It hits him almost instantly as he steps into the flat- the wallpaper shimmers in his field of vision, dipping in and out of space by it's on volition. Pale blue stripes wage war with the black victorian print, fighting for dominance on the wall. The couch, the bullet holes and the face do nothing, witnesses to Sherlock's slowly unfolding irregularity. Blinking against the abnormality, Sherlock stands still in the quiet flat. The shimmering in his right eye doesn't abate, and it's only after he gives it a moment of thought that his face falls in realization.
Stupid, stupid. After a week of traipsing around London without rest or respite, Sherlock could feel his body shutting down of it's own accord. Head swimming, he tries to calculate how long until he would be reduced to a quivering mess on the floor.
The persian rug advances slowly towards him, all kalidescope colors shifting towards an unusual pale blue, creeping moss in an otherwise still forest.
His head gives a savage pang; a warning if he's clever enough to take it as such. Not long at all then, it would seem. Senses jarred and eyes burning, Sherlock realizes he may only have minutes, and where is John?
Pulling out his mobile, Sherlock squints at the screen, the words swirling almost out of sight.
At work, whatever it is: no. JW
Sherlock's heart drops to the pit of his stomach. He wouldn't come, the surgery would be tied up with that nasty bout of the 'flu, and John would be stuck late, innoculating the locals.
Typing out a response is difficult, and Sherlock finds that for whatever reason, the predictive text on his phone doesn't know what a migraine is. After struggling with it for a few minutes, Sherlock manages to type out a more or less understandable message.
Migraine. Besoin de vous. SH
Sherlock only notices the switch to French after he hits send, but trusts that John will infer meaning well enough.
-Please, John, I need you.
Tossing his mobile onto the coffee table, he winces as it hits the hardwood, a fresh nick in the black plastic cover of his blackberry, but it would be none the worse for the wear. John would lecture him on taking better care of his things, when he got home.
If he got home.
It feels like ages since he sent the text to John, but the effort of retrieving his phone from the table seems herculean- impossible in his current state.
Mid afternoon sun drifts in through clean windows, cutting clean through his eyeballs to scorch his brain. Sherlock needs the slick comfort of a dark room and absolutely nothing on; something that the sunlit, cluttered sitting room cannot offer to him.
Looking around the room makes his head spin, and he is only just able to get to the small bathroom inside his bedroom before the megar contents of his stomach make a reappearence in the sink. Running the tap makes his head throb painfully, the ache spreading down the left side of his face. John, John John.
Toeing off his shoes and shrugging out of his jacket, Sherlock lies face first onto the bath mat, the soft mat providing only miniscule relief. Long, terry cloth fibres lick away the growing damp on the side of his face, but do very little in the way of solving his current problem.
Everything is amplified, battering against his normally strong mental defenses. But the tidal waves of useless information overcome him, drowning out any other sound. Mellow notes of jazz mingle with the heady lobster bisque being served next door, sick and soured through old wood and carpeting.
Clamping his hands to his ears does next to nothing, Sherlock feels small against the weight of his mind falling apart. His empty stomach churns, a product of his now raw nerves, and the rush in his throat is only too familiar.
Leaning over the toilet with his vagus nerve pulsing, he manages little more than bile. The harsh coppery tang clings to his mouth like a film, but Sherlock can't move anymore.
Strength gone, Sherlock collapses, face flush with the linoleum, veins pulsing against temples like rising water in a dam. John, John John. It's a steady mantra, interrupted only by the never ending teeth gnashing pain between his eyes.
John, John, John, John, John...
–
When John enters 221B, the silence in the flat is nearly deafening.
Sherlock should be postrate in his chair by a growing fire, the ridge of his lips pushed up against steepled fingers, his eyes closed in deep thought. But the scene is absent. Ashes lay undisturbed on the bottom grate of the fireplace, and the chair beside it lays curiously dormant.
This is an abnormality.
Using his rather shoddy deduction skills yield no result, and after shedding his coat and bag on the arm of the couch, he turns in a semi circle in the sitting room.
"Sherlock?" He should be home, where is he?
Suddenly remembering to check his messages, he finds an odd, hastilly typed message from his flatmate waiting in his inbox. A good portion of it is in french, oddly enough, but what Sherlock did manage to communicate in the proper language is cause enough for concern.
Grabbing up his bag, he heads through the kitchen, pausing at the half eaten breakfast still sitting on a table crowded with labware and petri dishes. Not odd, nothing unusual, moving on.
Continuing into Sherlock's bedroom, he very nearly trips over a discarded shoe, and it isn't until he peeks into the bathroom that he finds the detective in question.
Curled up on the floor, pale and sweating bullets, Sherlock had finally collapsed after a week-long case. A strip of creamy white skin pokes out from between the hem of his socks and his dress pants, and the dark blue dress shirt that had looked crisp that morning was rumpled- he'd been lying like this for a while then.
John has a hard time looking at this objectively; the sight alone is enough to warrant more concern than usual. Sherlock had never before looked this fragile before- red puffy eyes and a tear stained face look so foreign on what could be called a malicious face.
"John," Desperation was a tone that John hoped to never hear from Sherlock. A slender, white hand reaches for him, and John kneels quickly beside his friend.
Voice hollow and rough from the silence he had no doubt imposed on himself, Sherlock tries again. "John, please." Shaking, freezing fingers make contact with John's wrist, the pad of his thumb resting on the crest of his palm. John watches Sherlock's brow furrow at the effort, his complexion paling further in the dark bathroom.
Reaching for the dark head of curls, it turns suddenly, shaking violently into a porcelain bowl, back muscles rippling visibly from the strain.
At once, Sherlock feels an arm wrap around his waist, peeling him away from the cold porcelain with a gentleness that only John can offer. Sherlock's head lolls back, John's soothing hand on his brow. Bereft of the maroon jumper that he had earlier, John's gingham arms pull him back, supporting him when his own strength had failed him like so many other times. Fabric rustles against his skin, stirring up a faint scent of antiseptic and tea- but its one of the few things that doesn't push Sherlock over the edge.
"Have you taken anything?" John shifts the ailing detective from his lap, standing up in the small bathroom. The silence, followed shortly by a telltale flare of his nostrils tells John all he needs to know.
"Right," Sherlock slumps back on the lip of the bathtub, listening to John's soft footsteps retreat from the room. The pounding between his ears had changed, moved. A shrieking, clawing agony seeped down the left side of his face, the skin tingling at the surface, and Sherlock wonders briefly if it's possible for the cumulative pain to kill him.
Breathless and in pain, Sherlock flounders as John presses a towel and a glass of water into his palms. The water leaves his mouth feeling clean-ish, but the heady stench of bile is still present.
The act of thinking is enough to make his head spin and give another painful throb.
Pills rustle in a bottle as a gingham colored blur kneels in front of him. "Here, take these, and we can see about getting you to bed."
Water slides down his dry throat, accompanying the two white pills that he had been handed, the paracetamol will take time to work, and Sherlock is nearly at his end from the pain.
"John," Sherlock moans, "John John John." The steady mantra brings John close, his hand brushing across the hollow of his cheeks. Black curls find John's shoulder, and a hand snakes into his hairline. Feeling his heart beating through his eyeballs, his head presses into John's shirt.
For his part, John is at a complete loss. Migraines are something that he just does not understand, and Sherlock's migraines are something probably completely different. "Tell me what I can do," John purrs into his ear, careful to keep his voice low.
Pale hands rip into his arms, digging into the flesh beneath the blue. "Make it end, please." His voice hitches, begging. Sherlock doesn't beg.
Not ever.
"Lets get you off the floor now." Sherlock's nearly dead weight beneath John's grip, sagging against John's front.
"Just close your eyes, we'll be there soon." John's murmuring voice continues, brushing into Sherlock's ears like the flowing fall. Sanctuary against the constant, bitter beating of the world around him.
Suddenly, Sherlock finds himself on his bed, limp on the edge like a marionette. Light filtering in from a slowly setting sun cuts into the room; and Sherlock winces, covering his eyes with his arm.
John's rifling through his drawers, trying to find his pajamas. The sorting scheme will be beyond him, and after a minute of unsucessful grunting, a pair of striped pants and a charcoal shirt are unearthed from their pine confines.
John's fingers brush his chest, pushing the pearl buttons through the holes one by one. Skin nearly against skin, Sherlock stays perfectly still, quelling the gooseflesh beneath his touch.
"Sorry," John mutters, pushing the shirt off of Sherlock's back. The clam of skin pulled too tightly over ribs and hips is incriminatory of Sherlock's poor eating habits, and John's concern ratchets up another few notches.
"I know you've not been eating, but I'm not going to press that issue just yet." John tosses the shirt in Sherlock's lap, giving him a deciding look. "You can manage that and your pants, I'll be right back."
When John returns from the kitchen with a cold compress and more water, he finds Sherlock curled up above the covers, still in his slacks and dress socks, but having managed the shirt. Sighing to himself softly, John plants a knee beside Sherlock, settling himself into the bed. Coaxing the detective from his fetal position yields no result, and John settles for rolling his rigid form into his lap. Soft brunette curls sprawl across heavy denim, caking the side of Sherlock's head and neck.
Pressing the cloth to Sherlock's face elicts a low moan, and Sherlock curls up closer to John, his head hugging John's hip.
"Has this ever happened before?"
Sherlock groans into John's shirt. "If I neglect myself for too long, yes."
John chuckles. "You think you would have learned by now." A red rimmed cerulean eye pokes out from a dark fringe, regarding him with indifference.
"My work, John."
"No," John starts, pulling the compress away slightly to garner his attention. "We need to lay down a few ground rules regarding this sort of thing."
"I've been perfectly fine up until now." Petulant, and stubborn through even this, and it's nothing less than John expected.
John snorts, peering down at Sherlock. "Right, perfectly fine."
"Well what do you want me to say?"
John resists the urge to throw up his hands. "Oh I don't know. Maybe 'I'm sorry I'm such an idiot John, I'll sleep eight hours a day and eat when I'm hungry.'"
The smile that Sherlock gives John doesn't reach his glassy green eyes. "John you know you can't expect that of me."
John moves the cloth to Sherlock's brow, dabbing at the beaded skin gently. "Well, this cannot continue." His voice is gentle as his fingers comb through sweat logged curls.
"This?" His voice is a whisper, and it very nearly doesn't reach John's attentive ears.
"You'll work yourself to death if you aren't careful."
Sherlock seems to consider this briefly, and John watches his gaze dim. "I know." It's a quiet admission, one that John didn't think to ever receive.
"I can't ever find you like that again. I mean it."
Sherlock's fading in John's arms, but very clearly resisting the sleep that John knew he hadn't gotten in a while. The cloth is removed, balled up and tossed into a hamper on the far side of the room, and John shifts beneath Sherlock.
A hand finds John's; pale and veiny in the low light. "Don't leave," Sherlock won't beg him to stay, he's done far too much of that already tonight, but the please is implied in the silence that follows.
John stays, his hands tracing the well worn patterns into Sherlock's temples as his breathing slowly evens out.
Bizarre as it is, the connection between himself and Sherlock is something that John cannot quite understand. Primal at it's core, friendship set on fire. Reliance, trust, love if looked at in the right light.
Maybe it would all go back to normal in the morning. Sherlock would be back to the chair in the sitting room with only his violin and his thoughts to keep him company in the hours that John was not present.
Tonight had changed things. The dynamics of the flatmate friendship had tilted into uncharted waters, pushed farther out to sea by the pulsing tide of Sherlock's unusual need.
Need.
Sherlock had need of him now, and he would again. It's the one thing that John can count on in their relationship, and for now, it's enough.
When I prescribe strength training for my depressed patients, they are often surprised. They have never heard of the relationship between physical strength and psychological well-being. Most patients who come to see me, a psychiatrist, think that I will just give them a pill to provide a solution to their depression. Yes, medications have a role in moderate and severe depression, but often after a stint of medications and psychotherapy, patients still don't have a complete resolution of symptoms. Strength training can complete the spectrum of total care by improving a variety of mood, pain. and cognitive issues.
Strength training has been shown in a number of studies to increase cognitive performance. One 2010 study done in elderly women showed that once weekly and twice weekly resistance training, both improved cognitive function as shown by a cognitive test of selective attention, and resolution of the mental conflict between naming colors and reading words. This means that the frontal lobe, the front part of their brain that is important for executive function and concentration, improved in function. Interestingly, they compared this group to a group doing just stretching and balance work, which did not see any improved function.[1] I have prescribed strength training and had patients come back with “I started with stretching and foam rolling with a personal trainer,” to which I prescribed:
A 2017 study done in men and women, ages 30–45, showed improvement in psychological health, as measured by a questionnaire after 12 weeks of resistance training. The questionnaire was a measure of each participant's opinion on their own concentration, stress, happiness, and self-confidence. The authors of the study looked at resistance training two times a week, three times a week, and four times a week. All groups showed general psychological improvement after 12 weeks, with the group that trained four times a week reporting the most improvement.[2]
Next, there are many studies that show that strength training is beneficial to those diagnosed with depressive disorders. In one study on adults greater than 60 years old, 10 weeks of a supervised progressive resistance training program three times a week was shown to improve depression, as well as improve bodily pain, vitality, and social functioning. It was also shown to decrease limitations on routine activities from emotional problems.[3]
In a study looking at high and low intensities of progressive resistance training in adults >60 years old, a decrease in depression symptoms was more significant in the high intensity exercise group. The high intensity group was lifting 3x8 reps at 80% their one rep max, whereas the low intensity group was doing 20% of their one rep max. The depression scale assessed sleep, feelings of guilt, mood, anxiety and slowness of thought, speech, and action. Strength gain was directly associated with a reduction in depressive symptoms. Those in the high intensity group felt like they had more vitality than those in the other groups. Sleep quality improved significantly in all participants, with the greatest relative change in the high intensity group.[4]
In the figure below you can see how much of a change there was in the high intensity group (HIGH), low intensity group (LOW) and general practitioner standard care (GPCARE) in terms of two measures of depression which were GDS (Geriatric Depression Scale) and HRSD (Hamilton Rating Scale of Depression).
Another important finding in this study was that there was an association between a change in depressive symptoms and gain in muscle strength. The graph below shows that as strength gains increased there was a decrease of depression symptoms. This means that those who had the highest strength gains in general had a larger decrease in depressive symptoms. This is why strength is something that should be important to optimize when treating depression.
In conclusion, training for physical strength is important for enhanced “brain strength,” and has been shown to treat depression and improve cognitive function. Those who had the highest strength gains experienced the highest improvements in their mood issues. Strength gains also improved cognitive performance. Therefore, strength training should be another tool used in the treatment and prevention of psychiatric issues. In particular, I practice and recommend the “Starting Strength” model for strength training due to the technical nuance and effectiveness that occurs in strength acquisition.
Disclaimer: For informational purposes I (Dr. David Puder) worked with a resident (Dr. Amul Shah) reviewing the scientific foundation for why resistance training helps with depression. This should not replace the recommendations of your own physician. Further, all things here are my own opinions and don't represent any other institution.
Discuss in Forums
References
Cops: Two women fight in adult bookstore
Two employees have been charged in connection with a fight inside the VIP adult store on the Boston Post Road in orange. Two employees have been charged in connection with a fight inside the VIP adult store on the Boston Post Road in orange. Photo: Contributed Photo Photo: Contributed Photo Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Cops: Two women fight in adult bookstore 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
ORANGE, Conn. — Two women employees of an adult book and video store will be arraigned in court on Wednesday after they were arrested after they allegedly got into a fight at work recently.
Police said that store manager Holly Saunders, 34, of New Haven was counseling Jacqueline Ferraro, 26, of Branford about her work performance on Dec. 28 when the dispute became physical.
Other employees of the VIP (Very Intimate Pleasures) store at 170 Boston Post Road intervened to break up the loud argument but not before Saunders struck Ferraro in the head, according to a post on the Orange police Facebook page.
Both women were taken into custody and charged with second-degree breach of peace. Saunders was also charged with third-degree assault.
The suspects were released on their promise to appear in court on Wednesday.
Barrett712
SCP-XXXX
Item #: SCP-XXXX
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-XXXX is to be stored in a password-secured locker in Site-19. All requests for testing SCP-XXXX are to be directed to Dr. Lambda
Description: SCP-XXXX is a black plastic box measuring 24 x 10 x 8 centimeters in area with a knob, a button, and an LCD screen attached to three of its faces. The LCD displays two values: one for a substance the device lists as "P-Cube" and a secondary value for several types of energy, the energy in question is also displayed on the LCD screen. The identity of the second value can be manipulated with the knob. The list on the display reveals the following settings: Kinetic, Solar, ATP, Thermal, Electrical, and the aforementioned P-Cube. These features suggest the purpose of SCP-XXXX is to store energy. It is currently unknown what the capacity of SCP-XXXX is.
When the LCD screen displays one of the settings, a hatch from the back of the box opens and reveals various items which appear to be relevant to the current setting. For example, when SCP-XXXX is set to "Solar", a solar panel of unknown make or brand is expelled from the back to the box. The solar panel can then be attached to the top of SCP-XXXX and function as intended. The objects expelled must be placed back in the hatch in order to change settings, otherwise SCP-XXXX will lock in its current setting. See Experiment Log XXXX for more details.
+ Experiment Log XXXX - Collapse All tests will be under the supervision of Dr. Lambda Test XXXX-1 Purpose: To deduce the function of SCP-XXXX
Subject: D-XXXX-1
Current Setting: Solar; First value set at 0
Item Deployed from SCP-XXXX: Solar Panel of unknown make or brand
Results: When placed in direct line of sunlight, The first value on the LCD, P-Cube, raises steadily in increments of 10 every second.
Analysis: It appears our original hypothesis of SCP-XXXX being an energy storage device is correct. Test XXXX-2 Purpose: The test the properties of the button
Subject: D-XXXX-1
Current Setting: Solar; First Value set at 50
Item Deployed from SCP-XXXX: Solar Panel of unknown make or brand
Results: SCP-XXXX illuminated intensely for one second. The first value on the LCD immediately decreased to 0 in a second. D-XXXX complained of momentary blindness and sunburns.
Analysis: It seems the button expels all the energy it has in store instead of releasing said energy in increments. Further testing is required to see if the button works similarly on other settings. Test XXXX-3 Purpose: To test the Kinetic setting for similarities to Solar setting
Subject: D-XXXX-1
Current Setting: Kinetic; First Value set at 0
Item Deployed from SCP-XXXX: N/A
Results: after several minutes of inactivity, D-XXXX grew impatient and tapped the top of SCP-XXXX several times. The first value displayed on the LCD increased in intervals of 1 for every consecutive tap. Upon discovery, D-XXXX slammed his palm on top of the box, which caused the value to increase by 5. Similar results happened when D-XXXX used a hammer, only this time the value increased by 25. SCP-XXXX did not show any signs of damage.
Analysis: The process for harvesting and storing energy proved similar to the solar experiment. I assume the process of absorbing Thermal and Electrical energy is also quite similar. Despite this, i do not know what the function of the ATP or the P-Cube setting is. Test XXXX-4 Purpose:The test the properties of the button with the Kinetic setting
Subject: D-XXXX-1
Current Setting: Kinetic; First Value at 50
Item Deployed from SCP-XXXX: NA
Results: [REDACTED]
Analysis: //…D-XXXX-1, unfortunately, expired due to blunt trauma shattering his bones and compressing his internal organs. I will request another D-class and hopefully continue soon. // Test XXXX-5 Purpose: Testing the ATP setting
Subject: D-XXXX-2
Current Setting: ATP; First Value at 0
Item Deployed from SCP-XXXX: Medical Syringe with tubing connected to SCP-XXXX
Results: After the needle was inserted in D-XXXX-2's arm, a clear liquid was extracted and transfers into the SCP. D-XXXX-2 immediately complained of fatigue and falls asleep once the value on the LCD reached 50. Pressing the button reverses the process and immediately woke D-XXXX-2 up with renewed vigor.
Analysis: If I remember my biology correctly, SCP-XXXX was able to extract and inject adenosine triphosphate, an energy source used by cells in living organisms. Test XXXX-6 Purpose: To test if SCP-XXXX can exchange energy.
Subject: D-XXXX-2
Current Setting: Electricrical then Solar; First Value at 0
Item Deployed from SCP-XXXX: A Metal Rod of unknown composition when set at Electrical. Solar Panel when set at Solar.
Results: A tesla coil was used to allow SCP-XXXX to absorb 50 units of energy. The setting was then changed to Solar and the button was pressed, resulting in a similar result to Test XXXX-2
Analysis: This can be handy as a back up power source for small projects or buildings though I am not too sure if it can be used in a larger setting. Test XXXX-7 Purpose: To test the P-Cube setting
Subject: D-XXXX-2
Current Setting: P-Cube; First Value at 0 then at 50 then at 100
Item Deployed from SCP-XXXX: Unknown
Results: No results when the First Value was set at 0 and 50 when the button was pressed. A blue cube was deployed when the button was pressed at a Value of 100, reducing the value to 0.
Analysis: //an immediate evacuation and quarantine of test lab was issued due to standard protocol. SCP-XXXX expelled an unknown solid into the test chamber. //
SCP-XXXX-1
When the value of P-Cube reaches 100 or more and the item display is set to P-Cube by the knob, An instance if SCP-XXXX-1 will expel from the back hatch. SCP-XXXX-1 is a blue, cubical substance of unknown chemical composition. Unlike other settings, SCP-XXXX-1 does not not need to return to the hatch in order to change settings. As of now, the exact nature of SCP-XXXX-1 is unknown See Addendum XXXX
SCP-XXXX was recovered in the dorm of ██████████████ University after complaints of regular electrical surges and inconsistent temperatures were reported from both the school and its primary electricity provider. SCP-XXXX was found attached to the corpse of ███████ ████████████ with the setting at ATP and the value at 374.
Addendum XXXX: After continuous experimentation of SCP-XXXX, a piece of paper was found embedded in the hatch of the box when it was set to Electric.
Level Four Classification required.
Imagine investing the price of your phone (unlocked and off-contract) into Bitcoin on the day the phone was launched. How much would that Bitcoin be worth today?
1 BTC = $0.00 USD
Phone specific pages provide details on launch dates and pricing for each phone (including phone options where available). For details on the methodology and data, please refer to the FAQ.
If you are interested in learning more about Bitcoin, including how to buy, head over to our Bitcoin Overview page.
This website does not endorse buying Bitcoin instead of a phone. Bitcoin can, however, be an interesting addition to any investment portfolio.
If you enjoyed this website, we also highly recommend you take a look at our sister sites:
InvestedInstead.com : How you would have fared if you invested in the company instead of buying the product.
: How you would have fared if you invested in the company instead of buying the product. WhatIfIBoughtAppleInstead.com: The opportunity cost of raising a child in terms of Apple stock.
For any unanswered comments, questions or suggestions, feel free to contact us at Contact@BitcoinInstead.com.
Over the past several months we've frequently noted the devolving relationship between Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban and billionaire financier George Soros. Tensions escalated last month when Orban took it upon himself to mail a Soros-related questionnaire to all 8 million Hungarian voters (see: Hungary Launches Anti-Soros Political Campaign) and then followed that up with an announcement that Hungary's intelligence services had been instructed to "map" Soros' network of influence.
As Orban's ruling party gears up for parliamentary elections in April - where it is the prohibitive favorite to win largely thanks to its refusal to accept refugees under a plan devised by the European Commission - the prime minister has instructed his intelligence services to map what he described as the networks run by the billionaire financier's “empire” targeting his country, Bloomberg reported. Intelligence agencies will help evaluate what he sees as efforts by Soros to get Hungary punished by EU institutions pursuing a “mixed-population” continent, Orban said in an interview with Kossuth Radio on Friday. The Associated Press added that the investigation will also focus on alleged Hungarian members of the network. Intelligence agencies will help evaluate what Orban sees as efforts by Soros to get Hungary punished by EU institutions pursuing a “mixed-population” continent, Orban said in an interview with Kossuth Radio on Friday.
Today, Soros has decided to strike back with a scathing "rebuttal" posted to his website blasting Orban for his "anti-Soros, anti-Muslim, anti-Semitic propaganda effort."
On October 9, 2017, the Hungarian government mailed a national consultation to all eight million eligible Hungarian voters purporting to solicit their opinions about a so-called “Soros Plan.” The statements in the national consultation contain distortions and outright lies that deliberately mislead Hungarians about George Soros's views on migrants and refugees. Hungarian government officials also falsely claim that George Soros is somehow controlling the European Union decision-making process. In fact, decisions on how to address the migration crisis are made by EU member states and institutions, including the Hungarian government. With Hungary's health care and education systems in distress and corruption rife, the current government has sought to create an outside enemy to distract citizens. The government selected George Soros for this purpose, launching a massive anti-Soros media campaign costing tens of millions of euros in taxpayer money, stoking anti-Muslim sentiment, and employing anti-Semitic tropes reminiscent of the 1930s. The national consultation is part of an ongoing propaganda effort that has been underway since May 2015 that included the “Stop Brussels” consultation in the spring of 2017 and the referendum that vilified migrants and refugees in 2016.
Soros went on to offer a "rebuttal", which in several cases read more like a confirmation, of Orban's "propaganda":
National Consultation Statement 1: George Soros wants Brussels to resettle at least one million immigrants per year onto European Union territory, including in Hungary. Soros Response: FALSE. In a 2015 opinion piece, George Soros said that because of the war in Syria, the European Union would have to “accept at least a million asylum-seekers annually for the foreseeable future. And, to do that, it must share the burden fairly” (“Rebuilding the Asylum System,” Project Syndicate, September 26, 2015). A year later, when circumstances had changed, he suggested that the EU should make a “commitment to admit even a mere 300,000 refugees annually” (“Saving Refugees to Save Europe,” Project Syndicate, September 12, 2016). National Consultation Statement 2: Together with officials in Brussels, George Soros is planning to dismantle border fences in EU member states, including in Hungary, to open the borders for immigrants. Soros Response: FALSE. George Soros has clearly stated his belief that “the EU must regain control of its borders.” He believes that “the EU must build common mechanisms for protecting borders, determining asylum claims, and relocating refugees.” (“Saving Refugees to Save Europe,” Project Syndicate, September 12, 2016). National Consultation Statement 3: One part of the Soros Plan is to use Brussels to force the EU-wide distribution of immigrants that have accumulated in Western Europe, with special focus on Eastern European countries. Hungary must also take part in this. Soros Response: FALSE. In his most recent commentary on the refugee crisis, George Soros endorsed “a voluntary matching mechanism for relocating refugees.” He made clear that “the EU cannot coerce member states to accept refugees they do not want, or refugees to go where they are not wanted.” (“Saving Refugees to Save Europe,” Project Syndicate, September 12, 2016). National Consultation Statement 4: Based on the Soros Plan, Brussels should force all EU member states, including Hungary, to pay immigrants HUF 9 million (€28,000) in welfare. Soros Response: FALSE. George Soros did not say that Hungary should be forced to pay HUF 9 million in welfare to immigrants. He did say, “Adequate financing is critical. The EU should provide €15,000 per asylum-seeker for each of the first two years to help cover housing, health care, and education costs—and to make accepting refugees more appealing to member states.” (“Rebuilding the Asylum System,” Project Syndicate, September 26, 2015). This would clearly be a subsidy from the EU to the Hungarian government. Last year George Soros announced that he would contribute to the financial effort by earmarking €430 million of his personal fortune “for investments that specifically address the needs of migrants, refugees and host communities.” (“Why I'm Investing $500 Million in Migrants,” The Wall Street Journal, September 20, 2016). National Consultation Statement 5: Another goal of George Soros is to make sure that migrants receive milder criminal sentences for the crimes they commit. Soros Response: FALSE. Nowhere has Soros made any such statement. This is a lie. National Consultation Statement 6: The goal of the Soros Plan is to push the languages and cultures of Europe into the background so that integration of illegal immigrants happens much more quickly. Soros Response: FALSE. Nowhere has Soros made any such statement. This is a lie. National Consultation Statement 7: It is also part of the Soros Plan to initiate political attacks against those countries which oppose immigration, and to severely punish them. Soros Response: FALSE. Nowhere has Soros made any such statement. This is a lie.
Of course, as we've noted before, three decades ago, billionaire financier George Soros paid for a young Viktor Orbán to study in Britain. And as recently as 2010, Soros donated $1 million to Orbán's government to help the cleanup effort following the infamous “red sludge” disaster.
But the once-warm relationship between the two men has deteriorated substantially over the past seven years, as Orban has drifted further to the right. In 2014, the leader of Hungary's Fidesz party declared he would seek to model Hungary's government after “illiberal” democracies like the government of Russian President Vladimir Putin. In response, Soros this summer denounced his former protege and accused him of creating a “mafia state” in Hungary.
One of dozens of billboards around Hungary bearing anti-Soros messaging...
Orban responded by accusing Soros's network of using the European Union to achieve its own aims, including the promotion of mass migration into Europe.
Orban was no doubt provoked to launch the probe by reports Soros has donated $18 billion from his family office to his “Open Society” foundation, his primary tool for influence policy throughout the west. The group funds a network of dozens of organizations that fund liberal, globalist causes throughout Europe and the US. At times, recipients of funding have included Black Lives Matter groups, and even Antifa.
But will Orban's investigation morph into a full-on, Turkey-style purge of anyone with ties to Soros' linked organizations, regardless of their actual complicity? That, of course, remains to be seen.
Real-world hacking has long since spawned legions of more glamorous portrayals in videogames. Here are five of the best that take hacking and elevate it to thrilling levels.
Real-world hacking has long since spawned legions of more glamorous portrayals in videogames. Here are five hacker games that elevate security to thrilling levels.
Uplink (2002)
The pitch: You play as a hacker, enlisted by the shadowy Uplink Corporation in the far-off future of, er, 2010 to hack into rival companies' accounts as well as numerous other targets.
The hacking: The whole thing: the only dedicated hacker game in the list. Uplink is one of the more realistic hacker games ever made, requiring you to add new hardware and software to your hacking capabilities, including downloading dictionary programs and voice analyzers (all within the game, of course).
The best bit: Levelling up and seeing your reputation as a wanted hacker rise on fictional newsgroup sites, as you equip your server with more self-defense mechanisms and enjoy tense cat-and-mouse missions before your activities can be traced.
Deus Ex: Human Revolution (2011)
The pitch: The year is 2027, and you're Adam Jensen, a cybernetically-enhanced security manager at a multinational biotech corporation. Embroiled in a terrorist conspiracy, you enter a huge world of stealth, hacking, combat and subterfuge.
The hacking: Technically only a quarter of the character's skillset, hacking the environment around you is a substantial element to the whole game. Combat and confrontation is discouraged in favour of finding alternative paths, aided by your ability to take over computer systems, represented in-game via progressively harder hacking mini-games.
The best bit: The sheer quantity of side-quests available through choosing to hack your way around the game.
Watch Dogs (2014)
The pitch: You are Aiden Pearce, grey-hat hacker looking for revenge after the accidental death of his niece. The action takes place in an open-world environment based on a futuristic vision of Chicago, Illinois, where everything in the city is connected under one central computer system.
The hacking: Pearce has the ability to hack into practically any device around him – the Internet of Things in game form – including CCTV cameras, smartphones and vehicles. Doing so is integral to the game, but also offers enormous possibilities for discovery.
The best bit: Hacking the security systems of the city to alert you to potential crimes, then deciding how to intervene. Your public reputation as villain or vigilante is at stake.
Enter the Matrix (2003)
The pitch: Take control of two of the film series' minor characters, Niobe or Ghost, in a third-person shooter with predictable amounts of ‘bullet time' action.
The hacking: The game received mixed reviews, with exception almost universally made for the hacking sections of the game. Players could enter a DOS-type prompt window (in green and black, naturally) from the main menu that allowed limited control over elements of the game itself.
The best bit: Having worked out (painstakingly) how the hacking interface worked, it was possible to unlock a swordfighting training-room routine – and who can say the Matrix wouldn't have been better with more swords?
Hack ‘n Slash (2014)
The pitch: Top-down action-adventure in the vein of a Legend of Zelda title circa 1994. You play as Alice, exploring dungeons, avoiding obstacles and defeating enemies. But there's a twist.
The hacking: This is the (really) clever part. Alice is equipped with a ‘USB sword' that at various points in the game can interact with objects to open up a debugging interface – the very same as used by creators Double Fine to actually make the game. The game is structured so that you actually need to hack into it in this way and alter parameters of the game world to succeed. As you progress through the game, more original code is revealed to you, enabling you to take greater control over the game's build. This level of access also opens up the risk that you might accidentally corrupt your own savegame, or break the game entirely. But don't worry, you can restore to save points if that happens. It may not feel so much like a thriller as the others on this list, but playing Hack ‘n Slash actually gives the closest experience to real-life hacking in a game environment.
The best bit: Solving puzzles by reaching under the hood and changing the puzzle itself – making a bridge longer, or a block move slower. It's like The Matrix with Game Boy graphics.
Have we missed the best hacker games? Let us know in the comments.
Something Was Missing From The March On Washington Anniversary
Enlarge this image toggle caption Charles Dharapak/AP Charles Dharapak/AP
If Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. had seen 50 years into the future, he might have been tempted to add "Democrats and Republicans" to the historically antagonistic pairings — "black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics" — who, in his "I Have A Dream" speech, would one day hold hands and sing, "Free at last."
The parties have seldom seemed so far apart as they did Wednesday, on the 50th anniversary of King's speech and the March on Washington. Not a single Republican elected official spoke at the "Let Freedom Ring" event at the Lincoln Memorial, site of King's 1963 speech, though some were invited.
House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio attended an earlier march commemoration on Capitol Hill, and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia was traveling in Ohio and North Dakota, according to reports explaining why they had declined invitations. Former President George W. Bush was invited by event organizers, but declined because of recent heart surgery.
Whatever the reasons, the absence of any prominent past or present Republican official in a speaking role at the commemoration is unlikely to help the party's outreach to minorities. The hulking marble presence of the first Republican president, Abraham Lincoln, didn't really make up for the absence of living, breathing GOP officials.
So instead of a bipartisan celebration of one of the 20th century's greatest speeches and one of the most significant demonstrations in U.S. history, the event sometimes took on the feel of a Democratic National Convention. It seemed like just one more stop on the polarization express.
President Obama was joined by former presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter. John Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson were represented by daughters.
The Democratic Party's domination of the event didn't necessarily mean everything the main speakers said wouldn't or couldn't attract bipartisan support.
Obama, among others, spoke to how much the nation has changed for the better since the bad old days of 1963. That's certainly a point Republicans make, too.
The very fact that someone who looks like Obama is president is, of course, potent evidence of how much we've changed as a nation.
"Because they marched, city councils changed and state legislatures changed and Congress changed and, yes, eventually the White House changed," he said, speaking of the debt owed to the civil rights generation.
But the three Democratic presidents all cited varying parts of the Democratic bill of particulars against Republicans, without mentioning the other party by name.
They each singled out GOP-inspired voter ID laws, with Clinton delivering perhaps the best soundbite. "A great democracy does not make it harder to vote than to buy an assault weapon," he said to cheers.
The 50th anniversary of the march was a reminder of how completely the major parties have realigned along regional and racial lines since 1963. And much of that realignment, ironically, had everything to do with King and his fellow marchers getting the federal action they sought.
The same civil rights legislation that passed in 1964 and 1965, prohibiting discrimination in public accommodations and voter registration, helped to drive many whites to the Republican Party.
At the time of the 1963 march, there were moderate Republican leaders who publicly supported the civil rights movement. The Democratic coalition created by Franklin D. Roosevelt of Northern blue-collar whites, Southern rural whites and urban African-Americans, was intact, if fraying.
As Lyndon Johnson ruefully predicted, however, the Democratic Party would lose white Southerners, who have become a mainstay of the Republican Party.
Meanwhile, once Southern blacks were finally able to exercise their right to vote, they bonded to the party they viewed as most protective of those rights. That's made them an indispensable voting bloc for any Democrat with presidential aspirations who hopes to win enough primaries to gain the nomination.
Carter acknowledged as much on Wednesday in speaking of himself, Obama and Clinton:
"I realize that most people know that it's highly unlikely that any of us three ... would have served in the White House or be on this platform had it not been for Martin Luther King Jr. and his movement and his crusade for civil rights," said Carter. "So we are grateful to him for us being here."
At another point, Carter recalled the electoral boost he got from photo ops with the civil rights icon's wife, Coretta, and his father, Martin Luther "Daddy" King Sr.:
"I was really grateful when the King family adopted me as their presidential candidate in 1976. Every handshake from Dr. King, from Daddy King, every hug from Coretta got me a million Yankee votes."
That was the same Daddy King who had voted for the party of Lincoln up until 1960, when then-presidential candidate JFK called King's daughter-in-law, Coretta King, to express his concern for her husband, jailed for civil rights activism.
The elder King embodied that shift in party coalitions no less than Strom Thurmond, the Democratic senator from South Carolina who switched to the Republicans in 1964.
Wednesday, ironically, was the 56th anniversary of the Thurmond's record-setting anti-civil rights filibuster in 1957, a time when he led the segregationist forces in Congress.
Hobart Huson, also known as Strike, is the founder and site designer of online forum The Hive and author of several popular books such as Total Synthesis I and II, and Sources, in which he details methods of synthesizing a variety of amphetamines, obtaining equipment and chemicals, and avoiding prosecution for said activity.[1][2] From his books, it is clear that MDMA or Ecstasy was the drug he found to be most compelling: in his book Total Synthesis II, he describes it as "the most benign drug [I have] ever encountered."
Huson posted on The Hive under the pseudonym Strike and was considered something of an expert on the topic of underground drug synthesis but his true identity was revealed following a ten-month investigation by NBC show Dateline. A special episode of Dateline called The "X" Files was aired in 2001, after which he was arrested and imprisoned for various drug charges pertaining to the manufacture of MDMA.
Despite Huson's arrest, popularity for The Hive continued to grow until it went offline in 2004. At its peak, the Hive had thousands of participants from all over the world.
Additionally, Huson operated Science Alliance, a Texas-based company that sold chemicals. In September 2003 Huson started an eight-year term in Federal Correctional Institution, Bastrop in Bastrop County, Texas for drug related charges related to his business. He was released June 20 2009.[3][4] He was also charged for one count of sale of chemicals and equipment to produce dangerous drugs stemming from a multi-agency drug bust of G3 Custom Fabrications on June 22, 2000, in Flagstaff.[5]
Books [ edit ]
Total Synthesis II. Panda Ink; 1 edition (August 1, 1998) ISBN 978-0-9658291-2-0
Panda Ink; 1 edition (August 1, 1998) ISBN 978-0-9658291-2-0 Sources. Panda Ink; 1 edition (March 1, 1998) ISBN 978-0-9658291-1-3
References [ edit ]
Iphone Users Can Now Buy Bitcoins Directly Inside Breadwallet
The bitcoin wallet Breadwallet has just launched the ability for users to buy bitcoins from inside their iOS app. This feature will be rolled out over the next two weeks, starting today. Bitcoin.com talked to founder and lead developer Aaron Voisine to find out more about this new on-ramp to Bitcoin.
Also read: Popular Bitcoin App Breadwallet to Launch Built-In Exchange
Controlled Rollout
According to Breadwallet's announcement:
Starting today, iphone users in the United States will start receiving the ability to buy bitcoin through the breadwallet app, either with cash at one of thousands of retail locations and bitcoin ATMs, or by linking a bank account.
Initially, not all Breadwallet users can access this feature. “This will be a controlled rollout” available for only a small number of users, according to the company. “We'll be enabling for 10% of users (randomly chosen) on launch day, and then ramping it up to all users over the next two weeks”, Voisine told Bitcoin.com.
“At launch the service is available in the US, excluding NY”, he explained, reiterating that users can only exchange their US dollars for bitcoin currently. However, he noted that “we will continue adding more locations and local currencies going forward”. Following this iOS launch, he said:
The android version is in the works and is planned for roll out next quarter.
Last December, the company invited US and Canadian iOS users to beta test buying bitcoin with cash. The company described at the time that “options include both bitcoin ATMs and physical store locations where you can purchase bitcoin from a cashier”. It noted that all “the nearby options for purchasing bitcoin with cash” will be displayed on a map once the user choose the “Buy Bitcoin” option and then “Cash” within the app.
Using Kraken for Bank Transfers
“The payment processing will be handled by our exchange partners in each locality”, Voisine explained, adding that “our launch partner in the US market for bank transfers is Kraken”. He also noted that, after paying in fiat, “the funds are sent upon completion of the ACH transfer, which is typically 3 to 5 days”.
He detailed:
The conversion rate is the market spot rate at the time the order is placed. The exchange fee is 1%.
Kraken has been offering the ability for wallets to buy bitcoin in-app since it acquired non-custodial wallet funding service Glidera last December, renaming it Kraken Direct. The service offers “one-click buying and selling of bitcoin” from a wallet via ACH bank transfers and “never takes custody of their funds during the process”, Kraken's website explains. The company claims to currently support “around 10 of the top wallets including Airbitz, Copay, Mycelium and Multibit, with many more in the development pipeline”.
Following this iOS launch, “we'll be quickly adding new locations and local currencies for bitcoin purchasing”, Voisine conveyed. “We're also working hard to bring other new financial service offerings, as well as improved user experience around sending and receiving bitcoin (like BIP75) without compromising on the security, openness, or decentralization of the platform”.
Would you use the Breadwallet app to buy bitcoins? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock, Kraken and Breadwallet
Get our news feed on your site. Check our widget services.
To assess the claims, the regulator examined the game's Steam store page and footage provided by Hello Games. Investigators also played the game to check whether the features could be easily replicated, or experienced within the confines of an average playthrough. Regarding large-scale space battles, Hello Games admitted these "were more unusual" but provided footage of a similar conflict occurring in the game. "In relation to these features, we considered that the ad did not depict gameplay that differed materially from the footage provided by Hello Games, and that it was therefore unlikely to mislead," the ASA said.
The regulator did, however, notice some differences between the trailers and the final game. It couldn't reproduce a shot, for instance, of a ship flying underneath a rock formation. Investigators also noted differences in animal behavior -- one clip showed some large creatures moving large trees -- but decided this was a "fleeting and incidental scene" and ultimately "not misleading." Complainants had taken issue with the game's graphical performance, but the ASA stressed that the experience would differ depending on the user's PC. While a couple of screenshots showed water "in higher fidelity than we had seen in the footage or during gameplay," it was not deemed to be significant.
In its ruling, the ASA said it acknowledged Hello Games had tried to show No Man's Sky "in the best light." The materials were taken from game footage (even if certain elements, such as the interface, had been "amended" prior to release) and showed what was possible in the procedurally generated universe. As such, it believes "the overall impression of the ad was consistent with gameplay and the footage provided, both in terms of that captured by Hello Games and by third parties, and that it did not exaggerate the expected player experience of the game." Hello Games has, in short, been cleared of any wrongdoing.
The decision will come as a relief to the small British indie game developer. No Man's Sky was a hugely anticipated release that failed to meet fan expectations. Trailers showed beautiful worlds that could be explored and mined at the player's leisure. But the gameplay loop felt shallow to many people, devolving into little more than a resource collectathon. Players were angry and Hello Games went silent, preferring to work on updates than deal with the community's wrath. Earlier this week it released a "Foundation Update" which added base-building and two additional modes, Creative and Survival. While not enough to save the game's tarnished reputation, it's a considerable improvement that could win back a sliver of the public's trust.
No one really knows Rust yet, and our intent is to provide a friendly atmosphere where people from different backgrounds and levels of experience can learn and explore Rust together. Here we're all beginners, and together we can find out how we can use the playground that Rust provides us, to teach ourselves something that can make us better programmers.
Schedule
We'll start with a meet and greet at 17.30.
The presentation will start at 18.00 and will cover what Rust is (and isn't), what makes Rust awesome, and some of the things you can learn from it.
After that (roughly 19.00) we'll have a group programming session, with some simple problems that we can discuss and solve together in groups.
Background
Rust visually resembles the C language family, but differs significantly in syntactic and semantic details. Its design is oriented toward concerns of creating and maintaining boundaries – both abstract and operational – that preserve large-system integrity, availability and concurrency.
It supports a mixture of imperative procedural, concurrent actor, object-oriented and pure functional styles. Rust also supports generic programming and metaprogramming, in both static and dynamic styles.
Tags c geek oo programming rust
An educator on a committee responsible for removing language challenging evolution from Texas science curriculum standards said Wednesday that it was not a political move.
Karyn Ard, biology teacher at Troup Independent School District, testified before the State Board of Education Wednesday, along with several other educators who had served on committees to streamline science standards.
Earlier this year, the board convened a 10-member committee of educators and district officials to edit the biology curriculum standards, also called TEKS, or Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills. The biology committee removed four passages that some board members say challenge evolutionary science.
The board will vote in April on whether to uphold removal of those passages.
Ard said Wednesday that the committee removed the passages because 14- and 15-year-olds are not prepared to analyze and evaluate evolution on a high level. But, she added, evolution is a theory and in principle should be challenged like any other theory.
In 2012, left-leaning education board watchdog Texas Freedom Network published a report singling out those four passages in the biology TEKS for challenging evolutionary theory. The report argued the passages “include concepts and buzzwords that originate in the intelligent design/creationism community, creating the possibility that scientifically inaccurate and possibly unconstitutional content could find its way into Texas science materials.”
The committee decided to remove or edit those specific passages. One of the passages requires biology teachers to examine “all sides of scientific evidence of those scientific explanations, so as to encourage critical thinking by the student.” The 10-member committee struck that line from the biology standards, saying that “evidence does not have sides, only different perspectives on the interpretation of the evidence.”
But Ard said Wednesday that committee members had not seen the Texas Freedom Network report when discussing recommendations, and had not intended to stop students from questioning evolution.
“These changes were purely based on the fact that our kids cannot master those,” she said.
Asking students to analyze and evaluate the evidence of evolution is “overwhelming” for teachers and students, Ard said. Teachers do not have enough time to go into depth in the classroom, and students are not prepared to evaluate evolution.
“Are you concerned that if these TEKS are allowed to remain that you will cross the line in terms of creationism? If this particular paper talked in terms of those TEKS opening the door into teaching of creationism, that would be unfounded, don't you agree?” board member Marty Rowley, R-Amarillo, asked.
Ard did agree. “It's a theory. It should be questioned. Kids should be allowed to look at different theories,” she said. “We have Newton's Law in physics. Kids still go out and they egg drop and everything.”
Board member Barbara Cargill, R-Woodlands, said students are energized when they debate major scientific theories such as evolution. “We're all looking at the same data, just interpreted different ways,” she said. “That's part of what makes science so rich.”
She encouraged the committee to re-insert a passage asking students to “analyze and evaluate scientific explanations concerning any data of sudden appearance, stasis, and sequential nature of groups in the fossil record.” Committee members wrote in their recommendations that they had struck that passage because there is “not enough time for students to master concept. Cognitively inappropriate for 9th grade students.”
The board voting on the standards in April will be different than the one that heard testimony Wednesday. Two new members, Democrat Georgina Perez in District 1 and Republican Keven Ellis in District 9, will replace outgoing members Martha Dominguez, D-El Paso, and Thomas Ratliff, R-Mount Pleasant.
Ellis has repeatedly declined to comment specifically on the matter, before and after he won his seat on the board. “We'll look at that as that comes up,” Ellis told the Tribune last Wednesday. “There's a lot on the plate … I don't want to make determinations now of what the science needs to be.”
It remains to be seen whether Ellis will change the political makeup of the board, which has five Democrats and 10 Republicans, split between moderate and far right.
BY ALIYYA SWABY, THE TEXAS TRIBUNE
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SPANISH FORK, Utah -- Police have released video of the incredible rescue of an 18-month-old girl found in a crashed car in a Utah river on March 7.
Editor's note: The videos in this story contain raw footage of emergency crews responding to a crash that left a woman dead and her daughter in critical condition. Some may find some of the images disturbing, viewer discretion is advised.
Jennifer Groesbeck, 25, of Springville, Utah, was killed in the crash. Despite spending an estimated 14 hours in the car in the frigid water, 18-month-old Lily was found alive inside the vehicle.
In the video released on Friday, emergency responders can be seen urgently working to shift the vehicle to reach the young girl inside.
"You got her? Pass her up! Pass her up," one responder can be heard saying in the video as the young girl is pulled from the wrecked vehicle.
The child was then passed to one emergency responder, who begins rushing to an ambulance on the river bank.
The man carrying the girl can be heard saying, "She's definitely hypothermic."
The video continues as the child is put into the ambulance and EMS personnel frantically work to save her life. At one point, a responder says, "Come on baby!" as a medic attends to the child.
Later, the officer says they have made it to the town of Salem, and he continues talking to the EMS personnel, "We're almost there, you're getting a pulse?"
As they bring the child into the hospital, someone says, "We've been doing CPR on her, she's been throwing up a little bit."
Lily was in critical condition after the crash, but she has since been released from the hospital. Her father spoke with KSTU about her incredible recovery.
The cause of the crash remains unclear, and police are investigating. The crash is believed to have occurred around 10:30 p.m. on March 6, but the vehicle wasn't located until a fisherman spotted it around noon the next day.
Report a typo
Image caption Girls' school leaders say girls have more confidence when taught in a single-sex school
Girls at single-sex state schools in England get better GCSE results than those in mixed schools, according to an analysis of the most recent exams.
And the advantage for girls' schools remains even when other factors are taken into account, such as social background or a selective intake.
Girls from poorer families in single-sex schools got better GCSEs than their counterparts in mixed schools.
The study showed much less advantage for boys in single-sex schools.
The high performance of girls in single-sex schools has been identified by education data analysts SchoolDash, in a breakdown of GCSE results published last week.
In terms of overall GCSE results, single-sex state secondary schools, about 11% of the total, performed much better.
Image copyright PA Image caption Girls are more likely to get better GCSE results than boys
In mixed schools, 55% of pupils got five good GCSEs including English and maths, while in single-sex schools the proportion was 75%.
Among these single-sex schools, girls' schools got better results.
But there are some underlying factors skewing these results, such as:
grammar schools are more likely to be single-sex
co-educational schools have a higher proportion of poorer pupils
girls are more likely to get good results
Better results
When these and other factors are taken into account, girls' schools still showed a clear advantage, with greater levels of "value added" in terms of pupils' progress and better results for poorer pupils.
The difference in like-for-like comparisons, the researchers say, was equivalent to girls' schools being three percentage points ahead of mixed ones.
Image copyright SchoolDash Image caption Where single-sex schools are concentrated around the country
Boys in single-sex schools were ahead of mixed schools in raw GCSE results, but they did not show a significantly better performance once other factors had been taken into account.
The analysis also showed single-sex schools were concentrated in London and the South East.
Capital benefits
London's GCSE results were the best in England - and the study showed almost a third of secondary schools in the capital were single-sex, far higher than anywhere else.
Girls' schools in London did particularly well in this year's GCSEs - with single-sex schools in the capital an average 12 percentage points higher than their counterparts
Image copyright PA Image caption London has a higher concentration of single-sex schools than anywhere else in England
The study described a "halo" of single-sex schools around the edge of London, including those in the independent sector and grammars.
There were other clusters, such as around Liverpool, but smaller numbers in northern England and the Midlands, and overwhelmingly in urban rather than rural settings.
Single-sex schools had a higher proportion of ethnic-minority pupils, but a lower than average proportion of deprived pupils, as measured by eligibility for free school meals.
Teachers in single-sex schools tended to be older, better paid and taking significantly less sick leave than their counterparts in mixed schools.
SchoolDash founder Timo Hannay said: "It would now be interesting to try and understand why girls at girls' schools tend to do better than their peers, and what the vast majority of mixed schools might be able to learn from this phenomenon."
Social 'disadvantage'?
Earlier this month, Richard Cairns, head of Brighton College, said girls at single-sex schools would be at a "huge disadvantage" if they could not feel confident talking to boys.
Single-sex schools were described as a "deeply unrealistic world".
Image caption A long-term study says women who attended all-girls' schools were no more or less likely to marry
But Caroline Jordan, president of the Girls' School Association, claimed the analysis of this year's results as a vindication of an all-girl education.
She said teachers with classes of girls could focus their teaching style on what worked best for girls.
"Girls are more collaborative, they like lessons to be more discussion-based," said Ms Jordan, who represents schools in the independent sector, where there is a long tradition of single-sex schools.
And an all-girl environment allowed them to "escape gender stereotyping", by, for example, encouraging more girls to pursue science subjects.
"Girls can be more confident in themselves, they don't have to become a particular type of girl, they're able to relax more," she said.
The claim girls in single-sex schools were more likely to study science was backed by long-term tracking studies, said Alice Sullivan, director of the Centre for Longitudinal Studies, at the UCL Institute of Education, in London.
"We found that girls from single-sex schools were more likely to take male-dominated subjects such as maths and science at school. Girls who had attended single-sex schools also had slightly higher wages than their co-ed peers in mid-life," said Prof Sullivan.
"People often make claims about the consequences of single-sex schooling for relationships between the sexes without referring to any evidence," she said.
"We found that women who attended single-sex schools were no more or less likely to marry than those in co-educational schools."
After a few weeks of playing around with React Native, I just came away with my first real mobile app. It's fairly simple, but it only took me a few days to build and I had a blast doing it.
I created a mobile app for my favorite food blog, Smitten Kitchen.
The app allows users to search through a database of over 1,000 recipes, and concisely view the necessary ingredients and directions for each one.
Users can also bookmark recipes and easily share them with a friend.
I'm still waiting for permission from the blog to publish this app, but you can check out all of the code here. Note that the url for my API has been stubbed for the time being out of respect for Smitten Kitchen.
React Native isn't going away any time soon
A common reservation among developers is that they don't want to invest the time to learn a new technology if there's a strong chance it will become obsolete in the near future.
Even from my relatively minimal experience with React Native, I've found it to be an enormously powerful tool. I am confident it will be used in the years to come.
Facebook, Instagram, and Airbnb all built the latest versions of their mobile apps using React Native. And here's a list of some other popular apps that were built using it.
Jeff Meyerson, creator of the podcast Software Engineering Daily, has talked extensively about the React Native platform. He believes it will survive and continue to capture the majority of the mobile ecosystem.
He has even speculated that Facebook may be creating their own mobile phone, which would be built specifically to support apps made with React Native.
How React Native is different from other cross-platform tools
If you're new to React Native, it's an open source project started by Facebook. It allows developers to build cross-platform mobile apps using JavaScript. It works very similarly to React, Facebook's popular JavaScript library for building single page web applications.
I've always been skeptical of tools that advertise themselves as cross-platform for mobile. All too often you end up with a look, feel, and performance that doesn't quite match the native platform.
React Native is not like other mobile app development frameworks, such as Ionic or Cordova. Those run inside of a web view, or an “HTML5 app,” or a “hybrid app.”
You build a high performance mobile app that is indistinguishable from one that is built using Swift/Objective-C or Java.
That being said, it is still important to understand the intricacies and differences between platforms. The user experience for Android and iOS is fundamentally different, and you still need to build your app in a way that will feel natural on both platforms.
In addition, if there is ever a feature that you need to add that is not yet supported by the React Native library, React Native makes it easy to write your own Native Module in the corresponding language, which can then be linked to your React Native codebase.
How To Get Started
Personally, I used this Udemy course to get started. It served as a nice refresher of react and redux, and was helpful for getting setup.
And recently Facebook released Create React Native App. This tool further simplifies the initial setup process.
Working my way through the Udemy Course
If you're already familiar with React, you can probably dive straight into the documentation. For only $10 however, the course is a bargain and walks you through the process of making four mobile apps as well as common components that you can reuse in future projects.
Udemy also offers a course covering Advanced React Native Concepts, for those already familiar with the platform.
Styling in React Native
Styling in React Native takes some getting used to. React Native heavily uses CSS flexbox, something that I was not particularly comfortable with, even coming from a web background.
Luckily there are already some fantastic resources to learn about flexbox:
How flexbox works — explained with big, colorful, animated gifs
React Native Layout Examples
A fun game to help you practice: Flexbox Froggy
After working with React Native for a few weeks, I now have a much better understanding of flexbox, which I can apply to my next web project.
The current best practice is to create a styles object for each component, then apply it via inline-styles. Keep in mind that you are not actually writing CSS, so the naming of properties is a little different as well.
Another key difference is that you cannot use HTML tags in your javascript, because you are writing code to run on a phone, rather than in a browser. Instead, components are built with a set of base level components provided by the React Native library.
It takes a little getting used to, but before you know it you'll find yourself accidentally using a <View></View> tag in place of a <div></div> in your next web app.
To get a better feel for how all of this works, take a peek at the code for a simple button component below.
Here's the GitHub gist.
Navigation
Navigation is one of the few areas of React Native where there is not a consensus on a clear solution.
React Router has become the standard library of choice for the React community, but there are a number of libraries floating around in the React Native community.
Personally I used the React Native Router Flux library for my project which worked just fine. But I can see how you might run into some bigger issues on more complex projects.
Luckily, React Native has already developed a massive community. New versions of the project are released every month, so I am confident that issues like navigation will be solved over time.
Developer Experience Matters
The ability to share code between Android and iOS applications is undoubtedly a draw of React Native, but it is only a small part of what makes the tool so incredible.
My favorite part of using React Native is the ability to reload immediately. I have used Android Studio in the past, and commonly had to deal with 30–60 second build times.
This saves time and I found it easier to get into a flow state without those pesky build times to disrupt me.
Hi I'm Taylor. Hot Reloading changed my life. Source: Facebook
React Native makes mobile development fun again, and that alone is enough of a reason to try it out for your next project.
Be Willing To Explore
React Native is a perfect example of what can happen when we apply ideas that have proven successful in one area of software (web), to a seemingly separate area (mobile).
As Haseeb Quereshi convincingly argued in his talk on convergence, as software engineers we should be converging on certain principles, languages and tools that can be successfully applied universally.
We should want to find what really is the optimal solution.
“Keep your identity small” — Paul Graham
Often times we become overly dogmatic within a community, which comes at the cost of gaining important insights from outside communities.
Go explore other areas.
If you try out React Native, you'll see just how awesome the results can be.
Image caption The US sees Islamist militants in Somalia as a security threat
The US is supplying drone aircraft to Uganda and Burundi to help them fight Islamist militants in Somalia, its defence officials have told the BBC.
The four drones will be part of a $45m (£28m) military aid package aid to the two countries.
Uganda and Burundi contribute the 9,000 troops to an African peace force in Somalia battling Islamists that control much of the country.
The US sees Somalia as an al-Qaeda haven in East Africa.
Air strikes
The US military command for Africa (Africom) confirmed to the BBC that the Pentagon plan was to strengthen Uganda's and Burundi's counter-terrorism capabilities.
The military aid is to include body armour, night-vision gear, communications and surveillance systems.
The al-Shabab Islamist group, which has links to al-Qaeda, control large swathes of southern and central Somalia, including parts of the capital, Mogadishu.
Analysts say Somalia's weak interim government relies heavily on the African Union peacekeepers to stave off the threat posed by al-Shabab.
There have been US air strikes on al-Shabab in the past, and a US special operations team killed Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan, one of the most senior leaders of al-Qaeda's East Africa cell, inside Somalia in 2009.
The US has a military base in neighbouring Djibouti where some 3,000 US troops, as well as armour, aircraft and drones are based.
Somalia has been without an effective central government since the fall of Siad Bare in 1991.
The head of Wind Mobile says he will take another look at buying Mobilicity if U.S. telecom giant Verizon puts off buying his company and its struggling, small competitor.
CEO and chairman Anthony Lacavera says his AAL Group will rethink the possible purchase of Mobilicity since there could be one less bidder for it, according to a story in Thursday's Globe and Mail.
Verizon has postponed its decision on buying either Mobilicity or Wind Mobile until next year, according to the Globe and Mail, and will instead focus on whether to take part in January's much-anticipated auction of the 700 MHz spectrum.
Verizon touched off a storm of controversy when it said it might enter Canada by buying Wind Mobile or Mobilicity, young upstarts that have struggled under the dominance of the country's biggest telecom companies, Bell, Rogers and Telus.
Ottawa says more competition will be good for consumers while the Big 3 have cried foul over what they say is preferential treatment of a foreign competitor. They are running a massive ad campaign aimed at swaying public opinion against Verizon and Ottawa.
Verizon may have changed tactics
Companies have until Sept. 17 to sign up for the spectrum auction, which will begin Jan. 14.
Verizon may have lost interest in Canada because of the furor, or may have changed tactics, according to a note from Dvai Ghose, head of Canadian research at Canaccord Genuity.
Going to auction after buying a company would force Verizon to purchase 700 MHz spectrum "almost regardless of valuation," or be stuck with Wind and Mobilicity's current, less desirable AWS spectrum, Ghose wrote.
"We wondered why Verizon would want to acquire Wind and Mobilicity ahead of the auction and thereby potentially become a ‘hostage' to the auction," he added.
The auction and the available blocks of "prime" 700 MHz spectrum — radio waves needed to operate cellphone networks — are potential game-changers for mobile operators. It is the most significant sale of wireless airwaves since 2008.
Verizon, one of the largest mobile service providers in the world, would nonetheless face significant challenges in Canada, according to Ghose, including possible regulatory red tape, lack of distribution and costly upgrades to operations at Wind and Mobilicity.
Shares of Canada's big three surged following word of Verizon's reported change of direction. By mid-afternoon Telus was up 4.6 per cent to $32.19 on the Toronto Stock Exchange, while Rogers rose 4.5 per cent to $42.25. In New York, Bell was up 1.9 per cent to $41.27.
Verizon stock was down less than one per cent to $48.49 US.
MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Wednesday defended police officers who killed a detained mayor on a list of top drug suspects even after another law enforcement agency concluded the death was an extrajudicial killing.
Philippine Pesident Rodrigo Duterte (L) stands to attention next to new Armed Forces chief General Eduardo Ano during the singing of Philippine national anthem at a military camp in Quezon city, Metro Manila, December 7, 2016. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
The National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) on Tuesday disputed a police account that the mayor from central Leyte Province, Rolando Espinosa, was killed in a shootout in a jail when police came to search for guns and drugs last month.
The bureau described Espinosa's killing as a “rub out”.
“I will have to defend them,” Duterte said during a ceremony at the main army base in the capital, Manila, referring to the police officers.
“I will listen to the story and I will take it as the true version ... because they are under me, I should believe them.”
Earlier, Duterte had put Espinosa's name on a list of top drug suspects. The mayor, who denied involvement in narcotics, was arrested on Oct. 5 on drugs and firearms charges.
Police said Espinosa and a fellow prisoner, Raul Yap, fired at a police team that had come to search their cells. Police returned fire and killed them.
Police say 2,004 people have been shot and killed by officers in self-defense during anti-drug operations since the president took office on July 1.
Espinosa's killing was also investigated by senators, who doubted the police version of events because they said there were many inconsistencies in the official report and witness accounts.
Duterte said he did not believe the investigation done by the NBI because they had no credible witnesses.
“As a matter of fact, I'm ready to go to jail for them, no problem,” he added.
Investigators have filed murder cases against 21 police officers in connection with Espinosa's death.
Tuesday of the second week is when the big guns come to town. The ground having been prepared for them by their officials, the Presidents, Prime Ministers and Ministers arrive to strut their stuff. Entourages sweep rapidly by the onlookers into various rooms as the multiple strands of the COP20 begin to either knit together or unravel in disharmony. It is too early yet to say which will be the fate of COP20 but certainly the commencement of the “High Level Ministerial Events” is also designed to inject urgency into the proceedings.
Urgency has been the watchword of the UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon for many years and again he reiterated the need for decisive action today. He recalled the massive global demonstrations surrounding the September summit in New York and how all sectors of society, public, private and civil, needed to be intimately involved in addressing the problem. The platform party he was part of today though was heavily weighted in favour of the developing countries and the flavour therefore was quite different from the polite backslapping which sometimes characterises the commencement of the high level phase.
As was the case in other COPs, the star of the show today was once again President Evo Morales from neighbouring Bolivia. Now in his third term, this first President of Bolivia to emerge from the indigenous population, Evo has always been a fiery and compelling orator and his speech today did not disappoint. Climate change, he argued, is a consequence of a brutal capitalistic system based on wealth concentration for the few at the expense of poverty for the masses. The endless quest for free trade areas and what he termed the ‘simulation' of national climate agreements, he argued, would not solve a more deep rooted problem whereby people and ‘Mother Earth' become commodities to be sacrificed on the altar of profit. The resonance with the Inca goddess Pachamama was clear. Although perceived as being a benevolent deity to the indigenous people of the Andes, Pachamama is also seen by them as nature itself. Problems arise when people take too much from nature because they are taking too much from Pachamama.
To Evo, the policy of war, based on greed for resources, further fuels climate change. A mere 20% of the defence budgets of the top five countries, he claimed, would suffice to solve 50% of the global climate change problem. Instead the machinery of death, as he called it, also kills the planet. A reorganisation of society based on meeting community needs rather than profit generation was the only way to stop the destruction of Mother Earth he argued. Pending this, an International Tribunal for Climate justice should be established. Whether or not you agreed with him, there was no denying the quality and sincerity of the person and the depth of his interpretation of the complexity of the ‘wicked' problem of climate change.
Two other speakers from the Alliance of Small Island States also made telling speeches. The President of Nauru expressed the fact that adaptation to climate change was no longer possible in some instances, a theme further developed by the Prime Minister of Tuvalu. In a moving speech he asked the question “What would you do if you were in my shoes as the leader of a country whose culture and people faced extinction?” While the national delegates listened politely, I wonder if they had the same sentiments as one negotiator I talked to recently who informed me that science and ethics did not matter; all that mattered was their brief to protect their own national interest. One of the quotes from the Prime Minister of Tuvalu though sticks in my head. Adapted from Dante's Inferno (how appropriate!) it is that “The darkest places in Hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality at times of moral crisis.”
The scene having been set, the Ministerial slots of 7 minutes per country now commence over the next 2 days. Mostly this is a recitation of what good things each country can boast about. The cumulative effect however is that global emissions continue to rise even faster that the IPCC worst case scenario. The increased effort called for by Ban Ki Moon is not yet in evidence. Certainly the short presentation by the new EU Commissioner for Climate Action and Energy, Miguel Cañete, did not lift the spirits very much. Tomorrow we await John Kerry and also the contribution of Ireland's Minister for Communications, Energy and Natural Resources, Alex White. In both cases, actions are hoped for that confirm that the time for protecting national interests at the expense of the global community is over. Otherwise perhaps the reach of Pachamama may extend adversely beyond the Andes, even to the next generation of Ireland's children.
Prof. John Sweeney, Lima, 10th December 2014
THREE young people are lucky to be alive after a spectacular crash in Sydney's North West overnight.
A Mitsubishi went airborne off a garden retaining wall, bounced in a front yard, before landing on top of a Honda sedan shortly after midnight on Sunday morning.
The male driver of the white Mitsubishi allegedly ran from the scene, deserting his two young female passengers.
media_camera Emergency crews work to remove the cars after the crash at West Pennant Hills. Picture: Gordon McComiskie
media_camera The white Mitsubishi became airborne before landing on a car parked in a driveway. Picture: Gordon McComiskie
The car was driving down Aiken Road in West Pennant Hills when it mounted the kerb, smashed through an electrical box, and destroyed a fence.
It then went airborne from a retaining wall, flipping before crushing landscaping equipment which happened to be parked in the front yard of the house on Aiken Road.
Miraculously, the car somehow kept going, landing upright on top of another sedan in the driveway.
media_camera Police speak with witnesses after the crash. Picture: Gordon McComiskie
media_camera A father comforts his daughter who was a passenger in the car. The driver fled. Picture: Gordon McComiskie
It also smashed the house's garage wall in, causing structural damage.
The two female passengers could not remember how the car had caused so much damage yet had apparently injured no one.
The pair said they completely blacked out during the dramatic scene.
The family inside the house were suddenly woken to “big, big bang” and wailing car alarm in the otherwise quiet suburban street.
“I thought it was a bad dream,” she said.
media_camera Neighbouring residents gather at the scene. Picture: Gordon McComiskie
media_camera The crash caused significant damage to the garage. Picture: Gordon McComiskie
She said the young women were waiting outside their home but the alleged driver of the car had vanished.
“Coming out to see that, I thought someone must have been hurt. I came out and tried to help the girls, but the girls said they were okay.”
They said it was remarkable that none of the occupants appeared to have sustained injuries, and the car had landed in an upright position, rather than continuing to roll.
The family said the young women apologised for their friend who crashed into their home.
Police from the Hills Local Area command are now pursuing inquiries as to the identity of the alleged missing driver.
Firefighters attended the scene and stabilised the garage wall.
He estimates that the nation has previously defined itself based on its unwavering faith in education – in that such a small nation can only find success through a high level of education; in strong work ethos – in that diligence and perseverance will guarantee well-being and income stability; and in equality.
Finns have been drawn into a struggle to re-define their national identity while the country is preparing to commemorate the centennial of its independence in 2017, gauges Markku Kangaspuro, the director of research at the Aleksanteri Institute.
“We're now being told that this is no longer possible. A major shift has taken place in the rhetoric of how we describe Finnishness,” he states.
Kangaspuro identifies two distinct discourses in the public debate that seek to re-define Finnishness. “One mainstream option is what I'd label a school of Social Darwinism, that we should widen the income gap. We can no longer afford the Nordic [welfare] society and have to give it up. The universal rights of the welfare state no longer belong to everyone, nor is it the obligation of the country to offer them,” he analyses.
Another discourse to emerge from the rumbling debate about immigration is to deny the equality of people and place them on an unequal footing based on their religion or country of origin.
“Economic arguments are one way to justify this. We can no longer afford to treat everyone equally because the economy is in dire straits, our citizens and the welfare system are in danger, and we're pouring money into Greece. It's quite harsh,” says Kangaspuro.
He reminds that the debate about the definition of Finnishness is not, as such, exceptional or surprising but a rather natural consequence of the prevalent circumstances in Finland.
“We're no longer a country that exports high technology with Nokia, the forest industry and metals industry as the bedrocks of our economy. We're mired in recession. We wanted to believe the euro would create economic stability. We've characteristically wanted to be at the core of Europe, a member of the eurozone, more European than the Europeans,” he explains.
“What I mean by social crisis are the record-long lines for food aid meandering across Helsinki, the increase in deprivation and poverty. It's true in this respect that the welfare state is crumbling […]. We're no longer debating what kind of social reforms to implement but where to cut spending,” he continues.
As the debate rumbles on, another one is brewing about the position of Finland in Europe and the European Union, according to Kangaspuro. Finland set its sights on the core of Europe in the late 1990s and later on the eurozone, but recently the rationale behind the pursuit has been called into question.
Kangaspuro estimates that the failure to deliver on economic promises has made it possible to challenge the European concepts of democracy and human rights.
Finland has also found itself unusually at odds with Russia due to the crisis in Ukraine.
“The Ukraine crisis is sort of a concrete sign of us ending up on the opposite side of the front-line with Russia for the first time since World War II. It has created confusion about what to do in our situation. We approved of the sanctions and, as part of the EU, have appealed to Russia, but we still have to live with Russia. We have a long and successful history of coping with Russia – with its various rulers – but one of the basic settings changed after the crisis in Ukraine and complicated the situation,” Kangaspuro says.
“It seems to culminate primarily in the question of military alignment and Nato. What kind of consequences should the changes in our situation have for security policy-making? This clearly calls for a thorough debate.”
“It is my opinion that we've lost our way on several issues,” concludes Kangaspuro.
Aleksi Teivainen – HT
Photo: Heikki Saukkomaa – Lehtikuva
Source: Uusi Suomi
Cameron Dollar had just two wining seasons during his eight years at Seattle University where he was was 107-138.
After eight seasons, Seattle University is parting ways with men's basketball coach Cameron Dollar.
The school formally announced Dollar's dismissal Monday afternoon. Dollar had a 107-138 (.437) record with the Redhawks after taking the job in 2009. He was 17-14 in his first year and had just one more winning season, an 18-16 campaign in 2014-15.
“I made promises to a lot of people that I was committed to seeing this through,” Dollar said in a Twitter post. “It's like parents getting divorced, the players are the ones caught in the middle of an unfortunate ending. Seattle University is well within its right to end our relationship.
“It takes a group effort to get the level of success we all yearned for. Unfortunately we weren't able to achieve that type of collaboration.”
Speculation about Dollar's next move began to spread quickly Monday.
The former UCLA guard who won a national title in 1995 rose to prominence in the coaching ranks as a Washington assistant under coach Lorenzo Romar. Dollar's return to Montlake could potentially help Romar, whose job status is uncertain following a 9-22 record this season and a six-year NCAA tournament drought.
CBS Sports first reported Dollar's dismissal early Monday afternoon. Seattle U says it will conduct a national search for Dollar's successor.
“I am grateful to Coach Dollar and his staff for their dedication and commitment to the mission and values of Seattle University, especially with their emphasis on the personal development of the young men who have come through the program,” Seattle U athletic director Shaney Fink said in a news release. “However, after thorough evaluation, I have decided that a change in leadership is necessary in order to achieve the full potential of our men's basketball program.”
During his first three years, Seattle U was an independent program as the team made the transition to Division I after a 29-year hiatus. The Redhawks joined the WAC in 2012 and never finished higher than fourth in the eight-team conference.
They were 13-17 overall this season and sixth in the WAC at 5-9.
Dollar's tenure may best be remembered for a run to the 2015 WAC tournament title game where the Redhawks came within a game of the NCAA tournament before losing to top-seeded New Mexico State, 80-61.
Seattle U played in the College Basketball Invitational and advanced to the semifinals following a victory at home over Colorado. It was SU's first nonconference Division I postseason game since 1969.
The Redhawks returned to the CBI in 2016, but lost in the first round.
Media retailer Books-A-Million is apparently converting its Oxford store into a 2nd & Charles location.
The 2nd & Charles website is advertising a location as "coming soon" at the same address as the current Books-A-Million store at 900 South Quintard, directly across from Quintard Mall.
The company has not commented yet on any plans, but an employee confirmed for the Anniston Star that the change is in the works.
Last month, the retailer announced it will open a 23,000-square-foot location this summer on 8050 U.S. 72 West in Madison.
2nd & Charles is a division of Birmingham-based Books-A-Million which was founded in 2010.
The company accepts trade-ins on a number of items, including books, DVDs and Blu-ray, CDs, video games and gaming systems, comics, iPads and iPods, vinyl records, eReaders and more.
2nd & Charles has two other Alabama stores in Hoover and Dothan. In total, there are 36 locations in 17 states.
UPDATE May 24, 2009 – CANNES 2009 WINNERS
Michael Haneke' “The White Ribbon” (“Das Weisse Band“) won Palme d'Or!
“The White Ribbon” (“Das Weisse Band“) directed and written by Michael Haneke is in competition for Palme d'Or at 62nd Cannes Film Festival.
The movie stars Susanne Lothar, Ulrich Tukur, Theo Trebs, Michael Schenk, Leonie Benesch, Josef Bierbichler, Rainer Bock, Christian Friedel, Burghart Klaussner, Steffi Kuhnert and Ursina Lardi.
Cannes best director winner Michael Haneke's (“Cache,” 2005) the latest focuses on a rural German school in 1913, which seems to be the sight of ritual punishment.
The story of the children and teenagers of a choir run by the village schoolteacher, and their families: the baron, the steward, the pastor, the doctor, the midwife, the tenant farmers.
Strange accidents occur and gradually take on the character of a punishment ritual. Does the ritual punishment have an affect on the school system and is this a precursor to the rise of fascism?
Reviews sound fantastic so this could be easily Palme d'Or winner.
“…The film works on several levels – as a story of hypocritical adults and their unbalanced children, a picture of patriarchal community life and a snapshot of how 20th century Germany was shaped…
“…Of course, this being Haneke, there is nothing as simple as a reveal in which the culprits are unveiled. Instead, he takes pleasure in the tensions along the way and the catastrophic repression behind every sentence uttered. The villagers of The White Ribbon are quite the most disturbed ensemble of characters to emerge from a film-maker's mind in some years…
“…But all is not as straightforward as it seems. The possibility that the children themselves have become monsters bears chilling implications for the events which will take place in Germany over the following 30 years.” ScreenDaily
“Pairing visual mastery with a quietly immersive story, “The White Ribbon” plays like a morbid version of “Our Town,” patiently revealing the inward discord beneath the surface of a settled community. It's a frightening depiction of mortality.” IndieWire
“…This dark, dark indictment of the Protestent German psyche in a small rural village as Europe hurtles to war should be a must-see for arthouse audiences everywhere…” Screen DailyBlog – Fionnuala Halligan
“…Perhaps closest to his two-part 1979 TV film “Lemmings” that scrutinizes the ills passed down from generation to generation, but similar as well to a number of his other pictures, including his 2004 international hit “Cache” (Hidden), in its refusal to clearly solve the deadly central mystery, this ironically titled film goes beyond its general analysis of humanity to implicitly suggest some tendencies in the German character and culture that could point to certain developments in the subsequent three decades…
…Marbled in between such occurrences are slashing glimpses of village life, including the pastor's brutal caning of his children over a mild disturbance; a woman's frustration at a musical accompanist who can't keep up; and a little boy's questioning of his nanny about death, in the course of which he learns that his own mother, supposedly away on a long trip, is no longer living. The rare expression of genuine childhood innocence and good will is occasionally tolerated, but more often squashed, by the grown-ups, but even children's own true nature comes increasingly under a cloud, to the point where “The White Ribbon” feels like a thematic companion piece to “Lord of the Flies.” Variety
“It's turning out to be an uncommonly interesting Cannes competition. Festival regular Michael Haneke (Funny Games, Code Unknown, The Piano Teacher, Hidden) returns to the Croisette this year with an extraordinary, rigorous drama set in a small village in Protestant Northern Germany in the years before the First World War.
Shot in sober black and white, with no musical score and told with a stately and deliberate pace, The White Ribbon is infused with a fascinatingly austere cruelty.” TimesOnline
“…Once the film comes to a close, you might be asking the same questions as early on: why are we watching these people? Why do they behave as they do? Who is behind a series of crimes they suffer?…” TimeOut
Some clips are available but in German and with French subtitles.
In this clip below a little boy's questioning about death, in the course of which he learns that his own mother, supposedly away on a long trip, is no longer living.
You can find more clips from “The White Ribbon” at Films Du Losange
[flv]http://www.filmsdulosange.fr/video/cannes09/ruban_ext1.m4v[/flv]
Presidential candidates will do pretty much anything to win over New Hampshire voters. In the case of John Kasich, he'll even dig a grave for your dead dog.
Kasich, the governor of Ohio, entered the Republican presidential race two weeks ago to plenty of buzz. But during his first, long-forgotten presidential campaign in 2000, Kasich went to extraordinary lengths to endear himself to one supporter -- helping her bury the beloved canine that she ran over and killed while preparing to host the candidate at a tea party.
The story is now lore in New Hampshire. And for Linda Kaiser, the departed pup's owner, it made her a Kasich supporter for life.
Who is presidential candidate John Kasich?
The year was 1999, and Kasich, then an ambitious congressman, was in the early days of his underdog campaign for the Republican presidential nomination.
Kaiser had agreed to host a house party for the candidate at her home in the picturesque town of Amherst. As she rushed out to grab a bag of ice for the lemonade and iced tea she was planning to serve, the day took a morbid turn.
"I started backing up, and I hit something, and it felt like a rock. I said to myself, 'Oh my god, there is no rock in my driveway.'" It was her dog, Magic. "He looked at me with the most surprised look on his face, and then he died," Kaiser told CBS News.
Kaiser recalled "freaking out" as she rushed to call her friends and her husband to notify them that she had just killed the family's 18-year-old dog just one hour before Kasich's arrival.
Her girlfriends rushed over and took over hostess duties. They put Magic's body in the garage and covered him with a towel.
Then Kasich called.
"We are running a little late. Is everything fine?" he asked her.
"Well, everything is fine, other than the fact that I just killed the family dog," Kaiser explained.
"Do you want to cancel?"
"Goodness - no chance," she recalled telling him. "I'll just stay a little out of sight."
Kasich soon arrived, gave his remarks, answered questions and mingled until all of the guests had left. He was scheduled to attend another event after the house party, but took everyone by surprise when he announced a schedule change.
"I'm not walking out of here until we bury this dog," Kasich said, according to Kaiser.
Wearing a suit and carrying a shovel, Kasich and one of his staffers dug a grave in her backyard and buried the dead dog.
"We had a little service; it was so sweet and touching," Kaiser said.
While the eventual nominee that election year, George W. Bush, came across as "very distant," Kasich was a "normal, great person," Kaiser said.
Kaiser, who identified herself as an independent voter, never got another dog after Magic. But she said she's thrilled that the pooch-friendly candidate - Kasich's first campaign website prominently featured photos of his dog, Penny Bird - is running again.
"I walked up to him, and said hello and he gave me this huge hug," Kaiser said of seeing Kasich again in New Hampshire this past month.
Kasich's campaign did not respond to a CBS request for comment about the legend of Magic.
The NDA is over: let's talk about Mango.
Over the past week I have been in the possession of a Samsung Focus running a mostly functioning version of the Windows Phone 7 update generally called ‘Mango.' No, I didn't find it in a bar, Microsoft mailed it to me. And no, you can't touch it.
The phones that Microsoft lent out for testing do not contain a full Mango build, but are instead running a mostly complete edition. Certain elements of Mango are simply turned off, as they were deemed not yet ready for review. This is a shame, but I can understand Microsoft's reticence to allow the press play with features that are simply still half-baked.
Obviously, this means that there are certain parts of Mango that I cannot comment on because my Mangoed handset does not contain them.
That aside, I have a number of observations based on my testing that have implications for WP7 as a platform, and for all WP7 fans who might be worried about the future of the phone line. This is not an exhaustive walk through of Mango, feature by feature. That would take 10,000 words. Instead, this post is an anthology of what stood out to me in daily use.
What you find to be compelling in Mango might be different. If there is something that you would like me to cover, send an email to alex@thenextweb.com and I'll either post about the feature, or email you notes if it is too small to warrant a write-up. Finally, recall that it remains impossible to take screenshots with WP7, so there will be little in the way of images in the pages below.
Now, let's begin.
Mango: It's Delicious
To put it simply: Mango is what WP7 should have been when it was first released. Mango fills out the operating system, irons out problems that have been bothersome since the launch of the phone line, all while adding the features that have been most conspicuously missing.
If you like the direction that WP7 has been moving in, then Mango will be exactly what you have been waiting for. If you don't like WP7, and find it to be simplistic, Mango is not going to change your mind in the slightest; the update is Microsoft doubling down on their initial strategy and refining it into a market-ready product.
When WP7 came out, many reviews noted that the software felt a touch ‘beta.' Mango is the solution to that, and it shows in every inch of the build.
You can find an expansive Mango feature list here.
IE9 Mobile is miles ahead of IE7 Mobile
One of the most important upgrades to WP7 coming in Mango is Internet Explorer Mobile 9. Current WP7 handsets run a IE7 variant that is clunky, slow, and renders poorly. It's a drag, literally.
IE9 Mobile in Mango is a wonderful change. As I went directly from a NoDo'd Focus to a Mangoed Focus, I have a clear picture of current WP7 browsing compared to Mango browsing. IE9 is faster, and has the compliance chops to not butcher your favorite pages.
Also in IE9 Mobile Microsoft moved the URL bar to the bottom of the screen, making it easier to snag with your thumb. I didn't expect this to be much of a change, but in practice it is actually quite useful. All in all browsing with IE9 has solved the quirks and problems that were present in IE7. Microsoft will drone on about hardware acceleration, something that has yet to truly prove itself in regards to the mobile web, but general browsing is now no longer a pain. And it's about time.
I would stack IE9 mobile favorably against both of the browsers in iOS and Android, something that I would not have said with IE7 Mobile.
You can read our previous coverage of Internet Explorer 9 Mobile here.
UI tweaks are coming
Throughout the Mango build, minor user interface tweaks abound. By way of a few examples, the volume bar has been reworked and is actually now quite pretty. The splash screen has been adapted, and so forth.
There are more, but this is a small point that we merely wanted to inform you of. It's not a shocking difference, but you notice the changes as you run through the OS. I didn't see any changes that I disliked, for what it's worth.
Bing's upgrades are eminently usable
Bing's new Vision, Audio, and Local features are all usable, and convenient. After swearing various scientists (two physicists and and a chemist) in my family to secrecy, we had a number of contests between their iPhones and Android handsets, and my Mangoed Focus, and found what all offer to be roughly equivalent. However, we agreed in the end that as my phone had the features integrated, it had an edge.
Now, sadly, certain parts of Bing Vision are disabled on the unit that I was lent, but what I could test worked quite well. Translation through Bing Vision, similar to what Google Goggles offers, is so powerful that it almost feels like a magic trick. I suspect that it will be a community favorite once Mango makes it to market.
You can read our previous coverage of the coming Bing upgrade here.
Multitasking is a go
Multitasking. You've seen the demos. It works. It's fast. You are going to love it. There is nothing else to say, except that faster app switching will reduce your brow furrowing. It's nice, but not huge.
Mobile podcast support is useful, but niche
During an interesting phone call with the WP7 team, they pointed out the new mobile podcast downloading and management functions that Mango contains. I was surprised, as I have always assumed that podcasts are very niche. To the contrary, I was told, it was a requested feature.
If it's your thing, Mango's podcast support is top-notch. You can even, ahem, find TNW's podcast in there. No really, you can, so go download it.
Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook Chat integration
Much to my chagrin, Twitter and LinkedIn integration into the People hub, and Facebook chat were disabled in my demo unit. I'm sure that you were looking for a few notes on those items, but I can't comment. I did make a point of complaining. If Microsoft does provide a firmware update to this focus (I'm now running a special, off-market version of Zune to handle Mango on the phone), I'll do a full post on the matter.
I can report that the Twitter app for WP7 is still utter tosh, if that helps, but you already knew that.
Search, it's everywhere
Microsoft is pushing soft search buttons in applications, as the dedicated search button on the phone is strictly for Bing. This is a very useful campaign. There is a search button now in between the homescreen and application list which reacts to each letter you type in, almost like Google Instant, but for installed apps and not web pages. If you enjoy testing apps, and have a slew installed, this is going to be a small, but consistent time saver.
Mango also features more siloed search, keeping apps, music, and so forth separate in the Marketplace, allowing for much cleaner searching. This is very useful for finding content without pulling your hair out, the experience that was quite the norm before Mango. I'm actually worried about going back to my NoDo'd phone when Microsoft asks for me to send back this loaner.
Conclusion
I could go on about Office, Xbox LIVE integration, and so forth, but as we are racing past 1,000 words I am going to cut this short. Mango is a fine upgrade to the WP7 platform, and one that will bring it neck and neck with the current offerings from Apple and Google. If that will still be the case when Mango actually lands late this year remains to be seen, and if Mango can sustain WP7 for a full year is not a settled question. I think, after having most of it for a week, that Mango will hold up well. Especially if Microsoft manages a smooth roll out for the upgrade to current WP7 owners.
WP7 is a different approach to the smartphone than the one taken by iOS and Android, and Mango is the first full iteration of the WP7 aesthetic. If it does well, Microsoft will have struck a nerve. If not, it's mobile future is over.
Based on what you have read, sound off in the comments if you think that Microsoft is moving in the right direction.
Of course, be sure and check out the archives to see all of our Mango coverage.
Read next: Nokia unveils N9: the world's first all screen phone, powered by Meego
Has Empire State Pride Agenda's farewell message hurt the LGBTQ movement?
Something happened earlier this week that stunned many longtime LGBTQ advocates. On Dec. 12, Empire State Pride Agenda, New York state's leading LGBTQ policy advocacy group, announced that it was winding down operations.
An advocacy organization closing up shop isn't in itself all that surprising. Nonprofits frequently fold, often due to lack of funds or instability in leadership. What was surprising was the spin the organization chose to put on the announcement. According to the group's press release, its leadership “determined that the Pride Agenda has achieved its top policy goals, and are proud that the organization's achievements in the last quarter century have profoundly changed the lives of more than 1.5 million LGBT New Yorkers and their families, and set an example for the entire nation.”
Wait. What?
Although it's true that Empire State Pride Agenda, the state of New York, and the LGBTQ movement as a whole have come a very long way, we're frankly shocked by the organization's declaration of “mission accomplished.” This announcement exacerbates the perception that once same-sex marriage became legal nationally, there was no LGBTQ equality work left to do. This perception is both wrong and dangerous.
Let's start with the state of New York and look at how well it protects (or doesn't protect) its transgender residents from discrimination. Although the state has an anti-discrimination law that protects lesbian, gay, and bisexual people (SONDA, the Sexual Orientation Nondiscrimination Act), that law was passed in 2002 without protections for transgender New Yorkers. That was due in large part to strategic decisions made by—you guessed it—Empire State Pride Agenda, which decided to jettison pushing for trans protections in the law in exchange for more expedient passage of the bill. This decision drew furious criticism from many in the LGBTQ community, and it is one that a former ESPA executive director has said publicly that he regrets.
Fast-forward to today, and there are still no statutory protections for trans New Yorkers. After 15 years of advocates trying in vain to return to the legislature to fix SONDA, Gov. Andrew Cuomo has put a Band-Aid on the problem by issuing an executive order extending protections to trans folks. The problem with that solution is that an executive order can be rescinded following regime change in Albany, so the protections extended to trans New Yorkers are far flimsier than those extended to gays and lesbians. In other words, after failing transgender New Yorkers in the first instance, Empire State is doing it again—even though transgender people face discrimination at astounding rates.
Along the same lines, much work remains for transgender and gender nonconforming students in New York. Although New York is one of the minority of states that protects students from discrimination based on gender identity, the reality is that harassment, threats, and violence are still the norm. A report issued earlier this year by the New York Civil Liberties Union documents these problems in detail. By saying that its work is done, Empire State is ignoring the fact that laws are often insufficient by themselves to improve the lives of real people. More work needs to be done to be sure that the laws are implemented to carry out their intended goals.
Next, let's move on to how well New York recognizes alternative family structures. Frankly, the situation is pretty bad. For example, in New York, compensated surrogacy is actually criminalized. That's right—if New York couples (often gay men) want to create a family through surrogacy, they have to leave the state in order to evade the law. Lawyers who try to write surrogacy contracts in New York can be convicted of a felony. A New York state legislator has recently introduced a legislative fix for this, and—up until now—had the support of Empire State Pride Agenda. But now, before any fix has been implemented, Empire State Pride Agenda is no longer; it's apparently walked off the job when it comes to advocating for gay men who want to create families using their own genetic material.
These are just a few of the ways that Empire State Pride Agenda's message about its closure doesn't make logical sense for the people of New York. But this message also matters to everyone in the country who cares about achieving equality for LGBTQ people.
One of the great fears of LGBTQ activists has been that, once the Supreme Court decided that marriage equality was the law of the land, people would believe that the gay rights movement was over, because all LGBTQ people's problems were solved. Notwithstanding the fact that—among many other issues—there are no national laws protecting against discrimination, LGBTQ youth suffer in a multitude of ways, trans individuals are disproportionately victims of violence and imprisonment, and marriage equality has raised a whole host of new family law issues for LGBTQ people, activists worried that a high-profile win from the Supreme Court would give people the impression that everything, to quote the song, is now awesome when it comes to LGBTQ rights in America.
Empire State Pride Agenda's decision to spin its dissolution as “mission accomplished” contributes to that grave misimpression. When one of the nation's most influential LGBTQ rights organizations says that nothing more of any substance remains to be done, that message reverberates around the country. Any nuance about this being specific to New York (notwithstanding the concerns we raised above) is lost in the national noise machine.
This matters not only for national, state, and local policy, but also for LGBTQ individuals' lives. It's completely conceivable that when someone is discriminated against because of sexual orientation or gender identity, the response from a friend, colleague, neighbor, or random Facebooker might be, “You got what you wanted from the Supreme Court—what are you complaining about now?” Messages like Empire State Pride Agenda's only make this response more likely, which in turn now risks the financial stability of other LGBTQ rights organizations, whose donors may now believe that their dollars are no longer needed.
As former nonprofit civil-rights lawyers, we both understand very well that sometimes organizations can no longer sustain themselves and that there are a myriad of very credible, responsible reasons why a nonprofit might choose to disband. Had Empire State Pride Agenda given any of those reasons for its closure, we would lament its loss—but we would not be writing today.
As it stands, the organization's game-over messaging around this decision holds the potential to do real and lasting damage to the LGBTQ rights movement. We can only hope that new organizations will form in New York to take up the work left undone in the state and across the nation—and that donors can still be convinced that the job is far from finished.
Fellowships
Research Fellowships
ISHR Research Fellowships support individuals engaged in advanced research related to the theory and practice of rhetoric in all periods and languages and the relationship of rhetoric to poetics, literary theory and criticism, philosophy, politics, religion, law, and other aspects of the socio-cultural context. Fellowships may not be used for research designed to further pedagogy in rhetorical speaking and writing.
Fellowships are designed to support research projects that may be completed within one year. Fellowships are for US$5000.00 (or the equivalent) and are delivered to recipients on or about 1 January of the award year. Fellowship recipients are expected to work full time on award projects for at least two months during the award year.
To encourage a younger membership, ISHR will seek to award one of its annual fellowships to a promising graduate student and/or post-doc.
This year's deadline for applications is October 25, 2018.
Eligibility
Applications for Research Fellowships are accepted from researchers regardless of their national or institutional affiliations. Independent scholars, graduate students, and faculty at colleges and universities are eligible to apply. Applicants must be members of ISHR in good standing at the time of their application. Current officers of ISHR are ineligible to apply for Research Fellowships.
Applicants for ISHR research fellowships must be within 10 years of having completed their terminal academic degrees
An individual may submit only one application for a Research Fellowship in a given year. Also, recipients of ISHR grants are not eligible to apply for a Research Fellowship for the subsequent three years (e.g., a successful applicant in the 2011 grants competition is eligible to apply again in the 2015 competition).
Recipients of ISHR Research Fellowships may hold non-ISHR fellowships, grants, or other awards that support the same project during their award year, including sabbaticals and grants from their own institutions.
Application Preparation
Applications must be submitted electronically as email attachments to ISHR in English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, or Latin between 1 September and 25 October (the deadline) in any given year. The address for submissions is grants@ishr-web.org. Research Fellowships are awarded for the next calendar year. Application materials should be submitted as document pages (in Word.docx, Word.doc, rtf, txt, or pdf) using no smaller than 11-point type and margins of one inch (or 2.5 centimeters). Applications which are incomplete or which exceed page limits for individual elements will not be reviewed.
Complete applications consist of five elements:
Application Form CLICK HERE to view the form.) Project Description (no more than three single-spaced pages—A4 or US Letter). The applicant should furnish a scholarly justification for the research proposed for support, explaining its purpose and significance, the materials to be investigated, the approach to be followed, the plan of work, and the expected outcome. If the research project proposed is part of a larger initiative, its relationship to the larger initiative should be specified. The applicant should indicate his or her level of competence in the languages or other research tools at stake in the research. Also, where relevant, the applicant should indicate what arrangements exist for his or her access to research materials and resources essential to the research proposed for support. Finally, the applicant should indicate how he or she plans to disseminate the results of the research (including the language(s) of dissemination). Research Bibliography (no more than one single-spaced page—A4 or US Letter). Primary and secondary sources germane to the project should be listed. Applicants may use the research bibliography to document works cited in the project description. Curriculum vitae (no more than two single-spaced pages—A4 or US Letter). The applicant's curriculum vitae should specify earned degrees, current and past academic appointments, and awards and honors. It should also list publications and presentations (full citations), and other professional accomplishments pertinent to the application. Two Reference Letters (submitted by email to ISHR—in English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, or Latin—no later than 25 October in the year of application). Applicants should secure referees and supply them with relevant materials. Reference letters should comment on the research project proposed for support and the applicant's qualification to undertake that research project. Reference letters should be sent as emails to the following address: grants@ishr-web.org. The subject line of the email should contain the word 'Reference' followed by the applicant's surname.
Application Review
The ISHR Grants Committee reviews applications for Research Fellowships using the following criteria: scholarly significance of the research, quality of the project description, promise of quality of the proposed research, and likelihood of project completion and dissemination of results. Deliberations of the ISHR Grants Committee are confidential and its decisions are final.
Announcement of Awards
Applicants will be notified of the outcome of their applications in December of the application year.
Award Reporting Requirement
Within 180 days of the conclusion of the award year, Research Fellowship recipients must briefly inform the ISHR Grants Committee of the results of research undertaken with Society support. Reports should fit on one single-spaced page and comment upon the research activities undertaken and how such activities have changed the recipient's understanding or approach to the subject matter.
Click here to embiggen this image.
By David Mendoza - Monday, December 15, 2014
Earlier this month, Rob Barry and Coulter Jones of the Wall Street Journal reported that large discrepancies exist between the number of police killings recorded by police agencies and the number of killings reported to the FBI. Between 2007 and 2012, Barry and Jones discovered that 105 of the largest police agencies in America recorded a total of 1,822 police killings, but reported less than 68% of those deaths to the FBI. These results lead the authors to the grim conclusion that “it is nearly impossible to determine how many people are killed by the police each year.” In the wake of several deadly police shootings this year, numerous publications have arrived at the same appalling conclusion.
Police agencies have a variety of explanations for why these inconsistencies occur. Several agencies like the Fairfax County Police Department just decide not to report any police killings to the FBI, which the federal government doesn't actually require them to do. Fairfax County defended its decision by telling the Journal that it didn't believe justifiable police killings were an “actual offense” that should be reported. In other cases, inadequate or outdated technology prevents all agencies in Florida and New York and most agencies in Illinois from reporting any data.
However, among agencies that do report police killings, some of the discrepancies shown in the chart above can be explained by the fact that police killings are reported by the agency where the death occurred. For example, as the Journal noted, “the California Highway Patrol said there were 16 instances in which one of its officers killed someone in a city or other local jurisdiction responsible for reporting the death to the FBI.” This reveals why it only reported 3 — or 16% — of the 19 police killings it recorded in 2012. In other instances, this also explains why other agencies reported more killings than their officers committed. Pennsylvania State Police were only responsible for 16 of the 30 killings it reported to the FBI between 2007 and 2012. The other 14 were committed by outside agencies, according to the Journal.
Regardless of the source of the irregularities in the FBI's data, it demonstrates why we need a law that mandates police agencies to report all police killings it commits each year. Otherwise, we'll be stuck with this flawed and inaccurate measure, leaving us perpetually in the dark about this important trend.
Update: I'd like to thank Hayley Munguia at FiveThirtyEight for featuring my post on this week's Ctrl + ← recap.
"No More Thirsty Crops" was the title of 16 year old Kiara Nirghin's submission to the Google Science Fair's Community Impact Awards for the Middle East and Africa, which she won.
“No More Thirsty Crops” was the title of 16 year old Kiara Nirghin's submission to the Google Science Fair's Community Impact Awards for the Middle East and Africa, which she won.
The 16 year old student from Johannesburg, South Africa invented a polymer that can store reserves of water hundreds of times its own weight using orange peels and avocado skins. This new invention would make farmers capable of storing water reserves at a very low cost. The polymer is made from biodegradable waste products which makes it very sustainable.
South African is currently going through one of the worst droughts in 45 years.
“This matter has to be urgently addressed, with food sources under severe strain and still household food security being a major concern.” Kiara says.
After lots of research the teenager was confident that she could create something to fight the drought. After conducting 3 experiments spanned over 45 days later Kiara was successful in creating a low-cost super absorbent polymer. The ‘Orange peel mixture' is made out of waste products found in the juice manufacturing industry and the only resources involved in creating the mixtures was electricity and time. “Commercially used acrylic SAP retail for around $2,000 to $3,000 per metric ton, whereas the ‘orange peel mixture' could retail at $30 to $60 per metric ton.”
The orange peel SAP contains no chemicals and is fully biodegradable. “The orange peel SAP can easily be reproduced in poorer communities suffering from drought to replenish plants and sustain food security.” Kiara says.
Kiara made the mixture of orange skin and avocado peels and left it in the sun where the mixture formed to create a super absorbent polymer.
Kiara wants to use her ‘orange peel SAP' on a larger scale by applying it to crops such as maize and wheat in poorer communities in South Africa.
A mentor from Google has been assigned to help her develop her Orange peel sap.
“I am extremely delighted with the result that I have created a super absorbent polymer with no chemicals and entirely made out of waste products” Kiara Nirghin
Kiara is confident that the use of her orange peel SAP, food security could increase by 73% in a drought disaster.
She will soon find out if she is one of Google's sixteen global finalists.
Welcome to Health Reform Watch, Sarah Kliff's regular look at how the Affordable Care Act is changing the American health-care system — and being changed by it. You can reach Sarah with questions, comments and suggestions here. Check back every Monday, Wednesday and Friday afternoon for the latest edition, and read previous columns here.
If you've been trying to buy health insurance coverage on the Obamacare marketplace, you're probably quite familiar with the screen above. It asks potential shoppers to hang on a moment because there are "a lot of visitors on the site."
This screen has been a big part of the Affordable Care Act's launch so far: There are lots of people who, in Obamacare's first 36 hours, have had trouble signing in to the new marketplaces. And even if they've gotten in, they've found it difficult to move past the first few screens of the application, where drop-down menus for security questions wouldn't load.
The wait times aren't ideal. Some people who wanted to sign up for Obamacare on launch day couldn't. But though I spent most of Tuesday on the phone with people who were struggling to use the Web site, I don't tend to think these initial glitches will have a significant impact on the law's success.
Everyone I spoke with, even those who couldn't sign up, took nearly the same attitude: I guess I'll come back and try again later.
"I went on at 9 a.m. [Tuesday] morning, and it said it was too busy, to check back later," Steve Martin, a self-employed consultant in Herndon, Va., told me on Tuesday. "I'll try again tomorrow. I'm just super curious, since we're part of the federal exchange, what the rates will be. I have no real sense of that."
"I'll probably check back in a couple of days," Dylan Cole, a 28-year-old stand-up comedian in Idaho, said later in the day. "I'm a geek, so I'm used to trying to buy the new thing on the first day. I guess I'm going to have to wait on this one."
I asked Cole whether the first day's tech glitches would deter him from signing up for the program. "Absolutely not," he said. "It's something I've been looking forward to. It doesn't work the way I want it to today, but that's how brand-new services work online. Unless they're so unpopular that no one wants to use them. They're easy as pie."
The White House says that most of the delays have been a product of overwhelming traffic. The main Web site for the federal marketplace, HealthCare.Gov, has tallied more than 4.7 million visits in the first 24 hours of open enrollment.
Some of the Web developers I've spoken with who have walked me through some of the back-end error messages on the site generally agree that system overload is the big problem for those trying to sign up right now.
"My opinion is that its probably 99 percent capacity right now and not glitches," Dan Katz, vice president for technology at contracting firm Inadev, and a former lead web developer at CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield. "Typically when you're doing capacity you're basing models on previous usage data. For the health insurance exchange, that doesn't exist."
In one example, many applicants have had trouble getting the security questions to load after filling in a username and a password. The drop-down menu to pick a security question shows up as a blank box. On the back end, apparently, the Web site is sending out a request for more information -- but not getting a response back.
"It probably means those systems are not able to handle all the traffic they get, so they crash," says Niek Dekker, one of the Web developers I spoke with. "It's not so much a programming error but a problem with the size of the system."
The federal government says it's fixing this problem, adding more capacity for HealthCare.Gov by the hour. Outside experts estimate that increasing capacity for a project like this should take hours or days, but not necessarily weeks. If we get into mid-October and this slowdown is still a problem, that could spell trouble for the Affordable Care Act.
Other glitches will likely start showing up, too. Some health plan officials told me Wednesday that the federal marketplace is still having trouble calculating the premium tax credits that low- and middle income Americans could receive. Though, right now, a lot of people aren't even getting that far in the process to notice the issue.
Jon Tucci was far and away the most frustrated person who I spoke with Tuesday about the online glitches with the marketplace. He's a 60-year-old supporter President Obama who tried twice to sign up on launch day, once at midnight and again at 6 a.m., before going to work. He couldn't get through.
"I'm pretty fluent on the Internet," said Tucci, who is self-employed in the oil and gas industry. "I've applied for a lot of things, and there are always glitches. But this was totally disappointing. I'm just really frustrated."
I asked Tucci what he would do next. Would he apply for coverage later, when the site might work better? Or just give up on the whole project?
"I might try later, when I get home from work," he told me. "I may call them again and see what's going on there."
KLIFF NOTES: Top health policy reads from around the Web.
Some insurance companies have not had any people enroll on the marketplaces. "Louisiana's leading health insurance company reports that not one person has yet successfully enrolled in a new health care plan offered through the Affordable Care Act. Since the marketplaces opened to much fanfare Tuesday (Oct. 1), many of the state's potential customers have been stalled on the website, unable to move past the portion of HealthCare.gov that instructs them how to set up their profile. Rebecca Catalanello in the New Orleans Times Picayune.
New York's marketplace had especially heavy opening day traffic. "By late afternoon in the East, state exchanges reported much heavier traffic than expected to their Web sites. New York said that 10 million attempts had been made to reach its site, although with many people making multiple tries, it was not clear how many individuals that represented. And officials said the figure was so far beyond anything they had considered plausible that they were investigating the cause." Abby Goodnough, Robert Pear and Richard Perez-Pena in the New York Times.
Henry Kissinger is said to have posed the question: “Who do I call if I want to call Europe?” For President Obama and Hillary Clinton, that leader was German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
That's evidently not the case under President Trump.
German media is reporting that Merkel is struggling to come to grips with a decidedly less friendly administration in Washington, which is reaching out to stalwart allies Britain and Israel -- but reportedly has not responded to Berlin's request for a meeting.
Trump also has singled out Merkel for criticism, reportedly leaving her to scour Trump interviews in old Playboys to get a hint at the new president's thinking.
Handelsblatt reported that German government officials largely have failed to establish contacts with the Trump team, and “decision makers in Berlin have largely been left to read the tea leaves in Mr. Trump's campaign rhetoric and his recent interviews with the European press.”
This marks a sharp change from just a couple years ago.
For much of the Obama administration, Merkel's popularity both at home and abroad was sky high, and her position unassailable. In 2015 she won Time's Person of the Year. Last year, Obama called her a “model” leader and his final call to a foreign leader was to Merkel, while Clinton – whom many in Europe expected to be the next president -- repeatedly praised her as one of her favorite world leaders.
But Merkel's political fortunes have deteriorated. Her ill-fated 2015 decision to open the doors to millions of Syrian refugees fueled a continent-wide crisis, leading in part to the U.K.'s decision to leave the European Union.
After her party was hammered in local elections and her poll numbers slumped ahead of federal elections this year, Merkel has started to distance herself from her refugee policy. As Merkel struggles to keep her grip on power in Germany, and keep the increasingly unstable European Union together, the German chancellor now faces another challenge in Trump – who has made no secret of his distaste for her policies.
After the campaign, during which Trump accused Merkel of “ruining Germany,” German media reported that Merkel's team was hoping for a change in tone when Trump took the White House. They were quickly disappointed.
In a recent interview with the Times of London, Trump blasted her Syrian refugee policy as a “catastrophic mistake” and grouped her in with Russian President Vladimir Putin as people he would “start off trusting.” He added, “But let's see how long that lasts. It may not last long at all.”
That tone may be set to continue. While Trump quickly reached out to British Prime Minister Theresa May and arranged for her to come to the White House Friday – just seven days into Trump's presidency -- Germany's Der Spiegel reports that an offer from Merkel's team for her to come to Washington soon received no reply.
The White House did not respond to a request for comment from Fox News.
In the meantime, the Trump effect is causing concerns for Merkel beyond his criticism of her refugee stance. Trump's protectionist trade policies could hurt manufacturing, particularly big German automakers such as BMW. Additionally, Trump's warm support for Brexit has emboldened the British government, with German lawmakers telling Der Spiegel that a “softer” form of Brexit is now much less likely.
The Germans are still hoping the relationship can be salvaged. Handelsblatt reports that some lawmakers have good relations with Trump's nominee for attorney general, Jeff Sessions, and that Merkel's cabinet is hoping Defense Secretary James Mattis will push for stronger relations with Germany in particular.
About two months ago I started my first gun engraving project – STI Trojan. Today finally this saga has come to a successful finish. Here's the final result:
The main reason it took so long to finish this project was the problem with hot bluing. At first I used my home-brew bluing salt, which worked out rather well the first time. I got really nice deep blue-black finish and was quite happy about it. But as I was lightening up the engraving with phosphoric acid, we call the process ‘French grey', some of the acid accidentally spilled to other parts of the slide and messed it up. So I had to remove all the bluing and redo everything again. Long story short – I got the bluing right on the fourth try, after buying a commercial salt from Germany and learning severals lessons from my silly mistakes.
Here's a little walk-through of the whole project.
First of all the original blue has to be removed and parts refinished, so they are worthy of receiving a good engraving. Here's the slide ready to go, after 4 hours with sandpaper and sticks:
The design is transferred to the slide and ready to be engraved:
Shading in process:
Engraving is finished, but still in the white. Time spent so far – about 20 hours:
Now comes the bluing process. First and foremost, the metal to be blued has to be really-really clean. Every drop of oil and fingerprint will leave ugly spot on the metal and we don't want that. Hot bluing is done in a salt at temperature 150-180C. The solution is alkali, so if it gets on your skin at that temperature, you'll have an interesting experience. In a bad way.
Next up – French gray. The area to be grayed has to be masked off, the cheapest fingernail polish works well. Applying mild phosphoric acid to the area will remove the blue and makes it gray. Black background and gray engraving looks rather good and the contrast helps a lot for the visibility.
Finished.
Jack in the Box, it may not be a stoners paradise, but it sure does see quite of few of them once those munchies start kicking in. While it may just be a marketing gimmick, Jack in the Box has teamed up with Snoop Dogg's Merry Jane magazine to promote a Merry Munchie Meal for $4.20!
To celebrate the legalization of recreational cannabis in California, Snoop Dogg has partnered with Jack in the Box to give stoners what they want. Lots of junk food with an exact price of $4.20. I know that when something is conveniently priced at $4.20 I get a good chuckle out of it.
While Jack in the Box has been clearly marketing towards the cannabis community for quite some time, it's the first time a fast food company has actively promoted their food to be consumed with cannabis. Even without the blatant marketing, it's pretty easy to tell that some of Jack in the Box and Taco Bell's food is geared towards those who are ready to crush 2000 calories of grub in minutes.
The Merry Munchie Meal will include two tacos, five mini churros, three chicken strips, and a drink. They're all standard Jack in the Box menu items, and Jack in the Box already offers various “Munchie Meals,” so this is a pure marketing move.
If you don't live in the Long Beach are then you're out of luck for this once in a lifetime opportunity (we know it's really not that big of a deal). This deal will run from January 18-25 in all three Long Beach Jack in the Box locations. While it's only being promoted for a limited time at a few locations, there's a good chance this will pick up and spread like wildfire.
We would never suggest you eat fast food, even after smoking a joint and having “no other options”, it never hurt to buy a stoner meal that costs $4.20 on the dot.
Florida Atlantic scored early in the contest and used a total of four pitchers to shut out UTSA by a score of 10-0 in Sunday's series finale at Roadrunner Field.Florida Atlantic (25-13-1, 12-6 C-USA) owned a 2-0 lead that held through the first six innings before exploding for eight runs in the final three innings of play.Right-handerearned his first start of the season and gave up two runs in the first inning before settling in on the mound. He then retired 14 straight batters before allowing four runs in the seventh. Pickering was charged with the loss in his season-high 6.2 frames, as he struck out four and walked one.UTSA (20-18, 9-9 C-USA) tallied seven hits on the day, two of which went for extra bases and another two that were pinch hits. No Roadrunner registered multiple base knocks.andeach extend their hit streaks to four, whilehas now reached safely in 17 straight games. Brookover had his 14-game hit streak snapped in the series opener on Friday.The Roadrunners had an opportunity to score in the fifth, but they were unable to capitalize on a bases loaded situation after a single and back-to-back walks loaded the bases.grounded into a double play that ended the UTSA scoring threat.Owls starter Mark Nowatnick earned the win after going five innings, scattering four hits, walking two and striking out one.UTSA will be back in action on Tuesday, April 25, when it hosts Houston Baptist at 6 p.m. The Roadrunners defeated the Huskies 18-6 back on March 21.
The initial broadcast of the television anime of Higasa Akai 's The Royal Tutor manga is coming to an end. The penultimate 11th episode, titled "Futari no Yakusoku" ("The Pair's Promise"), debuted this Wednesday at 2:05 a.m. The final episode will air next week. To mark the anime reaching its climax, the official website posted comments from Akai and voice actor Keisuke Ueda (voice of Heine) on Monday.
Akai said that although the anime is different from the manga, she approves. She asked fans to enjoy the ending and said, "By the way, I cried!" Akai further commented on Twitter, "It'll be a different development from the original work. The objective for the anime is that if it becomes a loved work for the people watching the anime, that's good."
Ueda similarly said of the upcoming episodes, "During recording, the tears didn't stop."
The 11th and 12th episodes of the anime will feature an original story not in Akai's manga. The episodes will reveal Heine's past, which the original manga has not revealed. Avex Pictures is streaming the 11th episode's preview video, which reveals the young Heine with Victor.
Crunchyroll users can also watch the above clip at the end of the 10th streaming episode.
In addition, the main cast members, who will also reprise their roles in the stage musical adaptation, filmed a live-action version of the anime's ending sequence. The main cast performs the ending theme song "Prince Night ~Doko ni Ita no Sa!? MY PRINCESS~" as their respective characters.
Yen Press began releasing Akai's original manga as e-books in English in 2015, and it describes the story:
Accepting the post of Royal Tutor at the court of the king of Grannzreich, Heine Wittgenstein is a little professor with a big job ahead! Each of the kingdom's four princes has a rather distinct personality. Does their diminutive new instructor have what it takes to lay down some learning? It's a comedy of educational proportions!
The musical will run at Tokyo's Zepp Blue Theater Roppongi from September 7 to September 10, and in Osaka's Morinomiya Piloti Hall from September 16 to September 18.
[Via Nijimen]
The prime minister of Russia stood in handcuffs inside a cage, looking downcast, as a judge questioned him.
Vladi­mir Putin in “jail.” (YouTube)
The video showing Vladimir Putin on trial for corruption and terrorism was clearly a fake, but it went viral anyway — attracting millions of viewers since it was posted on YouTube several days ago, the Associated Press reports.
Called “The Arrest of Vladimir Putin,” the video comes a week after thousands of Russians protested in Moscow against the prime minister, who will run for a third term as president March 4. Putin was president from 2000 to 2008, and has been prime minister ever since. He is widely expected to win the presidential election, despite the public's discontent, which peaked with widespread protests in December.
One Russian viewer for whom the video resonated commented on YouTube: “Putin is a terrorist and a war criminal. His mistakes are not small, and two wrongs don't make a right.”
The video was made by piecing together news footage of the 2010 trial of former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky and of Putin participating in the 2010 census.
Putin's supporters, too, have used faux video to get their message across. In a series of videos called “Russia without Putin — Russia Without a Future,” imagining a supposedly hellish future without the long-time leader, news footage is shown of food lines, riots, the homeless and military conflict:
I was startled the other day to hear someone say that since the economic downturn started, applications to acquire federal nonprofit status have climbed 30 percent. I doubt there's been a sudden surge to do good for one's fellow man (although some of the increase may be due to that). Rather, it appears that there's a sense that nonprofit organizations somehow have it easier than their for-profit brethren and that "going nonprofit" is a way to circumvent the current economic difficulties. I've long felt that there's a substantial public misunderstanding of what it means to be a non-profit organization. So, on behalf of all the hard-working 501c3 organizations in our county (conservatively estimated by Nonprofit Enterprise at Work as numbering at least 900), let's explore some facts and some common misperceptions.
Nonprofit organizations are dedicated to contributing to the public good. Fact.
This is the raison d'etre of nonprofits. To be recognized by the federal government as a nonprofit organization and achieve tax exempt status (under section 501c3 of the Internal Revenue Code), an organization must make a compelling argument that it is being formed for the public benefit, focusing on charitable, religious, educational, and/or scientific purposes.
Establishing nonprofit status can be a lengthy and costly process. Fact.
Obtaining federal nonprofit status does not happen overnight. It can take anywhere from 6 months to more than year to complete the bureaucratic application process and can (although not necessarily) cost hundreds of dollars in legal fees. Becoming a nonprofit is a not a quick fix solution to a business' financial difficulties.
Financial data about nonprofit organizations is a matter of public record. Fact.
Nonprofit organizations with even minimal income ($25,000 per year and up) are required to file a Form 990 with the federal government. This document mimics the familiar income tax form and requests information on an organization's income and expenditures, plus its board of directors, key activities and other data. Since nonprofits benefit from public largesse (in the form of tax relief), this information is publicly available for anyone to review - a transparency that not every business owner might welcome.
Nonprofits aren't really important to the economy. Misperception.
Michigan benefits from more than $100 billion in economic activity from the nonprofit sector, including hospitals, human services agencies, and thousands of interest groups. In Washtenaw County alone, nonprofit arts and cultural organizations represent a $165 million industry (in 2002 dollars), employing ca. 2,600 FTE.
Grants to nonprofits are available for picking. Misperception.
Grants are not funds that are handed out like candy simply because an organization has 501c3 status. To think of grants like welfare money for nonprofits is a gross misperception. Rather, think of grants like RFPs (requests for proposals) of the nonprofit world. A funder (be it the State of Michigan or a private entity like the Gates Foundation) wants to accomplish a certain goal, such as making arts and cultural activities available to more people or eliminating the incidence of AIDS in Africa). A nonprofit organization submits a grant proposal offering a strategy for accomplishing the funder's goal (e.g., presenting low-cost concerts in a park, undertaking AIDS research). If the proposal satisfies the funder's goals, the proposal may be accepted and funds awarded, just as might happen with a contractor proposing to build a highway or fill roadway potholes.
Nonprofits don't know how to operate "like businesses." Misperception.
Given the excesses taken by some business people on Wall Street, at Enron, and elsewhere, let's just say thank God nonprofits don't act like businesses! On a serious note, nonprofit organizations are businesses and behave accordingly: paying rent, meeting payroll, and delivering services, etc. In addition, many nonprofits routinely attain higher standards, conducting annual financial audits (necessary to apply for some grants) and each year identifying ways to attract investors (aka sponsors and donors). Not to mention, many nonprofits accomplish their work by motivating unpaid workers (aka volunteers) to perform a multitude of tasks ranging from the mundane to the creative. How many for-profit business leaders could run their operations with only a smile and a pat on the back to motivate the troops? The bottom line? We need both nonprofit and for-profit organizations to have a healthy and properous community. When each sector focuses on what it does best, we all benefit.
Tamara Real is a executive director of the Arts Alliance and is a regular contributor to Michigan Business Review.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Top intelligence officials last week told President-elect Donald Trump about an unsubstantiated report that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, a U.S. official said Tuesday.
The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because the official was not allowed to publicly discuss the matter.
The briefing about the document was first reported by CNN. A summary of the allegations was separate from a classified assessment of Russia's attempts to meddle in the U.S. presidential election. Trump and President Barack Obama were briefed on the intelligence community's findings last week.
Shortly after news reports were published about the briefing, Trump tweeted: “FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!”
Trump was expected to hold a previously scheduled news conference Wednesday to discuss his future plans regarding his role with the Trump Organization.
The unsubstantiated dossier on Trump was compiled by a former Western intelligence operative as part of an opposition research project originally financed by a Republican client who opposed Trump, and later funded by Democrats, according to Mother Jones, which published an article about the report in October and said the operative had turned over the report to the FBI. The New York Times reported the operative had previously worked for British intelligence. The Associated Press has not been able to substantiate the information in the dossier, which misspelled the name of Russia's largest bank.
It's unclear why the intelligence officials decided to brief the president and Trump on the uncorroborated information at this time, but lawmakers and others have repeatedly noted that Russia collects intelligence on both Democrats and Republicans.
“The Russians also hacked systems associated with the Republicans. They just chose not to release that material yet,” Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the ranking Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, said Tuesday. “There's nothing that prevents them from doing so at a time of their choosing in the future.”
Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway said in an interview Tuesday on NBC's “Late Night with Seth Meyers” that “nobody has sourced it. They're all unnamed, unspoken sources in the story.” She said it may have originated with a Russian investigator or groups that wanted Hillary Clinton to win the White House.
The report had been circulating in Washington for months. In October, former Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid wrote the FBI asking the bureau to publicly disclose what it knew about the Trump campaign's ties to Russia. Reid was aware of the dossier before he wrote the letter, according to a person knowledgeable about the subject who spoke on condition of anonymity because this person was not authorized to speak publicly about the matter.
FBI Director James Comey refused earlier Tuesday to say whether the FBI was investigating any possible ties between Russia and Trump's presidential campaign, citing policy not to comment on what the FBI might or might not be doing.
Comey was pressed by Democrats on the committee about whether the FBI was conducting an investigation. There was no mention during the hearing about the summary of the dossier, which was attached to the classified hacking assessment.
“I would never comment on investigations — whether we have one or not — in an open forum like this so I can't answer one way or another,” Comey told the panel during his first public appearance before Congress since the election. In late October, Comey angered Democrats when he announced 11 days before the election that the FBI was looking at more emails as part of its investigation of Hillary Clinton.
Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden said the American people had a right to know about whether there is an FBI investigation into the Trump campaign's ties with Russia.
An active FBI investigation of the next president for ties between his campaign and a nation accused of meddling in the presidential election could further stoke mistrust in the legitimacy of the democratic process. It could also put Trump's own FBI in the awkward position of examining the conduct of those closest to the commander-in-chief.
The FBI was among three U.S. intelligence agencies that collaborated on last week's report on Russia's election activity. It tied Russian President Vladimir Putin to the hacking of email accounts of the Democratic National Committee and individual Democrats like Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta. It said there was no evidence the Russians tampered with vote tallies; the agencies said they couldn't assess if Russia succeeded in influencing Americans to vote for Trump.
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., who opposed Trump in the GOP primary, said Russia's activity wasn't guided by its support for Trump, but rather “to influence and to potentially manipulate American public opinion for the purpose of discrediting individual political figures, sowing chaos and division in our politics, sowing doubts about the legitimacy of our elections.”
Democrats at the committee hearing focused their toughest questions on Comey, who was widely criticized for breaking FBI policy in his decision to notify Congress about additional information that came up related to Clinton. He is in the fourth year of a 10-year term, meaning he is expected to stay on in the Trump administration.
Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., said Comey set a new standard by discussing the bureau's activity related to Clinton's private email server. That standard, she said, is the FBI discusses ongoing investigations when there is a “unique public interest in the transparency of that issue.”
The intelligence agencies' findings on Russian hacking fit that standard, she argued.
“I'm not sure I can think of an issue of more serious public interest than this one,” Harris said. “This committee needs to understand what the FBI does and does not know about campaign communications with Russia.”
Sitting beside Comey, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said, “Fair point.”
___
Associated Press writer Kathleen Hennessey contributed to this report.
The Tenement Museum on the Lower East Side explores the history of immigration in New York City with a variety of tours and exhibits centered along a row of former tenement houses on Orchard Street. The museum employs an innovative approach that uses a combination of historical preservation and historical narrative to connect visitors to the experience of immigration and instill an appreciation of the role that it has played in shaping American life.
Although the museum has since expanded, it was originally housed in a five-story tenement building at 97 Orchard Street that was constructed in 1863. To visit, you need to sign up for one of the assorted guided tours, which will take you through a particular floor of the building that has been arranged to show how the different groups of immigrants that inhabited the neighborhood over the years lived. The “Shop Life” tour, for example, looks at the various stores that occupied the basement of the building, which has been fixed up as an 1870s-era German saloon (my review). The 4th floor tour focuses on Irish immigrants, and so on. The building was originally divided into twenty apartments in addition to the two basement-level store fronts and it is estimated that over seven thousand immigrants lived there at one time or another, so there are a lot of stories to tell!
In any case, the reason that I am blogging about the Tenement Museum here is that they posted this on their Instagram account the other day:
As the caption indicates, the museum is presently expanding and discovered an old coin in the walls at 103 Orchard Street. Intrigued, I contacted to them to find out if they had found any other numismatic material over the years.
The Tenement Museum has about 10,000 items in their collection, which includes objects discovered and preserved from the former tenements at 91, 97, and 103 Orchard Street, and historical objects that have been donated or acquired to use for its tours and exhibitions. The artifacts found range from wooden toys to animal bones. We visited to take a look at the eight coins that were found in the buildings (there are additional coins and tokens that came in as donations), which ranged in date from 1876 to 1929. The oldest, an 1876 ‘Indian Head' cent pictured below, was found in a rat's nest under the floorboards.
Seven out of the eight coins in the collection were pennies, which is hardly surprising given that higher value coins were less likely to go missing. There was a wooden privy in the back court of 97 Orchard Street that sat above a mortared-brick vault filled with water that was periodically drained into the sewer system. When archaeologists excavated the back yard in the 1990s, the narrow vault yielded a trove of artifacts, including a 1909 Lincoln cent.
This was the first year that this famed coin designed by Victor David Brenner was minted. Lincoln's portrait was added at that time to celebrate the centenary of his birth, and this was the first US coin to feature a president and the motto ‘In God We Trust.' The new penny struck a chord with the public and became a popular keepsake. How this one ended up the privy, we will never know, but it is an interesting bit of Americana. The other coins were two Indian Head cents (1893, 1906), and four more Lincoln cents (1910, 1912, 1926, 1927).
At right is the obverse of the 1908 ‘Liberty Head' nickel that workers discovered in the walls the other day. As work on the buildings is ongoing, we suspect that more coins will be uncovered in the future and we will update this post if and when we hear about something new (see update below). In the meantime, I would encourage anyone to do a guided tour or check out one of the many other events at the museum.
Thanks to curator David Favaloro (left) and collections manager Danielle Swanson (right) for hosting us!
—Matthew Wittmann
Update: It seems that just yesterday (12/15) another coin was found under linoleum laid in one of the apartments at 103 Orchard Street and it is real classic…a 1918 ‘Mercury' dime.
Life-Size Noah's Ark To Open Amid A Flood Of Skepticism
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ashley Westerman/NPR Ashley Westerman/NPR
A replica of Noah's Ark has been built in the rolling hills of northern Kentucky and it is, quite literally, of biblical proportions. The wood structure stands seven stories high and is the length of 1 1/2 football fields.
"The Bible indicates the original Ark was 300 cubits, using the Hebrew royal cubit that calculates in modern-day terms to 510 feet long," says Mark Looey, a co-founder of Answers in Genesis, the Christian ministry that built the attraction. It's the same group that opened the Creation Museum in 2007 in Petersburg, Ky., which promotes a literal interpretation of the Bible and other teachings: that planet Earth is only 6,000 years old and that man lived alongside dinosaurs.
The ark attraction has been mired in controversy for years, and though Answers in Genesis promises jobs and increased tourism to a region in desperate need of an economic boost, for many who live there, it's very much a mixed blessing.
'After The Flash And Bang'
The ark offers three decks of exhibits so sophisticated, you might think you stepped into Disney World.
There are no live animals on the ark, though. "There's a zoo out back for them," Looey says. Instead, the ark will be filled with lifelike models of animals — including dinosaurs and a pair of unicorns — designed by many of the people who also made exhibits for the Creation Museum.
The ark doesn't float either. Ken Ham, Answers in Genesis and Ark Encounter president and CEO, says it wasn't built to float. "We built it as a reminder, a reminder in regard to God's word and the account of Noah and the flood," he says.
Religion A Noah's Ark In Kentucky Encounters Controversy A Noah's Ark In Kentucky Encounters Controversy Listen · 3:21 3:21
It cost $100 million to build and is expected to draw up to 2 million visitors a year along with millions in tourism revenue, according to what the ministry calls an independent study. Looey says they've already hired over 300 staff and hundreds more jobs are on the way when the other phases — including a walled city and a replica of the Tower of Babel — are completed.
Many in Williamstown, Ky., the small town that sits right across Interstate 75 from the attraction, are waiting for it to open with bated breath. The town — the rural seat of Grant County, Ky., — has a population of about 4,000. It's a middle-class bedroom community right between Cincinnati and Lexington, Ky.
Williamstown Mayor Rick Skinner, an enthusiastic supporter of the attraction, says the town has already upgraded its electricity and built a new water treatment plant. Downtown is also getting a face-lift. On Main Street, many new stores have already opened up while others are in the process of being renovated. Before news of the Ark Encounter coming to town, the old brick buildings that lined Main Street were mostly vacant.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ashley Westerman/NPR Ashley Westerman/NPR
Local lawyer Bill Adkins says when the recession hit Williamstown, it hit hard. He remembers sitting in foreclosure settlements almost every week.
According to the study cited by Answers in Genesis, the ark's economic impact will be about $4 billion over the next decade. But Adkins is skeptical.
"We've not seen the hotels, we've not seen the restaurants coming in to support this attraction," he says. "I think a lot of people are waiting to invest because they want to see if after the flash and bang of the opening, what happens next."
Answers in Genesis points to the success of the Creation Museum as proof of the ark's potential. The ministry says the museum gets 300,000 visitors a year and that its generated revenue has exceeded expectations, though they would not provide numbers.
Then there are controversies around the project, provoking debate over separation of church and state. The state withdrew tax incentives it had awarded Answers in Genesis, in part, because the ministry refused to pledge that it would not discriminate on the basis of religion in its hiring. The state said the project had evolved from a tourism attraction to an extension of the ministry.
The tax breaks were later reinstated after Answers in Genesis, which said it had the right to hire on the basis of religion, sued in federal court and won.
Adkins is uncomfortable with the tax breaks worth up to $18 million the ministry is getting from the state. Answers in Genesis is considered a tax-exempt church and critics of the ark project have said that getting tax breaks amounts to "double-dipping."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ashley Westerman/NPR Ashley Westerman/NPR
It also just doesn't sit well with him that job applicants must adhere to the ministry's rigid moral code and belief system.
"That one would have to subjugate their own beliefs to comply with that of an employer," he says, "that seems very intrusive and very oppressive to me.
A federal judge earlier this year ruled that Answers in Genesis, as a religious group, has a right to restrict its hiring.
Resident Jay Novarra is irked at local leaders. Along with providing the project with free land, Williamstown also gave Answers in Genesis $62 million in bonds. The ministry says the town will not be on the hook for those.
As a farmer, Novarra is worried about the price of water going up since the town is also providing water to the ark.
"We do have a lot of people who make a living farming and you start adding to the price we have to pay to raise our food, then you're definitely impacting farmers," she says. "And I have to ask myself: What is that farmer getting out of it?"
Mayor Skinner says there is no contingency plan. They're putting all their eggs in one basket — kind of like Noah.
A prototype is a preliminary model of something. Projects that offer physical products need to show backers documentation of a working prototype. This gallery features photos, videos, and other visual documentation that will give backers a sense of what's been accomplished so far and what's left to do. Though the development process can vary for each project, these are the stages we typically see:
What is SMOBOT?
SMOBOT is a patented robotic damper system that attaches to the top vent of most Kamado style smokers, like those from Big Green Egg, Kamado Joe, and Primo Ceramic Grills. SMOBOT monitors the temperature inside the smoker using a high temperature thermocouple. When the temperature varies from the target you set, the controller tells the damper how much to open and close to maintain the temperature you choose. Think of SMOBOT as your smoker robot.
Airflow is controlled by the natural draw through the top damper, which makes installation easy and power consumption low. The damper replaces the manual factory daisy wheel, attaching to the top vent cap with the single existing screw in a matter of seconds. Your smoker works just the way it was designed. Because SMOBOT only moves the damper when necessary, power consumption is low. SMOBOT is powered through its micro-USB connector. If desired, powering it from a low-cost USB battery pack is a great option when an outlet isn't available.
Production prototype control unit including membrane switch overlay panel.
Please help us by sharing SMOBOT with your friends
SMOBOT Control Performance
Actual Test Data
The SMOBOT control algorithm has been developed carefully over 6 years, and thousands of hours of test development have produced accurate and robust performance. It handles disturbances ranging from charcoal pile collapse, to wind, to the lid being opened. You can count on SMOBOT to deliver:
Typical accuracy within +/- 5 ⁰F of set-point
Quick startup with very little overshoot
Minimal undershoot following temperature reduction
Wide grill temperature operating range without need for inlet vent adjustments
Smart algorithm prevents fire snuffing
Open lid detection minimizes disturbance effect
Servo sits still when on target temperature – saves electricity
While the SMOBOT concept will work with many more grills and smokers, the current damper design has been proven to fit the following list. If you have a grill or smoker not listed below and you would like to support SMOBOT, please send us a message and we will add your grill to our list for future support.
Always Connected
Use SMOBOT standalone or connect it to your Wi-Fi network. SMOBOT's Wi-Fi connectivity means SMOBOT is available to communicate with you anytime, anywhere - whether you're home on your wireless network, or traveling across town with your smart phone.
Wifi setup is easy. Upon first starting up, SMOBOT sets itself up as a wifi access point. Connect with your computer or smartphone and access SMOBOT via your web browser.
SMOBOT will discover nearby wireless networks and give you the option to connect to your home network.
Once connected to the internet, SMOBOT will start sending data to mySMOBOT our FREE cloud web service. Access mySMOBOT from anywhere you have internet connectivity to monitor your cook.
mySMOBOT records a graph of your cook so you can see how it is progressing.
Home Automation and API
Want to monitor SMOBOT from your home automation system, Amazon Alexa or even something home grown? Our open API will enable you to access realtime data easily. Our REST API allows you to pull data from your SMOBOT directly on your home network, or from the mySMOBOT cloud server outside your network.
Planned integrations with Amazon Alexa and Samsung SmartThings will allow you to interface easily with your existing systems.
The Journey
As a long-time culinary enthusiast and cook, Eric (SMOBOT co-founder) got his large Big Green Egg in 2010 and quickly fell in love with kamado grill cooking and smoking. Sadly, he found that a busy life schedule made it inconvenient to cook with because he had to hang around the house and monitor it for hours to keep it on temperature. He searched the market for an existing temperature control solution, and didn't find one he liked. All of them were complicated, required external blowers, were power hungry, and most lacked the connectivity to monitor from afar. Perhaps more than any of those things, he felt that those approaches were short on elegance and greatly detracted from the basic spirit of grill cooking. The grill wants to breath on its own - It just needs someone to make little adjustments here and there! Having an interest in, and some theoretical background in controls, Eric built the first version of SMOBOT in late 2010 for fun, and to improve the quality of his grilling experience.
In March of 2014, Eric posted on a couple of internet forums to show off his creation and get some feedback. Immediately he was met with awesome encouragement and compliments! Many grill forum goers wanted their own copies of the controller. Eric started the process of creating a limited set of "Beta" prototype units for people to try.
In early 2015, Curtis (the other SMOBOT co-founder) happened upon a discussion of Eric's controller and just had to get involved. As an inventor and entrepreneur, Curtis knew that he could help Eric develop and release a quality, consumer-ready product. A partnership was formed and a design effort was immediately underway to improve and finalize the Beta design. A new wifi module was chosen, web interfaces were created, and remote firmware update capability was added. The circuit board was redesigned for easier assembly, and extensive testing was completed to shore up the algorithm.
In April of 2016 the SMOBOT Beta was ready for its first real test. Invitations were sent out to form a beta group and a rollout of 40 beta units commenced. The next few months were a whirlwind of wonderful feedback, grilling, conversations with excited users, and software modifications.
Finally, in August of 2016, The US Patent office granted a patent (Patent 9,427,107) for the concept, clearing the way for a commercial endeavor. It was time for a production design evolution!
Since August, all aspects of SMOBOT have been improved, and all of the superb feedback and lessons-learned from the generous Beta participants have been incorporated. The damper design was improved to make it easier to manufacture and assemble, a custom membrane overlay has been designed and sourced. Additionally, we've contracted for custom length temperature probes and a customized version of the servo with a better cable and plug. Orders for many of the production parts are already submitted and in-work. Your help is now needed to help fund the final round of component acquisition and assembly. Thank you kindly for your support!
Videos
Co-Founder Curtis walks you through the usage of SMOBOT using a beta controller.
Eric demonstrates the production hardware
Timeline
Most of the hard work is done and many of the long lead time items are already in progress. Here is our estimated timeline for delivery of backer rewards.
The Team
Eric Reinhart is a licensed Professional Engineer, living in Michigan USA. He has a fascination for control theory, and has completed some undergraduate and graduate university coursework on the subject. One aspect of Eric's aerospace industry career has been software development which provided a foundation for his entry into embedded systems. He extended that experience-base to low-level controller programming in 2009, for fun. Eric's primary responsibilities for SMOBOT are development of the core control algorithm, prototype hardware fabrication and mechanical design. As a home workshop machinist he enjoys "making chips" to prototype new designs for SMOBOT dampers and electronics enclosures. When Eric isn't working on SMOBOT, he enjoys mountain biking, hiking with his family and fishing.
Curtis Pope is a self taught electronics designer that enjoys tackling challenging design obstacles. Curtis holds a Bachelor's of Science in Aviation Computer Science from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Prescott, Arizona. As a serial entrepreneur, Curtis has designed and built many different projects including a motorcross racing system using active/passive RFID, LED Signs, Motion detection system for hunting, home automation gadgets and Amateur Radio projects. When not working on SMOBOT, Curtis loves fishing, flying, playing ice hockey and spending time with his young children. Curtis is primarily responsible for WiFi and web development, circuit layout and prep for manufacturing, ordering, logistics and business administrivia. Curtis lives with his family in the Clearwater, Florida area.
FAQ
To help answer many of the questions that potential backers have and make your decision to support SMOBOT easier, below is a list of frequently asked questions.
Q: Isn't there a problem with the robotic damper getting gunked up with brown grease tar from cooking?
A: After using a SMOBOT for a couple of cooks, you will notice that it does get a coating of grease from the smoke coming out of the exhaust. After the damper cools, this gunk can harden and cause the damper to stick. This is not a problem. We have designed the damper with some play so that you can lift up on it and "pop" it frees. We have used a single SMOBOT damper for 100s if not 1000s of hours and never had an issue with the sticking. We recorded the following video for our beta users to show how to free a stuck damper. https://vimeo.com/157536471
Q: Is there any cost for the mySMOBOT cloud service?
A: Access to mySMOBOT is absolutely free, there is no cost.
Q: Is there any cost for the mobile apps?
A: The mobile applications will be available for free download at no additional cost.
Q: SMOBOT seems expensive, why does it cost so much?
A: SMOBOT is actually about $100 less expensive than comparable blower based solutions. SMOBOT is a wifi enabled device with many custom designed parts. Consumer products generally reach the point where they can be produced cheaply when a company can order 10,000+ units at a time. Here at IOT Controls, we are ramping up 500-1000 units at a time production, so we have a long ways to go before we can reduce a lot of the cost out of the production.
Q: How does SMOBOT compare to blower solutions?
A: SMOBOT doesn't force air into your grill/smoker. By using a passive approach, we are able to reduce the amount of ash that is kicked up inside the grill and thus keep it from landing on your food. SMOBOT is lower power and can run from a battery pack. SMOBOT is virtually silent, so you won't hear a fan running. SMOBOT is simple to install with just one screw and doesn't require any complex vent adjustments for different types of cooks. SMOBOT still allows you access to your inlet vent to clean out ashes without removing.
PARIS police have arrested two veiled women and several other people protesting in front of Notre Dame cathedral against France's new ban on wearing full-face niqab veils in public.
An Agence France-Presse journalist at the scene said the arrests came after police moved in to break up the protest which had not been authorised.
"Today was not about arresting people because of wearing the veil. It was for not having respected the requirement to declare a demonstration," said police spokesman Alexis Marsan.
Two women in niqabs, a woman wearing an Islamic headscarf that does not cover the face and a demonstration organiser were arrested, Marsan said.
In another protest, Rachid Nekkaz from the Don't Touch My Constitution activist group and "a female friend wearing the niqab" were arrested by police in front of President Nicolas Sarkozy's Elysee Palace, he said.
"We wanted to be fined for wearing the niqab, but the police didn't want to issue a fine," Nekkaz said by telephone.
On Saturday police arrested 59 people, including 19 veiled women, who turned up for a banned protest in Paris against the new law, the first of its kind to be enforced in Europe.
When Martin Shkreli, the former CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals, hiked up the price of a life-saving medication, one group of high school students saw an opportunity to do good.
Eight teenagers from Sydney Grammar School in Australia have collaborated with scientists from the University of Sydney to reproduce the active ingredient in Daraprim, a drug whose price tag swelled from $13.50 to $750 last year.
How much did it cost them? A mere $20.
Working in their chemistry lab, the students synthesized 3.7 grams of pyrimethamine, the active ingredient in Daraprim. That yield is worth about $110,000 in the U.S., according to the BBC.
Daraprim is an anti-parasitic medication used to treat malaria and other conditions involving compromised immune systems, such as AIDS. It is listed on the World Health Organization's list of essential medicines.
University of Sydney The students from Sydney Grammar School.
The boys, all 17, called their project “Breaking Good.” Under the guidance of Dr. Alice Williamson and Associate Professor Matthew Todd, they worked with the Open Source Malaria consortium, which allowed scientists anywhere in the world to view their data and offer feedback.
“This Daraprim story has been ingrained in lots of people's minds,” Dr. Williamson told CNN. “I thought ‘what if we can get these boys to show you can make it from cheap materials and that relatively inexperienced young scientists can make it?'”
“We knew it was a good story and the boys have done a good job,” she went on. “It's really captured people's imaginations. They made a very pure sample of the active ingredient.”
University of Sydney Students in Australia used inexpensive starting materials (left) to make a sample of pyrimethamine (right).
Turing Pharmaceuticals acquired the exclusive marketing rights to Daraprim in 2015 and quickly moved to raise the cost. Shkreli claimed that the decision was a strategy to make money from insurance companies and that the funds would be used to research better treatments.
The patents for Daraprim have expired, but Turing still has exclusive rights to sell the drug, meaning the boys from Sydney can't simply open up a shop in the U.S. and sell their own, affordable version.
Shkreli ― who, whatever else you can say about him, isn't afraid of bad P.R. ― belittled the students' accomplishment on Twitter this week.
@nedavanovac lol how is that showing anyone up? almost any drug can be made at small scale for a low price. glad it makes u feel good tho. — Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) December 1, 2016
@Scottyt2Hottie yea uh anyone can make any drug it is pretty ez — Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) December 1, 2016
Raise one to the troops! A welcome home gift for your favorite soldier
Made in the USA of solid 6061 T6 billet aluminum
M1913 rail interface system to mount your beer goggles
There is only one word to describe this mug. Cover your ears, folks, because that word is BADASS. The Battle Mug starts out as a 13.5 pound solid block of 6061 T6 billet aluminum before it enters a state of the art CNC facility in Huntsville, Alabama. This facility produces specialized parts and equipment for the U.S. Department of Defense, major weapons manufacturers, NASA, and a host of other companies working at the U.S. Rocket and Space Center.
Built to military specifications, Battle Mug features a M1913 rail interface system which allows you to mount a tactical light, laser device, holographic sight (AKA beer goggles) or even a bayonet for close quarters, high risk operations. A standard issue M4 carry handle is included.
Each individually serialized Battle Mug is built with the Operator in mind and features Mil-Spec Type III anodizing and a crenelated base. It's perfect for knocking out drug lords, stomping on terrorists, or brain-squashing zombies. But mostly, you'll want to use it to drink up to 24 ounces of your favorite frosty beverage. Don't forget to pour one out for all the brave men and women who gave the ultimate sacrifice for their country.
Product Specifications
A new poll of GOP primary voters in Nevada has good news for The Donald.
Two women waiting for Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump to arrive in Laredo, Texas, on July 23, 2015. (Photo11: LM Otero, AP)
San Diego — As I watched the Donald Trump photo-op at the U.S.-Mexico border in Laredo, Texas, last week, where the 2016 election's answer to P.T. Barnum backslapped grinning Mexican-American city officials, it occurred to me that news media commentators and political observers should stop mocking Trump's claim that he will win the Hispanic vote.
It could happen — not in the general election, but at least in the Republican primary.
Hispanics for Trump. Imagine seeing those words on a bumper sticker. Given that the billionaire businessman exploded onto the political scene on June 16 with an anti-Mexico screed in which he accused our southern neighbor of “sending people that have lots of problems” who bring drugs and crime, and that he quickly became persona non grata with many Hispanics in the United States no matter what country their parents or grandparents came from, Trump would seem to have a steep hill to climb to earn a second look from America's largest minority.
In a recent Washington Post/ABC News poll, just 13% of Hispanics had a positive opinion of the real-estate mogul, while 81% had a negative view. Compare that with the overall number where 33% of all those surveyed had a favorable view of Trump, while 61% did not.
Unfazed, Trump insists he's a shoo-in for Hispanic support, and the reason comes down to one word: jobs.
“I'll bring the jobs back,” Trump said at a news conference in Laredo. “And, you know, the Hispanics are going to get those jobs. And they're going to love Trump. They already do.”
Really? I'm Hispanic, and I don't love Trump. Although I'm glad he realizes that, in America, the place you're most likely to find Hispanics is on the job. That's a forceful rebuttal to those who insist that Hispanic immigrants come here for welfare.
But there is some good news for Trump, and it comes from the Southwest — which is populated by Mexicans and Mexican Americans who, while registered overwhelmingly as Democrats, have shown a willingness to vote for Republicans from George W. Bush in Texas to Arnold Schwarzenegger in California.
Given that the first three states holding caucuses or primaries — Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina — have small percentages of Hispanics, the first test for Hispanic support will be in Nevada. Given that many restaurant, hotel and casino workers are Hispanic, and that many of them are presumably familiar with the Trump brand, which they consider synonymous with “success,” the billionaire businessman could get on a lucky streak in the Silver State.
Indeed, a new poll of GOP primary voters in Nevada by One America News Network shows Trump in first place among Hispanics. He was the choice of 27.7% of respondents overall. But, among Hispanics, the figure jumped to 31.4%. That showing did not escape Trump, who mentions the poll often.
There are at least three reasons that Trump is likely to make a decent showing with Hispanic voters:
What's the Republican alternative? Will Hispanics flock in droves to Mike Huckabee, Scott Walker, Carly Fiorina, Ben Carson, or much of the rest of the GOP presidential field? Not likely. Only two of the other 15 "also rans" could get in Trump's way with Hispanics in the GOP primaries: Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush. And instead of speaking forthrightly about issues such as immigration, the Floridians often seem cautious and reserved in their comments as if they're afraid of alienating white people. Here's a warning to them, and politicians everywhere: When you flinch, Hispanics notice.
Trump's immigration hard line is not a deal killer with all Hispanics, many of whom want stricter border security. More than half of all Border Patrol agents — about 52% — are Hispanic. Moreover, the closer you get to the border, the more likely you are to find Hispanics who worry about the issue that Trump brought to light: the alleged criminal element coming across the border. That was true in Arizona, where a controversial immigration law requiring police to check the legal status of anyone with whom they came in contact found pockets of support among those who lived on the front lines.
Hispanics are just like other Americans. And why not? In New Mexico and Arizona, some trace their family histories back seven or eight generations. Thus what appeals to many other people about Trump also appeals to them. Hispanics have been deceived and manipulated by both parties. And they're hungry for a candidate who says what he thinks, doesn't back down, hammers the news media, and doesn't sugarcoat differences with opponents. Apart from substance, Trump will get points for his style which — during a hot summer — seems as refreshing as a cool breeze.
Hispanics for Trump? Oh yeah. Get ready. That's a thing.
Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a columnist with The Daily Beast, a nationally syndicated columnist with the Washington Post Writers Group, and the author of A Darker Shade of Crimson: Odyssey of a Harvard Chicano.
In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors.To read more columns like this, go to the Opinion front page.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1S7kYus
A 77–year-old bachelor farmer who was caught drink driving more than three years ago, and whom 'the girls never bothered with', will be allowed “motor on” for another year, a court has decided.
A 77–year-old bachelor farmer who was caught drink driving more than three years ago, and whom 'the girls never bothered with', will be allowed “motor on” for another year, a court has decided.
Tom Sullivan, from Lisheen, Firies, Killarney had pleaded guilty to driving with excess alcohol on October 22 2013 at Leamnaguilla, Beaufort, Killarney.
The blood-alcohol reading was 175 which meant a two-year mandatory suspension from driving, Killarney District Court was told.
Mr Sullivan's solicitor Padraig O'Connell said he was seeking an adjournment “just to keep him going”.
The matter first came before Killarney District Court in June 2014 and was adjourned for various reasons, including at first for the standard disclosure of documents.
This is the case's seventh outing before the court, the State agreed to a final adjournment to November 2018.
Last week, at Killarney District Court, Judge James O'Connor invited the slightly stooped, white-haired Mr Sullivan to sit up near him, on a low chair in front of the bench.
He lived on his own in an isolated area, and the neighbours were “not that good to him,” his solicitor synopsised from previous outings of the case, for Judge O'Connor.
The judge questioned him closely on his circumstances. Mr Sullivan told the judge he lived two and a half miles from Firies village, on the Killarney side.
“I'm off the main road,” he said.
He drove a ‘98 Nissan and he also had “a bit of a tractor”.
“I had a good one, one time,” he told Judge O'Connor.
He had no stock now. His brother, also a bachelor farmer, lived not far – they had two farms. Mr Sullivan, the accused, had remained in “the home place”. Nieces in North Kerry called to him “off and on” but they also called to the brother, he told the judge. He would be totally stranded without his car.
The brother and himself led independent lives, he indicated. “Do ye agree?” Judge O'Connor asked.
“Yera, off and on,” Mr Sullivan replied.
The reading was 175mg per 100 ml of blood, which carried a mandatory two years off the road, the court was told. Mr Sullivan, who was born on 15 September 1939, had no previous convictions.
His solicitor, Mr O'Connell, said he was looking for an adjournment (of the driving ban) “just to keep him going.”
Judge O'Connor remarked “his heart mightn't be the strongest – but he's motoring on.”
Judge O'Connor agreed to a further adjournment, “once more” to the autumn of next year. There was consent from Inspector Niall Crowley, for the State.
The inspector said it would have to be finalised then. The matter has been adjourned to November 2017.
The judge enquired if he had ever bothered with women and as Mr Sullivan made his way from the bench to the body of the court.
“They didn't bother with me!” was the reply.
Judge O'Connor recently hit the headlines when he allowed another farmer in Kerry time to organise his cattle and a chance to go to Lisdoonvarna to find “a nice woman” to drive him around during his disqualification for drink-driving.
Online Editors
Factory Function Pattern In-Depth
Ronald Chen Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 13, 2016
There are plenty great introductions to Factory Functions, but few describe the details of the pattern. If you don't know what a Factory Function is, please watch Factory Functions in Javascript or read the transcription.
This article will describe the smaller patterns within the overall Factory Functions Pattern. All code snippets are written in ECMAScript 2015. As of January 2016 these code snippets will require Babel until Node.js has full ECMAScript 2015 support.
The Basics
A Factory Function is just a Function that creates something. It is usually an Object, but it can be anything, a String, an Array, or even another Function. In this article we will focus on Factory Functions as a replacement for ECMAScript 2015 Class.
Here is a simple Factory Function.
// greeter.js
export default () => {
return {
greet() {
console.log('Hello World!');
}
};
}
That just defines the Factory Function but does not create an instance of the object. This is done is another file, typically the main file.
// main.js
import Greeter from './greeter';
const greeter = Greeter();
greeter.greet(); // prints Hello World!
The convention for Factory Functions is to capitalize the name. This way you can think of it like a class but you don't use new. This is very similar to Scala Case Classes.
Dependency Injection
Let's say we want to greet to a file or to an API. We will refactor the previous example such that we are not greeting directly to console.log.
// greeter.js
export default (outputStream) => {
return {
greet() {
outputStream.send(‘Hello World!');
}
};
}
Notice greeter does not need to know how outputStream is implemented.
// main.js
import Greeter from './greeter';
import ConsoleOutputStream from './console-output-stream';
const consoleOutputStream = ConsoleOutputStream();
const greeter = Greeter(consoleOutputStream);
greeter.greet(); // prints Hello World!
We inject output stream in the main file. This is Dependency Injection. What is console output stream? It's just another Factory Function!
// console-output-stream.js
export default () => {
return {
send(line) {
console.log(line);
}
};
}
Unit Testing
Greeter no longer depends on any global references (i.e. console.log), which means we can now unit test it without any dirty tricks.
We want to assert that the output stream was called with “Hello World!”. This is easy to do when we are in full control of the dependencies.
In JavaScript, it is easy to mock objects with an object literal. This technique is used to mock the output stream and pass it into greeter.
Mocha and Chai are the only tools we need.
// test/greeter.js
import { expect } from 'chai';
import Greeter from '../greeter';
describe('greeter', () => {
it('should send a greeting to output stream', () => {
const outputStream = {
send(line) {
expect(line).to.equal('Hello World!');
}
};
const greeter = Greeter(outputStream);
greeter.greet();
});
});
No mocking library required!
Encapsulation
Private data is required for Encapsulation. With ECMAScript 2015 classes, private data is possible, but awkward. Let's extend our example and make greeter stateful. We will allow others to configure the greeting message, but we will keep the data private.
// greeter.js
export default (outputStream) => {
let _message = 'Hello World!';
return {
greet() {
outputStream.send(_message);
},
set message(message) {
_message = message;
},
get message() {
return _message;
}
};
}
That set/get syntax might look foreign to you, but it is actually just combining ECMAScript 5.1 getters/setters with ECMAScript 2015 Enhanced Object Literals.
We can then use message like a normal property.
// main.js
import Greeter from './greeter';
import ConsoleOutputStream from './console-output-stream';
const consoleOutputStream = ConsoleOutputStream();
const greeter = Greeter(consoleOutputStream);
greeter.message = 'Salutations Earth.';
greeter.greet(); // prints Salutations Earth.
It is impossible to access the _message variable from outside of the Factory Function. Data is kept private. Difference instances of greeter will have their own private copy of _message and will not conflict.
Composition
If we keep the objects created using Factory Functions small, we can use composition to create new objects from smaller components. Let's add some additional functionality so we have something to compose. We will add a wave gesture.
// gesturer.js
export default (outputStream) => {
return {
wave() {
outputStream.send('*Waves hand*');
}
};
}
To create a waving greeter, we simply create the two smaller components, then use Object.assign to compose into a single object.
// main.js
import Greeter from './greeter';
import Gesturer from './gesturer';
import ConsoleOutputStream from './console-output-stream';
const consoleOutputStream = ConsoleOutputStream();
const greeter = Greeter(consoleOutputStream);
const gesturer = Gesturer(consoleOutputStream);
const wavingGreeter = Object.assign({}, greeter, gesturer);
wavingGreeter.message = 'Salutations Earth.';
wavingGreeter.greet(); // prints Salutations Earth.
wavingGreeter.wave(); // prints *Waves hand*
The waving greeter shares the same state as the components it is made up from. We can set a new message on greeter and waving greeter will use it.
Object.assign properties from left to right. In the example, it assigns greet to the empty object, then wave to an object that contains greet.
If there are conflicts, the right most object wins. Or in other words calling a conflicting method is the same as calling the method on the right most object in the list. You can prevent methods from conflicting by wrapping objects and renaming methods before composing them.
Calling Sibling Methods
In all our previous examples we immediately returned the objects we constructed. In more complex objects we might want a method to call another method on the same object. This is possible, but we need to get a reference to the self.
// head-scratcher.js
export default () => {
const self = {
scratch(location) {
console.log(`scratching ${location}`);
},
confused() {
self.scratch('head');
}
};
return self;
}
Bounded Method References
One of the downsides of ECMAScript 2015 Classes is methods depend on the reference. Unfortunately if you want to use a class method in function libraries such as Ramda, you will end up having to bind this back to the class instance.
Let's see what this looks like with ECMAScript 2015 Classes.
// offset.js
export default class Offset {
constructor(delta) {
this.delta = delta;
}
add(value) {
return value + this.delta;
}
}
// main.js
import Offset from './offset';
const increment = new Offset(1);
console.log([1, 2, 3]
.map(increment.add.bind(increment))); // prints [ 2, 3, 4 ]
Objects created using Factory Functions don't have this problem, since there is no this reference. Let's see that same example with Factory Functions.
// offset.js
export default (delta) => {
return {
add(value) {
return value + delta;
}
};
}
// main.js
import Offset from './offset';
const increment = Offset(1);
console.log([1, 2, 3]
.map(increment.add)); // prints [ 2, 3, 4 ]
Notice how much shorter and simpler the code is.
Types
Factory Functions can create informally typed objects. We simply add a getter type property to the object we wish to type.
// duck.js
export default () => {
return {
get type() {
return 'duck';
},
speak() {
return 'quack';
}
};
}
In place of instanceOf, we just use the type property.
// main.js
import Duck from './duck';
import Dragon from './dragon';
const animals = [Duck(), Dragon()];
animals.forEach((animal) => {
switch(animal.type) {
case 'duck':
console.log('safe to pet');
break;
case 'dragon':
console.log('run away');
break;
default:
console.log('be careful');
}
}); // prints safe to pet, then run away
The season finale of Game of Thrones has set a new piracy record, with 1.5 million downloads in eight hours, a number that will swell to over 10 million during the days to come. In addition, the episode is also broke the all-time record for the number of people sharing a single file at the same time.
The fifth season of Game of Thrones has been the most-viewed so far, both through official channels and among pirates.
With this in mind the season finale was expected to be a record breaker, and it didn't disappoint.
With the Internet abuzz over the latest plot twist and turns, many people turned to torrent sites to grab a pirated copy of the show, which appeared online shortly after the broadcast ended.
Data gathered by TorrentFreak shows that during the first eight hours, the season finale has been downloaded an estimated 1.5 million times already.
Never before have we seen this many downloads in such a short period of time, and last year it took half a day to reach the same number. Based on this figure, the download count is expected to increase to more than 10 million during the days to come.
The lower quality 480p copies of the show remain by far the most popular among downloaders, followed by 720p and 1080p copies respectively.
A brief inspection of the download locations shows that Game of Thrones pirates come from all over the world, as we've seen previously. The show is particularly popular in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada and India.
While HBO began warning individual downloaders earlier this year, the piracy demand appears to keep growing. In addition to the 1.5 million downloads the latest episode is also on track to beat the piracy swarm record.
At the time of writing the Demonii tracker reports that 224,367 people are sharing a single torrent at the same time. 150,003 are sharing a complete copy of that particular torrent while 74,364 are still downloading.
The current record stands at a quarter million active sharers, but this is usually reached later in the day. We will update this article in a few hours with an updated count.
Update: At 7:45 PM CET the swarm record was broken. At that time there were 258,131 people sharing a single torrent of the season finale. 181,075 are sharing a complete copy of that particular torrent while 77,056 are still downloading. More updates may follow.
Over the past three years Game of Thrones has been the most pirated TV-show. Based on the number of downloads this season, the same result will be achieved in 2015.
CTV Saskatoon
The Canada Remembers Airshow in Saskatoon has been grounded.
Credit Union Centre has cancelled the show, because it's losing too much money on the event.
Soaring jets and second world war bombers have migrated to Saskatoon every summer for the last 17 years, but this August those famous snow birds will be absent from the land of the living skies.
The CUC says they lost $166,000 from last year's event. They say ticket and sponsorship revenue has not kept up with rising costs. Moving the show to the racetrack instead of the airport meant additional expenses.
Will Lofdahl is the executive director with the CUC. "The airshow is a high quality event and it's a salute to our veterans, and that's important to us, but we also have to be cognizant of the financial side of things because it is part of our charge to do things in a responsible way financially."
A large portion of the show is dedicated to honouring our veterans. The Credit Union Centre says they will continue to work with the veterans to find other opportunities to honour them, like hosting the Remembrance Day ceremonies each year.
"We had 9,000 people here for that event and I'm told it's the largest indoor celebration on Remembrance Day in the country, which is a lot to be proud of," says Lofdahl.
The CUC says there is a possibility the air show will return down the road, if they can make the finances work.
NEW ORLEANS — About 350 teachers recruited in the Philippines to work in Louisiana schools are set to receive roughly $2,200 each from a 2012 federal court decision against a California placement agency.
The American Federation of Teachers, the Southern Poverty Law Center and others had sued in 2010 on behalf of teachers who complained about thousands of dollars in fees charged by. Advocates said many of the teachers wound up in substandard housing.
ADVERTISEMENT
An SPLC attorney says the money is being distributed following legal proceedings involving foreclosure and sale of some agency owner Lourdes Navarro's property.
“The teachers are now splitting the proceeds from that sale,” attorney Jim Knoepp said in an email Friday.
The Louisiana Federation of Teachers, which also pursued action on behalf of the teachers, said the Filipinos worked in Caddo, East Baton Rouge, Jefferson and Avoyelles parishes and state-run schools in New Orleans.
“This is the bittersweet ending to a sad story of exploitation,” Louisiana Federation of Teachers President Larry Carter said in a news release earlier in the week.
The California lawsuit said teachers had to borrow large sums, as much as $16,000, to pay fees to the agency before they left the Philippines. More expenses followed in the U.S., including contracts requiring the teachers to pay a percentage of monthly income to the agency. Teacher advocates said passports and visas often were confiscated and held to ensure fees would be paid.
The suit claimed the threat of huge debt and loss of their visas amounted to forced labor under a federal law against human trafficking passed by Congress in 2000.
After a two-week trial, attorneys said jurors rejected the human trafficking arguments but found the recruiting agency had negligently misrepresented the fees and violated California laws governing employment agencies and unfair business acts. A lawyer for Navarro's agency said after the 2012 verdict that there was no intentional wrongdoing. He called the lawsuit a “witch hunt.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
To me this was a defining moment. Bernie Sanders firmly, clearly, rejected the idea that Henry Kissinger is anyone he would look to for foreign policy advice.
Kissinger is a war criminal. He should have been indicted and imprisoned for breaking the law and directing the secret bombing of Cambodia.
More, and, yes, this is directly from the Sanders campaign:
Kissinger is known for direct involvement in secret coups against democratically elected presidents, support of notorious dictators, the expansion of the national security state, and various human rights violations. New York University History professor Greg Grandin wrote in The Nation that Kissinger's policies led to “3, maybe 4 million deaths” in Vietnam, Cambodia and elsewhere (he caveats that this is a likely underestimate). Many of these involvements were planned in collusion with big corporations and wealthy bankers. (The Nation)
Following is a sample of his most egregious acts while in office.
1. In White house tapes released in 2010, Kissinger is heard telling Nixon in 1973 that helping Soviet Jews emigrate, and escape oppression, was “not an objective of American foreign policy.” He also said “And if they put Jews into gas chambers in the Soviet Union, it is not an American concern. Maybe a humanitarian concern.” Jewish leaders and organizations expressed outrage over this. NYT
2. Kissinger helped wage an illegal war in Cambodia between 1969 and 1973. The war wrecked the country through a huge bombing campaign that killed some 100,000 civilians, and set the stage for the rise of the genocidal Khmer Rouge. Kissinger hid the bombing from the public and U.S Congress by working with military officers to falsify records. (NYT, Politico)
3. Kissinger authorized the secret bombing of Laos during the Vietnam War. There, U.S. forces conducted over 580,000 bombing missions over nine years. Laos' accounting of its casualties cites more than 50,000 people killed and injured by accidents and unexploded ordinance, more than 20,000 of them after the end of the war (Washington Post).
4. In South Asia, Kissinger supported Pakistan's military dictatorship and the bloody crackdown in 1971 on what is today Bangladesh. Conservative estimates say that roughly 200,000 were killed; the official Bangladeshi estimate is three million. Ten million Bengali refugees fled to India, where untold numbers died in refugee camps. Kissinger knowingly violated U.S. law in allowing secret arms transfers to Pakistan during the India-Pakistan war, despite warnings from White House staff and State Department and Pentagon lawyers. (Politico, New Yorker)
5. According to GWU's National Security Archive, the Indonesian government's invasion of Portuguese East Timor in December 1975 occurred with Kissinger's blessing, and behind the backs of Congress. Some 200,000 Timorese died during the 25-year occupation. Kissinger was aware that Suharto planned to invade East Timor, but the invasion was legally problematic because of Indonesia's use of U.S. military equipment that Congress had approved only for self-defense.
6. With billions of corporate investment at stake, Kissinger helped plan a CIA-led coup in Chile in 1973 that led to the assassination of democratically elected president Salvador Allende. Allende had pledged to lead his country “down the democratic road to socialism.” He was replaced by the notorious dictator, Augusto Pinochet, whose government killed at least 3,197 people and tortured about 29,000. Kissinger's top deputy for Latin America advised him make human rights central to U.S.-Chilean relations; instead Kissinger told Pinochet that his regime was a victim of leftist propaganda. “In the United States, as you know, we are sympathetic with what you are trying to do here…“You did a great service to the West in overthrowing Allende.” (LINK)
7. In the late 1960s, Kissinger was involved in the secret wiretapping of National Security Council staff. He urged Nixon to go after Daniel Ellsberg for having released the Pentagon Papers, which resulted in government charges against The New York Times for violations against the Espionage Act (the charges did not hold). NYT
8. In the mid-70s, Kissinger began to urge apartheid South Africa, with which he was closely aligned, to secretly intervene in Angola's civil war to prevent (Marxist) MPLA from taking power (LINK). The U.S. was directly involved in the civil war. In addition to training Angolan combat units, U.S. personnel carried out reconnaissance and supply missions, and the CIA spent over a million dollars on its mercenary program. The war took more than 300,000 lives. (LINK)
9. Kissinger and Nixon's orientation toward southern African states with white majority leadership was outlined in a secret NSC policy study called the “Tar Baby” report. Anthony Sampson noted in Black and Gold that “The Nixon-Kissinger policy effectively condoned Pretoria's apartheid system, and left it to corporations and banks to try to liberalize it.” (LINK) According to Grandin, such policies cost millions of lives. (The Nation)
10. The Shah of Iran was installed into power as a result of a joint British-U.S. coup. Kissinger engaged a policy of unconditional support for the Shah. He overrode State Department and Pentagon objections to allow Iran broad access to military equipment, and authorized the CIA training of the Shah's torturous secret police. He exacerbated tensions with Tehran after the Revolution (resulting in the hostage crisis) by urging Carter to grant the Shah asylum in the United States. (Salon)
11. In 1975, Kissinger thought he had worked out a balance of power between Iran and Iraq, and thus withdrew support for the Kurds. Iraq attacked the Kurds, killing thousands, and implemented a program of ethnic cleansing, relocating Kurdish survivors and moving Arabs into their homes. (Salon)
12. In 1980, Saddam Hussein invaded Iran -- a war that cost hundreds of thousands of lives. Reagan supported Iraq, but also illegally trafficked weapons to Iran (Iran-Contra scandal). Raymond Tanter of the NSC reported that at a foreign-policy briefing for nominee Reagan in 1980, Kissinger suggested “the continuation of fighting between Iran and Iraq was in the American interest.” The U.S., he said, “should capitalize on continuing hostilities.” (Salon)
13. Newly released documents have Kissinger mapping out secret contingency plans to launch airstrikes against Havana and “smash Cuba.” Mr. Kissinger worried that the U.S. would look weak if it did not respond. He had previously planned an underground effort to improve relations, but after Castro sent troops to Angola to help the newly independent nation fend off attacks from South Africa and right-wing guerrillas, Kissinger started to plan a U.S. airstrike. (NYT)
That is the difference between a resume on foreign policy versus wisdom and judgement
=========================================================
ORDER THE ESSENTIAL BERNIE SANDERS AND HIS VISION FOR AMERICA
President Obama will give an interview to Fox News' Major Garrett, Fox News confirmed to the Huffington Post.
Drudge reported Wednesday that the interview will take place during the president's trip to China next week. This news comes just one day after it was reported that Obama Communications Director Anita Dunn -- the so-called general in the administration's war against Fox News -- will be stepping down.
The Obama administration's battle against Fox News has been two-pronged: members of the administration have characterized Fox News as not a legitimate news network while also regularly denying the network interviews with key figures. When Obama did the Sunday morning talk show rounds, for instance, he skipped out on "Fox News Sunday" with Chris Wallace.
"This White House has demonstrated our willingness to exclude Fox News from newsmaking interviews, but yesterday we did not," White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the day after Garrett interviewed "pay czar" Kenneth Feinberg.
Fox News executive Michael Clemente met recently at the White House with Press Secretary Robert Gibbs, and since then the tensions between the two parties have cooled; senior adviser David Axelrod granted an interview to Garrett last week.
The president's interview, coupled with Dunn leaving her interim post, are further signals that the administration is ramping down its battle against the cable news outlet.
The New York Times had reported that the White House "informed Fox News not to expect to bump knees with the president until 2010."
Update: A White House offiical has told Politico that the report that Obama is sitting down with Fox News while he is in China is "not accurate."
Onyx Path Kickstarters: Worldwide, Not Just for the US
News
A couple of days ago someone from the UK asked me why Onyx Path's Kickstarters only shipped to the US, because they wanted to contribute too. Others chimed in with similar sentiments.
Onyx Path's Kickstarters have all shipped globally. In general, if you live in an area where things can get shipped to you, you can get a deluxe edition via our Kickstarters.
I'm guessing people reading the reward tiers see the lower tiers that say “ships only within the US,” and don't read any further to the tiers that ship to non-US locations.
Here's an example from the V20 Dark Ages Deluxe Edition Kickstarter we're currently running (subtle, no?)
The non-US cost is a little higher just to account for shipping charges outside the US, but it's still there. Any tier I can think of which has a specific US only tag has an equivalent tier for everywhere outside the US.
We're sorry if you've missed a previous Kickstarter you wanted to get in on, but at least you know now and can still contribute to future Kickstarters if you like.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption John Pienaar reports on the background and aspirations of the two contenders
Theresa May and Andrea Leadsom will battle it out to become the next leader of the Conservative Party after Michael Gove was eliminated from the contest.
After the second MPs' ballot, Home Secretary Mrs May finished with 199 votes, Energy Minister Mrs Leadsom 84 and Mr Gove, the justice secretary, 46.
Conservative members will now decide the winning candidate, with the result due on 9 September.
The winner will become the UK's second female prime minister.
Mr Cameron resigned after finishing on the losing side in the UK's EU referendum, in which there was a vote for the UK to leave.
The results were announced at Westminster by Conservative MP Graham Brady, the chairman of the backbench 1922 Committee.
There had originally been five contenders to succeed Mr Cameron, with MPs voting in two rounds to get that number down to two.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa May: We need proven leadership to negotiate the best deal
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Andrea Leadsom calls for 'honourable' campaigning
The contest now moves to its final stage with the Conservative Party's 150,000-strong membership deciding between Mrs May, a Remain campaigner with a long track record in government, and Mrs Leadsom, a leading light of the Brexit campaign who has stressed her City and business background.
Speaking after the results were announced, Mrs May said she had secured support from all wings of the Conservative Party and pledged to bring the Tories together.
She promised "strong, proven leadership" to negotiate the UK's departure from the EU, and to "make Britain a country that works not for a privileged few but for every one of us".
Conservative MP Tim Loughton, Mrs Leadsom's campaign manager, said she would bring a "huge and fresh skills base" to Downing Street if elected.
He played down her lack of cabinet experience, saying she would have "no problem stepping up to the job" having had a long career outside politics, adding: "She has done things outside of this place on so many different levels."
Analysis by Nick Robinson, Radio 4's Today presenter
Now we know. The name of Britain's next prime minister will be either Andrea or Theresa.
Two women. Two Tories. Two potential leaders who - whether they like it or not, whether the country likes it or not - are destined to be dubbed the new Maggie.
That though is where the similarities between May and Leadsom end. One - of course - made the case, ever so quietly, for Remain. The other argued, ever so passionately, for Leave.
One is highly experienced - the longest-serving home secretary for more than a century. The other would be the least experienced prime minister this country has had since Pitt the Younger.
Not only has Andrea Leadsom had no Cabinet experience. Unlike David Cameron or Tony Blair, she has not served an apprenticeship as leader of the opposition.
But this run-off is about much more than that. May and Leadsom are figureheads for two very different visions of Conservatism, backed by different factions which have been at war in the party for a quarter of a century. Read Nick's full article
Mr Gove said he was "naturally disappointed" not to have made it to the final two, describing the remaining contenders as "formidable politicians".
He welcomed the fact that the UK would be getting a second female prime minister - after Margaret Thatcher - and called for a "civilised, inclusive, positive and optimistic debate".
Mr Gove did not announce backing for either candidate, but several of his key backers, including Education Secretary Nicky Morgan and Culture Minister Ed Vaizey, switched their support to Mrs May.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Andrea Leadsom has "real steel" and "real compassion" - Iain Duncan Smith
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Amber Rudd doubts whether her junior colleague, Andrea Leadsom, has the experience to run the country
Anyone wanting to vote has to have been a member of the Conservative Party by 9 June.
Polling expert Professor John Curtice, of Strathclyde University, said the electorate for the contest represented a "very distinctive slice of Britain".
They would be mostly over 50, disproportionately male, and "overwhelmingly middle class", he said.
Conservative leadership election
Ballot papers sent out mid-August
Ballot closes at noon on Friday 9 September. Votes will be counted electronically.
Conservative Party members can vote by postal ballot or online.
"Qualifying party members" of more than three months' standing can vote. In practice, anyone who joined the party by 9 June.
The spending limit set by the Conservative 1922 Committee is £135,000.
Hustings to be organised across the UK.
Guide to the contest
He predicted the Brexit debate would "play a role" in the contest, but not a defining one. About two thirds of Tory members voted to leave, but a higher proportion saw a candidate's leadership credentials and vision for Britain as the most important factor, he added.
Mrs Leadsom's departmental boss, Energy Secretary Amber Rudd, is backing Mrs May and took aim at her junior ministerial colleague's lack of government experience.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Winner "will lead country well" - Michael Gove
She said: "The fact that she hasn't had experience at the Cabinet table, hasn't had much experience even as a junior minister - let's face it she's had just two years - I do think is a problem at this stage."
But one of Mrs Leadsom's high-profile backers, former worker and pensions secretary Iain Duncan Smith, said she would "develop" over the coming weeks and get "better and better and better".
Mrs Leadsom is also supported by former London mayor and one-time leadership favourite Boris Johnson, who said she would replace the "absurd gloom in some quarters with a positive confident and optimistic approach".
UKIP leader Nigel Farage said on Twitter he was backing her.
The mayor of Homestead, Fla., has been arrested on illegal compensation charges from a secret consulting job he had with a Florida health clinic company. He is the third mayor of a Miami-Dade County city to be arrested in the past month on corruption or ethics charges.
MIAMI — The mayor of Homestead, Fla., has been arrested on illegal compensation charges from a secret consulting job he had with a Florida health clinic company. He is the third mayor of a Miami-Dade County city to be arrested in the past month on corruption or ethics charges.
Miami-Dade State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle's office said Wednesday that 58-year-old Steve Bateman was arrested at his home. The investigation centers on Bateman's $125-an-hour gig with Community Health of South Florida Inc. The company was seeking approval from the Homestead city council to expand in the city.
Authorities say Bateman never disclosed his consulting work. They also say Bateman sought county approval for sewer improvements for the health clinic without disclosing his job with the company.
Court records did not list an attorney for him Wednesday morning.
President-elect Donald Trump.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
I'm not sure anybody is ready to put into words what transpired Tuesday night. Donald Trump, a know-nothing demagogue who rallied working-class white voters to his campaign by scapegoating Hispanics and Muslims, who winked to white nationalists, who promised to shred America's traditional foreign policy alliances, who shattered basic norms like releasing his tax returns, who spent several days of his candidacy insulting the parents of a fallen U.S. soldier, has won the presidency of the United States. He is a political figure unlike any in our history, and it is hard to fathom what his victory will mean for the future of our country and national character.
But speaking purely from a policy perspective, I do think it is clear what we are about to lose. It starts with the erasure of the Obama era, which gave America its first true steps toward a more progressive, compassionate government after some three decades of conservative policy dominance—all while helping the country gradually recover from the worst economic catastrophe since the Great Depression. Trump will happily undo every piece of the president's legacy that he can, if only to satisfy his personal vendetta against the man. And he will have the aid of Republicans in the House and Senate, who have been biding their time since 2010 for the opportunity roll back Obama's key achievements. Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan may not see eye to eye on everything. But they do share a desire to blot out the past eight years.
Obamacare is, of course, in deep danger. For all its faults, the law has helped extend health insurance to some 20 million Americans who previously lacked coverage. It now stands to be repealed—and possibly replaced with some insubstantial, faux version of reform. It will only take 51 votes in the Senate to do it thanks to the chamber's budget reconciliation rules. Furthermore, Trump has said he would turn Medicaid into a block grant program, which would likely leave millions more uninsured.
For technical reasons, some of Obama's other achievements may be trickier to dismantle wholesale, but at the very least Trump will be able to erode them badly. (And if Republicans eliminate the filibuster, it won't be tricky at all.) Trump has promised to junk the Environmental Protection Agency's Clean Power Plan, the president's legacy of fighting climate change, and Dodd-Frank's Wall Street reforms. The planet will continue to heat. The markets will be free to run wild. We may very likely collapse into another recession.
In many ways, it will almost be as if the past eight years never happened. And what then? It's possible the Trump era might become a truly radical experiment in conservative government: He has promised enormous corporate and personal income tax cuts that would favor the rich. Presumably, something will be cut to pay for it—and I think it's safe to assume that something will be programs for aiding the poor. If so, America would be a hungrier, sicker, more unequal place in the future.
You can speculate more—about trade wars, about what on earth his immigration policy will actually be. None of these touches his terrifying authoritarian instincts, his frighteningly incoherent foreign policy pronouncements, or that he will be able to pick at least one Supreme Court justice. But in the shock of this moment, what I personally keep coming back to is the future America has chosen to turn its back on. The past eight years made halting progress toward a more fair government and economy. Right now, we can only mourn that progress's imminent loss.
See more Slate coverage of the election.
Welcome to Etz Hayyim Synagogue, Hania
Until 1999 Etz Hayyim was a desecrated house of prayer that remained the sole Jewish monument on the Island of Crete after the destruction of our Jewish community in 1944. Essentially it stood as a monument to the success of the Nazis in obliterating 2,300 years of Jewish life on the island of Crete. From 1996 until the year of its re-dedication in 1999 the structure was painstakingly restored. The philosophy that directed this work is summed up in the Hebrew ‘Am Israel Hayy' – ‘The people of Israel live'. In 1996, the Synagogue was mentioned on the World Monument Fund's list of most endangered sites, but today it stands as a vibrant statement of Jewish life, vitality and values.
We invite you to explore our rich history as well as our current activities and events.
WILMINGTON, N.C. (April 22, 2016) – New York Red Bulls II extended its unbeaten streak to five games with a win against Wilmington Hammerheads FC at Legion Stadium, 1-0. Dan Metzger scored the game-winner, his first professional goal, in the 59th minute to seal the victory for New York.
The win improves Red Bulls II to 3-0-2 on the season. NYRB II earned its fourth consecutive shutout and has not conceded a goal in the last 405 minutes.
New York's current five-game unbeaten streak is the longest in club history.
Red Bulls II saw its first scoring chance of the game in the 19th minute. Derrick Etienne Jr. stepped up to take the New York corner kick and swung in a cross. Konrad Plewa rose above the pack and headed towards goal, but goalkeeper John Smits collected the shot.
Brandon Allen nearly put New York ahead in the 31st minute after a sequence of passes around the penalty box. A deflected pass by Metzger fell to Allen whose left-footed shot pinged off the crossbar and out.
New York eventually found the breakthrough in the 59th minute. The play began with a cross from Etienne Jr., which connected with the head of Stefano Bonomo at the back post. Smits saved his header, but a failed clearance fell to Metzger who banged home his first goal of the season.
In the 87th minute, Red Bulls II nearly doubled the lead when a long ball from Tyler Adams found Junior Flemmings on the right side of the box. The Jamaican forward cut back towards the middle to create space for himself, and unleashed a left-footed shot that smashed off the crossbar.
Wilmington put the ball in the back of the net during stoppage time, but the referee waived off the goal for a foul suffered by Rafael Diaz, and Red Bulls II earned its second road win of the season.
Red Bulls II returns home to Red Bull Arena next weekend on Sunday, May 1, for a showdown with Charlotte Independence at 4 p.m. ET.
Discipline Summary:
WIL: Josue Currais Prieto, Caution 33'
Josue Currais Prieto, Caution 33' NY: Derrick Etienne Jr., Caution 33'
Derrick Etienne Jr., Caution 33' WIL: Ashani Fairclough, Caution 82'
Scoring Summary (Assists in parenthesis):
NY: Dan Metzger 59'
Lineup:
NY: Rafael Diaz, Justin Bilyeu (Noah Powder, 46'), Tim Schmoll, Zach Carroll (Cheikh M'Baye, 46'), Konrad Plewa, Tyler Adams, Dan Metzger, Derrick Etienne Jr. (Zoumana Simpara, 73'), Junior Flemmings, Brandon Allen (Brian Saramago, 85'), Stefano Bonomo
Subs not used: Sam Ilin, Aaron Long, Speedy Williams
WIL: John Smits, Josue Currais Prieto, Logan Miller (Austin Martz, 71'), Bruno Perone, Ashani Fairclough, Michael Mecham, Mael Corboz, Qudus Lawal (Kyle Parker, 78'), Jeff Michaud (Bryce Taylor, 79'), Justin Moose (Zev Taublieb, 89'), Matthew Barnes-Homer
Subs not used: Eric Ati, Stefan Defregger, Peabo Doue
Man of the Match: Dan Metzger
… and don't get him started on Mock the Week. In a rare interview, the caustic Scots comic turns his fire on the BBC, Charlie Brooker and reaction to that Jordan joke
I meet Frankie Boyle on a damp Glasgow morning. We head towards his caffeine pit-stop of choice, where the famously offensive comic proceeds to hold forth on everything from northern soul to HP Lovecraft. He does all of this gently; not once does he spit "shit hat, you old hag" at passing Glaswegian grandmothers.
With some coffee inside him, Boyle does start to unleash a little bile, his invective directed against what he sees as safe middle-class comedy. It's been two years since Boyle left Mock The Week, the show that made his name, and a year since his solo programme Tramadol Nights caused tabloid uproar and was investigated by Ofcom over its material. Next year he will return to the live circuit, taking his show The Last Days Of Sodom on tour around the UK. The one thing notably absent from our chat is an ounce of regret about the offence he's caused and outrage he's inspired. There is a sense that, for Boyle, regret or apology would be like editing a novel once it was published or turning up at the cinema to make some fresh cuts. Offence is far from the sole intent of his work, but is a part of it. He's not one to make it easy for those who enjoy his satirical barbs, as they also have to put up with the disability gags and low digs. Whether you call that challenging or childish is up to you, but one thing's for certain: Boyle couldn't give a fuck either way.
Tramadol Nights got a bumpy ride from some critics, did that surprise you?
I was really happy with it. It was supposed to be complete nihilism. If you can accept that, you will like it; if you don't, you'll really hate it. I was always doing a cult thing and I happened to get a mainstream audience. The expectation was high, but comedy doesn't rate like Strictly Come Dancing. We did a show that was like: alternative comedy did happen; for people who'd watched The Young Ones. There was plenty of politics and satire in there.
Frankie Boyle onstage. Photograph: Graeme Hunter
Was it the wrong kind of satire for some reviewers?
If you're from Oxbridge and upper middle class you're going to get a different reception, as people think you are doing things deliberately. I could do a show that's exactly what they [reviewers] want – that form of satire – but for me that involves taking things too seriously.
Are you talking about Have I Got News For You?
That is everything that's wrong. It brings people on and humanises them. They say, "This is intelligent satire" but it's people laughing at "John Prescott is fat" jokes long after he's retired. They should do what they do in any other emergency and that's from an emergency committee, get some people who are still alive, and work out how to resolve things. The riots were probably a culture thing. Twelve weeks of Show Me The Funny, that would be enough to make you kick a window in.
Do you like anything, comedy-wise at the moment? Stewart Lee, perhaps?
It seems to me [he's] irrelevant and flabby. OK, you don't like Russell Howard; that's fine. But don't put on your posters "a new kind of political comedy". Yeah, without any politics. Crisps? What the fuck is that about? People internalise marketing. You sell yourself and people sell stuff to you. He ends up going, "Michael McIntyre, Russell Howard, not like me." What the fuck is that? Sick of that old washing powder?
Tramadol Nights prompted comments from the chairman of the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport select committee about your use of racial language. What did you make of the row?
Frankie Boyle on Tramadol Nights.
There is the public culture and the real culture; the public culture has to be a pantomime. People have to be horrified, no one can have indifference and ennui. The thing that really got me was me doing anti-war jokes and it being dismissed as racist. That department of war thing was from Lloyd George. Black people and Asian people come up to me and say they love that joke, they want to talk about it. I am a comic, that is my job. I am not serving you gammon in a supermarket. My job is to take those words and use them in a way that makes them a bit more worthwhile. It's a joke that says we have always been intensely racist and our department of defence underlines that. You would think politicians would have better things to discuss in the middle of three wars and an economic collapse.
Do people miss the fact that you often play an exaggerated version of yourself?
Yes, it's not me. It is not me at all. Fuck them. That Harvey and Jordan thing is funny or horribly offensive depending on whether you're Scottish or English. There is a much broader sense of dark humour up here but also that sense of being able to say things in different voices. In Glasgow that's a standard thing: "Imagine this guy saying that, or this guy would say that." You can do "My dog's got no nose?" and people might call the RSPCA. It's a joke! You can't treat people like idiots. To be honest, 90% of the people get it, the rest are Daily Mail-ers or something.
Some of Tramadol Nights' sketches were longer than we normally see on television. Was that deliberate?
It is that thing of: four minutes, fuckers. Nobody watched that and thought, "What is wrong with me? I can't even concentrate for four minutes." Monty Python was seven, eight, nine minutes. There are gags every two lines, it's just that you can't handle four minutes. I'd cut other gags off really abruptly.
Tramadol Nights poster
Have you ever tried Tramadol?
I haven't used it. I would like to, but there are a lot of drugs I would try before Tramadol. I would like to try doing more acid and write on that. I have done a little bit, for a story in my book. There's a show called The Game that everybody is watching and I tried to write about what this idea would be like on telly. It's a trippy story about this show. It's about one of the big questions in our society: why nothing is ever enough.
Your book, Work! Consume! Die!, is partly made up of your columns for the Sun, is that paper not an odd match for you?
Sure. That is the whole thing for me: trying to put in jokes and ideas so that people, without noticing, start to adopt those ideas. They are pretty good in terms of what they put in; it's much easier to get a joke in the Sun than on the BBC. It's much easier to mention the war. You expect people reading newspapers to be interested in it, whereas you get Mock The Week in the week of the News Of The World story not mentioning it at all. And [the Jam's] News Of The World is their theme tune!
Has the change of government changed the way you look at things at all?
We are led by the least among us. People are medicated and TV is one of the things that they are medicated with. You are fucking expected to take the degradation you receive as if people are zombies. People are like, "Fuck off I have nothing, I may as well go and nick a plasma." Why wouldn't you? Look at the cultural response to the riots, everyone turns into the Daily Mail. Even Charlie Brooker's column was like "put them in the stocks". He was joking, but that's the general vibe from the Guardian and Observer. Imagine: Tunisia starts with looting and they bring on a Tunisian expert and he says, "It's just arseholes, really." That is what we get here. Get me another expert.
You announced your retirement from stand-up last year. How's that going?
Frankie Boyle on Tramadol Nights.
I have started back. I'm going to record it for a DVD before I tour, before I have to go and make it work in Hull on a Wednesday or something like that. By the time I finish the DVD and write the next book I'll be 41 and I'll have worked for the last 11 years flat-out without holidays. I'll do the odd thing when I have a good idea. I'm not Russell Brand or Ricky Gervais, but I have enough money that I don't have to work. Most people who've done what I do don't have that.
I want to be a part of a vibrant culture and have a more open culture. But I'm not whinging, I have a platform and I like what I do.
Frankie Boyle's book Work! Consume! Die! is out now, published by HarperCollins
Photo: sskennel, Flickr, CC
The Toyota Prius hybrid has been on fire (not literally) in its home market of Japan ever since it was redesigned for the 2010 model year. It has been the #1 best-selling car in the land of the rising sun for the past 18 months, and it even won " Car of the Year " for 2010. But few would have predicted that the Prius would beat the 20-year old record set by the Corolla for most sales in Japan in a calendar year!
It looks almost like a done-deal for the Prius:
Toyota sold 297,563 Priuses in its home market in the first 11 months of the year. That January-November number is just 2,445 short of the country's record annual sales by model of 300,008 vehicles logged by the Corolla in 1990, and as the Nikkei business daily suggests, even allowing for an industry-wide sales slowdown, the Corolla record is about to be overtaken, since Toyota has sold at least 20,000 Prius cars every month this year so far. (source)
What's even more impressive about that is that when the Corolla set its record, total vehicle sales in Japan for that year were 7.78 million, while this year is gearing up for only 5.0 million. The Corolla will keep holding the cumulative sales record, though, but it has been around a lot longer than the Prius. Who knows how well the Prius badge will sell in 20 years?
This isn't likely to happen again next year unless the generous government incentives for fuel-efficient vehicles are renewed, but maybe we'll see a repeat when Toyota comes out with the plug-in Prius (when converted to US gallons and US dollars, the price of gas in Japan is above $5/gallon).
Via WSJ
More on Green(er) Cars
BYD Stops Production of F3e Electric Car (At Least for Now)
With 11 Days to Go, Chevy Volt #1 Charity Auction Reaches $180,000
GM to Hire 1,000 Engineers & Researchers to Develop Electric Vehicles
Honda Unveils the Fit EV Concept and a Plug-In Hybrid Platform
Ford Announces Markets Where Focus Electric Will be Available in Late 2011
GE to Purchase 25,000 Electric Cars by 2015!
Any renderings of a retro-spirited reborn Land Rover Defender can be shelved, if the words of Land Rover's chief creative officer, Gerry McGovern, can be taken at face value. McGovern said the new Defender's design has been locked in place, and that it will not be a simple retro retread of the vaunted original. Not everyone will like it, according to McGovern. He called it "polarizing."
The upcoming new Defender is slated to be revealed in 2019, and it will have an important role in Jaguar Land Rover's SUV lineup. It is to be as off-road capable as the Defenders that have gone before, but the design will not be limited by its heritage, even though the valued bloodline will be respected.
"I do think it needs to acknowledge the great heritage of Defender in terms of its capabilities, durability and is robustness but not necessarily in terms of its visual quality," said McGovern at the Los Angeles Auto Show, as reported by Drive.com.au.
"I don't think we should be doing a pastiche of what we have been doing before," McGovern said. "If [the loyalists] are expecting a facsimile of the old one with all this new technology, then I don't think they'll be pleased." There is sound reasoning in his sentiments, especially considering the new vehicle should be a standalone product instead of merely doing fan service.
"The reality is the loyalists are loyalists and they love their Defenders, but they probably won't buy a new one because they love the old one. This vehicle will have to appeal to a new generation by virtue of its scale — it will need to sell in much bigger numbers than the original. And in order to get the investment back that's going into it, it will be a global vehicle and it will have to bring more people to the brand," said McGovern, with refreshing honesty.
So, think of it as a British prog rock band releasing new, fresh material instead of just playing the Best Of collection on their stadium tours. As Spinal Taps once put it, "Hope you like our new direction."
By Alicia Ashby
DC Comics is giving Wonder Woman a big push these days. She?s co-starring in their new weekly book, Trinity, where Kurt Busiek and Fabian Nicieza carefully explain how she?s one of the three superheroes who are more important than everyone else in the universe. She?s got a new direct-to-DVD animated series coming up, penned by fan-favorite comic book writer Gail Simone? who, hey, is finally salvaging something readable out of the 2006 relaunch of DC?s monthly Wonder Woman comic book.
You?d think people would in a frenzy of Wonder-mania, the same as we were during the great Superman media blitz that preceded the mediocre Superman Returns, or the Batman blitz that predated the total rad Dark Knight flick. And yet, and yet? look, let?s be honest: nobody cares about any of this. Nobody really cares about Wonder Woman. There have been times in the past when people sort of cared about her for awhile, but it?s wishful thinking to say she?s as important?or even as interesting?as Superman or Batman just because she?s nearly as old.
In fact, here are ten reasons why nobody really cares about Wonder Woman, even if they say they do. At best, people care about all the things that Wonder Woman could be, but isn?t, thanks to the character?s long history of editorial mismanagement, bizarrely bad writing, and a near-total lack of focus.
type="text/javascript">
10) Madame, Please Put on Some Pants
Let?s start with a basic problem, the character?s look. Wonder Woman?s costume, much like Superman and Batman, hasn?t really changed that much since her Golden Age appearances. If you don?t believe me, then check out the cover of the first issue of her Golden Age series?
? and the cover of the first issue of her recent relaunch.
See? The shorts have become a more star-spangled leotard and the bustier designs are slightly different, but that?s it. This is something of a problem.
While the original, Golden Age Wonder Woman comics expressed little more than a wistful desire for something like a feminist movement (with spankings!) to happen, Feminism has become a real-world concept between then and now. Women dress differently now, for different reasons, and ideas about what a woman?s outfit expresses have changed.
In the '40s, a woman in short-shorts was telling you she was no housewife! She was going to go out and do all kinds of unladylike things that involved exercise and possibly building muscle. In the 90?s, a woman who?s rolling into battle wearing a leotard resembles? um? nothing so much as an extremely angry underwear model.
9) There Are No Great Wonder Woman Stories
If a friend of yours is getting interested in superheroes and asks for some really great story recommendations, what kind of thing are you going to tell your buddy to read? You?ll probably recommend stand-alone, influential stories featuring minimal continuity and big-name creators at the top of their game. If you buddy likes Batman, you?ll send him to The Dark Knight Returns, Batman: Year 100, or The Killing Joke. If it?s Superman, you can point your pal at Whatever Happened to the Man of Tomorrow, Red Son, or Secret Identity. If it?s Wonder Woman? uh…
? shit. The best Wonder Woman ever manages is coming along for the ride in big universe-wide stories like Kingdom Come and New Frontier, or weirdo costume dramas like Wonder Woman: Amazonia. In terms of stories that would actually make you think Wonder Woman is a great character? Apparently DC?s got absolutely nothin?.
8) In Fact, Most Wonder Woman Comics Are Completely Terrible
Where Wonder Woman has seen the bulk of her superhero action has been in her solo comics, and as a member of assorted Justice clubs over the years. When she?s hanging around with a team, Wonder Woman tends to just be a bruiser who?s also good at restraining and extracting information from people. In an anthology, her solo stories could be a bizarre if welcome change of pace.
In her monthly comic, which DC doggedly struggles to keep in publication, Wonder Woman tends to be at her worst. There have been good runs, most modern and heavily revisionist, by the likes of George Perez, Greg Rucka, and the aforementioned Gail Simone? but the vast majority of classic Wonder Woman comic book stories are absolute dreck, and often to a far greater degree than your run-of-the-mill bad comics. I mean, just look at some of this shit. It?s like DC was hiring twelve-year-olds, and not talented ones like Jim Shooter, either.
7) Golden Age Wonder Woman Comics Were Really, Really Terrible
Now, Wonder Woman is bad throughout most of her ?classic? period, which gives modern writers precious little to draw upon when trying to make her modern comics interesting. It?s not a case of her Silver Age being degenerate from more promising Golden Age adventures, either. If you go back to the original Wonder Woman comics done by her original creators? Jesus Christ. A Golden Age Superman or Batman story may be crude, but there?s still something fundamentally recognizable about it. You can imagine how the characters got from that old Point A to their shiny, modern Point B.
Wonder Woman?s Golden Age books are hallucinogenic nightmares of bad plot, arbitrary story, and lots of loving depictions of fetishistic behavior that are just quaint and ridiculous now. From the lousy lettering to the bad writing to the poorly-composed artwork, I?d be tempted to say that Golden Age Wonder Woman comics are just unreadable to the modern fan. Check out the examples below, and bear in mind that almost every single Golden Age Wonder Woman story is exactly this crude and insane in almost every single panel of every page.
And there are hundreds of them.
6) Her Lasso of Bondage
Wonder Woman?s signature weapon is her magic lasso, which modern writers desperately struggle to make interesting. It?s unbreakable, and can compel you to tell the truth, and would be appropriate for roughly a 4th-level campaign in D&D. Sometimes it?s almost sad how eager modern creators are to get more martial, interesting-looking weapons like swords and spears into Wonder Woman?s hands.
I can?t blame them, though. We covered a lot of the god-awful goofy baggage Wonder Woman?s terrible Silver and Golden Age comics saddle her with, but the Golden Lasso is probably the worst. You see, in the Golden Age, the Lasso compelled you to obey Wonder Woman?s commands. In part, this is because Wonder Woman was an agent of Aphrodite tasked with ending violence, and in part because her creator William Moulton Marston had some incredibly unusual ideas about world peace.
You see, ?Charles Moulton?, as he signed his comic, had some very loving relationships that involved women he adored tying him up and probably spanking him. Somehow he moved from his own personal enjoyment to deciding that if the entire world could adopt a similar domination/submission fetish, the result would be world peace. Everyone would either have loving subbies to lovingly dominate, or be lovingly vice versa.
So, well? the comics are full to the brim with bizarre, uncomfortable shit like this.
—-
5) The Invisible Plane
Okay, I lied. The Golden Age saddled Wonder Woman with something even more irritating than the damn Lasso. There?s also her idiotic Invisible Plane, which is also a robot plane that pilots itself and only responds to Wonder Woman?s voice and breaks all the laws of aerodynamics.
The Invisible Plane is just a bad idea, but since it?s an old bad idea, generations of comics creators have tried to force it into stories and desperately struggled not to make it look idiotic. I don?t know why, because I?ve never read an Invisible Plane scene that wasn?t awkward as hell, and it?s not like there?s any great potential inherent in the idea. I mean, check out the way Wonder Woman acquires her Jet in her origin story from Golden Age Wonder Woman #1.
? yeah, seriously, it?s just a thing she had lying around. Later stories attempted to retcon in different origins for the Invisible Plane, but they were only differently stupid.
One of the best changes George Perez instituted with his Wonder Woman revamp was ditching the Invisible Plane and just making Wonder Woman fly, since effectively that?s all it made her do anyway. But no, this is superhero comics, so bad ideas are never really allowed to quietly sulk off to die. Even guys who should really know better are going to try to bring it back, as if to remind us of what a bad idea it was in the first place.
Fuck the Invisible Jet. Wonder Woman ripped off plenty of Superman?s other schticks, just make life easier on the artists and let her fly around by herself. Maybe someday in the future someone will think of a super-badass thing to do with the Invisible Jet, and if so it?ll be the first good idea the concept?s generated in the over sixty years it?s been hanging around.
4) Terrible Villains
Early Wonder Woman stories, like most Golden Age stuff, didn?t really have a grasp on the ?super-villain? concept yet. Their spectacular heroes usually wasted their time fighting Nazi saboteurs, random mobsters, and other generic crooks. On the rare occasions where Wonder Woman did get to fight super-villains? man, what she got saddled with made lame-asses like the Prankster and Toyman seem like sheer genius.
Just about every superhero still in print at DC is still mostly fighting the villains they were fighting in the Golden or Silver Age, or at least villains patterned after their ?original? style of baddie. This leaves Wonder Woman in a bad way, since she never fought anyone worth giving a damn about to begin with. Occasionally one of her better modern authors will salvage something usable out of the original shit villains I?m about to show you, but nothing that?s given her an equivalent to the Joker or Lex Luthor (and no, Circe in the current run doesn?t count – she sucks).
3) Everybody Hates Steve Trevor
Steve Trevor is a douchebag.
He?s Wonder Woman?s love interest from the very beginning, but not for any clear reason other than he?s the first man she ever saw. He has no particular virtues other than a sort of buffoonish, thick-headed sort of courage. He?s often dim-witted and helpless, even moreso than Superman?s similar counterpart Lois Lane, going on adventures purely so Wonder Woman can rescue him.
It?s hard to even fathom what his role in the story was supposed to be?were boys supposed to identify with him? Were girls supposed to find him romantic? Mostly, he was just irritating when he wasn?t being played outright for comic relief. In the modern books, Steve Trevor hung around for awhile, but he had become the Invisible Planet of the relaunch. Nobody wanted to see him tepidly romance Wonder Woman again. Good riddance to that.
2) No Supporting Cast (Besides Steve Trevor)
A major problem with Wonder Woman comics through the ages is that she doesn?t really have much of a supporting cast. The only real constants have been the Amazons at Paradise Island and Queen Hippolyta, who unfortunately tend to mire Wonder Woman down in stories obsessed with mythological politics. Otherwise, it seems like every creator who comes on the book insists on reshuffling her supporting cast entirely.
Part of what makes Superman memorable is that he has something of a steady status quo, and most fans can probably rattle off around a dozen characters who have pretty consistently populated his stories over the years, giving them sometimes much-needed human dimensions. Even Batman always has steady figures like Alfred, Commissioner Gordon, and Robin.
Wonder Woman? She?s got nothing. Even her supposed sidekick, Wonder Girl (both of them), have quickly become features of Teen Titans moreso than her own book. Generally she spends her modern solo books having transient relationships with people who?ll be written out soon, and even her classic books never managed to find a proper status quo for the character. There are attempts to reinstate classic characters from time to time (especially Etta Candy, above), but they tend to end up going nowhere. It?s like she?s trapped in a James Joyce novel. A really stupid James Joyce novel.
1) We Already Have Superman
Part of what makes Golden Age Wonder Woman stories so lousy is that she?s as close as they could probably legally get to making her a complete Superman ripoff. Only she?s an incompetent Superman knockoff, for her Guy Friday is a hopelessly stupid character and she routinely returns to Paradise Island to hang out despite having ?forsaken? it for Man?s World. Honestly, the only real differences in the early books are that she has the Invisible Plane instead of proper flight and she?s inexplicably not bulletproof.
The long-term problem this creates for modern storytellers is that, unless they want to flog the Greek myths invoked in her origin really hard, there aren?t a lot of stories you can tell with Wonder Woman that aren?t pretty much distaff, bondage-flavored Superman stories. Change her origins all you like, but the basic concepts involved are still ridiculously Superman-like. She almost comes off as the Sensational She-Hulk to his Incredible Hulk, doomed to be light and comedic for lack of any ability to be taken seriously.
Every other DC character who?s just a flagrant clone of Superman gets to sit on the B, C, or D-list, where that sort of thing belongs. DC seems desperate to convince us this isn?t the case with Wonder Woman? even though her modern overhauls have just made her powers and personality more like Superman?s. Until DC is willing to figure out exactly how Wonder Woman isn?t just Superman with boobs, magic, and a bondage fetish, she?s not good storytelling material. She also won?t ever really be an A-list character, no matter how hard she gets pushed.
How Merkle trees enable the decentralized Web
Earlier this month, I spoke at bangbangcon about how Merkle trees are the backbone of nearly all decentralized technologies. Here is a summary of my presentation:
The Web is centralized, but why?
There are two powerful centralizing forces that affect how the Web works today:
The server problem Host-based addressing
We'll address them in turn.
1. The server problem
If you want to host files on the Web, you need a server. But running your own server is both expensive and burdensome, so most people don't run their own servers. They choose the more practical option: uploading content to a service dedicated to providing reliable and affordable hosting.
Sure, these services are cheap and convenient, but since the barrier to entry for self-hosting content is so high, a lot of content ends up being concentrated on the infrastructure of a handful of hosting providers.
2. Host-based addressing
The Web currently uses a host-based addressing model to provide unique names for pieces on content, and it's imperfect at best. Consider a situation where I've uploaded a video to YouTube. The URL for my video is tightly bound to the youtube.com origin. And if I ever decide to move my video to another hosting provider like Vimeo, I'll need to get an entirely new URL.
Because addresses for content are bound to where they're hosted, there's a lot of friction involved in exercising choice between hosting providers. So in the above example, even if I decide Vimeo is a superior hosting platform, I may choose to continue hosting my video on YouTube, simply because the burden of distributing a new URL is too high.
The solution
Content addressing: a better way to address content
There's another way to address content that doesn't bind files the servers where they're hosted — content addressing.
Content addressing is the process of generating a unique address for a piece of content based on its value, rather than its location. We can do this with a hash function.
Hash functions
Hash functions are one-way functions that take an input (like a file), and generate a fixed-length output. So even if your input is a 3GB file, the result will be compressed to the hash functions output length (often 32 bytes).
It's important to note that a well-designed hash function guarantees with extremely high probability that no two inputs will ever generate the same output. So this means that a hash digest of a piece of content acts as a unique identifier for that piece of content.
So imagine what it would be like if we used content-addressing instead of host-based addressing on the Web. Now if I need to move a video from one hosting provider to another, it's not such a big deal, because the link will remain the same no matter where it's hosted.
Peer-to-peer networks: reducing the cost of hosting content
But we still need to address the high cost of hosting content. We can do this by distributing content across a network of peers who all share the responsibility of contributing bandwidth and disk space.
While using a peer-to-peer network does help reduce the burden of hosting files, there's something else that's very important to consider: trust.
Trust
Participants in a peer-to-peer network are anonymous and untrusted, so it would be irresponsible to download a file from a peer without first verifying that it's the file you actually asked for, and not something malicious.
This is where Merkle trees come into play.
Merkle trees
So what is a Merkle tree? It's a binary tree where the nodes store hashes of data rather than the data itself.
The leaf nodes in a Merkle tree store hashes of data, and parent nodes are calculated by concatenating their children and then applying the hash function to that result.
Root hash
The root node in a Merkle tree is called a root hash, and as we'll see in a moment, it plays an important role in peer-to-peer systems.
Examples
Checking for equality
Let's look at an example where we have two datasets, each represented by a Merkle tree, and we want to compare the trees to see if they're equal.
Right away, you can see that the root hashes are different, and maybe you can see why.
If you think about how a Merkle tree is constructed, because each node is dependent on its child's value, any change in the dataset bubbles up all the way to the root hash. So the only thing you need to consider when comparing two Merkle trees is the root hash.
This is great! Not only does it reduce the number of comparisons required to determine inequality, but if we're doing the comparison across a network, then the only thing you need to send over the network is the root hash (typically 32 bytes in size).
How is it useful?
In peer-to-peer protocols, the root hash serves as an address for a set of files, not much unlike a Web address. If you have the link, you can download the files that it addresses. And just like on the traditional Web, we need to apply a similar level of caution to who we trust links from. We don't click on links in our email from unknown senders, because they could contain malware.
In peer-to-peer protocols, it's important to get the root hash from someone we trust. In this example, the root hash is C . Once we have the root hash, we can start asking peers on the network to send us the files that correspond to the root hash C .
Once we have all of the data, in this case 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 , we can reconstruct the tree in order to confirm that the root hash we calculate is the same as the root hash we got from someone we trust.
In this example, we see that the two root hashes are the same, so we know with 100% certainty that the chunks of data haven't been accidentally corrupted or intentionally tampered with. Because if they were, we would have calculated an entirely different root hash.
But wait…
If the root hash allows us to efficiently compare two datasets, why even bother constructing a tree? Couldn't we just concatenate all the chunks of data then apply the hash function that result? That could fulfill the same purpose, but it turns out there's some extra utility afforded by constructing a tree.
Partial verification
In the last example, we needed to download all of the chunks of data before we were able to do any verification over it. But what if we only want one file from a dataset? Wouldn't it be convenient if we could verify data as we receive it?
We can do exactly that. In this example, again, we'll get a root hash from a trusted peer, and start asking peers on the network to send us the data that it addresses.
Once we get the first piece of data, we need to verify its integrity. Let's ask ourselves: if we have the root hash and one chunk of data, what other information do we need in order to verify the integrity?
It turns out it's not very much data at all!
We have 4 , so we can calculate the h(4) :
We'll need h(3) so that we can determine B :
And finally we need A , so that we can calculate the root hash C :
Once we have that data, we know with 100% certainty that 4 does indeed belong in this dataset.
It's important to notice that the only thing that needed to be sent from a trusted party was the root hash. The data and the proof required to verify the data all came from an untrusted peer, which is a critical part of making it possible to distribute the cost of contributing bandwidth across a network of peers.
Conclusion
Merkle trees are used in dozens of projects, and actually have some other cool properties that I'll save for another time. But they're of critical importance for decentralized and peer-to-peer technologies. Addressing content with a root hash provides consistent links that stay the same no matter where content is hosted, and being able to efficiently verify data makes across a network makes it possible to distribute the responsibility of contributing bandwidth and disk space.
In summary, Merkle trees enable a Web built on small contributions of many rather than the concentrated resources of a few.
It's difficult to understand the way Montreal Canadiens' coach Michel Therrien handles P.K. Subban. Down a goal? Expect to see Subban on the ice as the Canadiens press for it. Up a goal? Expect to see Subban on the bench while the Habs try to hold onto the lead.
Last Tuesday, for instance, Therrien benched Subban for the final 4:38 of regulation in a tie game, in what appeared to be a bid to guarantee the loser point before attempting to win the game in overtime. It's baffling. Subban is a Norris trophy-winner, not a rookie. The uncertainty and distrust with which Therrien handles him doesn't seem to make a lot of sense.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
But if an award for the league's best defenseman isn't enough to convince Therrien he's got something special on his hands in Subban, what will?
Why, the power of music. Cue Chris Pennington, with his Village People inspired anthem, "Why Not PK". The song debuted on TSN 690 last week, and it's pretty great.
It's just so bizarre to drive a jet like a car / He's your very own superstar
Quality lyrics there. The only thing this is missing is a video. There could have been dancing! You could have worn a police uniform! Man. I wish I'd thought of this.
But there's more. Not only did the song advocate change -- it appears to have made a difference. From Mitch Melnick's Blog:
Story continues
Two days after Chris Pennington's song "Why not P.K.?" (imploring Michel Therrien to use his star defenseman more often) made its debut on TSN 690, Subban played 28:22. The power (tower) of song. Subban led all skaters with 8 shots on goal, most of them on the power play. Seemed ready to carry the offense - if only he could. His agent Don Meehan was in the building as discussions on a new contract have begun with GM Marc Bergevin. Imagine the Habs without Subban? One can only hope Bergevin feels as you do and tries as hard as he can to lock up Subban instead of sending him to, say, Edmonton.
The takeaway: not even Michel Therrien can resist a message wrapped in the irresistible disco package of the Village People.
Next up for Pennington, hopefully: a song about playing Douglas Murray less.
s/t to Sophia.
- - - - - - -
Harrison Mooney is the associate editor for Puck Daddy on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at puckdaddyblog@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter!
8 years ago
Des Moines, Iowa (CNN) - Republican presidential candidate Michele Bachmann is getting more creative, and apparently more aggressive, in her political attacks against President Barack Obama.
On Saturday, the Minnesota congresswoman took fresh jabs at the president. In one instance, Bachmann said she hoped to oust him from his current employment, become president herself - and then help Obama find a job. Bachmann also blasted "Obamacare," saying it would cost American jobs and questioning if Obama "was in his right mind" for championing it.
The comments came as Bachmann headlined an enthusiastic yet sparsely populated Tea Party rally at the state capitol in Des Moines, Iowa. Earlier Saturday, in Iowa City, the candidate launched a bus tour through the first-in-the-nation caucus state.
As she served up red meat to the assembled conservatives, Bachmann took aim at Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner - and the president - over the economy.
"I want you to know, as president of the United States, I look forward to creating real jobs for both the Treasury secretary and the president of the United States," Bachmann said.
Later, she continued a common Republican refrain - that the nation's health care law should be repealed. But Bachmann put a spin on that argument, citing figures that claim the law would bleed jobs on top of those already lost in the troubled economy.
Saying the president "has cost this economy millions of jobs," Bachmann questioned "who, with all due respect, in their right mind would propose a massive government takeover [of health care]" that would cost thousands of jobs.
It's unclear if such talk is part of an amped-up strategy by Bachmann or simply new variations on well-worn attack lines. Whatever the case, it is not without risk. Polls generally show that while conservative voters like the tough talk, such language could turn off critical blocs of independent voters.
Saturday's swipes follow others recently launched by Bachmann.
Last week, she told a crowd in South Carolina, "And we think that there is a certain Hawaiian president who should go back to Hawaii!"
And at a recent conference of Internet-savvy conservatives in Minneapolis, Bachmann used an unusual line of attack.
"The president promised the African-American community, he promised the Hispanic community that he would make their lives better. And that is what we want for every American," Bachmann said. "This president isn't working. He's failing the Hispanic community. He is failing the African-American community. He's failing all of us."
On July 29th 2013, we have a very rare and beautiful planetary alignment called a Grand Sextile which coincides with the last quarter Moon. The ongoing summer grand trine forms part of this configuration and altogether we have seven of the major planetary players involved. In the image below, I've removed all the other aspects so that you can clearly see the Grand Sextile.
The Aspect Pattern
The Grand Sextile is one of the most complex aspect patterns as well as rare. Looking at it is akin to a game of cat's cradle where one pattern after another pops out at you the more you look. To get to the specifics, there are 6 trines, 6 sextiles and 3 oppositions contained within the pattern. Look again and you will see two grand trines, one point up, one point down overlapping each other and forming the ‘star' pattern. Look again and you'll see 3 mystic rectangles and 6 kites!
In this July configuration all the planets involved are in receptive, feminine signs –
Moon in Taurus
Venus in Virgo
Mars – Jupiter in Cancer
Saturn in Scorpio
Neptune in Pisces
Pluto in Capricorn
Inherently, trines and sextiles are both considered to be flowing, ‘easy' aspects and some say that whilst the Grand Sextile is beautiful, it is not necessarily very active. Certainly in the warm, feminine, earthy and watery signs there is something soothing about this aspect but to me it seems to contain the essence of what is possible. With Water and Earth being the featured elements, this is a aspect pattern that speaks to us on a very human level. We are moulded and shaped from clay and to the Earth we return.
Grand Trine Number 1 – Mars-Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune
This is the Grand Trine which has been the focus of the Summer with social Jupiter and Saturn and transpersonal Neptune taking part. Now personal planet Mars has fired up the position of Jupiter with a conjunction. Mars is often a trigger of patterns – after all, he likes to be in the hot-spot! And he is, as both Jupiter and Mars are opposite Pluto imbuing this grand trine with an intense urge towards change. With Jupiter in the mix, it's a bit ‘all or nothing'. The trouble with the trine is that it can err on ‘nothing' without a push.
Grand Trine Number 2 – the Moon, Venus, Pluto
Within this pattern, the Great Mother is at work, the divine feminine calling for a mass shift of consciousness. Venus however is opposite Neptune. This dreamy aspect can fuel us with happy daydreams but the danger here is that the divine feminine can remain separate and indistinct from the real living women that walk the Earth. Venus of course is in virginal Virgo and this aspect could leave us wondering how the divine feminine within all of us, both male and female, can ever truly be manifest. There's something here about drawing down the Moon, about making this feminine presence a real and living force. There's still too much separation – too much virgin/whore syndrome. Too much trying to live up to impossible ideals fuelled by unrealistic ideas of perfection. Too many lies we tell ourselves in order to ‘fit in'. We know it. We experience it every day. But grand trines don't force us to act…
And neither do sextiles…
Sextiles in fact, show us where opportunities lie. They are like open doors. I think of them as ‘apprentice' aspects. They are skills which are available to us. Sextiles show what we could be good at, if we care to give it a try. The motivation to go for it has to come from within – and there's the rub. We have to want the changes promised by the trine. We have to truly want peace and love and harmony and all those nice things we dream about in order to take action on it. Sextiles are about the practice not the ‘theory.
Don't forget, the sextile comes from the number 6 which relates back to Virgo and the 6th house. The 6 sextiles linked together form a hexagon, one of the most efficient shapes used by Mother Nature herself. Honeycombs created by bees are illustrative of the work that goes in to look after the Queen and traditionally associated with hard work – ‘busy as a bee'. 60 degrees in a natural chart from 0 Aries takes you to the cusp of Gemini. This work needs to involve the mind of the collective. Forget the Borg, we need to connect.
You're either doing or you are not doing. You're either taking part or you're retreating. Venus in Virgo is saying we need to put love into practice on a day-to-day level. It's the small things that count. Simple kindness counts. Sweetness, like honey is healing. Used productively, the opposition to Neptune can show that those very basic acts of love can have a profound effect on all. Not only do we need to think of ourselves as King or Queen bees, we need to think of each other that way too. At the same time, we are all workers in the hive.
In her book ‘The Women's Dictionary of Symbols', Barbara Walker suggests that the hexagram is a representation of the sexual union between Kali and Shiva. There's a sweet spot with this configuration, a honey pot pulling us in and it can be tantalising and dreamy or it can be pure tantric channelling of the highest cosmic order. As above, so below, God within, God without. Can we get it together?
The way in to this pattern is through the Moon. She is the most accessible personal planet available to us and represents the people. Sitting sextile to Neptune and Jupiter-Mars, the Moon gives us a chance to connect with each other, to figure out what we truly believe – and perhaps (opposite Saturn) where we pull away from each other because of our differences. We can either set up barriers or we can tap into what connects us all. The power of faith can fuel a deep transformative process.
Just to amplify this configuration a little bit more, this all takes place as the Moon reaches her last quarter phase at Last quarter Moon occurs at 17:43 (UT) on the 29th July. The last quarter Moon sits on the Sabian symbol :-
The Woman Of Samaria At The Ancestral Well
The last time this degree was emphasised was back in October 2012 when the Full Moon fell on the same degree. The women of Samaria are from a Biblical tale where Jesus talks with a woman beside a well. The women are unmarried (or a prostitute) and generally not considered very highly in society, so she is shocked when this foreign man speaks to her. Jesus tells her that she should ask him for water but the women exclaims he has no equipment to draw water from the well. He replies :-
“…whoever drinks of the water that I will give him shall never thirst; but the water that I will give him will become in him a well of water springing up to eternal life.” John 4:14 New American Standard Bible
As you can see from this symbol, there is something here about getting back to the source and about finding one's spiritual centre which constantly renews and refreshes. There is also a sense that nothing can't be forgiven or washed clean. Again there is a theme of the feminine who is shunned, objectified and/or judged according to marital/sexual status. The last quarter Moon hints this must be a closing chapter.
Look to where the last quarter Moon occurs in your chart. This is where you have a chance to connect with this Greater Pattern. It is here that you can find solace and spiritual sustenance which give you the impetus to tap into the immense creative potential of this pattern.
This Grand Sextile is an offering from the cosmos like invisible lines drawn by the dance of bees from flower to flower. It is up to you to follow the thread.
The last paragraph was going to end this post but with extraordinary synchronicity, as I finished typing, a bee has just flown in through my window. He's buzzing loudly! I've taken a photo of him below 🙂
Edit – Thanks KB for pointing out the bee is a bee!
Yellow Flower photo by charmaineswart on Morguefile
In this Dec. 28, 2016, file photo, President-elect Donald Trump listens to a question as he speaks to reporters at Mar-a-Lago, in Palm Beach, Fla. (Photo: Evan Vucci/AP)
Donald Trump apparently couldn't wait until his planned Friday meeting with top U.S. intelligence officials before questioning the evidence and procedures they used to conclude that Russian cyberattacks sought to influence the election.
Instead, the president-elect took to Twitter to question the reliability of the agencies upon which commanders in chief usually depend.
“The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia,” Trump tweeted Thursday night.
“So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?”
Trump told the New York Times on Friday that the commotion surrounding the Russian hacking is no more than a “political witch hunt” by people who are embarrassed that he won the election.
“They are very embarrassed about it. To some extent, it's a witch hunt. They just focus on this,” he said.
Trump said that many other hacks go underreported even though in his estimation the United States is “like the hacking capital of the world.”
CIA Director John Brennan, FBI Director James Comey and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper are scheduled to brief the celebrity businessman on their classified report, which is said to contain detailed evidence of the Kremlin's interference with the American political process. Among other issues, the U.S. intelligence community blames Moscow for hacking the Democratic National Committee and high-profile Democrats, such as Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta.
Trump has repeatedly questioned information that is not advantageous to him while trumpeting anything that is. On the eve of his briefing, he still appeared to distrust the findings of agencies that are authorized to safeguard U.S. security.
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper prepares to leave after testifying on Capitol Hill Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, before the Senate Armed Services Committee hearing: “Foreign Cyber Threats to the United States.” (Photo: Evan Vucci/AP) More
A senior law enforcement official told the Associated Press that the FBI repeatedly emphasized to the DNC the importance of having direct access to its servers but was denied. The bureau ultimately retrieved the necessary information through a “third party,” the official said. The DNC told BuzzFeed that the FBI never requested the servers.
Earlier this week, Trump attacked the country's leading intelligence officials and speculated (without providing evidence) that their meeting had been canceled because they still needed time to build a case. He also put the word “intelligence” in quotation marks.
“The ‘Intelligence' briefing on so-called ‘Russian hacking' was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!” he said. (Officials told various outlets that the meeting had always been set for Friday.)
Despite Trump's insults, Brennan said Thursday that he anticipated a “robust if not sporty” conversation with the president-elect, the Chicago Tribune reported.
“I'm going to give the president-elect the benefit of the doubt,” he said.
On Thursday, President Obama was briefed on the report, and Clapper testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee about the findings. Clapper said the Russian state-sponsored cyberattacks were merely one aspect of a multifaceted campaign directed at the United States.
The intelligence community is expected to release a declassified version to the public at some point.
Read more from Yahoo News:
Cloud hosting is the popular web host, uses server network. This cloud technology offer servers to spread globally. It provides better availability of resources and flexibility. Cloud technology optimized performance for business aligned sites and great suppleness. Large cloud hosting providers use a redundant network that includes International connectivity. Cloud hosting comes with significant features for both hosting companies and customers. It balances the load throughout the server network for better reliability.
Cloud Linux
Cloud Linux is a most well-liked operating system that taking control over full server resources and create limits accounts. Presently, cloud Linux platform is utilized by a lot of reliable web hosting providers. It is typical to choose a suitable package from a large number of options available on the internet.
Reasons to Choose Cloud Linux Hosting:
Cloud Linux is CentOS based OS system created for data center services and shared hosting. It professionally utilizes Lightweight Virtual Environment (LVE) to isolate customers on the same server and limits resources along with memory, number of processes, CPU and so on. With the help of cloud, Linux customers will get security, stability, and density.
Some Advantages of Cloud Linux:
It enables customers to get MySQL, CPU, memory, IO and other resources to run fast and hassle-free website.
It eliminates the risk of downtime and slow speed. Moreover, it increases server reliability also.
Cloud Linux comes with PHP versions such as v5.2, v5.3, v5.4, and v5.5, offers customers choices along with a number of PHP extensions.
It recovers server security by isolating tenants, reducing attacks against the server.
It combines with cPanel to improve security, resources management, and server performance.
It's hard to believe we're only 42 days away from the 4th annual Pioneer Valley Invitational! Wow!
Here's what everyone needs to know:
1) We are currently at 22 girls teams and 38 boys teams, which means we have space for 2 more teams in each division. Please email me (jseamon@gmail.com) if you're interested in bidding for one of the last slots.
2) All teams need to be working on their paperwork. This is not something that can be put off or that can be done quickly. All paperwork must be completed by Friday, 4/28. If your materials have not been completed by Friday, April 28th then your team will be dropped from the tournament and you will receive no refund. Seriously.
3) All teams need to fill out the Dinner & Housing confirmation form by Friday, 4/14 at 6pm EST. Please make sure you fill out this form even if you won't be eating at the Saturday dinner or needing housing. This form needs to be filled our once per team, regardless of the information you submitted during the bid process. We are currently in the midst of assigning housing to teams and need to confirm the information you submitted several months ago on your bid form. Once again, all teams need to fill out this form.
4) We're excited to have Spin Ultimate as our official merchandiser for this year's event! As a part of their sponsorship, they'll have great merch and prizes available. It also means that your team is eligible for a 20% uniform discount through Spin. If you're looking for a great place to order uniforms, please support Spin and give them a shout at Info@SpinUltimate.com. You can also call them at (404) 736-6499.
This article originally appeared in the May 1986 issue of UltraRunning Magazine. Current subscriber? you can search and view all our archives.
We should have known better… The 13 starters were indicative of what would transpire. The fact that Barry Barkley, the race's namesake, had to work and missed the event. The failure of the temperature to reach above freezing during the race – both the weekends, before and after, it had reached into the 70's. Most of all, just knowing the nature of the Boundary Trail, we shouldn't have even tried. But we did.
But, we're getting ahead of ourselves; the story begins in the beginning. A few hundred million years ago east Tennessee was covered with a shallow inland sea. Over the eons the land emerged to reveal a Tennessee more resembling Kansas. Flat. Millions of years passed and gradually deep valleys eroded through the layers of rock and Tennessee took on it's current form. A series of eroded hills each leading to higher plateaus in a series of stairsteps, remnants of the sea floor deposits of eons ago. The highest plateau now remains as an area of rugged mountains in east Tennessee.
During the start of the fossil fuel era these mountains were found to be rich in coal deposits and the spoilage of strip mining began. Fortunately (for everyone but the ultrarunners) a section was set aside as the Frozen Head State Natural Area.
In the late 1930's, a government program, the CCC got the task of building hiking trails thru the park. The crowning glory of the trail system was the Boundary Trail. Following true to the boundaries, regardless of what land features they might cross, the trail is a tribute to governmental efficiency. But for the periodic sprucing up by the government the trail would no longer exist, as it has been spurned by hikers as “too difficult”. As it is, much of the grim north section of the Boundary Trail is virtually indistinguishable.
Hundreds of millions of years went into building the perfect course. A lot less time went into tearing down the assembled field. The 13 runners did not start together, the majority starting on their own as they failed to make the starting time. Three entrants failed to take the correct trail and during the hour between the start and dawn, their flashlights were clearly visible as they made their way up the wrong mountain.
Those were the lucky three, as the other ten of us commenced by climbing over 900′ up Rough Ridge and then struggling up 1160′ to Chimney Top in the first three miles. At least it was along the “good end” of the trail.
The so-called “good end” continued uphill and down with occasional panoramic views and plenty of time to enjoy the scenery while trying to stay on the trail.
Up and down, thru deadfalls, brush, ice and snow the ranks continued to thin. By 12 1/2 miles only 8 runners continued the fray. Doyle Carpenter and FredPilon led the way and were the only two remotely on pace for a 24-hour finish. Unfortunately for them, the 12.5 mile point only began the difficult portion of the course – the North Section. What can be said about the North Section? Nothing kind. Consisting of virtually continuous switchbacks, it is poorly marked, severely eroded, overgrown, and laced with deadfalls.
The front runners (Pilon and Carpenter) maintained a good pace thru Jury Ridge. At that point they had the extreme good fortune to become disoriented, wander off along the ridge until they reached a jeep road, and follow it out of the woods. The good fortune consisted of missing the one-mile,1600′ climb over Bird Mountain at the end of the first lap.
This left Tom Green and his nephew, Richard, the privilege of being the first to clamber across Bird Mountain and reach the end of lap one at 20 miles. Despite breaking nine hours, they did not choose to defend the lead.
At 9 hours, Ken McMaster emerged. A hiker, engaged by myself to go through the North Section to look for stragglers, located Ken atop Jury Ridge -totally lost and preparing to follow the “easy” route blazed by Carpenter and Pilon – and pointed him in the correct direction.
Later, the hiker expressed uncertainty as to whether or not it was an act of kindness. Ken must have had no doubts, as he also headed for home.
Now, of the original 13, only 3 of us remained. Intrepid Damon Douglas had discarded the original course layout and was running the sections in a different sequence in order to get off the North Section before dark. Gary Buffington and myself were struggling through the last few miles of lap one, just wanting to hit 20 miles and call it a day.
It was at this point that Buff quit speculating as to whether any runners would attempt lap two, and began wondering if instead they might be waiting for me at the end of lap one with malicious intentions.
Somehow we reached 20 miles, after an interminable trek up Bird Mountain – an houi—and-a-half mile that won't soon be forgotten. 12 hours and 18 minutes for 20 miles; we didn't move fast, but we didn't rest a lot, either. It was enough and we bagged it.
Now it was Douglas alone, out in the dark. What form of fun he had out there only Damon could tell. Whatever kind it was he had a lot of it, dragging it into 35 miles after 17:08:48. Considering he could win without finishing, and stood no chance of finishing within 24 hours… then there were none.
So, 13 starters, no finishers, only one runner past 20 miles. A rousing success all around. We learned some lessons for next year. Wait until later in the spring for warmer weather. Put up a few course markers. Go with the Douglas route. Of course it is still impossible to run 50 miles on that trail in a day, but if anyone wants to try, we'll be doing it again next spring.
Barkley Marathons
Wartburg, Tenn. March 1, 1986 Trails, often unmaintained 50 miles (±), 24,850′ climb
13 starters, 0 finishers
Related:
With two fighting parents the minor can decide You can't rimpatriate a minor that wants to stay in Italy. The Supreme Court came to this decision when hearing the case of a young English girl in Italy, on vacation with her mom, who did not want to return to the U.K. where she usually lived. The mother wanted her Read More.
Children of divorced parents pay high price in summer In Italy, during summer approximately 20,000 children are used as pawns by parents who are separating or who are divorced. This is a phenomenon that gets out of hand every year at this time among couples that have called it quits. This scenario has been described by the president of Read More.
Millions of clicks for the advert showing a child left without his snack During the snack break, in a class, a student leaves the room because he's the only one who's nothing to eat. But when he comes back to his place and sits, he finds a surprise: his mates have filled his lunchbox with food. With 4 million views in just a Read More.
Joint custody in Italy has nothing to do with child support In Italy, after a divorce is final and child support has been determined, the time spent with a parent has nothing to do with the amount of child support established by the court. The parent who pays the most for support is always the one who earns more: regardless of Read More.
Italians think twice before trying to use Parent Alienation Syndrome before a Judge Parental Alienation is not a clinically documentable illness. It is instead, a series of behaviors that one parent uses to push away or neutralize the other parent. At least, that is what a decree from the Court of Milan, Italy claims. The woman in question was accused as being the Read More.
In “Spider-Man: Homecoming,” Peter Parker's snarky, woke classmate Michelle (played memorably by Zendaya), refuses to join her academic decathlon teammates on an elevator ride to the top of the Washington Monument, which, as it turns out, spares her from a horrifying situation and a deadly rescue mission for Spider-Man. The reason why didn't Michelle join them on the doomed elevator ride? Because she didn't feel like entering a monument built by slaves.
When Michelle's teacher tried to reassure her that the monument was a slave-free structure, one of the park guides gives a “so-so” gesture, which really is the best response to that question. Looking back, there is no definitive proof that the Washington Monument was built by slaves but, given the state of American infrastructure at the time it was built (in the mid-19th century), it's safe to infer that slave labor, at least indirectly, played a role in its construction.
Also Read: 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' Review: Marvel-Fueled Reboot Has a Good Sense of Spidey
The Washington Monument's construction, which began in 1848, took four decades thanks to funding problems, control over the project and, of course, the Civil War. The project received donations from dozens of rich benefactors, some of which were plantation owners from the South, making it certain that profits from slave labor went into paying for the Monument.
According to the U.S. Geologic Survey, three quarries supplied the marble that makes up the majority of the Monument: two from Maryland and one from Massachusetts. There's a clear change in the shading of the marble where material from a different quarry was used, with the upper part of the Monument being supplied in 1879, 14 years after the end of the Civil War and the abolition of slavery. While there are no definitive documents that prove that slaves mined the Maryland marble used in the half of the spire built before the war, it is known that slaves were used in the state at the time.
Also Read: Hannibal Buress Skips 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' Premiere, Sends Look-Alike Instead
But at least some stones in the Monument's interior came from slave labor. We know this because throughout the spire's construction, commemorative stones were sent in from state governments and wealthy donors with special inscriptions and designs. According to a study by the National Park Service, 92 of those stones were set into place during pre-Civil War construction, with a number of them coming from states and organizations where slave labor was used for all goods, including mining.
So no, Michelle, there's no definitive evidence that slaves were hauled to Washington D.C. to build the monument to our nation's first president — unlike, say, the Capitol or the White House. But in several roundabout ways, their labor certainly played a key role in making it possible.
Obama's illegal war against Libya
By Patrick Martin
8 June 2011
The Obama administration has dismissed complaints that it is violating the US Constitution and the War Powers Act in waging an undeclared war against Libya without seeking or obtaining congressional authorization. This open defiance of any legal restraint on presidential war-making is the culmination of a long process of decay of American democracy, extending over many decades.
White House spokesman Jay Carney addressed the issue at a press briefing Monday, after the House passage of a resolution criticizing the administration for having failed to make an effective case for intervention against the Libyan regime of Muammar Gaddafi and requesting answers to a series of questions about the purpose and prospects of the US-NATO war.
Carney was asked directly whether the administration had sought a legal opinion from the Office of Legal Counsel on whether it was in compliance with the War Powers Act, which requires that the president obtain congressional approval of any military operation within 60 days—a deadline that expired May 20.
He replied, “I'm not aware of any special seeking of guidance that we asked for. We believe we are acting consistent with the War Powers resolution.” He repeatedly declared that this required “consulting” with Congress, a transparent evasion of the legal duty to obtain a formal congressional vote approving the military attack on Libya.
After Carney repeated the same formulation several more times, another reporter observed, “It doesn't sound like you take this House resolution very seriously.” No media representative suggested that the White House's conduct was illegal or unconstitutional, let alone an impeachable offense.
The fundamental constitutional issues posed by the undeclared war against Libya were broached in an op-ed column in the Washington Post Sunday by Senator Richard Lugar, the senior Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. He pointed out that the Obama administration “has, for more than two months, sidestepped the clear constitutional and legislative intent that a president obtain congressional authorization to go to war.”
A supporter of the war against Libya and the overthrow of the Gaddafi regime, Lugar worried that Obama was undermining popular support for the war. He wrote that “because the president has not made his case to Congress, the American people have no clear understanding of the US interests at stake in Libya, how much this will cost and what other priorities will have to be sacrificed.”
The editorial board of the Wall Street Journal fired back against Lugar's constitutional scruples in an editorial Monday that criticized Obama for not going far enough in his defiance of Congress. Obama “has an obligation to defend the powers of his office, as well as to win the wars he begins,” the newspaper wrote. It continued: “The White House can help Members of Congress who understand the necessity of Presidential war powers by declaring forthrightly that Mr. Obama and his legal advisers believe the War Powers Resolution is unconstitutional and thus he won't abide by it.”
What the Journal is advocating is, to put it bluntly, a presidential dictatorship, in which the occupant of the White House asserts not only the power to wage war—reserved by the Constitution to Congress—but the authority to determine what laws are constitutional—a power reserved to the federal courts.
Article I, Section 8 of the US Constitution gives Congress, not the president, the power to declare war. This has a fundamental democratic content: the president, in the US constitutional structure, was the stand-in for the British monarch. It had required a centuries-long struggle, culminating in the English Revolution of 1640-48 and the execution of King Charles I, to put an end to the royal “prerogative” to wage war without the consent of Parliament.
For more than a century and a half, the US government adhered to this constitutional arrangement. But the rise of the United States to the status first of a world power, and then the dominant world power, made it increasingly vital to the interests of the ruling class that the president be able to deploy military forces around the globe, regardless of political restrictions and popular sentiment at home.
World War II was the last American war to be declared by Congress. All subsequent conflicts were undeclared, although usually sanctioned by congressional resolutions passed after a presidential decision to begin military action.
In the wake of the Vietnam debacle, an undeclared war waged by three administrations, Democratic and Republican, Congress passed the War Powers Act of 1973, which sets well-defined limits on undeclared wars launched on presidential initiative. If the president fails to gain congressional approval within the 60-day period set by the law, he has 30 days leeway to accomplish the safe withdrawal of US military forces, after which combat must cease.
Over the past 38 years, both Republican and Democratic presidents have grudgingly complied with the War Powers Act. They have given Congress formal notification of military action as required by the law and sought resolutions of approval, while at the same time maintaining that they retained authority to launch military operations at will.
Even George W. Bush sought and obtained congressional resolutions of support before launching his wars of aggression in Afghanistan and Iraq. Obama is the first US president to engage in a major war without even attempting to gain such a declaration of support in the legislative branch.
This action, in and of itself, demonstrates that the Obama administration represents a continuation and intensification of the militarist and anti-democratic tendencies that found such noxious expression in the Bush-Cheney regime. In every sphere of vital concern to the US financial aristocracy—the Wall Street bailout, the wars in Iraq, Afghanistan and now Libya, the buildup of the repressive powers of the federal government, the attack on domestic social programs—Obama marks a further turn to the right.
The struggle against imperialist war, the defense of democratic rights and the defense of the social interests of working people all require that the working class carry out a struggle against the Obama administration, break with the Democratic Party, and fight for the building of a mass, independent political movement of working people, based on a socialist and internationalist perspective.
Patrick Martin
The author also recommends:
The Libyan war and American democracy
[24 May 2011]
The objective here isn't to have a copter autonomously wandering city streets, detaining suspects until the police arrive (though the device could theoretically handle such a task). Instead, due to legal requirements, the drone is operated by a pilot, who flies the craft manually, with a second person tasked with triggering the stun gun. Eventually, such a device could be used to aid police in subduing a suspect until officers are able to arrive on the scene. An embedded camera provides a live video feed to operators, who can evaluate the situation before deciding to strike. Since a public park demonstration would likely result in some pretty stirred-up locals, Chaotic Moon invited us up to its Austin offices for a closed-door session during SXSW.
Intern Jackson Sheehan volunteered to be CUPID's first human victim, and after a quick vitals check by an on-site paramedic, he was cleared for duty. The affair lasted just a hair over five seconds -- the device can stun several times in up to 10-second bursts, but the company's attorneys mandated that Chaotic Moon co-founder William Hurley (@Whurley) manually pull the plug after half that time. Sheehan was clearly subdued by the drone, falling onto safety mats against his will. He stood up shortly after, and was on his way after the paramedic removed the barbed leads from his back. We caught the whole ordeal on camera, of course; the video is embedded for your viewing pleasure just below.
Sarah Silbert contributed to this report.
Coordinates:
The TSS Duke of Lancaster is a railway steamer passenger ship that operated in Europe from 1956 to 1979, and is currently beached near Mostyn Docks, on the River Dee, north-east Wales. It replaced an earlier 3,600 ton ship of the same name operated by the London Midland and Scottish Railway company between Heysham and Belfast.
In service [ edit ]
Duke of Lancaster off Scotland Theoff Mull
Along with her sister ships the TSS Duke of Rothesay and the TSS Duke of Argyll she was amongst the last passenger-only steamers built for British Railways (at that time, also a ferry operator).[1] She was a replacement for the 1928 steamer built by the London Midland and Scottish Railway, RMS Duke of Lancaster.
Built at Harland & Wolff, Belfast and completed in 1956, she was designed to operate as both a passenger ferry (primarily on the Heysham-Belfast route) and as a cruise ship. In this capacity, the Duke of Lancaster travelled to the Scottish islands and further afield to Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, Norway and Spain.[1][2]
From the mid-1960s, passenger ships such as the Duke of Lancaster were gradually being superseded by car ferries.[1] Rather than undertake the expensive option of renewing their entire fleet, British Railways instead began a part-programme of conversion. In order to maintain ferry services whilst these modifications took place, the Duke of Lancaster's duties as a cruise ship ceased.[2] On 25 April 1970 the ship returned to service, having had her main deck rebuilt to accommodate vehicles via a door at her stern. The ship now provided space for 1,200 single-class passengers and 105 cars, with a total cabin accommodation for 400 passengers.[2]
The three ships continued on the Heysham-Belfast route until the service was withdrawn on 5 April 1975.[2] The Duke of Lancaster was then briefly employed on the Fishguard-Rosslare crossing, before becoming the regular relief vessel on the Holyhead–Dún Laoghaire service until November 1978.[2] The ship was then laid up at Barrow in Furness, Cumbria.[1]
The Fun Ship [ edit ]
The Duke of Lancaster arrived in Llanerch-y-Mor, North Wales, in August 1979 to start her new life as "the Fun Ship". However, there were frequent legal battles with the local councils and the owners closed the business in 2004. They have continued to fight the case over the years and are still doing so but unfortunately the ship has stood closed ever since.
Despite having large amounts of its exterior paintwork covered in rust, the interior of the ship is in good condition. It was featured in the 2011 series of BBC Two's Coast.
In early 2012 several local arcade game collectors made a deal with Solitaire Liverpool Ltd and were able to purchase most of the coin-operated machines left behind inside the ship at the time the Fun Ship closed. Removing the games required the use of cranes and other heavy lifting equipment.[3]
Later in 2012 a commemorative enamel was released by an admirer of the vessel. Only 100 badges exist and each one is individually numbered. These have since become a collectable item for fans of the vessel.[citation needed]
Art Gallery [ edit ]
The ship in 2015
The plan was to transform the ship into the largest open air art gallery in the UK. As of August 2012, the Latvian graffiti artist "Kiwie" was commissioned to spraypaint a design on the ship.[4] The ship was covered with graffiti described as "bright and surreal".[5] The first phase of the project saw Kiwie and other European graffiti artists paint murals on the ship between August and November 2012, and the second phase (starting at the end of March 2013) included the work of British-based artists such as Snub23, Spacehop, Dan Kitchener and Dale Grimshaw.[6] One of the artworks is a picture of the ship's first captain, John 'Jack' Irwin. However in 2017 both sides of the ship were painted black.[7]
Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto is facing tremendous pressure to take a firm stand against President Donald Trump, just a week after the new U.S. leader took office.
Trump is highly unpopular in Mexico, perceived as someone who has repeatedly insulted the country. He has done little to change that sentiment, taking a hard stance on U.S.-Mexico relations.
That's bad news for Peña Nieto, whose political fate is in the balance.
At the center of the controversy is one of Trump's signature campaign pledges, to build a border wall paid for by Mexico.
Payment for the wall has also become a central issue in Mexico, where Trump's demand is seen as an affront to national pride and an irrational demand that the government cannot afford to comply with.
ADVERTISEMENT
"There are things that go beyond negotiation, and this is something that we will not do, we will never do, because this is about our dignity and our pride," said Secretary of Foreign Relations Luis Videgaray Thursday.
Peña Nieto's team has little space to maneuver on the issue, with record low approval ratings and a political system at home gearing up for the 2018 presidential election.
On Thursday, Peña Nieto canceled a scheduled meeting with Trump in Washington after Trump tweeted, "If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting."
When they first caught wind of Trump's tweet, Videgaray and secretary of the economy Ildefonso Guajardo were in the White House, meeting a team led by White House chief of staff Reince Priebus.
"As that happened I asked for a pause and immediately called President Peña Nieto," said Videgaray. "I received his instruction to convey the message to the White House that if the condition to have the meeting was for Mexico to pay for the wall, then it was absolutely impossible for us to do."
Peña Nieto had already taken a hit at home when he backed away from canceling the meeting one day earlier.
On Wednesday, Trump signed an executive order mandating construction of the wall while Videgaray and Guajardo held their first meetings at the White House.
Opposition Sen. Armando Rios Piter of the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) reacted, warning that Peña Nieto's "presence in the United States would be a very bad sign."
Margarita Zavala, a leading presidential contender for 2018 and wife of former President Felipe Calderón, called Trump's tweet a "humiliation" and blasted Peña Nieto for not canceling the trip sooner.
Despite the beating he took at home, Peña Nieto found allies in the Democratic Party and the international media.
"Less than one week after taking office, President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE is already causing serious damage to one of our most important relationships in the world. U.S. national security depends directly on cooperation with our neighbors. From addressing border security and drug trafficking to migration and economic issues, the United States is safer and stronger when we collaborate with Mexico," said Sen. Ben Cardin Benjamin (Ben) Louis CardinThe Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump looks for boost from Korea summit The Hill's Morning Report - A pivotal week for Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Anticipation builds for Mueller report MORE (D-Md.)
The Washington Post's editorial board slammed Trump, saying he "seems determined" to change a strong bilateral relationship that has benefited both countries.
The New York Times called the debate over the wall payment a "tantrum" and warned that "allowing this view to drive trade and foreign policy toward Mexico could have disastrous consequences for workers and consumers in both countries."
Spanish newspaper El Pais published an editorial called "In Defense of Mexico." In it, the paper's editorial board warned that Trump's policies are part of a "racist and xenophobic agenda of which Mexico is the first victim."
For Mexico, the feud with Trump is threatening a trade relationship that was worth $531.1 billion in 2015.
The United States is by far Mexico's largest trading partner, accounting for more than 70 percent of the country's exports.
Mexico is also an important partner to the United States — it bought $236 billion of goods from the United States in 2015, making it the second-largest buyer of American goods after Canada. But that year, the United States also ran a $58 billion trade deficit with Mexico, according to the United States Trade Representative.
Trump latched on to that deficit, along with illegal immigration and an ongoing 10-year drug war in the country, during his presidential campaign.
In August, Peña Nieto invited then-GOP nominee Trump for a meeting and joint press conference in Mexico City, hoping to reassure Mexicans and investors that his government could successfully deal with a Trump administration.
Before that meeting, Peña Nieto had an already-dismal 23 percent approval rating. By Trump's inauguration, that number had dipped to 12 percent.
The meeting also cost Videgaray his job as finance secretary, because he reportedly put together the meeting through a mutual friend of his and Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and now White House advisor.
Videgaray came back to Peña Nieto's cabinet as secretary of Foreign Relations, tasked with maintaining a good relationship with the Trump administration.
Videgaray and Guajardo rushed to Washington after the inauguration to set the stage for talks.
After the tit-for-tat exchange that culminated in Peña Nieto's cancellation, the two leaders held an hourlong call Friday.
The White House and Peña Nieto's office sent out nearly identical releases after the call, but the Mexican version included a sentence saying the two leaders had agreed to no longer discuss the matter of the wall payment publicly.
Trump's press secretary, Sean Spicer, later confirmed the two leaders did indeed agree to keep quiet about the wall.
"They agreed not to discuss how it will be paid for publicly, that they will continue to have those discussions privately," he said.
Republican strategist Ford O'Connell said Trump is unlikely to quietly let the issue go.
"The audience for this showdown is not necessarily Mexico and the U.S.," said O'Connell.
"If you listen to Trump carefully, he wants to go after countries with high trade surpluses," he added. "The people watching this are places like China."
The amount of money Australia's home buyers owe their banks rose above $1 trillion for the first time in April.
In percentage terms, the rise in the value of outstanding home loans since March was only a modest 0.5 per cent, but it lifted the annual growth rate to a five-year high of 7.4 per cent.
And it lifted the total of owner-occupier housing debt held by Australian lenders to $1.005 trillion in April from $998.8 billion in March.
The seasonally adjusted figures from the Reserve Bank of Australia on Tuesday showed the value of home-owner debt is now eight times its level of 21 years ago.
From $124 billion in January 1995 it doubled to $248 billion July 2001, then to a smidgin under $500 billion by March 2006, before topping $1 trillion in April this year.
While home loans are still growing strongly, lending to housing investors has slowed.
Investor housing loans totalled $551 million in April, a rise of 0.3 per cent, the RBA figures showed.
Thus was the smallest increase in investor loans since May 2009.
Annual growth in investor housing loans has now slowed to 6.5 per cent, from 10.9 per cent a year ago, against the background of stern warnings from the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority that lenders should restrict annual growth in their investor housing loan books to no more than 10 per cent.
The credit figures from the RBA also showed non-housing business loans posting a solid gain of 0.8 per cent in April.
Annual growth in business credit came in at 7.4 per cent, its fastest pace since January 2009, well up from the 5.0 per cent pace of a year earlier and three times the 2.8 per cent growth rate the year before that.
AAP
Read next: House price growth accelerates again: CoreLogic
Read next: House price “exuberance” won't last, economists say
Before the internet, there was mail order. Growing up in the late 70's/early 80's I'd love to get catalogs in the mail, addressed to me of course, from places like Current, Lillian Vernon and the chocolate motherload: Swiss Colony.
I didn't know or care where the Swiss Colony was located. I would dream every year that maybe this was the year my mom would buy me a solid chocolate Chris Mouse, mint chocolate twelve layer log cake, or a box of petit fours for my birthday. What would I get? Some European style cake with real whipped cream with a hazelnut or real fruit filling that everyone but me loved. In hindsight, her choices were much smarter and healthier, but as a kid all I wanted was buttercream.
Years passed with never a package arriving from the Swiss Colony. Packages from Austria came instead, filled with rich chocolates that I didn't like, but I was still hopeful that one day a special red and white striped package would arrive addressed to me.
Fast forward years, no… decades, later and I'm heading off to New Glarus, Wisconsin. Better known as Little Switzerland, I drove a few hours from Chicago to camp with my husband and see the New Glarus Brewery. The town was great; structures built by Swiss settlers in the 19th century and, despite some expected touristy kitchiness, were the real deal. Driving through the region, we stopped in Monroe, Wisconsin to get some provisions for dinner. Along the way in a random strip mall, I read the words: “The Swiss Colony.” Those three words pulled at my heartstrings and brought childhood memories rushing in. I begged my husband to pull into the strip mall, and finally, I was going to make my childhood dreams a reality.
Get this, it was an outlet store, to boot! I hoped they took credit cards, because I had big plans on stocking up. I walked into the cheese portion of the store and had a variety of soft pub style cheese to choose from. Port wine and cheddar was calling my name, so I grabbed one and put it in my basket.
What next? I didn't want to waste much time; I was on a hunt for the evening's dessert, but saw my favorite American-made cheese, Grand Cru by Roth, for 50% off. I first came across this amazing alpine-style cheese at the Whole Foods in Milwaukee (shhh, yes, I occasionally shop there), and it was the closest cheese I have found in the US to my beloved Bergkäse from Austria. That went into the basket next.
I then switched over to the next room which focused on Swiss Colony's signature desserts. A bag of 25-30 random petit fours looked tempting, but I instead focused on the nicely packaged assortment of 9, 5 in vanilla and 4 in chocolate, for $1.99. They were also buy one, get one free, so how could I resist? I exercised some discretion and passed on the layered mint cake. With it being May, there weren't any Chris Mouse chocolates; I guess I'd have to come back closer to Christmas.
Happy with my bounty, I paid for my goods and excitedly waited for that night's special dessert. A few hours later, I carefully opened up the package of petit fours and sat down to enjoy the dessert I had been waiting at least 30 years for. I took a bite, and was… disgusted.
My childhood pastry dreams were shattered! It tasted super sweet, synthetic and somewhat stale. Ok, maybe that's just the vanilla one. Maybe the chocolate one was better? Maybe it was because I bought these at the outlet store in May…?
How could this be? I took a look at the ingredients and found natural, but a lot of artificial ingredients. This couldn't have been how they made them when I was a kid? Or did they, and that's why my mom never bought them?
However, Swiss Colony fans, don't fret; it is just my opinion. I brought the second unopened box of petit fours to work. The last Friday of the month is enthusiastically called “Food Friday,” where everyone brings in snacks to share. I was wondering if anyone would eat these discarded cakes of mine? Well, guess what, they were the hit of the day! My coworkers loved them so much that they quietly rationed them amongst the and hid them from the other departments. When I offered to bring the other opened box on Monday, everyone eagerly said yes.
So, maybe I just have a selective palate and don't like things super sweet? Then it's just more petit fours for everyone else. While my childhood dreams of pastries from the Swiss Colony didn't live up to my adult expectations, the price on the Grand Cru made it all worth while. See, there's something for everyone. You might just have to drive up to the outlet mall and find out which is your preference.
Swiss Colony Monroe Outlet Store. 652 8th St, Monroe, WI 53566 www.swisscolony.com
Pussy Riot members sit in a glass cage at a courtroom in Moscow. (Photo11: Sergey Ponomarev, AP) Story Highlights Three members of the band were convicted on hooliganism charges
One band member was released on appeal last month
The band members' imprisonment has come to symbolize intolerance of dissent in Putin's Russia
PARTSA, Russia (AP) — Russia's prime minister said Friday the women in the Pussy Riot punk band serving two-year prison sentences should be set free, while a band member's husband tried to visit his wife in jail in a central Russian region known for its gloomy Stalinist-era gulags.
Three members of the band were convicted on hooliganism charges in August for performing a "punk prayer" at Moscow's main cathedral during which they pleaded with the Virgin Mary for deliverance from President Vladimir Putin.
One of them, Yekaterina Samutsevich, was released on appeal last month, but the other two, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alekhina, were sent to prison camps to serve their sentences.
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said Friday that he detested the Pussy Riot act, but added the women have been in prison long enough and should be released. He made a similar statement before October's appeal hearings, fueling speculation about their possible release. Medvedev's latest comment is unlikely to take effect, since he is widely seen as a liberal yet nominal government figure whose pledges and orders are seldom followed through on.
Also Friday, Tolokonnikova's husband, Pyotr Verzilov, was turned away by authorities when he tried to visit her at a prison camp in the village of Partsa in Mordovia, a region well known in Russia for the Gulag camps here filled with the tens of thousands in the 1930s.
He had brought paperwork regarding the ongoing legal drama of the Pussy Riot trial, which should have enabled him to meet his wife on prison grounds. But he was told that she remains in quarantine for several more days.
Tolokonnikova and a team of lawyers is planning an appeal to a regional court, requesting that her sentence be put off until the couple's daughter, 4-year-old Gera, is 14, Verzilov said.
While both Tolokonnikova and Alekhina both have small children, their lawyers' frequent reference to that fact has had little effect on Pussy Riot members' two-year sentences, which were upheld in an October appeal.
Verzilov said his wife has been treated well by prison officials, but he attributed that to the publicity stirred up by the trial.
The band members' imprisonment has come to symbolize intolerance of dissent in Putin's Russia and caused a strong international condemnation. Their cause has been taken up by celebrities and musicians, including Madonna and Paul McCartney, and protests have been held around the world.
For Partsa — a dot on the map where most working-age adults are dressed in uniform — newcomers and journalists attract suspicious glances and hostile questioning.
"All that would be needed here would there be an order from someone high-placed in Moscow who'd say, 'Press her, make her feel the real Russian prison,'" said Verzilov, hopeful but skeptical about the good treatment. "People follow the instructions they are given from the top."
The women are woken up at 6:30 a.m., and their workday begins at 7:30 a.m. and continues for eight hours by law, but sometimes more. Most of the women in Tolokonnikova's prison work in the sewing industry, where they make clothes for the well-padded echelons of Russia's special and civil services.
Tolokonnikova has not yet begun working mandatory shifts, but was offered the chance to break some asphalt within the prison compound last week, a task she undertook with fervor after being cooped up for too long, Verzilov said.
Relatives are allowed to visit the women inside the prison for several hours, six times a year. Conjugal visits, for three days, are permitted four times per year. With the right stack of paperwork, prisoners are allowed food, books, medicine, and clothes — in black, the uniform of the prison — from relatives and friends.
Even if Tolokonnikova lobbies to have her sentence delayed until her daughter is a teenager, her effort may have effect only if and when the political tide in the Kremlin turns her way.
Svetlana Bakhmina, a lawyer arrested in the wake of the politicized trial of her boss, oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky, was sent to the same penal colony where Tolokonnikova now lives.
But despite having two children, aged 2 and 6 at the time of her arrest, Bakhmina was only released early when she became pregnant in prison. She was released in 2009, several months after the birth of her daughter.
Meanwhile, Russia's main Russian patent agency refused to register the words "Pussy Riot" as a trademark, Rospatent said Friday. The agency did not provide any details on why the request was turned down.
The registration request came from a company that belongs to the wife of the band's lawyer, Mark Feigin.
Feigin tweeted that he will try to register the trademark in the West.
Copyright 2012 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/X6AQQg
CHICAGO (FOX 32 NEWS) - Supporters and opponents of Donald Trump gathered at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago for a showdown on Friday afternoon, and the rally ended up being canceled for security reasons.
"It's anger in the country," Trump told MSNBC afterwards. "I don't think it's directed at me. Just what's been going on for years."
Trump said he did not "want to see people hurt or worse."
A statement from Trump's campaign read:
"Mr. Trump just arrived in Chicago and after meeting with law enforcement has determined that for the safety of all of the tens of thousands of people that have gathered in and around the arena, tonight's rally will be postponed to another date. Thank you very much for your attendance and please go in peace."
Inside the event, arguments and scuffles broke out between Trump supporters and opponents. People were yelling and pushing. Several people were led away by police. Two civilians and one police officer were injured and had to be hospitalized.
Rev. Jedidiah Brown of Chicago had tweeted before the event: "I feel this Trump rally at UIC is giving me a glimpse into the civil rights movement, I have never seen such bold hatred in my life." Two hours later, Brown made it on to the stage and yelled at supporters from the podium before being taken away by security.
In spite of security checking people at the door for signs, many anti-Trump protesters somehow got signs into the doors. Protesters got into each other's faces and screamed.
Many of the protesters were holding signs supporting organized labor. Others are focused on Trump's plan to "build a wall" along the U.S.-Mexico border.
Before people were even let inside the arena, we talked with a protester who claimed that a huge percentage of people with tickets were actually Trump opponents, which seemed to be true as things played out inside.
"The strategy is that we're going to have a formation inside, and we're going to lock arms. They're not going to be able to tackle all of us," the protester said.
After the Trump rally and before his own event in the Chicago suburb of Rolling Meadows, Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz said Trump bears responsibility for what happened.
"The city of Chicago in 1968 saw some ugly days when politics descended into hatred, incivility and even violence. I hope we can appeal to our better angels and avoid going down that road again," Cruz said. "America is better than this. We don't have to tear each other apart. We ought to be having a positive, meaningful discussion. I think a campaign bears responsibility for creating an environment. When a candidate encourages supporters to engage in violence and punch people in the face, it escalates."
The executive director of the activist group MoveOn.Org released a statement later blaming Trump and congratulating protesters.
"To all those who took to the streets of Chicago, we say thank you for standing up and saying enough is enough," Ilya Sherman said. "Mr. Trump and the Republican leaders who support him and his hate-filled rhetoric should be on notice after tonight."
Google
Google Maps didn't take long to capture the top spot among free iPhone apps.
Driving back into iTunes earlier today, the app had already reached first place after the first several hours. It's also garnered close to 8,000 reviews at this point, almost all of them earning five stars.
Screenshot by Lance Whitney/CNET
The new app offers all of the features that made it an iOS standard in the past but with a cleaner look and feel.
You can search for your destination by typing or speaking it. The app handles specific addresses as well as the names of businesses and landmarks. You can also tell the app whether you're driving, walking, or taking mass transit. In return, Google Maps provides you with spoken turn-by-turn directions.
You can quickly switch your view from traffic to public transit to satellite. In Street View mode, you can swipe your way around 360-degree panoramas of different locations.
There's no iPad-optimized version just yet, just the one version for all iOS devices. Otherwise, the app marks a smooth return for Google to the iOS world.
Google Maps was kicked out of the App Store after iOS 6 debuted in September. Apple replaced it with its own Maps app as the default navigation program for iOS.
But Apple Maps proved to be a wrong turn for the company following complaints of missing locations, faulty images, bad directions, and a host of other glitches.
Apple was forced to fess up to its Maps mess, even going so far as to recommend that users turn to other Maps apps as alternatives. Scott Forstall, Apple's iOS software chief, was reportedly fired over the Maps fiasco after refusing to sign a letter apologizing for the flaws in the app.
Google
Related story: Getting to know Google Maps on iOS
Now playing: Watch this: Google Maps is back
It was one ecological disaster we thought we'd largely licked. But in an "insidious" echo of the 1980s acid rain crisis, lakes in parts of North America and Europe are now experiencing severe calcium depletions that scientists are terming an "osteoporosis" of the water, a new study in the journal Science suggests.
Ontario's Plastic Lake was one of three lakes examined in a calcium study. ( CANADIAN WILDLIFE SERVICE PHOTO )
The paper's Canadian-led research team says acid rain – a lake-killing cause célèbre largely tamed in the past two decades – expelled much of the calcium from giant tracts of soil during its toxic heyday. And that calcium loss is now being felt in many of the lakes those soils feed – endangering entire aquatic food chains as well as the waterfowl that marine life supports. If calcium levels continue to fall, the potential for many lakes to simply die is very real, says John Smol, a professor at Queen's University and a key study author.
Article Continued Below
The cycle began when acid components were expelled into the atmosphere by massive industrial plumes late into the 20th century. These emissions have been greatly reduced by government-mandated scrubber technology. "We've made very good progress on acid rain ... and we have been seeing acidity recovery in lakes," says Smol. "But we didn't quite realize at the time that acid rain had a whole bunch of other possible side effects." Abetted by logging operations, which also deplete calcium levels in soil, acid rain pushed much of the mineral out of the ground in many parts of this continent over many decades, Smol says. This was especially true in areas of the Canadian Shield where the dirt is not deep. And while the process initially caused calcium levels to soar in many lakes – as the displaced mineral was washed into the streams and rivers that feed them – those levels eventually dissipated. And there was no more soil-based calcium to replace it. "Since the Ice Age, for 12,000 years calcium has been slowly being released from the soils, going into lakes and being used by the lakes," says Smol. "With acid rain we speeded that up really fast and now there's very little left. ... It's what we call aquatic osteoporosis."
The main culprits in acid rain, sulphuric and nitric acids, are like calcium and carry a positive charge. And as they fall into the ground, their positive charges repel the similarly charged calcium. Calcium, which helps build bones in humans, is required by all species. But in marine ecosystems, it's especially required by some of the tiny "keystone" species at the bottom of a food chain. And the study, which also included York University researchers, found a creature known as the Daphnia, or water flea, has been especially hard hit.
Article Continued Below
"It's an integral part of most lake systems. It feeds on the algae and any small fish feed on the Daphnia," says Smol, Canada Research Chair in Environmental Change. The calcium declines could also prove especially harmful to molluscs and crayfish, whose outer shells require high calcium intakes. But using the invertebrate Daphnia as an indicator, Smol's team sifted through sediments in three lakes: Plastic Lake near Dorset, Ont. in the Muskoka region, Little Wiles Lake in Nova Scotia, and Big Moose Lake in New York state. And in all three they found both low calcium levels and a sharp decline in water flea populations, often dating back to the 1970s. "A large number of lakes could be similarly effected," says Smol. "It's also probably hitting lakes in Scandinavia, we know in Norway calcium levels are very low. It's probably much more widespread." University of Waterloo freshwater ecologist Roland Hall says the study introduces a major new environmental concern and should lead to intensive research into the full effects of calcium depletion. "It's a little (like) when we discovered the ozone hole. Nobody was thinking about it, and then you find this hole and everybody is out there trying to figure out what (it's doing)."
Suddenly embroiled in too many scandals to even list, and humiliated by a publicly-exposed (because everyone knew about the NSA superspy ambitions before, but with one major difference: it was a conspiracy theory.... now it is a conspiracy fact) surveillance scandal that makes Tricky Dick look like an amateur, earlier today, as expected, Obama came out and publicly declared "I am not a hacker" and mumbled something about "security", "privacy" and "inconvenience." He went on to explain how the government "welcomes the debate" of all three in the aftermath of the public disclosure that every form of electronic communication is intercepted and stored by the US government (now that said interception is no longer secret, of course) but more importantly how it is only the government, which is naturally here to help, that should be the ultimate arbiter in deciding what is best for all.
Yet the PRISM-gate scandal which is sure to only get worse with time as Americans slowly realize they are living in a Orwellian police state, meant Obama would have to do more to appease a public so furious even the NYT issued a scathing editorial lamenting the obliteration of Obama's credibility. Sure enough, the president did. Reuters reports that the first course of action by the US government will be to... shoot the messenger.
Reuters reports that "President Barack Obama's administration is likely to open a criminal investigation into the leaking of highly classified documents that revealed the secret surveillance of Americans' telephone and email traffic, U.S. officials said on Friday."
And how did Reuters learn this: from "law enforcement and security officials who were not authorized to speak publicly."
The mimetic absurdity of the narrative is just too surreal to even contemplate for more than a minute before bursting out in laughter: the administration's plans to launch criminal charges against those who "leaked" its Nixonian espionage masterplan involving every US (and world) citizen using the Internet, revealed by another group of sources leaking in secret. Pure poetry.
Of course, this was inevitable - once you start down the path of a totalitarian surveillance superstate, you don't stop until all dissent is crushed: either peacefully through submission to debt serfdom, or, well, not so peacefully.
It was unclear on Friday whether a complaint had been submitted by the publicity-shy National Security Agency, which was most directly involved in the collection of trillions of telephone and email communications. However, one U.S. official with knowledge of the situation said that given the extent and sensitivity of the recent leaks, federal law may compel officials to open an investigation. A criminal probe would represent another turn in the Obama administration's battle against national security leaks. This effort has been under scrutiny lately because of a Justice Department investigation that has involved searches of the phone records of Associated Press journalists and a Fox News reporter.
But what's worst, is that it may all turn very personal against the same journalists who dared to divulge the NSA's spy-op:
Journalists involved in The Guardian and Washington Post articles have reported in depth on WikiLeaks, the website known for publishing secret U.S. government documents. The Post report on the PRISM program was co-written by Laura Poitras, a filmmaker who has been working on a documentary on WikiLeaks, with the cooperation of its founder Julian Assange, and who last year made a short film about Bill Binney, a former NSA employee who became a whistleblowing critic of the agency. Last year, the web magazine Salon published a lengthy article by the author of the Guardian report, Glenn Greenwald, accusing U.S. authorities of harassing Poitras when she left and re-entered the United States. Greenwald also has written frequently about Assange. The Guardian and Post stories appeared in the same week that U.S. Army Private First Class Bradley Manning went on trial in Maryland accused of leaking hundreds of thousands of classified documents to WikiLeaks. In an email to Reuters on Friday, Poitras rejected the notion that the trial had any impact on the timing of her story. "I am fully aware we are living in a political climate where national security reporting is being targeted by the government, however, I don't think fear should stop us from reporting these stories," Poitras wrote. "To suggest that the timing of the NSA PRISM story is linked in any way to other events or stories I'm following is simply wrong. Like any journalist, I have many contacts and follow multiple stories." Kris Coratti, a Washington Post spokeswoman, said the timing of the paper's publication of Poitras' story had nothing to do with Manning's trial and that Assange had played no role in arranging or encouraging the story. Greenwald did not respond to emailed requests for comment. The Guardian's editor-in-chief, Alan Rusbridger, declined to comment.
Needless to say, once political retribution for publicizing the nuances of the police state becomes a personal affair targeting the very journalists whose task is to provide much needed information, the first amendment is basically finished.
Alas, on the path to tyranny the loss of rights and privileges, let alone the occasional amendment written on a very old parchment and which nobody follows or cares about, is inevitable.
And it is up to the citizens of such a tyrannical government to reclaim their nation. Which they will... Just as soon as The Bachelorette/Big Brother (no pun intended)/X Factor is over and the next disability check clears.
As the UK's Polish population has grown, so has the popularity of Saturday classes designed to teach young British Poles the history – and native tongue – of their homeland
When klasa-I put down their pens for lunch, their teacher, Kinga Wiśniewska, dashes downstairs to feed her six-month-old daughter. Her husband swaps their baby for supervising her class of 14 eight- and nine-year-olds and starts an impromptu maths lesson over breaktime.
The willingness of teachers to teach and pupils to learn when the rest of the country is out enjoying a sunny Saturday morning is striking, but this school, in a community centre in Ely, Cambridgeshire, is no ordinary operation. It is one of scores of Polish Saturday schools that have opened in towns and cities across Britain.
The schools teach Polish, as well as the history and geography of Poland, to the children. Most, but not all, of the parents are Polish. Ely's school was founded by Wiśniewska and a friend in 2009 and this year has 52 children, up from 36 last year, including the daughter of a Thai couple who run a restaurant in Ely and want their child to learn Polish.
Wiśniewska's school day begins shortly before 9am, when she drives into the front yard of the community centre in a minibus containing her three eldest children, who are 13, 10 and eight. The school is run by volunteers, who are parents of pupils. Wiśniewska works as a childminder during the week but, like all the school's teachers, is a qualified teacher in Poland. Her colleague, Paulina Zakrzewska, was a teacher in Poland, but is now a waitress in a restaurant in Ely; she's hoping to become a teaching assistant in a British school. “Lessons have to be interesting, because it's their sixth day at school,” she says of her Saturday classes.
Wiśniewska's children amuse themselves with a soft football while she dashes around with other volunteers, transforming the community centre into a school: heaving chairs, tables and whiteboards into six “classrooms” covering preschool and five age groups up to 13.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest After the break, attention starts to wander ... Photograph: Alecsandra Raluca Drăgoi for the Guardian
Wiśniewska says she spends all her free time at home organising lesson plans, documentation and applications for financial support from the Polish government: “It's hard work, but it makes me happy.”
Polish Saturday schools are thriving in this area: Cambridge's has 200 pupils; Peterborough's 500. They may be bigger than ever, but they are not new. One parent knows three generations of British Poles who have attended Saturday schools, which were first established after the second world war for the children of Polish soldiers unable to return to their homeland. Nowadays, the schools receive funding from a cultural institute for teaching Polish to expats in Britain and from Poland's government for some building hire and book costs. This helps Ely's school remain accessible for financially stretched families – it costs only £7 a child a day, with additional children half-price. Teachers are unpaid and any remaining funds are reinvested in books.
Lessons begin at 10am with Polish language, followed by an early packed lunch and then another lesson, alternately history and geography, before a 1pm finish. The preschoolers begin by making potato prints. Their teacher holds up paint bottles and asks the children to name the colours in Polish. Then they sing a Polish song that involves holding hands and falling down, much like Ring a Ring o' Roses.
In Wiśniewska's class, the children learn to read and pronounce basic Polish vocabulary. They read, spell and chant words with “a” sounds: aparat (camera), ananas (pineapple), waga (scales). When Wiśniewska points to a picture of a gooseberry in the Polish workbook, the children are stumped: like any child of 2016, gooseberries are not part of their everyday lives.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Children from preschool age to 13 attend the Ely school. Photograph: Alecsandra Raluca Drăgoi for the Guardian
Four of the boys in Wiśniewska's class are new to the school and speak Polish, but cannot yet read or write in the language. This is common. Monika Bonczyk, who teaches the preschoolers, also brings her seven-year-old, Nicole; she speaks Polish fluently and, after starting Saturday school last year, can now read and write in Polish as well. “We're just helping each other,” says Bonczyk.
“This is an additional day of learning, so we try not to be too strict with them,” says Wiśniewska. She says the first lesson is always fine, but after the break the children's attention tends to wander. I spend break with a class who run around the sports hall, flicking off the lights and screaming with delight, but the pupils seem remarkably attentive again after the break.
“I remember when my kids started preschool aged three; they didn't speak any English. It's their main language now,” says Agnieszka Pekala, who has two sons and a daughter at the school. Like most parents, her children are usually alone or with one other British Pole in their UK classes, and they speak perfect, accentless English among their friends. “Our kids are five days at school. They speak Polish with us, but we can hear this accent – they speak Polish like a foreign person,” says Pekala. “Some Polish families' kids speak in English at home, because they think in English. It's very important for us [that they speak Polish], because they have to connect with grandparents and aunts and uncles.”
I hear no complaints about being dragged to school on a Saturday, but parents admit there is some reluctance. “There was a girl protesting this morning – she thinks her Saturday rights are being curtailed,” says Krystyna Bromek-Burnside, a parent-volunteer. “It's a balance – you have to allow them enough freedom, because it's the weekend. They have long school days, so you need them to do what they want to do.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘You have to allow them enough freedom.' Photograph: Alecsandra Raluca Drăgoi for the Guardian
Bromek-Burnside's seven-year-old son, Robert, “was reluctantly brought here – it wasn't his idea to do it”, she says. Luckily, another group runs football training in the sports hall before lessons begin, and Bromek-Burnside, a physicist who works in IT, also offers a bribe: “Half an hour on the phone playing Pokémon Go. It's amazingly effective.” Usually, when the pupils become teenagers, they choose to stop attending, but parents are trying to make it weekend-friendly. Because most junior football teams meet on Saturday mornings, a new team for Polish children has been set up in nearby Newmarket with games on a Sunday morning.
Most parental couples I meet are both Polish, but Bromek-Burnside's husband is Scottish. Although he learned Polish, the couple speak English together at home. Their daughter was fluent in both languages when she was three – “she would stand between her two grandmothers and translate” – but Robert, their second child, was “far less immersed in Polish when he was little, and it makes a huge difference”.
Bromek-Burnside has noticed how the school now sustains Robert's Polish. “He comes with new sentences, which we haven't supplied,” she says. “It's also a time for different friendships – they go to birthday parties of the children here.”
How does Saturday school compare with Monday-to-Friday school? “Better,” says Robert, “because I'm allowed to play football.” Is it hard learning Polish? “I've learned a few words,” says Robert. “You've learned quite a lot, actually,” says his mum.
After the EU referendum, there was a surge of parents who applied to become UK nationals, says Bromek-Burnside. Saturday school is a Brexit hedge for some: a key reason the Polish government part-funds these schools is so that returning expat children can slot into their year in a Polish school without too much trouble.
“I don't know whether we will go back to Poland, because we have a home here,” says Wiśniewska, “but, if some day we do go back, it's important for my children not to be way behind when we return to school there.”
Ely's Saturday school seems to be a dedicated, supportive and friendly place. If being in a community hall is awkward, it also creates a more informal atmosphere than a conventional school. But, for all the pleasure the children take in each other's company, school is school and children are children. When I ask Robert's class what they like best about Saturday school, a girl shoots up her hand. “It's shorter,” she says, laughing.
President Trump spoke in the Oval Office on Friday. Tom Price, secretary of health and human services is at left, and Vice President Pence is at right.
President Trump ignites a lot of fights, but the biggest defeat in his short time in the White House was the result of a long-running Republican civil war that had already humbled a generation of party leaders before him.
A precedent-flouting president who believes that Washington's usual rules and consequences of politics do not apply to him, Trump now finds himself shackled by them.
In stopping the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, the Republican Party's professed priority for the last seven years, the rebellious far right wing of his party out-rebelled Trump, and won a major victory Friday over the party establishment that he now leads.
Advertisement
Like every other Republican leader who has tried to rule a fissured and fractious party, Trump faces a wrenching choice: retrenchment or realignment. Does he cede power to the anti-establishment wing of his party? Or does he seek other pathways to successful governing by throwing away the partisan playbook and courting a coalition with the Democrats he has improbably blamed for his party's shortcomings?
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“It's really a problem in our own party, and that's something he'll need to deal with moving forward,” said Representative Tom Cole, a moderate Republican from Oklahoma who is part of the center-right Tuesday Group, which stuck with Trump in the health care fight and earned the president's praise in the hours after the bill's defeat.
“I think he did a lot — he met with dozens and dozens of members and made a lot of accommodations — but in the end there's a group of people in this party who just won't say ‘yes,'” Cole said. “At some point I think that means looking beyond our conference. The president is a deal-maker, and Ronald Reagan cut some of his most important deals with Democrats.”
Trump is not there yet. So far he is operating from the standard-issue Republican playbook. While he is angry and thirsty for revenge, he seems determined to swallow the loss in hopes of marshaling enough Republican support to pass spending bills, an as-yet unformed tax overhaul and a $1 trillion infrastructure package.
On Friday evening, a somewhat shellshocked president retreated to the White House residence to grieve and assign blame. He asked his advisers repeatedly: Whose fault was this?
Advertisement
Increasingly, that blame has fallen on Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, who coordinated the initial legislative strategy on the health care repeal with Speaker Paul Ryan, his close friend and a fellow Wisconsin native, according to three people briefed on Trump's recent discussions.
Trump, an image-obsessed developer with a lifelong indifference toward the mechanics of governance, made a game effort of negotiating with members of the far-right Freedom Caucus, even if it seemed to some members of that group, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, that he did not have the greatest grasp of health care policy or legislative procedure.
He told one adviser late Friday that his loss — a legislative debacle foreshadowed by the intraparty fight that led to the 2013 government shutdown — was a minor bump in the road and that the White House would recover.
In an interview with The New York Times on Friday, Trump insisted that the administration was “rocking.” The problem, he suggested, was divisions among Republicans.
There are “a lot of players, a lot of players with a very different mindset,” Trump said. “You have liberals, even within the Republican Party. You have the conservative players.”
Advertisement
But his advisers were more realistic. Trump's chief strategist, Stephen Bannon, according to people familiar with White House discussions, described what happened as a flat-out failure that could inflict serious damage on this presidency — even if Bannon believes Congress, not Trump, deserves much of the blame.
Bannon and the president's more soft-spoken legislative affairs director, Marc Short, pushed Trump hard to insist on a public vote, as a way to identify, shame and pressure “no” voters who were killing their last, the best chance to unravel the health care law.
One Hill Republican aide who was involved in the last-minute negotiations said Bannon and Short were seeking to compile an enemies list. But Ryan repeatedly counseled the president to avoid seeking vengeance — at least until he has passed spending bills and a debt-ceiling increase needed to keep the government running.
Trump, bowing to the same power-sharing realities that the besieged Ryan must cope with in leading the fractured Republican majority in the House, decided to back down. But the president's advisers worry about the hard reality going forward — the developer with the tough-guy veneer was steamrollered by various factions in the Republican Congress.
The president and his team lamented outsourcing so much of the early bill drafting to Ryan, and one aide compared their predicament to a developer who has staked everything on obtaining a property without conducting a thorough inspection.
Despite the president's public displays of unity with the speaker, Trump's team was privately stunned by Ryan's inability to master the politics of his own conference, according to two West Wing aides. The president, they said, is still sizing up Ryan's abilities, despite Trump's public statements of support.
As the dust settled on the health care debacle, it was clear that Trump's lieutenants in the Republican civil war had been divided on how they thought the health care fight should have been handled, which does not augur well for the political battles to come.
Mutual disgust with the Freedom Caucus seems to be pulling Trump and Ryan together, at least for now — just as it briefly united President Obama and John A. Boehner, Ryan's long-suffering predecessor, during their doomed effort to reach a “grand bargain” on a tax overhaul in 2011.
In a meeting before the Republican House conference convened Thursday night, Trump's team met for two hours of negotiations with Freedom Caucus members, leaving them sour and frustrated at the ever-changing list of demands emerging from the group's leader, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina.
Many on Trump's team disengaged from the process even as he dug in.
Gary D. Cohn, Trump's top economic adviser, had originally been tasked with playing a large role in shepherding the legislation from the White House side. But Cohn had grown leery of the bill, and the White House recognized that Cohn, a former president of Goldman Sachs and a liberal Democrat, was not a good messenger to deal with recalcitrant conservatives.
Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who returned Friday from a family skiing trip to Aspen, Colorado, had said for weeks that he thought supporting the bill was a mistake, according to two people who spoke with him. The president, according to two Republicans close to the White House, expressed annoyance that Kushner, who has described himself as a first-among-equals adviser, was not on site during the consequential week of wrangling. And Tom Price, who left Congress to become Trump's health and human services secretary, was singled out for blame for the bill's failure.
Trump's budget director, Mick Mulvaney, took on a bigger role pushing the bill, telling his former colleagues that the president wanted an up-or-down vote on Friday.
Trump had told allies Wednesday night that if he did not push for the bill himself, it would not pass. Several, speaking on the condition of anonymity, expressed astonishment that the president had not come to that realization much earlier.
Until the final week, Trump's team was deeply divided over whether he should fully commit to a hard sell on a bill they viewed as fundamentally flawed, with Vice President Mike Pence pointedly advising the president to label the effort “Ryancare,” not “Trumpcare,” according to aides.
Trump brushed aside those concerns in the last few days, and embraced the conventional role as leader of his party. He has one speed when he decides to shift to sales mode, aides said, and he had trouble modulating his tone, issuing cringe-inducing superlatives like “wonderful” to describe an ungainly bill his aides described as anything but.
After it was all over, the president dutifully blamed the Democrats, a party out of power and largely leaderless, after turning his back on their offers to negotiate on a bipartisan package that would have addressed shortcomings in the Affordable Care Act while preserving its core protections for poor and working-class patients.
Several aides advised him the argument was nonsensical, according to a person with knowledge of the interaction.
For Trump's Republican opponents, here was poetic revenge served cold. As a candidate in 2016, he initially scoffed at signing a Republican loyalty pledge, at times behaving more like an independent invading the Republican host organism than a normal presidential candidate.
As president, Trump has left dozens of critical administration jobs unfilled, rejecting stalwart Republican applicants deemed insufficiently loyal to him — and now he is decrying the disloyalty of the 20 to 30 conservative members who outmaneuvered and overpowered him on health care.
“We all learned a lot — we learned a lot about loyalty,” a solemn Trump told reporters late Friday.
The dynamic that led to his defeat is bigger than Trump, despite his tendency to personalize every win or loss. Republicans who gained power by savaging Washington are in full control and cannot agree on a path forward.
“We were a 10-year opposition party,” Ryan said late Friday. “Being against things was easy to do.”
Former Speaker Newt Gingrich, a Trump supporter, said Friday, with a chuckle, that he was “getting some déjà vu right now.”
“Do you think Donald J. Trump goes home tonight, shrugs and says, ‘This is what winning looks like'?” Gingrich added. “No! But this is where the Republican Party is right now, and it's been this way for years.”
But Trump put on his best face Saturday morning. “ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE,” he said on Twitter. “Do not worry!”
BNP Paribas, one of the largest banks in the world, has released a new report in which the bank details two scenarios for the integration of blockchain technology in our financial system, while arguing that bitcoin, "the first successful attempt for a secure and decentralized register," should be considered as a major disruptive invention "like the steam or combustion engine."
In a report published in Quintessence Magazine, an information portal in which the bank shares market analysis and commentary from industry experts and BNP Paribas specialists, Johann Palychata, research analyst at BNP Paribas Securities Services, discusses the paradigm shift introduced by bitcoin.
Scenario 1: Total Disruption
"What would happen if the ownership of securities were recorded in a blockchain?" he asks.
According to Palychata, there are two scenarios for the integration of blockchain tech in the post trade world; and the first scenario would create a "total disruption."
"In its purest form, a distributed blockchain system allows all market participants direct access to the DSD (Decentralised Securities Depositary), to the exchange and to the post trade infrastructure (clearing & settlement)."
"If this setup develops then existing industry players might be redundant," he says. However, given the challenge of keeping private keys safe, investors will likely "entrust an authority to safe keep [them]."
Scenario 2: Integration
The second scenario consists in an integration of blockchain technology within the post trade ecosystem. This would imply that custodians and settlement infrastructures would use the blockchain to record the ownership and trades between themselves.
In this scenario, end investors would still need to use a custodian to access the market and "the ledger will only be accessible to authorized market participants."
"Existing actors will remain in charge in this scenario, however, their level of service could change and they may deploy new services that they could not in the past because the investments required were a huge barrier to entry."
Finally, Palychata believes that Bitcoin, which "allows a removal of the central third party in financial transactions," has "solved a technical challenge and the currency it hosts has been successful so far."
According to him, the technology "offers a new range of possibilities well beyond finance," and "should be considered as an invention like the stream or combustion engine."
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF) — A 20-year-old man was shot and killed Saturday night near Ghirardelli Square in San Francisco while playing Pokémon Go.
The victim, identified by the San Francisco medical examiner's office as San Mateo resident Calvin Riley, was shot in the chest near the city's Aquatic Park.
Paramedics and police were called to the 900 block of North Point Street shortly before 10 o'clock Saturday night and found Riley suffering from a bullet wound to his torso. He received first aid but died, according to police.
Family members have set up a GoFundMe page to help pay for the funeral costs. In the posting, they say Riley was shot at a Pokémon stop.
“For no reason, he was just shot for no reason. Calvin is one of the most sincere, honest, the nicest person anyone could ever meet I don't know why it would happen to him,” friend Asher Abuelrous said.
The family moved from Massachusetts to the Bay Area. Calvin was a star baseball player in high school, where his dad was an assistant coach for the team.
He went on to play for San Joaquin Delta College in Stockton.
“Every guy on the team would gravitate towards him in practice and off the field but come game time when he stepped on the mound he was just a bulldog, a big time competitor,” Reed Peters, San Joaquin Delta College Coach said.
No suspect has been identified or arrested in the killing.
Authorities say there are no surveillance cameras in the area where Riley was killed, and are asking for the public's help in generating any leads.
TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Bay City News Service contributed to this report
Harman's crusade to jail more rapists: Human rights peer to lead justice system review
Harman's review was to have been announced six weeks ago when she was in charge of the Government
Harriet Harman has launched a sweeping review designed to increase the number of men found guilty of rape.
The women and equality minister declared that rapists 'are getting away with it time and time again'.
To lead her review of rape and the criminal justice system she has chosen a human rights campaigner who has backed the idea of setting targets for numbers of men brought to court on rape charges.
Baroness Stern, a veteran prison reform activist, took part in an inquiry by a feminist pressure group which also said police and prosecuting lawyers should be retrained to 'change attitudes'.
Miss Harman's review of rape complaints was to have been announced six weeks ago when she was in charge of the Government while Gordon Brown was on holiday.
But it was held back, apparently because of protests by Justice Secretary Jack Straw.
The launch of the review means a renewal of hostilities between the Government and the judiciary.
Senior judges have been deeply wary of ministerial attempts to ratchet up numbers of rape convictions and have rejected a number of initiatives they have seen as attempts to sway juries or introduce unfair rules.
Miss Harman said yesterday that the inquiry would cover how rape complaints are handled from when they are made until the court reaches a verdict.
It is also intended to examine 'professionals' attitudes to rape'; ensure that more cases progress further through the criminal justice system, and 'fairly increase conviction rates'.
The minister said: 'Convictions for rape have increased 50 per cent since 1997, but with less than 7 per cent of reported rapes leading to a successful prosecution we clearly must do more.
'Many more women are reporting rapes, but the Reid and Worboys cases show that despite this these men were getting away with it time and time again.
'We must have a systematic examination of the way rape complaints are handled.
'The Stern Review will help identify good practice and where those failures are happening so that we can take action.'
The cases of John Worboys, a taxi driver who was convicted of 12 attacks on women and may have committed more than 100, and Kirk Reid, suspected of 71 offences, have raised questions about the effectiveness of police investigations into attacks on women.
But the controversy over rape law has centred not on the handling of cases against men who attack women, but on those where women complain of rape by acquaintances.
Critics believe political pressure has driven prosecutors to bring rape charges against men whose behaviour is unlikely to be seen as rape by judges or juries.
Earlier this year 26-year-old chef Peter Bacon was cleared of rape charges by a jury in just 45 minutes.
Mr Bacon was charged with a crime that usually attracts a five-year jail sentence after a drunken one-night stand with a lawyer who told the court she could remember nothing of the alleged rape.
The lawyer was protected by lifelong anonymity, as are all women who make accusations of rape.
Criminologist Dr David Green, of the Civitas think-tank, said: 'It is hard for a man to say anything is wrong with this inquiry.
'You will always be accused of being a man who thinks women deserve it for drinking or dressing wrongly and so forth.
'The trouble with this whole campaign is that it means to interfere with the system of justice by which you are innocent until proven guilty.
'However you dress it up, they are trying to water down the protection against conviction of the innocent.'
In order to become accessible, the washrooms need to be renovated, provisions for an exterior elevator need to be made, as would an interior elevator, if the basement were to be used. A new Main Street entrance is also required.
Based on comparable experiences with other town buildings, that work would cost around $405,000, according to a January 20 staff report.
There is nothing wrong with the structure, but it's just not built to current standards, Rob Raycroft, the town's director of leisure services told councillors last week.
“There's no need to knock it down,” he said.
But that is what Councillor Iain Lovatt fears will happen.
“The grain elevator is not down a week yet and already we want to sell (the Silver Jubilee),” he said during the council meeting.
Councillor Rob Hargrave noted these discussions remind him of the outdoor pool, which no longer exists, as well as the grain elevator.
The building is on the town's built inventory heritage list but not designated by the Ontario Heritage Act.
“(A) heritage designation recognizes the importance of a property to the local community; protects the property's cultural heritage value; encourages good stewardship and conservation and promotes knowledge and understanding about the property,” according to the Ontario Heritage Act website.
A property can be designated under the Ontario Heritage Act when a municipality states its intention to do so via “… the drafting of a statement of cultural heritage value and interest, a council motion and an advertisement in a local publication,” according to the trust's website.
“Designation can be undertaken quickly,” the website further noted.
Because of its size – 3,700 square feet – the best tenant is someone other than leisure services, according to Raycroft.
The municipality bought the former post office in 1985 after leasing it for almost a decade before that.
While under town ownership, the building had a number of tenants.
In 1981, the basement was sub-leased to Seneca College. Currently, that space is occupied by the Whitchurch-Stouffville Public Library's books being held in storage for its annual sale.
The Latcham Gallery held its children's art classes there until last summer, when they were moved to new classroom space in the nearby gallery.
The main floor once housed the Strawberry Festival office and 55+ Club.
JERUSALEM (JTA) – Israel's rabbinical courts have in recent years ramped up their practice of blacklisting citizens they deem not Jewish, internal data released Sunday show.
With increasing frequency, they have placed Israelis, almost all of them immigrants with Jewish heritage, on lists that prevent them from marrying Jews. They argue this practice is necessary to preserve the coherence of the Jewish people.
But critics say the rabbinical courts have stepped outside their legal jurisdiction and beyond what is required by even an Orthodox interpretation of Jewish law.
“The rabbinical courts have now made everybody is fair game to have their Jewishness challenged,” said Rabbi Seth Farmer, the director of ITIM, a nonprofit that guides Israelis through the country's religious bureaucracy. “Once you open that door, you're exponentially expanding your pool and your numbers are going to go up.”
The courts keep two blacklists: one for Israelis they deem “not Jewish” and the other for those whose “Jewishness needs clarification.” But the consequences for those on both lists are the same. They cannot marry or access Jewish services through the Chief Rabbinate, Israel's haredi-dominiated rabbinical authority.
Because the Rabbinate, which oversees the rabbinical courts, has a monopoly over Jewish marriage in Israel, those on the lists cannot marry Jews.
Last year, the total number of Israelis blacklisted was 454, compared to 134 in 2012. Of the 3,988 Israelis added to the lists since were created in 1954, 2,783 were ruled “not Jewish.” According to ITIM, 22 percent of the names on the blacklists were added between 2015 and 2016 alone.
ITIM obtained the statistics from the rabbinical courts through freedom of information request.
Farber attributed the accelerating growth of the blacklists to increased assertiveness by the Rabbinate in checking who is a Jew. The most recent — and extreme — example, he said, is the rabbinical courts' willingness to investigate not just Israelis who applied for marriage, but also their family members.
According to legal experts, the Rabbinate has also started sending more and more marriage applicants to rabbinical courts to be vetted. ITIM officials said the rabbinical courts now investigate more than 5,000 people for their Jewishness each year. They estimated that most of those people are Jews, too, and simply cannot prove it.
Because Jewishness is traditionally passed down from mother to child, the rabbinical courts bring in siblings or matrilineal relatives of marriage applicants and typically issue a ruling that applies to everyone. This has been going on for least a decade and routinely for at least the past year and a half.
ITIM learned about the practice in early 2016 and appealed to Israel's High Court of Justice on behalf of four such families. It argued that the rabbinical courts — which are empowered to resolve disputes related to Jewish religious matters, including marriage and divorce — do not have the legal jurisdiction to adjudicate the Jewishness of Israelis without their consent.
Before turning to the High Court, ITIM appealed to the Supreme Rabbinical Court in Jerusalem. Apparently in response to those appeals, and days before denying the first two in December, the Rabbinate officially gave the courts a mandate for its practice of investigating family members.
Farber said the Rabbinate's “inquisition” of Israeli society is part of its push under the current right-wing government to cement its control over how Judaism is defined in Israel. He said the “identity of Israel as a state for all Jews” was at stake.
“Instead of putting the onus on people to have to prove they're Jewish, we should be embracing Jews from all around the world,” he said. “The best way to protect Jewish identity is not to circle the wagons but to take down the walls and embrace people.”
This summer, the government withdrew from a deal to create an egalitarian prayer section at the Western Wall. The Knesset passed a law allowing non-Orthodox Jews to be barred from state mikvehs, or ritual baths. And ITIM released a list of some 160 rabbis, including several prominent American Orthodox leaders, whom the Rabbinate does not trust to confirm the Jewish identities of immigrants.
Nearly all the rabbinical courts' investigations of Jewishness target immigrants from the former Soviet Union and their descendants. It was the influx of more than a million people from those countries starting in the late 1980s under Israel's Law of Return — which guarantees automatic citizenship to anyone with a Jewish grandparent — that moved the Rabbinate to begin doing background checks on marriage applicants in the first place.
Rabbi Shimon Yaakovi, an attorney who directs the Rabbinical Courts Administration, told JTA in January that the rabbinical courts must protect the Jewish nation from being unwittingly compromised by intermarriage. The rabbinical courts did not respond to a request for comment just ahead of Shabbat.
“We can't have someone walking around wrongly thinking he's a Jew, and his family and friends believing it,” he said. “I understand people's need to be part of the Jewish collective in Israel, but there are rules, and if we don't obey the rules we undermine halacha. Judaism is not being measured by feelings.”
But religious experts, including Rabbi David Stav, a leading religious Zionist rabbi, told JTA in January that the background checks of Jews are in no way required by Jewish law.
“If the court found out there was an attempt to hide something or cheat the rabbis, I can understand they have to check [the person's Jewishness] again,” he said. “Halachically speaking, though, there is no need to check anything about someone's story unless he gives you a good reason to be suspicious.”
Yael, one of ITIM's clients whose family immigrated from Belarus when she was a baby, heard that her appeal to the Supreme Rabbinical Court had been denied in December, just days after she married her Israeli Jewish husband in a private Orthodox wedding — the likes of which were recently outlawed in Israel. She said she was devastated all over again, but proud that she had moved ahead on her own.
This story "More Israelis Banned From Marriage By Rabbinical Courts" was written by Andrew Tobin.
Municipality in Central Luzon, Philippines
The Municipality of Sasmuan, formerly known by its Spanish name Sexmoán, is a 4th class municipality in the province of Pampanga, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 28,004 people.[3]
Geography [ edit ]
Sasmuan is located in the southern part of Pampanga. It is one of the three towns in the province touching the Manila Bay (Others are Macabebe and Lubao). It is bounded to the north by the municipalities of Guagua and Minalin; to the east by the municipality of Macabebe; to the west by the municipality of Lubao; and to the south by Manila Bay.
Barangays [ edit ]
Sasmuan is politically subdivided into 12 barangays.
Santo Tomas includes Sitio Sta. Cruz
San Nicolas 2nd includes Sitio Remedios
San Nicolas 1st
Santa Lucia
San Antonio
San Pedro
Santa Monica includes Sitio San Francisco
Malusac "Sto Rosario"
Sebitanan "Sto Cristo"
Mabuanbuan "Sagrada Pamilya"
Batang 1st "Sto Nino"
Batang 2nd "Sn Vicente"
Etymology [ edit ]
It was known as Sexmoan until January 15, 1991.[4] The town's former name in Spanish was Sexmoán, as was initially transcribed by Spanish friars. In Spanish, the letter <x> used to be pronounced as a voiceless postalveolar fricative /ʃ/, identical to the digraph <sh> in English. It was derived from the ancient Kapampangan rootword sasmo, which means to meet, according to a 17th-century Kapampangan dictionary. Sasmuan therefore is synonymous with "pitagmuan" or "meeting place of the datus" or "meeting point". It was named "Sasmuan" because it is where the Pampangos meet when they were at war with the Chinese in Guagua.[5] In 1991, it was unanimously changed into Sasmuan, since the previous name, Sexmoán, denoted a very negative sexual connotation not only to the town, but also to the people living within the town itself due to the inculture of believing that the prefix "Sex-" had something to do with the English word sex.[6][7]
History [ edit ]
Sasmuan already had a well-developed system of government well before the era of Spanish colonization. It evolved to be one of the oldest and major settlements in Pampanga by the 16th century. The Santa Lucia Church was one of the first Roman Catholic churches built in the Philippines by the Spaniards with the political and financial support of the Principalia.
Demographics [ edit ]
Population census of Sasmuan Year Pop. ±% p.a. 1903 6,981 — 1918 7,224 +0.23% 1939 10,018 +1.57% 1948 9,804 −0.24% 1960 13,081 +2.43% 1970 16,792 +2.53% 1975 16,849 +0.07% Year Pop. ±% p.a. 1980 17,901 +1.22% 1990 21,148 +1.68% 1995 23,146 +1.71% 2000 23,359 +0.20% 2007 26,630 +1.82% 2010 27,254 +0.85% 2015 28,004 +0.52% Source: Philippine Statistics Authority[3][8][9][10]
In the 2015 census, the population of Sasmuan, Pampanga, was 28,004 people,[3] with a density of 310 inhabitants per square kilometre or 800 inhabitants per square mile.
Economy [ edit ]
Sasmuan Fish port
Sasmuan has a unique geography in that it is surrounded by fish ponds. Aquaculture has been the main industry that drives the local economy. The fish from ponds and other areas are sold at the Fish Port.
The town has 2 prime business ventures and both are in the food industry. These two are Sasmuan Delicacies which was founded in 1990 and Aiza's Sweets which was started in 2000. For Sasmuan Delicacies, their products are being sold in many big supermarkets and malls in the Philippines, including SM City Malls. Aiza's Sweets on the other hand, has SM City Malls as one of their primary customer, but they also sell to several popular local shops such as Susie's Sweets, Nathaniels, etc. Also, Aiza's Sweets exports to the USA and Canada.
Culture [ edit ]
Cuisine [ edit ]
Polvoron- Roasted flour with sugar, milk, and butter or margarine.
Tamales- Rice flour with shrimp gravy, garlic, and a little slice of boiled egg steamed in banana leaves.
Palapat- A sour fruit from a tree that grows in shallow waters. Often utilised as a condiment.
Tabang Talangka- fat derived from talangka , a small breed of crab.
, a small breed of crab. Eko- a type of fish sauce.
Taklang Dagis - A Stool from Dakung.
Dulum/Sinarapan- A small fish found in rivers.
Pituklip- Thin sticky rice dessert.
Fiestas [ edit ]
Fiesta San Juan: Celebrated every June 24 in honour of St. John the Baptist. Customarily, visitors to the town are doused with water in imitation of the saint's biblical role. A grand fluvial parade is conducted that lasts throughout the day.
Kuraldal Festival: Celebrated every January 6 in honour of the town's patron saint, Saint Lucy. This saint is believed to help not only the blind but women who wish to have fertility and to bear children.
Santa Lucia Parish Church [ edit ]
Santa Lucia Parish Church
The Santa Lucia Parish Church in Sasmuan is the first church in the province built by Augustinién priests. It stands right beside the Río Grande, the ancient waterway that connected Pampanga to Manila Bay. The structure is said to have been built by Jose Duque in the 17th century. It was rebuilt in early 1800 and was reinforced by Toribio Fanjul in 1884.
The edifice has an interesting and unique façade. It has decorative floral carvings on its main entrance. The old town church is one of the few, if not the only church in the country where the single belfry is situated between the church and the convento. The church, which measures 45 metres (148 ft) long, 11 metres (36 ft) wide, and 6 metres (20 ft) high, also features a grotto of Our Lady of Fatima. Devotees from all over the province flock here to honor Saint Lucy, believed to be a miraculous saint.
Founded in 1590, Santa Lucia is a parish of the Vicariate of St. Joseph in the Archdiocese of San Fernando. The parish celebrates the feast day of its titular patron on December 13.
An author described it as “very beautiful and of very good condition.” When looking at the complex of church and convent, one is struck by the impression that the round and rectangular openings are capriciously aligned. This makes the façade both interesting and unique.[11]
It was renovated in 2003 under parish priest Teodro P. Valencia. On June 9, 2007, it was solemnly rededicated.[12] [13]
Images [ edit ]
Welcome marker
St. Lucy School of the Archdiocese of Pampanga
Covered courts and gymnasium
Panorama of the Fish port
See also [ edit ]
Matt Wilcox writes that it's meaningless to ask a person to subscribe for notifications when they're visiting a site for the first time.
Web people; this UI is useless. I am never going to Allow when this pops up, because it pops up on initial load. It's got no context yet. pic.twitter.com/88ShxcWbIk — Matt Wilcox (@MattWilcox) September 21, 2017
He's right. Here's how to ask for permission to make it effective:
1. Find the right moment#
In mobile apps, 60-70% of users dismiss the permission request if it's requested straight on the first launch Asking the user to subscribe for notifications when they visit a site for the first time is ineffective. They don't know anything about you yet. It's likely they'll just block your request.
Instead, find the right moment:
Wrong Right Why Asking to share the location when a user opens a pizzeria site Asking to share the location when a user clicks “Show pizzerias nearby” on a pizzeria site In the latter case, it's clear why the site is asking for the permission. In the former case, it's not Suggesting to subscribe for notifications when a user visits a news site for the first time Suggesting subscribing for notifications when a user visits a news site for a third time in a week In the latter case, the user is frequent, so they might find notifications relevant. In the former case, they don't even know what content the site has
2. Show a custom permission request at first#
This is how e.g. a Russian media called TJournal does this:
TJournal won't trigger the browser request until the user clicks the “Yes, I would” button. There're two reasons for this:
If the user blocks the browser request, you won't be able to ask for the permission again. On the contrary, if the user dismisses your custom request, you'll still be able to ask again in a different situation – e.g., when a user clicks on a “Subscribe” button in a different part of site.
On the contrary, if the user dismisses your custom request, you'll still be able to ask again in a different situation – e.g., when a user clicks on a “Subscribe” button in a different part of site. The browser request is non-customizable. You can't put a picture or a custom text there. But you can with a custom request.
3. Finally, if a user accepted the request, show them the browser dialog#
This one:
That's it.
Further reading#
Related
For most of us, the hardest part about committing to a portrait project is coming up with new and creative photos day in and day out, but that doesn't seem to be the case for pro photographer, Amanda Chapman. Since 2012, Chapman has been partaking in 31 Days Of Halloween project where she dresses up in different makeup and costume every day for the month of October. Once learning her husband had been diagnosed with cancer in August of 2012, Chapman desperately needed an outlet and a project to ease the mind's of her and her family. As October of the same year rolled around, she started doing different makeup every day and posting the photos to her facebook page.
Though she had no formal training in makeup, in fact, she had only done it a couple times in the past for Halloween costumes, her Tim Burton inspired looks grabbed the attention of her fans while simultaneously giving her family something fun to look forward to each day.
“The 31 Days Of Halloween was like therapy for us. My husband had something to look forward to everyday. Two years later my husband still has cancer (non Hodgkin's lymphoma) but has never had to have a single treatment. Today this project has become a celebration of both my true love for Halloween and my wonderful husband Greg.”
Chapman's awesome photography project took off and her portfolio has been evolving ever since.
Behind The Scenes
Here is the typical setup Amanda uses for the 31 Days Of Halloween portraits. Starting with a Canon 5D Mark III with a 24-105mm lens, she brings in three lights: the main light is an Alien bee B800 with an AlienBees softbox, there are two more lights to each side of her face that are outfitted with colored gels.
“The white foam board I'm holding is used for fill light and I have a huge silver reflector to my right…I change my camera settings slightly according to how I'm lighting it…usually ISO is set to 50, shutter around 1/125, and aperture 4.0.”
And here's the photo she was taking in the image above…
Drumroll, please…
I'm not sure how Amanda finds the time to do this everyday, but we're sure glad she does! Anyone finds a little last minute halloween costume inspiration? You can see all of Chapman's looks from 2012, 2013, and 2014 on her website (they're all really good!) and be sure to check out her Facebook page and Instagram for more behind the scenes shots.
[ Amanda Chapman Photography ]
Suggestions appreciated
I am on a budget. Anything above 7-8USD per card is pushing it.
I'm crap with sideboards, so I could use some help.
Card Breakdown
Creatures
Myr Retriever -- Returns almost any of my car to my hand
Steel Overseer -- Buffs all of my creatures to an absurd level
Vault Skirge -- Early-game pressure with flying and lifelink
Etched Champion -- I almost always have at least 3 artifacts on the board, so he can get past a lot of removal.
Ornithopter -- Flying chump blocker for free + metalcraft
Memnite -- See above
Equipment
Cranial Plating -- A win-condition, is very powerful in this deck
Enchantments
Tempered Steel -- Buffs every one of my creatures, a key card
Instants
Path to Exile -- Best removal in Modern
Double Cleave -- A good game-ending mechanism.
Dispatch -- A Path to Exile with no drawback (most of the time)
Other
Inkmoth Nexus -- Alternate win con
Darksteel Citadel -- land that gives me metalcraft
City of Brass -- Lets me trigger Cranial Plating's equip ability as an instant.
Thanks for any input!
These days, the Roman Catholic Church is synonymous with child sexual abuse . We owe nobody an apology for saying this . It's the truth. C...
http://humansarefree.com/2017/06/australias-catholic-church-paid-213.html
These days, the Roman Catholic Church is synonymous with child sexual abuse. We owe nobody an apology for saying this. It's the truth.
Read analysis of Catholic Church Authorities' data on claims of child abuse https://t.co/4AYWsYEytb February 15, 2017
Cases of child sexual abuse and subsequent cover-ups committed during the 20th and 21st centuries by Catholic priests, nuns, and members of the Roman Catholic Order have led to numerous allegations, investigations, trials and convictions.The abused include boys and girls, some as young as 3 years old, with the majority between the ages of 11 and 14.It is beyond imagination that these so-called men and women of God have molested innocent children in this widespread way. The abuse is a worldwide problem in the church. There aren't accurate statistics to determine the number of children these pedophiles in the church have abused worldwide because of the extent.From 2001 to 2010, the Holy See, which serves as the central governing body of the Catholic Church, considered sex abuse allegations involving approximately 3,000 priests dating back up to fifty years.Cases worldwide reflect patterns of long-term abuse and of the church hierarchy regularly covering up reports of alleged abuse.Diocesan officials and academics knowledgeable about the Roman Catholic Church have revealed that sexual abuse by the pedophiles in the church is generally not discussed, and thus is difficult to measure.In 2014, the Vatican said 3,420 credible accusations of sexual abuse committed by priests had been referred to its institution over the past 10 years, and that 824 clerics were defrocked as a result.However, a new investigation carried out in Australia has shed light on the damning practice of Catholic priests and nuns in the country.According to the report, the Catholic Church paid US$213 million to victims of sex abuse committed by priests in Australia over decades.In 2002, a critical investigation by The Boston Globe in the United States led to worldwide media coverage of child sexual abuse in the Roman Catholic Church. By 2010, much of the reporting focused on abuse in Europe.In 2012, Australia also announced it was to investigate the abuses by the church.By 2013, the Australian Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse commenced hearings on alleged Catholic Church sex abuse of children – mostly boys.In mid-February 2017, the commission issued a report revealing:“Catholic Church authorities made total payments of [AU]$276.1 million [US$213million] in response to claims of child sexual abuse received between 1 January 1980 and 28 February 2015, including monetary compensation, treatment, legal and other costs.”Of the 4,445 cases the church received between January 1980 and February 2015 in the country, the report said the church managed to identify 1,880 alleged perpetrators, who included 597 (32% ‘religious brothers,' 572 (30%) priests, 543 (29%) lay people, and 96 (5%) religious sisters or nuns.According to the report, 90% of abusers were male while the abused were also mostly boys.According to the commission, sex abuse victims received AU$91,000 in compensation.The report by the commission also stated that the Christian Brothers group admitted during the hearing that both the highest total payment and the largest number of total payments is $48.5 million.It was paid in relation to 763 payments at an average of approximately $64,000 per payment. The Christian Brothers is a worldwide religious community within the Catholic Church.Furthermore, the commission said the Jesuits had the highest average total payment at an average of approximately $257,000 per payment (of those Catholic Church authorities who made at least 10 payments).The Jesuit is an order of religious men in the Roman Catholic Church.Critics, including those in the Catholic Church who want justice for the victims, say the system of payments is unfair and not all victims receive the same opportunities or compensation.The Church's Truth Justice and Healing Council chief executive, Francis Sullivan candidly admitted to local media that not all victims have equal opportunities or compensation.“Even though the church has paid $270 million and it took a long time to get its act together to do that, there's no doubt the system of paying people and compensating them is best done independently of the church through a national redress scheme.“Some congregations pay far more than others. Some dioceses pay far more than others. It's still not a fair system,” he added.“It's a picture of great unfairness and inequity between survivors across Australia depending on where they placed their claim,” Helen Last, Chief Executive Officer of In Good Faith Foundation, which represents 460 abuse victims also told the Reuters news agency in an interview.
Hours - 8:30 am - 5:00 pm
Admission Cost - (including 13% HST)
Adult - $17.00
Youth (Age 6-15) - $5.00
Children 5 and Under - FREE
MasterCard, VISA or Cash
Location - 14939 Concession 3-4 Rd, Finch, Ontario K0C 1K0.
See Google Maps.
Follow signs to parking when you get close.
Daily Shuttle Bus
Leave the Cornwall Civic Complex at 9:30 am return trip back to Cornwall leaves at 4:30 pm the same day.
A maximum of 48 seats are available each day.
NO PETS ALLOWED ON SITE
NO SMOKING ON SITE
HANDICAPPED ACCESSIBILITY IS LIMITED
Scooter Rentals Information
Accommodations - Book now for best choice. Rooms - RV Park
For General Information Please Contact: 613-984-9066 or 613-984-9097
On site IPM Office - 613-984-9089
BMO Kids Day Saturday, September 26, 2015
FREE admission for children under 16 and one accompanying adult*
FREE Pancake breakfast in the BMO tent from 8:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m.**
FREE shows on the main stage
FREE BMO Kids' Day activities in the BMO tent
*Children under 16 must be accompanied by an adult.
**Free breakfast for kids and one adult per kid. While supplies last.
​A nun had some surprising "revelations" for an assembly of students at Charlotte Catholic High School!
Sister Jane Dominic Laurel, a professor at Nashville, Tennessee's Aquinas College, asserted to students that masturbation and/or lack of a male father figure makes you gay.
Thankfully, the students aren't taking this nonsense lightly.
QNotes published a first-hand account of what transpired:
The letter and petition allege that Laurel said a variety of prejudiced comments about gay and lesbian people during her lecture on masculinity and femininity, including that masturbation or an absent father may make a boy more likely to be gay — two claims soundly rejected by all mainstream medical professionals and associations. “Then she started talking about how gays [sic] people are gay because they have an absent father figure, and therefore they have not received the masculinity they should have from their father,” reads one student's account of the message. “Also a guy could be gay if he masterbates [sic] and so he thinks he is being turned on by other guys. And then she gave an example of one of her gay ‘friends' who said he used to go to a shed with his friends and watch porn and thats why he was gay. … Then she talked about the statistic where gay men have had either over 500 or 1000 sexual partners and after that I got up and went to the bathroom because I should not have had to been subject to that extremely offensive talk.”
As mentioned above the students have drafted a petition in opposition to Laurel's commentary.
Here's an excerpt:
We the students of Charlotte Catholic High School would like to issue a formal complaint regarding Sr. Jane Dominic's speech given on on Friday, March 21st. We found some of the ideas expressed to be both offensive and unnecessarily derogatory. We are incensed that you knew the content of this speech and allowed these ideas to be expressed in a school that should be preaching a message of love and acceptance.
The petition goes on to express the students' support of the gay community. As of this writing more than 3,500 people have added their signature.
It's interesting to see students being far more enlightened than their supposed "educators."
Thoughts, Instincters?
We want you and your wedding party to look your best on your big day, and that's why we are excited to announce the incredible ! With $2500 being given away with tons of goodies to pick from, both the couple and their entire bridal party can get dressed up and be ready for the wedding. The $2,500 in prizes include a $500 Gift Card from Bows-N-Ties, $200 gift card from Happy Socks, a custom tailored tuxedo worth $529 from Black Lapel, a destination wedding gown and a gift card from Bari Jay totaling $400, a $200 gift card to Rifle Paper Co and wait for it, a $500 gift card for the bridesmaids to Sweet and Spark. Enter for a chance to win .
now has an incredible collection that encompasses thousands of high quality designs in any imaginable fabric, cut, print, and pattern. They opened their doors in 2009 when the founder and CEO Hendrik Pohl was inspired by his own dapper father's German necktie business. Pohl has since set his mind to become the largest online retailer of men's neckwear in the world. With an outstanding collection of bow ties and ties including over 100,000 different designs to choose from, you will definitely find what you're looking for.
To recap, the giveaway includes:
A $500 Gift card to
A custom tailored tux valued $529 from
A destination wedding dress a gift card from with a $400 value
A $200 gift card to
A $500 gift card to
A $200 gift card to
This giveaway will outfit you, your groom, your bridal party with lots of great gifts for them too!
To enter for a chance to win this huge giveaway, head over stat to Bows-N-Ties Giveaway. The giveaway ends on August 11, 2015.
NIN Live: 1994
April 19, 1994, Seattle, WA, Moore Theatre
Setlist
Pinion
Terrible Lie
Sin
March of the Pigs
Something I Can Never Have
Closer
Reptile
Wish
Suck
The Only Time
Get Down Make Love
Down In It
Big Man With a Gun
Head Like a Hole
Dead Souls
Help Me I'm In Hell
Happiness in Slavery
Known Recordings
Source 1a: Audio - AUD (Sonic Studios + Sony TCD-D3)
Taper: Ed Phernetton
Time: 82 minutes
Rating: 5 out of 5
Hear a Sample: Head Like a Hole, 2 Minutes
Download the Full Show: .Zip File FLAC, 532 MB
Added to Archive: April 15th, 2014
Comments:
This is the same recording as below on the Silver CD, but this is the superior source coming from a DAT clone of the DAT master. Sound is amazing. This recording was transferred at 16/48, same rate as the master tape for archival purposes.
Source 1b: Audio - AUD [Sonic Studio Mics + Sony TCD-D3] (Silver CD - Familiar Sting)
Taper: Ed Phernetton
Time: 81 minutes
Rating: 4.5 out of 5
Hear a Sample: Head Like a Hole, 2 Minutes
Download the Full Show: .Zip File FLAC, 488.1 MB
Added to Archive: August 07th, 2010
Comments:
This is from the pressed CD "Familiar Sting" as most silvers, its a good recording.
Recent Bitcoin price behavior, due to the happenings in China, has raised the question of whether the digital currency can survive without the support of the world's largest country where a majority of its related activities are considered to be taking place.
However, insiders' views and a keen look at the turn of events shows that China has presented the world with an exemplary opportunity to make the Bitcoin market less dependent on it.
There have been talks about a regulatory framework in the making not just in China but other parts of the world. The debate has started on how far a government can go to ban Bitcoin use in its jurisdiction. The recent drop in Bitcoin price has also encouraged a somewhat form of redistribution of wealth as some reports say the low price of Bitcoin made it possible for some new users in countries in India, South America and parts of Africa to lay their hands on the coins.
From cash to cashless
In short, it demonstrates that when governments can't make something illegal, they bring it into their fold. It has seemed friendlier to embrace Bitcoin in the United States, European Union, China, Russia and Japan.
Countries now tend to see the opportunities Bitcoin presents to them to meet the needs of a growing middle class and those people moving from cash to cashless.
Note it is not a single nation that has gotten involved. Though China still has the upper hand in terms of the early adoption, several countries are getting involved in Bitcoin related activities going be new information emerging with time.
China's dominance does not translate to control
According to the COO of Remitsy and organizer of Beijing Bitcoin Meetup, Neil Woodfine, China's huge trade volume has been misleading and the country's dominance in Bitcoin mining does not translate to control. He also argued that thinking in terms of nation-states does not work when it comes to Bitcoin.
Woodfine states that Bitcoin's value proposition is too great to just disappear even in the worst-case scenario that Chinese exchanges were closed down, or Chinese traders got bored and moved onto another hyped asset.
For the CEO of DECENT, Matej Michalko, told Cointelegraph on China's perceived grip on the entire crypto-world:
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A child was dragged along the pavement by cyclist Andrew Holland.
A cyclist who ran down a toddler and dragged her 12ft (3.6m) along a pavement has admitted dangerous cycling.
Andrew Holland, 24 of Campbell Avenue, Blackpool, collided with three-year-old Lucie Wilding as she stepped out of her front gate.
Holland was ordered to pay £829 in fines and costs by Lancaster magistrates.
Footage captured on the family's CCTV camera was played to the court.
The child suffered scrapes, bruises and bumps to the head and her parents said she is still suffering from anxiety.
Lucie's mother, Lauren Howarth, said: "There was just blood all down the side of her face and she was just screaming, just screaming.
"It was awful. All she was doing was just stepping outside her front gate. Never for one minute would I ever think that a cyclist would hit my daughter on the pavement."
Leaving court Holland said he had written to the family to apologise, a claim denied by Lucie's parents.
United Airlines has settled with Dr. David Dao after he was dragged off a flight earlier this month.
As part of the deal, the settlement amount remains confidential.
Earlier Thursday, United unveiled a slew of policy changes that it hopes will prevent a repeat of the public relations disaster that has engulfed the company after Dao was forcibly removed from a plane on April 9.
Dao was a passenger on Flight 3411 from Chicago to Louisville, which was overbooked. He and other passengers were offered $800 to give up their seats for United crew members.
The airline said it will now offer up to $10,000 to customers who volunteer to give up their seats on an overbooked flight.
Social media erupted in fury after videos and photos of the incident circulated. CEO Oscar Munoz drew fire when he used the euphemism "re-accommodate" in a public statement to describe what happened to Dao.
Munoz did not improve the situation when he said Dao was "disruptive and belligerent" in an email to employees. He has since changed his tune and repeatedly apologized for how the airline handled the situation.
United should be applauded "for this acceptance of corporate accountability," said Thomas Demetrio, one of Dao's lawyers.
The vid speaks for itself. Currently I'm getting pussy 8 times a week. Yes it helps to be better looking than Jack Hoyt himself, but the main reason I've been so successful with the ladies is due to my experience as a wobbler. Flocks of women appear in large numbers when I whip out my black 6.5 foot cord and insert it into the controller slot. The smooth silky precision of my finger stroking the A button over and over again is enough to draw the ladies in from miles away, slowly turned on as the percent builds to 300. It sounds insane; but this is in fact the reality I live in. For it has been now 7 consecutive years in which you all have funded my extravagant lifestyle of gold chains and motel stains. You hairless rodents insist on calling these shows “smash tournaments”. A tournament involves more than ONE person competing for a prize. I'd win a Midwest tournament wearing a quail mask with Dick Cheney standing behind me holding a loaded shotgun. I could win a Champaign tournament with my controller stapled to the wall while I hurl rocks at 200 BPM at the buttons from across the room, blindfolded. If y'all just wanna throw money at me it would be much less of a hassle for my schedule if I setup a paypal account and everyone can donate to me directly. Look for me in a month at Smash Summit 5. I'll be playing most my matches while sitting on the toilet using a wavebird.
If I make it to the voting phase I'll drop a Cal diss track.
Deegs.
Bellator flyweight Anastasia Yankova has all the markings of a mainstream crossover star.
The undefeated (3-0) Moscow native fights for the second time under the Bellator banner Friday night live on Spike TV, taking on fellow undefeated fighter Veta Arteaga (2-0). While the fight marks Yankova's first professional MMA tilt on American soil, she feels she owns some advantages heading into the matchup. Specifically, Yankova believes the hardships she's overcome and her “Russian Spirit” have made her the tougher, more resilient fighter. Friday, that will show.
“In Russia, it's not an easy life most of the time,” Yankova said. “I come from a culture that has endured much throughout history, dating back thousands of years. There has been a lot of bloodshed and many wars in my country. We, as a people, have always figured out a way to persevere. I have that advantage. Anybody can win a fight, but when dragged into deep waters, I feel like my upbringing and the environment in which I grew up prepared me to be able to push through it more so than others.”
In preparation for this fight, Yankova, for the first time in her career, spent a full training camp at AKA Thailand, a satellite school of the world famous American Kickboxing Academy in San Jose, California. AKA is home to current UFC light heavyweight champion Daniel Cormier, former heavyweight champion Cain Velasquez and former middleweight champion Luke Rockhold, among others. Yankova would like to eventually add her own championship hardware to the always-growing AKA trophy case.
“I want to be a champion,” Yankova said. “My goal, within the sport, is to become a champion. That requires a lot of dedication. It requires a lot of training. If you want to be a champion, you focus on that single goal. Outside of just the training aspect, it also requires the ability to communicate with the media, to always be available and to be able to interact well with the fans. I understand all of that. I try to excel at all aspects of the fight game.”
The multi-talented Yankova earned a Bachelor's degree in Art with dreams of one day becoming a fashion designer. That career, along with her modeling and television work, has been put on hold as her combat sports career skyrockets. She is a talented artist and an equally talented martial artist. The irony is not lost on Yankova as she seamlessly merges the two far different worlds.
“It's the yin and the yang. It's two opposites," she said. "On one side, I'm a mixed martial artist and I train punching people in the face and train to get punched in the face myself. In the other world, I am an artist who expresses myself and how I feel through art. I don't just draw mountains. I draw my dreams. It's all about my thoughts and it's an expressionist art. One side balances the other. I have found the perfect balance between one world and the other. They do coexist.”
Only time will tell if Yankova is just a pretty face or a legitimate fighter at the highest level of the sport. What is clear today, however, is that she is an incredibly marketable fighter on numerous levels. As Bellator President Scott Coker has said on many occasions, he wants fighters that move the needle. Clearly, Yankova falls into that category. Her model looks, outgoing personality and growing skill set all point toward a bright future.
“Yes, eventually I would like to cross over into the mainstream,” Yankova said. “It's every fighter's goal to become popular and famous on some level. With the fame and popularity achieved, if nothing else, it means that whatever you are doing, you are doing it the right way.”
Yankova is already experiencing that initial taste of fame, with fans going as far as waiting in line for her to show up to the gym in the morning.
“I am starting to get a glimpse of it now,” Yankova said. “After only my second fight with Bellator, I have fans coming to AKA in San Jose, to get autographs every morning. People are sitting on chairs outside just waiting for me. People recognize me at the doctor's office. It's undeniable. I notice it. I cherish it. I think it's phenomenal. I am totally blessed. I am going to try to take advantage of it and excel in areas outside the cage.”
SINGAPORE - Two decades after self-taught Singapore film-maker K. Rajagopal took flight as an award-winning director of short films, he will finally debut his feature-length work.
A Yellow Bird has been selected to screen at International Critics' Week, a parallel section of the prestigious Cannes Film Festival, which will be held this year from May 11 to 22.
The Singapore flag is flying high at the festival. Last week, it was announced that film-maker Boo Junfeng's second feature, prison drama Apprentice, would be part of the Un Certain Regard line-up. The Un Certain Regard highlights new directors and films which are more adventurous than those in the main competition.
Rajagopal, who is in Kerala on a personal trip, tells The Straits Times in an email that while the selection committee gave him "positive comments" after viewing the film, he was still on tenterhooks while waiting for the final decision.
In A Yellow Bird, 38-year-old Siva (Sivakumar Palakrishnan) is released from prison after eight years for smuggling contraband but finds no forgiveness from his mother (Seema Biswas) and his ex-wife and daughter have left him. He later connects with a Chinese woman (Huang Lu) who is working illegally to pay off her family's debts.
Rajagopal, 51, adds that his work is for everyone: "It is a very simple film about ordinary people whom everyone will be familiar with and can easily identify with. The protagonist is a Singaporean Indian whom all of us would have met in our daily life."
The International Critics' Week showcases the first and second feature films of directors and has been the launching pad of auteurs such as Hong Kong's Wong Kar Wai, Mexico's Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu and France's Jacques Audiard.
A Yellow Bird is in competition against six other movies for the section's top Nespresso Grand Prize as well as the France 4 Visionary Award that celebrates innovative cinema.
As a first-time feature director, Rajagopal is also eligible for the Camera d'Or, which Singapore's Anthony Chen won for his family drama Ilo Ilo (2013).
He would also like A Yellow Bird to screen at this year's Singapore International Film Festival, which he says "gave me a good platform to continue making my short films".
He won the Special Jury Prize at the Singapore film festival from 1995 to 1997 for his short films I Can't Sleep Tonight, The Glare and Absence. All three were done on shoestring budgets of less than $1,000 each, and dealt with social and personal issues such as the death of a loved one and spousal abuse.
But despite the acclaim for his shorts, he says helming a feature for the first time was a "big jump" to make.
The biggest challenge he discovered was the script. "I have made my short films without a script and just went with my intuition and experimented a lot when making them, but with the feature it was risky to do that."
A Yellow Bird is a Singapore-France co-production and is supported by the New Talent Feature Grant of the Media Development Authority of Singapore. In 2014, it was also picked for Cannes' Cinefondation L'Atelier, at which directors get to pitch their projects to potential investors.
It took him three years to complete the project. He explains: "It was my first feature and for me it felt it could be my only chance to do it and I wanted to do it right. I was determined to make sure that this was the story I want to tell and it took us 10 drafts to finally realise the film."
The fine-tuning paid off. On the strength of the script, acclaimed actresses Biswas (Bandit Queen, 1994) and Huang (Blind Mountain, 2007) signed on.
Ultimately, Rajagopal hopes the Critics' Week platform will lead to more festival invitations and a wider audience. He says: "I want the film to be seen and appreciated by a wide audience and know their response to the film."
bchan@sph.com.sg
Daniel Radcliffe has opened up about giving in to one of the pitfalls of fame. In the new issue of GQ magazine, the actor reveals that while shooting "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince," he drank a lot on set.
"I became so reliant on [alcohol] to enjoy stuff," he says of making the 2009 film. "I really got away with that because there were many instances when a paparazzi shot like that could have been taken."
The Broadway star goes on to explain that he was caught up in the Hollywood lifestyle. "There were a few years there when I was just so enamored with the idea of living some sort of famous person's lifestyle that really isn't suited to me," he says before noting that he decided to get clean in 2010 while filming the final installments of the "Harry Potter" films, the last of which hits theaters July 15.
"There's no shame in enjoying a quiet life. And that's been the realization of the past few years for me," he says. "As much as I would love to be a person that goes to parties and has a couple of drinks and has a nice time, that doesn't work for me. I'd just rather sit at home and read, or go out to dinner with someone, or talk to someone I love, or talk to somebody that makes me laugh. And the "Deathly Hallows" star tells the magazine that he now has the company of that special someone. "I'm actually enjoying the fact that I can have a relationship with my girlfriend [Olive Uniacke], where I'm really pleasant and not f---ed up totally all the time."
In an interview with MTV News last year, Radcliffe talked about having young fans that look up to him, noting, "I don't look at myself as a role model. I would never place myself on that pedestal. The thing I always say and I've often said in interviews, if people want a role model, Harry Potter's a very, very good role model. He'll be fixed in that permanent lovely way, and so those are the role models you want."
Clear your mind of biases and grudges.
Now think about this — There's a 26-year-old American striker who has the same amount of United States men's national team goals as Eric Wynalda had in his entire international career. Said player is tied for 3rd on the USMNT's all-time goal scoring charts and he's still got several prime years remaining.
I bet that if you didn't already know who I was talking about you'd probably think that this player was something special. The heir apparent to Landon Donovan's goal scoring record and a pivotal player for the USMNT.
You've probably figured out by now that I'm talking about Jozy Altidore, one of the most opinion-splitting players the U.S. national team has ever produced.
Purely on paper, Jozy Altidore has had a very impressive national team career so far. However, there's a more than decent chunk of supporters who absolutely despise him.
But, why? Is it a matter of too many expectations? It's no secret that the striker position is probably the one that garners the most attention. If you score goals, they love you. If you fall on your face, you're the goat.
Altidore has surely fallen on his face several times in his time as a pro. When you think of his career, the one word that comes to mind is: inconsistency
As an 18-year-old prodigy in MLS, he broke the league record for a transfer fee (that still stands today) when Villarreal bought him for around $10 million. After scoring a goal in one of his first few appearances, his minutes began to dwindle and so began a long and bumpy career in Europe that saw him go on loan to several different clubs with very little success. A move to the Eredivisie with AZ Alkmaar was his renaissance until a second attempt at the Premier League fell flat again. His long journey across Europe finally landed him back where it all began, in MLS.
His national team career has mimicked his club career in many ways. When the rough times hit, he's a borderline liability to the national team. However, when his form is at it's best, he's capable of carrying the USMNT on his back with inspired play.
Most strikers are known for being streaky players. However, Jozy Altidore has always taken that theory to the utmost extreme. When he's good, he's the undisputed best striker the national team has to offer. Yet, he can go through spells where you wonder how he's even managed a call-up.
Nevertheless, Altidore has proven time and time again that he can prove the doubters wrong and be a star player when healthy. The repetitive injury issues are extremely frustrating for everyone involved. Both he and TFC claim to have found the underlying issue causing his hamstring malfunctions. If that's true and he can stay on the field, then there's no doubt he will be back in the national team fold.
Whatever your reasons are for disliking Jozy, the fact remains, he's still the best striker the USMNT can put on the field when fit. Maybe he didn't live up to your expectations. Maybe he never became that world-class pure striker American soccer fans have craved for years. But, it's time to start appreciating him for what he is. A damn good striker for our team.
He's returned from injury this season like a mad man, scoring four goals in his last five matches. He's been a man possessed as a target striker, holding up the ball better than anyone in the league and finishing his chances.
Here's his latest:
If he can bring that type of play with him to the national team, like he's done before in certain stretches of his career, then it's time to put aside your personal biases and unrealistic expectations and just appreciate what he can offer the USMNT. The numbers speak for themselves, he's one of our country's best ever scorers. Stop with the excuses or inane stipulations for his success.
You may still believe that the grass is greener without Altidore in the picture, but he'll inevitably come back and prove why he's gotten so many chances as the team's focal point. It's not because of some imaginary favoritism, it's because he's simply the best option the U.S. has.
Besides, if Jordan Morris says he's a beast, then who are we to argue?
Disclaimer: This post may contain affiliate links. For more info, please see my privacy policy. Affiliate links may give me a commission on the product but it is of no extra cost to you.
Happy Monday! (Disclaimer: regarding the giveaway, I am NOT being compensated in any shape or form.)
Monday – Rest
Tuesday – Rest
Wednesday – 8.4k
Thursday – 1k + crosstraining
Friday – 7k
Saturday – Rest
Sunday – 10k+
It was quite the week for me! My last exam for the semester was Wednesday! So after my exam… I went and hit the road to celebrate! I was supposed to do a 10k pace ladder but by the time I got halfway through the ladder exercise, my shins were aggravating me again so I cut it short. Better safe than sorry…
Thursday was just a little run…to the mailbox! How many times have you been walking to “run an errand” and realize you could probably get there faster running? So I ran it! Haha. Saved me 5 minutes and burned a couple calories in addition to my cross training.
Friday I was pulled off the track workout by my coach because of my shins. Bummed, I headed back out to the trails. Dirt paths seem to be the only thing that don't bother my shins.
Sunday was filled with fun!
I convinced my bestie to get off the road with me and explore a brand-new trail. It was scary but such a blast! We ran approximately 10k but climbed, hiked, slide, and jumped a total of over 2 hours! The makeshift path/bridges were what scared me the most. A few were pretty high up and I was worried about slipping/tripping and going tumbling down the cliff! It was practically like an obstacle race with all the fallen logs too!
Speaking of obstacle racing, the other day, I was contacted by Spartan Race Canada!
Spartan Race, voted Outside Magazine's Best Obstacle Race, is the world's leading obstacle racing series and the first of its kind to feature timing and global rankings. With over 130 events in 17 countries during 2014 alone, Reebok Spartan Race has made obstacle racing one of the fastest growing sports in the world…and they're in Canada!
Spartan Race has generously provided me with a free entry to give away on my blog and in addition, a 15% off discount code. Use AROO15 for 15% off!
a Rafflecopter giveaway
So how was your week?
*once again, I am not compensated in any way regarding this giveaway or discount code.
<3 Carmy
Other places to connect with me
Instagram: http://instagram.com/runcarmyrun
Twitter: https://twitter.com/runcarmyrun
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/carmyycom
Email: [email protected]
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Tumblr
Pre-Christian Rome: a bastion of philosophy and intellectual discourse couched in sparkling white marble columns and bustling fora filled with busy men and women going about their daily errands with colorful diaphanous togas fluttering about their sandal-clad ankles.
Well, not really. The grittiness — not to mention the overwhelming odor — of ancient Rome has received decent play in film lately, from "Gladiator" to "Agora." And that's just the sensory texture of the empire. The notion that the pre-Christian Roman empire (or the pre-Christian Grecophone world, for that matter) was a hotbed of high-minded and rational intellectual discourse also seems to be gaining its due elements of nuance, though "Agora" would rather you think that early Christians were primarily a misogynistic, stone-lobbing bunch of brutes.
Advertisement:
A number of people would have you think that, really, and not just about the early Church. And it's not entirely untrue. But when it comes to explaining why early Roman Christians were, in some cases, inexcusably sexist, it is useful to note that they were likely that way before they became Christians, and merely clung to the tradition afterward, sometimes with new language for old ideas.
I point this out not to defend the reputation of ancient Roman Christians, but because the Church itself is often blamed for the generation of long-standing misogynistic attitudes toward women. While the Church has had a hand in perpetuating misogyny, the task was hardly a difficult one. This is worthwhile to realize because contemporary secular discourse sometimes suggests attempts at alleviating misogyny that center around the elimination of the Church, its ethics, its doctrines, and its influence. Consider this recent Salon piece by Katie Engelhart, rightly criticizing the new atheist movement for its de-facto diminishing of its woman luminaries:
“Let Atheism have its waves, and secularism its churches. But if Atheists are going to use “church,” as a word and an organizational model, they should pay heed to the long legacy of women's oppression and torment that the Church represents. New Atheist churches should be active in their inclusivity, aggressively seeking out diversity in leadership and attending directly to issues of women's rights.”
If the Church represents a long history of torment and women's oppression, it is only because of some (likely well-intentioned) misremembering. From the apostle Paul's associate Thecla to Margaret Fell Fox to Elizabeth Cady Stanton, an impressive number of Christian women have championed women's rights both within and outside the Church. Even if we dismiss those women as anomalies, we return to the question of whose ideology they were really combating. And, though they certainly had fine reasons to oppose anti-woman doctrine and dogma within the Church, those principles did not necessarily arise from a uniquely Christian attitude.
I meditate here upon pre-Christian Roman approaches to women primarily because of the verse Engelhart selects to open her article with:
“Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience, as also saith the law. And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church.”
Advertisement:
It comes from a letter most likely composed by the apostle Paul himself, written to the members of the Church at Corinth. Though the Corinthian Church was a community or group of communities located in Greece, Paul himself is widely understood to have been a Roman citizen, educated in a variety of philosophies, including the popular school of Stoicism. As Bernadette Brooten points out in her 1996 Love Between Women: Early Christian Responses to Female Homoeroticism, Paul's promotion of a particular brand of female passivity likely originated within a widely held set of cultural beliefs about the natural differences between the sexes, emphasized in a number of pre-Christian philosophies, including Stoicism. Paul's letters, Brooten explains, arise from “a larger cultural pattern of asymmetry in sexual relations (active/passive; superordinate/subordinate).”
Needless to say, women were assigned, in those power binaries, to the lesser role. Paul had no need to inculcate a view of women as naturally passive, weak, emotional, and infantile into his readers and hearers, because centuries of philosophies predating Christianity — many of which enjoyed broad popular appeal — had already established as much. In fact, Brooten argues, Paul's willingness to promote traditionally held Roman cultural views on gender likely softened the blow of his more radical teachings, such as his advocacy of intermingling between Jews and gentiles. It is not difficult to imagine that the soft sexism perpetuated by some members of the secular movement serves a similar purpose.
None of this is to say that the anti-woman attitudes espoused in Paul's letters have not heavily influenced Christianity and by way of doing so, much of Western culture. But it is important for the cause of women's rights to acknowledge that Christianity is not the origin of all anti-woman oppression. Turning away from Christianity — or any religion, therefore — is not a panacea for the maltreatment of women. The seeds of misogyny were planted in the literatures that gave rise to the discourse of the earliest Christians; the tendency of new atheists to adopt similar exclusionary tactics with regard to woman thinkers isn't, therefore, necessarily evidence of secular thinkers acting too religiously. They may well simply be responding to elements of our culture that run deeper than religious doctrine.
Engelhart herself selects a verse to communicate the misogyny of the Church whose authority has been repeatedly disputed by Christian feminists. Consider Margaret Fell Fox, writing to her fellow Quakers shortly after the advent of the Religious Society of Friends, just as Paul wrote to the burgeoning Church of the Corinthians:
Advertisement:
“For what are we, but what we have received from God? God is all-sufficient to bring in thousands into the same spirit and light, to lead and guide them as he doth us. And let us frame and fashion ourselves unto the Apostle's doctrine and practice, who was in a glorious shining light (read I Corinthians, chapter 9, 19, ver., and so to the end).”
Remarkably, Margaret Fell Fox calls upon the same letter that Engelhart uses to evince the inherent misogyny of Christianity in order to exhort her church to welcome others in humility and friendship as equals, without judgment. And she does so as a woman. It is a pity, then, to see those interested in the promotion of women's voices legitimize so carelessly the authority of verses that have been used to silence them, despite the efforts of Christian women to destabilize the power of such texts.
But this is precisely why I whole-heartedly support Engelhart's message, though I myself am a Christian woman. The struggle for full equality between the sexes will not be achieved by the elimination of the Church; nor will it be achieved by the denigration of women's voices within secular movements. Engelhart is right to question the invisibility of women within the new atheist movement, and I hope her project is a fruitful one. Because the roots of sexism reach so deeply into our shared cultural history, they won't be uprooted by a fractured front. Misogyny begins with cultural narratives about asymmetry between the sexes that span philosophies, religions, and creeds -- and it will end only with the same level of cooperation.
With summer comes the call of the wild—particularly in British Columbia, where seemingly endless acres of scenic outback entice would-be campers. Yet the logistics of camping can be prohibitive; few urbanites have a four-wheel vehicle, let alone all the requisite gear one needs at the ready for weekend getaways. Hastings Overland, a rental service launched by Vancouverite Maxwell Webster, aims to simplify the camping experience by offering Jeep Wranglers stocked with everything from a rooftop tent, to cookery, chairs, kindling, water, hammocks, and insurance—so adventurers can skip right to the fun part of exploring the outdoors, without worrying about being unprepared.
“We're trying to create an avenue for people to access the outdoors… to allow people who may otherwise not go out to explore what B.C. has to offer,” explains Webster. “People may rent RVs but they still can't go to a lot of the places they want to.” Indeed, some of the most beautiful locations Hastings Overlands suggest clients take—spots along the west coast of Vancouver Island, north of Pemberton, and even into Washington and Oregon (the Jeeps can be driven into the United States)—cannot be accessed with anything less than an overlander vehicle.
The company can currently provide for groups of two to four (though notes that four's a bit of a squeeze). For a particularly carefree experience, groups may request some add-ons: “We can supply a guide to accompany you and stay in their own tent, and meals for a fully chauffeured overlanding trip,” says Webster. You can even set off into the wild with a pre-stocked cooler of your favourite local beer.
By minimizing the “roughing it” factor and providing the convenience of a pick-up-and-go model, Webster hopes Hastings Overland will help more people discover the West Coast wilderness. It's certainly a tempting thought: book 24-hours in advance and just like that, you could be out of the city, roasting marshmallows under the stars.
_________
Never miss a story. Sign up for NUVO's weekly newsletter.
Washington – Outgoing United States President Barack Obama has extended sanctions against Zimbabwe by at least another year, a report said on Sunday.
This came as reports on Friday indicated that Obama's administration was set to ease sanctions against Sudan and broaden now limited talks with the long estranged African government.
However, sanctions against Zimbabwe were to continue in "conformity with the Washington's national emergency policies".
The US imposed sanctions against Zimbabwe in 2000, after they accused President Robert Mugabe of trampling on human rights, rigging elections and repression of press freedom - accusations that the veteran leader denied.
The sanctions led to devastating economic challenges, with the country reportedly now sitting with about 85% unemployment.
According to New Zimbabwe, opposition parties in the southern African country welcomed the latest development, with a government minister, however describing it as "inconsequential".
Policy towards Africa
Deputy spokesperson for the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) Thabitha Khumalo applauded the move, but said that the sanctions did not have the intended impact, as Mugabe was still able to travel to the US on a regular occasions.
"It is very good move but sadly these sanctions have not had the impact that was expected by the people because our understanding was that the sanctions were a travel ban but you will find that Mugabe is all over New York," Khumalo was quoted as saying.
Another opposition spokesperson from the Tendai Biti led Peoples Democratic Party said that there was nothing wrong with the continued sanctions as Zimbabwe had not yet reformed its policies.
However, Higher Education Minister Jonathan Moyo said that the Obama administration had made no meaningful difference regarding its policy towards Africa.
He further expressed hope that the incoming Donald Trump administration would rebuild ties with Harare.
Threat to US foreign policy
Moyo was among top officials who were slapped with a travel ban due to their association with Mugabe's "brutal" regime.
In 2015, Obama reportedly extended sanctions on Zimbabwe by another year, arguing that Mugabe and his cronies continued to undermine the country's democratic processes.
At the time, a notice titled "Continuation of the national emergency with respect to Zimbabwe", Washington also claimed that Mugabe was a threat to US foreign policy.
Said Washington: "The threat constituted by the actions and policies of certain members of the government of Zimbabwe and other persons to undermine Zimbabwe's democratic processes or institutions has not been resolved".
But, the extension of the sanction was described by Africa as being "senseless and meaningless", said the report.
Congress MP Shashi Tharoor and other party leaders were detained by the police in Thiruvananthapuram for protesting against demonetisation outside the RBI office in the state capital, news agency ANI reported. The Congress in Kerala has been staging protests against the manner in which the Centre has implemented the note ban in the country.
Advertising
Tharoor, the local MP, had said earlier that the demonetisation exercise was implemented badly and in an ‘astonishingly incompetent manner.'
“The problem goes to such basic elements of planning such as not having enough currency before you spring this on the nation, when 86 per cent of your currency would become illegal in three-and-a-quarter hours. That's astonishing. Nobody in the world has done this. Secondly, even the lack of planning in something as basic as making the new notes the same size as the old so that they can fit in the ATM is mindboggling. Then you scramble to find 55,000 engineers to recalibrate 2.5 lakh ATMs. This makes the government look amateurish,” Tharoor had earlier said at the Idea Exchange session in New Delhi.
He had also criticised the government for changing goalposts frequently.
Advertising
“You announce an intention and then four days later you backtrack. It's as if they just don't know what they are doing…There has been a complete disavowal of responsibility and culpability in these failures, which is also troubling,” Tharoor had said.
BERKELEY (CBS SF) — A suspected DUI driver plowed into a dorm room at the University of California at Berkeley early Wednesday morning, causing a gas leak, according to fire officials.
A 22-year-old driver was arrested on suspicion of drunk driving and hit and run, according to UC Berkeley Police.
Berkeley fire officials responded to a report of a car into a dorm room shortly before 3 a.m. Wednesday morning at the intersection of College Ave and Channing Way.
KCBS' Holly Quan Reports:
The crash severed a natural gas line, and the six-story building was evacuated while Pacific Gas and Electric crews shut off the line.
The car hit a gas meter at 2345 College Ave and PG&E shut off the building's gas around 3:35 a.m., PG&E spokeswoman Jana Morris said.
“There will be inspections done and once completed, gas will be turned back on,” Morris said.
UC Berkeley Police Capt. Steve Roderick said the 22-year-old who left the scene after the crash called his father, who was the registered owner of the car. The father then came to the crash scene and told police his son had been driving the car at the time of the crash, according to Roderick.
The father then took his son to UC Berkeley Police headquarters where he was booked on suspicion of DUI and hit and run, said Roderick.
UC Berkeley Police said nobody was injured in the accident.
(Copyright 2012 by CBS San Francisco. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
by Brett Stevens on August 10, 2015
As conservatism comes to grip with the liberal takeover of the West, voices are starting to attack the sacred vanguard of all liberal/leftist politics, multiculturalism. An extension of egalitarianism, it functions by forcing conservatives to accept liberal rule out of fear of appearing racist by opposing it.
One of the more sedate voices, from the conservative sect known mostly for taking care of their lawns in lieu of uniting for political change, penned a critique of diversity based in its utility as a political weapon:
Modern diversity, like the ice-cream sign, has nothing to do with real diversity and everything to do with bludgeoning your foes into silence. It threatens all with having insulted fictional group caricatures, mimicking sensitivities that must be carefully cultivated or hardly exist, drawn by the intentionally blind merely as a tool for intimidation. It is crude and utterly illogical in its application, but how subtle does a pick-axe need to be? My problem was that I entered the conversation midway, long after real diversity had been crowded offstage, after the word had been tortured into something else by the left-wing, and then objected to by a right-wing that never challenged the term. Diversity is now anything but diversity; it is part of Orwellâ€™s Newspeak, wherein â€œwar is peaceâ€ and â€œfreedom is slavery.â€ Diversity is uniformity, relentlessly made the same everywhere. It is the bed of Procrustes, Greek mythologyâ€™s daemon hotelier, who chopped off the legs of guests too long for his bed and stretched those too short. He should be the patron â€œsaintâ€ of all ideologies, for whom reality never fits expectations and so bloodshed ever ensues.
While the above is completely correct, it also fails to tell the full story. As usual, liberal individualism infests the conservative, which is why people avoid individualist conservative critiques because they tend to boil down to, well, keep your lawn tidy and go to work and church and everything will be fine. If only those pesky liberals would stop bothering us.
This misses the actual point, which — hold onto your hats — is better articulated by Ta-Nehisi Coates as revealed in an attack on his most recent book:
Though Coates resurrects the old themes of black beauty and black power, blacks appear in this book as little but victims. Black agency disappears. Coates conjures even black-on-black crime as nothing other than a construct and creation of The Man (or, as Coates has it, the â€œDreamersâ€): â€œBlack on blackâ€ crime is jargon, violence to language, which vanishes the men who engineered the [restrictive property] covenants, who fixed the loans, who planned the projects, who built the streets and sold red ink by the barrel. And this should not surprise us. The plunder of black life was drilled into this country in its infancy and reinforced across its history so that plunder has become an heirloom, an intelligence, a sentience, a default setting to which, likely to the end of our days, we must invariably return. The killing fields of Chicago, of Baltimore, of Detroit, were created by the policy of Dreamers, but their weight, their shame, rests solely on those who are dying in them. There is a great deception in this. To yell â€œblack-on-black crimeâ€ is to shoot a man and then shame him for bleeding.
Coates takes the wrong approach as he veers toward the actual truth: diversity is the enemy because under diversity, someone is always on bottom. In a diverse society, in theory, we are all equals. In actuality, equality does not exist in nature, and one group either rises above or is perceived to have done so. This means that all others are subject to the whims of that group, which are cleverly disguised as mass consensus.
Further, by its nature as a “melting pot,” diversity destroys the culture of all groups involved. When you are surrounded daily by mixed culture, and your kids marry people from that mixed culture, what you are is obliterated. This will happen to black and white America alike, which is one of the many reasons why anti-diversity is not anti-black or any other group; it is opposition to diversity itself, which is a paradoxical/unworkable and fatally flawed program.
The point of opposition to diversity is not that it is a liberal weapon, nor that it is favoring one race over another. The point is that it is destructive in itself. It favors government because people without culture and heritage rely on television and government propaganda for their replacement for culture. However, it is just like many other liberal ideas simply an emotional reaction that ignores the reality of a situation.
Instead, the question upon us is one of history: what type of society thrives? The answer is simple: a homogenous one, united by culture as well as heritage and values, where government is less important. Ethnic self-rule and ethnic self-determination for all ethnic groups creates this outcome and avoids the constant social chaos of diversity. This puts the question to conservatives in a different light: do we wish our society to be heading in the direction of Finland, or toward Brazil? Diversity is the latter and its negation the former, and those who want more out of life than mere political recognition instinctively desire the end of diversity.
Tags: communism, diversity, internationalism, multiculturalism, socialism, ta-nehisi coates
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Official figures claim the margin on petrol increased again in 2016, prompting calls for an investigation.
Energy Minister Judith Collins has vowed to "get to the bottom" of rising petrol margins, signalling an announcement of an inquiry could come next week.
As official figures suggest the margins Kiwis are paying to fill up at the pump rose again in 2016, and have doubled over the past decade, the AA claims two price rises in January came despite the price petrol companies pay being flat.
The AA has called for petrol companies to explain what is going on, with areas including Wellington and much of the South Island frequently charging motorists 30c a litre more than towns such as Levin and Masterton, despite being further from where fuel is imported.
ROBERT KITCHIN/FAIRFAX NZ Energy and Resources Minister Judith Collins has vowed to "get to the bottom of" rising petrol margins.
Collins, who became Energy Minister at the end of 2016, said she had immediately asked officials at the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment (MBIE) about the issue of rising margins.
READ MORE:
* How does Gull, a minnow among fuel giants, cut prices across the board?
* BP, Z Energy lower fuel prices again
* AA calls on petrol companies to explain price discrepancies
On Tuesday Collins met with officials to discuss petrol margins and an announcement of "actions" could come next week.
"I will be taking some suggestions through to my colleagues, but I think there will be some actions announced next week," Collins said.
"I am like any other person in New Zealand concerned if these margins continue to rise when there seems little justification for it.
"I will get to the bottom of this and next week I expect to have something to announce."
As well as generally rising margins, Kiwi motorists are increasingly paying vastly different amounts depending on where they live.
While the so-called 'national price' - which is typically faced in Wellington and the South Island - is around $2.09 a litre, the upper North Island is generally cheaper, with reports motorists in Rotorua were paying as little as $1.60 a litre last week.
AA spokesman Mark Stockdale said petrol companies needed to explain a 5c a litre rise in the so-called "national price" of petrol in January, taking the price to $2.09, which he said was without justification.
"None of those increases had anything to do with a rise in the commodity price [of petrol] or the exchange rate," Stockdale said.
"It's completely disconnected from any change in the imported cost of fuel."
​Stockdale said there appeared to have been a sharp increase in regional discounting, typically in areas near where Australian fuel discounter Gull has petrol stations.
Motorists in Wellington could be being charged to make up for a lack of profitability elsewhere.
"Other parts of the country are helping fund those discounts."
The figures published by MBIE claim the weekly average importer margin on regular petrol rose from about 28 cents a litre at the start of 2016, to 30c by the end of the year.
The margins represent the difference between the cost of importing fuel and the average price motorists pay. It does not include the cost of delivering fuel to the petrol stations, or any other costs of operating a fuel company.
While MBIE revised how it measured the petrol margins in 2015 after protests from the industry, the fuel companies continue to dispute the figures, claiming they do not fully account for the amount of discounts which are offered to motorists.
"The level of off [price] board discounting...is really increasing," Z Energy spokesman Jonathan Hill said. Z Energy also supplies the Caltex petrol stations, making it by far the largest fuel supplier in New Zealand.
The figures which MBIE publishes weekly "paints a misleading picture about what margins are at this point in time," Hill said.
While he agreed the fuel industry was now making more profit than it was seven years ago "when the industry was effectively bankrupt", Z Energy's margins in 2016 were "absolutely flat" compared to 2015, Hill said.
The company would cooperate fully in any inquiry if it were to take place.
"We would participate fully in it and would in some respects would welcome it."
British-owned BP would not make any of its staff available for interview, but said in a statement that there was "significant" discounting in some parts of the country.
"[W]e will independently change our prices when and where we can to ensure competitiveness in the markets in which we operate," spokeswoman Shelley Brady said.
"Prices can differ all around the country on different days and at different times, but we cannot always undertake or sustain heavy localised discounting."
﻿
Retrieving Channel Data from YouTube in Python
Sept, 2013
Retrieving The Most Subscribed / Viewed YouTube Channels
A list of the most subscribed channels can be obtained from a channel feed in the YouTube API v2.0. Note, it was found that a couple top channels were missing from the YouTube most subscribed channel feed (bug report #3748). Below is a Python script that retrieves and parses the 100 most subscribed channels from the YouTube API:
#Written for Python v. 2.7.1, Feedparser v. 5.1.3 import feedparser
print '
--Retrieving Most Subscribed Channels--
' ftop100 = open('top100.txt','w')
for start in range(1, 101, 50):
uri = 'http://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/channelstandardfeeds/most_subscrib ed?start-index=' + str(start) + '&time=all_time&&max-results=50&v=2'
feed = feedparser.parse(uri)
for post in feed.entries:
print post.author
ftop100.write( post.author + '
' ) ftop100.close()
Changing the uri from “most_subscribed” to “most_viewed” will retrieve the most viewed YouTube channels. Similarly, adding a channel type suffix to either will retrieve top channels of a particular type (e.g. “most_subscribed_Comedians”). Currently nine channel types are permitted: Comedians, Directors, Gurus, Musicians, Non-Profit, Partners, Politicians, Reporters, Sponsors.
About
One Law for All
Campaign against Sharia law in Britain
Join our facebook page
Declaration
We, the undersigned individuals and organisations, call on the UK government to
bring an end to the use and institutionalisation of Sharia and all religious
laws and to guarantee equal citizenship rights for all.
Sharia law is discriminatory
Sharia Councils and Muslim Arbitration Tribunals are discriminatory,
particularly against women and children, and in violation of universal human
rights.
Sharia law is unfair and unjust in civil matters
Proponents argue that the implementation of Sharia is justified when limited to
civil matters, such as child custody, divorce and inheritance. In fact, it is
civil matters that are one of the main cornerstones of the subjugation of and
discrimination against women and children. Under Sharia law a woman's
testimony is worth half that of a man's; a woman's marriage contract is
between her male guardian and her husband. A man can have four wives and divorce
his wife by simple repudiation, whereas a woman must give reasons, some of which
are extremely difficult to prove. Child custody reverts to the father at a
preset age, even if the father is abusive; women who remarry lose custody of
their children; and sons are entitled to inherit twice the share of daughters.
The voluntary nature of Sharia courts is a sham
Proponents argue that those who choose to make use of Sharia courts and
tribunals do so voluntarily and that according to the Arbitration Act parties
are free to agree upon how their disputes are resolved. In reality, many of
those dealt with by Sharia courts are from the most marginalised segments of
society with little or no knowledge of their rights under British law. Many,
particularly women, are pressured into going to these courts and abiding by
their decisions. More importantly, those who fail to make use of Sharia law or
seek to opt out will be made to feel guilty and can be treated as apostates and
outcasts.
Even if completely voluntary, which is untrue, the discriminatory nature of the
courts would be sufficient reason to bring an end to their use and
implementation.
Sharia law is a quick and cheap way to injustice
Proponents argue that Sharia courts are an alternative method of dispute
resolution and curb legal aid costs. When it comes to people's rights,
however, cuts in costs and speed can only bring about serious miscarriages of
justice. Many of the laws that Sharia courts and religious tribunals aim to
avoid have been fought for over centuries in order to improve the rights of
those most in need of protection in society.
Sharia law doesn't promote minority rights and social cohesion
Proponents argue that the right to be governed by Sharia law is necessary to
defend minority rights. Having the right to religion or atheism, however, is not
the same as having the ‘right' to be governed by religious laws. This is
merely a prescription for discrimination, inequality and culturally relative
rights. Rather than defending rights, it discriminates and sets up different and
separate systems, standards and norms for ‘different' people. It reinforces
the fragmentation of society, and leaves large numbers of people, particularly
women and children, at the mercy of elders and imams. It increases
marginalisation and the further segregation of immigrant communities. It ensures
that immigrants and new arrivals remain forever minorities and never equal
citizens.
One law for all
Rights, justice, inclusion, equality and respect are for people, not beliefs. In
a civil society, people must have full citizenship rights and equality under the
law. Clearly, Sharia law contravenes fundamental human rights. In order to
safeguard the rights and freedoms of all those living in Britain, there must be
one secular law for all and no Sharia.
Petition
One Law for All
* We call on the UK government to recognise that Sharia and all religious
laws are arbitrary and discriminatory against women and children in particular.
Citizenship and human rights are non-negotiable.
* We demand an end to all Sharia courts and religious tribunals on the basis
that they work against and not for equality and human rights.
* We demand that the law be amended so that all religious tribunals are
banned from operating within and outside of the legal system.
Contact Us
Modular synth display at Modular Addict shop in Bay View
Once home to an old school hobby shop, this storefront on Kinnickinnic in Bay View now houses a new type of hobby – everything you need to build a Modular Synthesizer.
The modular synth scene in Milwaukee is growing, with meet-ups and Milwaukee Synth Fest featuring building workshops and live modular synth performances — and this new shop, Modular Addict, is a hub for the movement. The shop is named for a reason; many people who start building modular synths, can't stop adding to their collections.
We spoke with the owner John, who took his DIY synth obsession out of his basement and into a storefront and online shop, helping other builders feel a sense of community.
We also hear from Jim Schoenecker, musician and organizer of Milwaukee Synth Fest to talk about the growing community of builders and performers of mod synths.
Listen below to hear a conversation and samples of some of the sounds they are making:
Google's previously announced enhancement to the Verify Apps framework is rolling out to users now, according to the official Android blog. Your device already has the standard Verify Apps system built-in that scans at the time of installation, but the new version will be watching all the time for suspicious activity.
Verify Apps compares each app you install with known malware signatures, but there's always a possibility you are downloading a form of malware that hasn't been identified yet. An app might also install malicious code by some means after it has passed through the filter successfully. That's why Google is ramping up its scanning system. Constant monitoring ensures viruses and malware won't be able to hide on your phone or tablet.
Google says fewer than 0.18% of installs in 2013 triggered the malware scanner, so it's not too likely you're ever going to need the malware scanner, but it's nice to know it's there. The update should arrive via Google Play Services without any user interaction in the near future.
[Android Blog]
The Immigration Department has confirmed Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young was spied on during her visit to Nauru by at least one Wilson Security officer who may have had a "brain explosion".
This directly contradicts comments by Immigration Minister Peter Dutton, who said last week that the spying claims were "complete nonsense", labelling Senator Hanson-Young as an "embarrassment to this country".
Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young referred the office of former Immigration Minister Scott Morrison over the alleged release of Nauru information to a journalist. Credit:Andrew Meares
But in evidence given on Tuesday to a parliamentary inquiry into allegations of abuse at the Nauruan centre, department secretary Michael Pezzullo confirmed that at least one Wilson security staff member had trailed Senator Hanson-Young's car during her visit to Nauru in December 2013 and had since been disciplined.
The Philadelphia Eagles have made a ton of roster moves this offseason to help cover up the stink Chip Kelly left all over this organization, but on Tuesday, they made one move too many.
In a trade with the Tennessee Titans, the Eagles swapped fifth-year offensive tackle Dennis Kelly for 2015 second-round receiver Dorial Green-Beckham, marking the team's fourth trade of the 2016 offseason.
Related: Eagles acquire Dorial Green-Beckham from Titans
While Green-Beckham has been a name in the football world since being proclaimed the top-ranked prospect coming out of high school, for the Eagles he's an unnecessary risk, especially considering what they gave up in order to acquire him.
With starting right tackle Lane Johnson reportedly facing a 10-game suspension, Kelly was slotted to be an Eagles starter for the majority of their 2016 season. By no means is Kelly an elite talent, but he provides the sort of competence that could have allowed the Eagles offense to function in Johnson's absence.
Now that Kelly is gone, the only linemen with any experience at tackle are Allen Barbre and Matt Tobin, both of whom are natural guards. If Johnson's suspension holds up, or veteran left tackle Jason Peters is lost to injury, the Eagles will have an obvious weakness at tackle - which is terrible news for Sam Bradford.
Another puzzling aspect of the Eagles' acquisition of Green-Beckham is that he doesn't fill a need. Even if the front office in Philly is losing sleep over their team's subpar receiving corps, DGB's 32-catch performance as a rookie likely won't be good enough to earn a starter's spot right out of the gate.
Jordan Matthews and Nelson Agholor will both be back in the starting lineup for Week 1. Josh Huff, who was listed as the team's third receiver last season, is also back and the team signed former New York Giants pass-catcher Rueben Randle in March.
Green-Beckham's 549 yards led all Titans wide receivers last season, but his history of inconsistency and off-field issues in college doesn't bode well for having success in Philadelphia. The Eagles have been far from a model of stability in recent years. With the Titans calling it quits on their 2015 second-round pick after just one season, Green-Beckham's character is now in question.
He does carry the potential to be a dominant receiver with his 6-foot-5 height and jump-ball ability. With the Eagles trading away a bounty of draft picks for the right to pick Carson Wentz, DGB's young, sky-high potential is likely what drew interest from Howie Roseman and the front office.
For the Titans, the trade technically makes sense if they're fed up with Green-Beckham; there's no point in keeping a player if he's only going to hurt the team, regardless of draft promise. But what should be troubling for the Eagles is that the Titans were willing to take Kelly in return.
Tennessee drafted right tackle Jack Conklin eighth overall and plan to start Taylor Lewan on the left side, so Kelly will be used as a depth blocker - not what you would expect in return for a second-round pick with star potential.
Best-case scenario: Green-Beckham becomes the number one wide out he was projected to be as a 17-year-old, but the odds are stacked against him.
If the Eagles lose Johnson to suspension and Green-Beckham isn't able to find an early rhythm with Bradford, this could be the move that fans point to when another season is potentially squandered due to personnel moves.
The sheer number of beer styles that make up the craft beer scene is exciting, but it can also be intimidating -- and that's okay. With all of the different beer styles and beer names, it is tough to remember what differentiates them from one another. That is why we've created a detailed list of the types of beer that make up the craft beer world, complete with a few beer names and beer styles to help you find your favorite types of beer.
Deciphering the Different Types of Beer There are hundreds of different types of beer on the craft beer market, and it can be challenging to remember all of the different beer names and beer styles. The type of beer is determined by many different things including ingredients, region of origin and brewing method among a variety of others. Our list of beer styles, based on the Brewers Association's competition beer style guidelines, is composed of over 75 different types of beers to help you find the exact beer that you're looking for.
Beer Names Our in-depth list of beer styles is designed to help our readers learn as much as they want. Our interactive color, bitterness and alcohol scales in addition to our taste categories make finding your favorite beer easy. Our list, composed of beer names, styles, and types, makes it so that you don't have to be a beer connoisseur to know all about your favorite beers. If you remember what it tasted or looked like, our interactive tools make it easy to gather information on the beers that have caught your attention. Often folks will know the beer name, but not much else, while others know the taste or color and not the beer name. Either way, our tools will make sense of these things and get you back in touch with the beers you enjoy, or even help you branch out to new styles.
Navigating Beer Styles With so many types of beer to explore, we know diving into the world of craft beer might be a little intimidating at first. But finding your way through the ever-growing number of beer styles has never been easier than it is with our interactive guide. You'll learn about a style's average ABV and IBU range as well as suggested beer and food pairings. Whether you're exploring beer styles with little to no knowledge beforehand, or you're well versed and looking for a refresher on all the beer styles out there, CraftBeer.com wants to help you find the information that you are looking for.
Introduction
This was a complex multistate outbreak investigation of listeriosis cases occurring over several years. Public health investigators used the PulseNet system to identify illnesses that were part of this outbreak. PulseNet is the national subtyping network of public health and food regulatory agency laboratories coordinated by CDC. DNA “fingerprinting” is performed on Listeria bacteria isolated from ill people using techniques called pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE) and whole genome sequencing (WGS). WGS gives a more detailed DNA fingerprint than PFGE. PulseNet manages a national database of these DNA fingerprints to identify possible outbreaks of enteric illness. Several PFGE patterns (strains) of Listeria were involved in this outbreak.
A total of 10 people infected with several strains of Listeria were reported from 4 states: Arizona (1), Kansas (5), Oklahoma (1), and Texas (3). Illness onset dates ranged from January 2010 through January 2015. The people with illness onsets during 2010–2014 were identified through a retrospective review of the PulseNet database for DNA fingerprints matching isolates collected from Blue Bell ice cream samples. All 10 (100%) people were hospitalized. Three deaths were reported from Kansas.
Investigation of the Outbreak
February 2015
In February 2015, the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control isolated Listeria as part of routine sampling from Blue Bell brand single-serving ice cream products collected from a distribution center: Chocolate Chip Country Cookie Sandwiches and Great Divide Bars. In response to the findings in South Carolina, the Texas Department of State Health Services collected product samples from the Blue Bell Creameries production facility in Brenham, Texas, that made these products. Testing by Texas health officials yielded Listeria isolates from some samples of the same two products tested by South Carolina and from another Blue Bell ice cream product called “Scoops.” This product was made on the same production line as the Chocolate Chip Country Cookie Sandwiches and Great Divide Bars. PFGE was performed on the Listeria isolated from the ice cream samples; seven different PFGE patterns were identified and uploaded to PulseNet.
March 2015
In March 2015, Kansas health officials identified two people from the same hospital who were infected with Listeria bacteria that had the same PFGE pattern. Three additional listeriosis cases with three other PFGE patterns had previously been identified from the same hospital. All five people were hospitalized for unrelated problems before developing invasive listeriosis — a finding that strongly suggested their infections were acquired in the hospital. Listeria isolates from four of the five people had PFGE patterns that were also identified in ice cream tested by South Carolina and Texas. Although some of the illnesses occurred more than a year before this investigation began, all four people with available information consumed milkshakes made with the “Scoops” Blue Bell ice cream product while they were in the hospital. Isolates from four of these people were highly related to each other by whole genome sequencing. Listeria isolated from the fifth person was not related to isolate from the other four ill people. In addition, the PFGE pattern was not identified in any ice cream samples. However, this person was part of a recognized illness cluster at the hospital and consumed milkshakes made with “Scoops” while hospitalized. As a result, this person was included as a case in the outbreak. Illness onset dates for the five people ranged from January 2014 through January 2015. Three of these people died as a result of their Listeria infection.
On March 13, 2015, Blue Bell Creameries reported removing the “Scoops” ice cream product and other products made on the same production line from the market. The company also reported that it had shut down that production line at its Brenham, Texas, facility.
On March 22, 2015, the Kansas Department of Health and Environment (KDHE) reported that Listeria was isolated from a previously unopened, single-serving Blue Bell brand 3 oz. institutional/food service chocolate ice cream cupExternal collected from the Kansas hospital involved in the outbreak. Samples of Blue Bell brand 3 oz. institutional/food service chocolate ice cream cups collected from the company's Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, facilityExternal also yielded Listeria. Listeria isolated from ice cream cup samples were indistinguishable from each other by PFGE, but were different from those isolated from people in Kansas and from other Blue Bell brand ice cream products previously sampled in Texas and South Carolina. On March 23, 2015, Blue Bell announced a recallExternal of 3 oz. institutional/food service ice cream cups (with tab lids) of several flavors produced at the company's Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, facilityExternal .
April 2015
On April 3, 2015, CDC reported that illnesses might be linked to ice cream made in Blue Bell Creameries' Oklahoma facility, but lacked sufficient information to include them as cases in the outbreak at the time. These illnesses were identified when investigators searched the PulseNet database and identified 6 people from Arizona (1), Oklahoma (1), and Texas (4) with listeriosis between 2010 and 2014 who had Listeria isolates with PFGE patterns indistinguishable from isolates from the chocolate ice cream cups made in the Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, facility. The four people reported from Texas were hospitalized for unrelated problems before developing listeriosis. Information available for one person indicated that they consumed ice cream in a Texas hospital before developing listeriosis; the Texas Department of State Health Services reported that the hospital had received Blue Bell brand ice cream cups. None of the four people in Texas died from Listeria infection. At this point in the investigation, CDC recommended that consumers not eat and institutions and retailers not serve any products made at the company's Oklahoma facility, in addition to any previously recalled or withdrawn products. That day, Blue Bell Creameries reported that they had voluntarily suspended operations at their facility in Oklahoma.
On April 8, 2015, CDC reported that whole genome sequencing confirmed that three of the four isolates from people in Texas were nearly identical to Listeria strains isolated from ice cream produced at Blue Bell Creameries' Oklahoma facility. These three people were added to the case count for the outbreak, bringing the total to 8. The fourth isolate was later determined not to be part of the outbreak by whole genome sequencing and this illness was not added to the case count.
On April 20, 2015, Blue Bell Creameries voluntarily recalledExternal all products currently on the market made at all of its facilities, including ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet, and frozen snacks.Blue Bell announced this recall after sampling by the company revealed that Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream half gallons produced on March 17, 2015, and March 27, 2015, contained Listeria.
On April 21, CDC reported that whole genome sequencing confirmed that the people from Arizona (1) and Oklahoma (1) were part of the outbreak, bringing the total case count to 10.
May 2015
On May 7, 2015, FDA released the findings from recent inspections at the Blue Bell production facilities in Brenham, Texas Cdc-pdf [PDF – 4 pages]External ; Broken Arrow, Oklahoma Cdc-pdf [PDF – 11 pages]External ; and Sylacauga, Alabama Cdc-pdf [PDF – 5 pages]External .
This outbreak investigation is over. However, people could continue to get sick because recalled products may still be in people's freezers and consumers unaware of the recalls could eat them. Institutions should not serve and retailers should not sell recalled products. These products are frozen, so consumers, institutions, and retailers should check their freezers. Read the Advice to Consumers, Institutions, and Retailers.
Taking Ionide Out for a Spin
This post is part of the F# Advent Calendar in English 2015. Be sure to check out the other posts!
Ionide is a set of plugins that allow cross-platform F# development within the Atom and Visual Studio Code text editors. The project was started by Krzysztof Cieślak earlier this year and has grown to a handful of contributors since. Development of the plugin is done in F# and transpiled to JavaScript using FunScript. The project is young but shows lots of promise.
In this post, I'll take Ionide out for a spin using the Atom editor. I'll walk through the installation/configuration process and use a comically short F# script to examine some features. Although the platform used here is macOS, you should be able to follow along in Windows or Linux with few changes.
Prerequisites
Make sure you already have F# installed. If you need help, go to http://fsharp.org, click the “Use” link at the top of the page, then select your platform and follow the instructions there.
Install Atom
Installation of Atom is easy: head to the Atom Home Page and click the Download button. The button's text should display your autodetected platform:
In my case, this means doing the Mac download-unzip-copy-application dance. If you get stuck, consult the “Installing Atom” section in th Atom Flight Manual. Once you have Atom installed, run it and you should see this screen:
We can install the Ionide packages by clicking the “Install a Package” button or by opening the Settings pane with command-, (comma). If you're running out of room, close the other tabs. Click the “+ Install” button on the left side of the Settings pane. Under “Install Packages”, in the search field, type “ionide” and press enter:
This should provide you with a list of Ionide-related packages. Find the one called “ionide-installer” (it was listed first in my search results) and click its Install button. You'll be presented with this popup detailing the packages being installed:
Note: this popup sat unchanged for a long time on my installation. After several minutes, the progress bar started to move, and eventually I was presented with this popup:
Once all the Ionide dependencies are installed, we need to make some configuration changes.
With the Settings pane open, click on the Packages navigation button on the left side of the pane. Scroll down the list of installed packages on the right until you see “ionide-fsharp” and click on its panel (anywhere that's not a link to something else). Sometimes there will be an explicit “Settings” button in the pane. This should bring up the ionide-fsharp package-specific settings. Scroll down until you see “Mono Path”. Make sure it is set to the directory the mono executable is located in on your system. I had to set this to /usr/local/bin :
Once this is set, go back to the installed packages list (scroll back to the top and select Packages) and set the Mono Path for the ionide-paket package. Although we won't be using Paket in this post, setting this will save you a headache later if the default isn't correct.
And that's it. Just to be safe, close Atom. With that, we are all set to start writing F# applications.
A Simple Script
I haven't yet wrapped my head around how Atom projects and directories work with F# Projects and Solutions (although opening existing Projects and Solutions “just works”), so we'll start with a small F# script. To get going with something simple, create a project directory, then use atom to open a new file:
mkdir -p ~/Documents/projects/ionide cd ~/Documents/projects/ionide atom hello.fsx
You should be presented with a tab having the title “hello.fsx” and an empty file buffer ready to start typing in. Type the following into the buffer:
let add x y = x + y printfn "%i" (add 3 5)
Since the file being opened/created had the .fsx extension, Ionide should have been active and you should have already noticed several features.
Basic Feature Tour
The first thing to notice is that Ionide has colored the syntax. To change the colors being used, open Settings, then click on “Themes” where you can change Atom's UI Theme as well as the Syntax Theme. New themes can be installed under the Installation navigation button in the Settings pane.
Autocompletion
In line 3 if you start to type “ad”, Ionide will suggest the add function. If you type tab or enter, it will autocomplete the function name for you. Typing escape will close the suggestion list. If you accidentally close the suggestion list, you can force it to open by typing control+space. Autocompletion works for namespaces, fields, classes, functions, values, etc.
Error Highlighting
The linter will execute as you type, warning you of errors. Notice here how Ionide caught an int value trying to be used with the “%s” string format placeholder. Not bad!
A few things will happen if your code has errors:
A red dot will appear at the beginning of a line containing an error.
Code causing the error will be underlined with a red, dashed line.
If your cursor is on the error, a popup will display noting what the error is.
Errors are also displayed in the bottom of the Atom window, noting the line and column of the error in bold. Clicking on the bolded line and column position in the error will place your cursor at the error site.
If Ionide doesn't detect any errors with the file, a green checkbox along with the text “No Issues” will display in the status bar at the bottom of the Atom window.
Tooltips
Hovering over different code tokens will bring up tooltips that describe function type signatures, value types, etc. Try hovering over these different values: add, x, y, +, and printfn.
Highlighting Usages
You can find everywhere a value is being used by clicking on it. Ionide will draw a colored box around the value you clicked on as well as anywhere else in the buffer with the same matching color.
You can also right-click on a value and select “Go to Declaration” and Ionide will move the cursor to the value's declaration location.
Integration with F# Interactive
Ionide also has some FSI support. If you open the Command Palette (command+shift+p), then type “fsi”, you'll see several F# Interactive commands:
The first item is “FSI: Open”. If you press enter with this item selected, an F# Interactive pane will open to the right of the buffer:
The FSI pane is read-only. Although you can't type directly into the FSI pane, you can send expressions to it in various ways. If you put focus back on the script buffer, then command-shift-p, type “fsi”, then select “FSI: Send File”, Ionide will send the contents of the whole script over to FSI which will then evaluate it:
You can also send selected text or a line.
Just Scratching the Surface
This post was a very brief introduction. Ionide has a lot more to offer:
Yeoman F# integration for solution/project scaffolding.
FAKE integration for building/deploying projects.
Paket support.
Fantomas integration for code formatting.
ionide-webview for previewing web apps without leaving the editor.
Notes
Ionide is still new and growing. Sometimes things break. If the editor should get stuck, errors won't go away even after you seemingly fixed them, or Atom panes don't resize correctly when opening/closing them, try doing a View > Reload. This usually fixes problems I've encountered.
Despite a few rough edges and limited documentation, Ionide is already pretty impressive. It's under active development by a leader who listens to the community and responds to issues. It's a welcome addition, especially for those on the Mac or Linux platforms that want to be a part of the F# experience. And it's only going to get better.
Honda's Growth Helps Tow Ohio Out Of Recession
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mike Munden/AP Mike Munden/AP
Honda is moving its North American headquarters from California to Ohio. That's just the latest bit of good news for the Buckeye State and Honda, whose fortunes have been closely tied for decades now.
Honda has been an economic heavyweight here since it was lured to central Ohio in the 1970s. The company's footprint is big, and it continues to increase.
Honda's sprawling Marysville Auto Plant opened outside Columbus in 1982. Since then, it has grown to nearly 4 million square feet and now sits on a campus of 8,000 acres.
More than 4,000 employees build 1,900 vehicles here every day, including Honda Accords and several Acura models, and the company is adding 100,000 square feet to the plant to build a new hybrid.
That means more work for nearby engine and transmission plants, and for the more than 150 Ohio companies that sell parts to Honda.
A Broad Impact
Company spokesman Ron Lietzke says with Honda's Ohio operations in a continuing growth spurt, it makes sense to move the headquarters here.
"It will increase the speed of making decisions, it'll increase the speed of introducing new models, and it will improve our communications activities throughout the organization in North America," he says.
With more cars being built here and expanding global markets, Honda of America expects to soon become a net exporter of vehicles for the first time, sending cars to Asia and the Middle East. And as Honda goes, so goes much of the rest of central Ohio's economic development.
A Boon To Housing
Enlarge this image toggle caption Greg Sailor/AP Greg Sailor/AP
Brothers Adam and Justin McMahon have helped run a family roofing business since high school. When business took a hit during the recession, they decided to try to take advantage of the housing crisis.
They started buying up rundown houses in foreclosure, then renovated them and flipped them for a profit. It's been so lucrative that Adam McMahon is considering doing it full time.
"It's a lot easier. It'd be nice — I think there's more money in it," he says, "so we started buying houses through the winter, and that gives us our profit for that year."
And there's plenty of profit to be had. The latest report shows statewide home sales up 10 percent over last year — up 20 percent in the Columbus region. The auto industry is also picking up in Cleveland, Toledo and other parts of the state.
Attracting More Employers
The state's unemployment rate is about 1 percentage point below the national average, and incomes in Ohio are rising faster than in all but two other states. Higher land and commodity prices have also helped agriculture, Ohio's largest industry.
Michael Brandl, an economist at The Ohio State University, says Ohio is becoming increasingly attractive for both workers and employers.
"Ohio has a great advantage over some other places where people are thinking of locating, in terms of sound infrastructure, relatively low cost of living, a decent educated workforce," he says. "You can see why lots of firms are thinking about and relocating here, as well as starting here."
Brandl says those startups should help diversify the economy here even more and ensure that Ohio continues to outperform other states clawing their way back from the recession.
California blue whale. Credit: WPPilot
Recently, there has been such an intimidating deluge of bad news about the oceans that it's sometimes overwhelming to digest it all. But as much as human activity has offset ocean equilibrium, we are also getting the hang of reversing some of the damage.
Last September, for example, a team led by fisheries scientist Cole Monnahan discovered that California blue whales had bounced back to about 97 percent of their pre-whaling population. The population may have been as low as 500 after being devastated by whalers over the last century, but Monnahan's team estimated about 2,200 roam the east Pacific today.
The study, published in Marine Mammal Science, was a welcome success story in a literal sea of worrisome news about ocean life. Could the California blue whale be the poster child for marine mammal recovery in general?
Blue whale fluke. Image: Mike Baird
I asked Monnahan that question over Skype, and his answer was essentially yes and no. He said that while the rebound of the California blue whale is great news, the global story of blue whale recovery is much more complicated.
For one thing, "whales are hard to study," Monnahan told me. "We only know as much as we do about the California blue whale population because they feed 20 or 30 miles off of Los Angeles. It's rare to be able to do an assessment of a population. They are big animals, but it's a big ocean."
To that point, California blue whales are just one of many blue whale populations in the global seas (Monnahan defines "population," as any group of whales that breeds together). Antarctic blue whales live in very remote and unpeopled regions, so it's a lot harder to study their recovery, especially since they were much harder hit by whaling than the California population.
"There's roughly the same number of whales in the southern hemisphere around Antarctica as there are in the eastern Pacific [off California]," Monnahan told me. "But up here they are almost back to 100 percent of their carrying capacity."
"Down there, they are at, I think, just one or two percent," he said. "We're talking decades and decades before they get back up to carrying capacity, which is thought to be 200,000 to 300,000 whales."
All that said, the fact that any blue whale population has been able to recover is worthy of celebration, considering how recently this species—the largest ever to have roamed the Earth—was utterly decimated by the whale trade.
"We didn't start hunting blue whales in a commercial sense until 1905 in the north Pacific," Monnahan told me. "They were too big and fast, and they would sink if you killed them."
Blue whale. Image: NOAA
"Then the technology advanced," he continued. "They had faster boats, and they came up with a harpoon that would—it's kind of gruesome—go into the body cavity and explode, and pump up the whale like a balloon so it would float."
These kinds of grotesque tools and techniques were par for the course for whalers, Monnahan told me. "I spent a year digging through historical whaling records and it was absolutely disgusting," he said.
Blue whales were finally protected under a 1966 international whaling ban, followed by the 1972 Marine Mammal Protection Act. The MMPA criminalized whaling, and made scientific research into marine mammal recovery mandatory. "We study them extensively in the United States because by law we have to," Monnahan told me.
Along those lines, Monnahan and other researchers will continue to be vigilant in studying blue whales—and other marine mammals—to prevent them from facing extinction again.
"Conservation is really important," he told me. "It's a matter of what we care about as world citizens. The oceans are dynamic and change a lot, and it is very important to keep monitoring this population and updating as time goes on, to make sure that they don't start to decline again."
"We didn't know what to expect [with the 2014 study] but we were proud of it," he added. "It gives people some hope. We did some really bad things, but if we just give them a chance and some space, and don't bother them, then at least some populations can bounce back."
"That makes me personally feel good about the future," Monnahan said. "If we can do the right thing now, the ocean could be at a better state in the future."
Hell or Salt Water is a series on Motherboard about exploring and preserving our oceans. Follow along here.
Terry Firma
The Kansas City Star describes Clara Jean Rector as “a sweet, small-town mom of three, churchgoer and author of a Christian blog complete with testimonials, prayer requests, and photos of sunsets.”
Ms. Rector's blog is called Pray Read Live and includes earnest instructions on “How To Live As a Christian.”
The blog doesn't offer any particular wisdom on stalking or murder, as far as I could tell, but those are the charges Rector now faces.
In reverse chronological order:
Late last month, Jerry Sousley, pastor of the Camdenton Bible Baptist Church [in Missouri], contacted the Camden County sheriff's office, alleging that Clara Rector had been stalking him and sending him messages “regarding inappropriate matters of a sexual nature,” according to court documents. When Sousley rebuffed her advancements, the messages escalated, some even showing up on the windshield of his car, the court documents allege. Sousley also found a notebook at the church in which Rector had allegedly written an account of a fictitious sexual relationship between her and the preacher.
During the stalking investigation, Rector unexpectedly blurted out that she'd butchered a man named Tommy Hope nine years earlier. She was a “person of interest” in the murder case after it became clear that she and Hope had been lovers and that he'd supplied her with drugs. But the detectives couldn't make their suspicions stick, and the Hope case went cold. Until now.
During recent questioning, Rector said she left her house in the middle of the night of April 24, 2004, to go to Hope's residence to buy drugs. When he told her he didn't have any, she grabbed a butcher knife from the kitchen, “jumped on his back and cut his throat,” documents say. “I was high and not thinking,” she told detectives.
On the other hand, she could really wash the fuck out of dirty windows.
“She's a great mother, a hard worker, and she's always cleaned my windows and taken care of my garden,” said Gerry Rector, the longtime principal at Camdenton Bible Baptist School.
So there's that.
A Personal Exploration and Beat Baedeker by Andrew Burnett "...all the city was to become my playground..."
Neal Cassady, The First Third "Neal is a colossus risen to Destroy Denver!"
Jack Kerouac to Allen Ginsberg, As Ever "who journeyed to Denver, who died in Denver, who came back to Denver & waited in vain, who watched over Denver & brooded & loned in Denver and finally went away to find out the Time, & now Denver is lonesome for her heroes."
Allen Ginsberg, Howl. If you're visiting Denver, or if you just wish you were, try one of these tours: The Bona Fide Beat Train The Beat Beatific Shuttle The Beat Automobile Tour
This last two-block stretch of semi-decrepit Larimer will probably be gone by the winter of '97 -- young architects are already living on the second floors of boarded-up buildings while they supervise ground-level renovation projects below. The brand-new baseball stadium is half a block away (Cassady would have loved this, though); young hipsters gather every Wednesday night at Herb's Hideout to do their retro lounge gig with big-city martinis; and even La Popular, the bakery that fills Larimer with the smell of pan dulce at dawn, is about to move over to Lawrence -- the rents are going up; the old owners are getting the hell out and making major bucks in the process. If you read this as your last chance to see Denver as Cassady even remotely saw it, you're right: it's your last chance. That only a year or two remains of this isn't good or bad, but semi-holy moments here are dwindling: one night in seven the owner of the almost-abandoned Western Hotel accidentally leaves the neon sign on at 21st and Larimer and the blurry old blue-orange of Western matches the blue-orange of the morning sky. And again, there's really no accounting for how good the fresh Mexican sweet bread smells on a dark winter morning -- if the wind's just right, it wraps all the way around you while you're still three blocks away.
Denver isn't much but it'll do. It's a fact that American cities are increasingly homogeneous: shopping malls horrify in the same way in Newark as they do in Phoenix; inner cities are run down and then gentrified in the same ways everywhere. If a Beat site remains in Denver it's only because it was ignored from the end of World War II into the nineties: over fifty years of being so useless that no one even cared to tear it down. And for the most part if there's any change at all in a Denver Beat site, it's because the building was so worthless and damaged that it was worth more flattened than intact.
It's hard to write about Denver and the Beats without persisting in a little city-wide anti-karmic self-justification. New York and San Francisco are true, hardcore beat sites -- anything about Denver is going to sound as if somebody, somewhere is protesting just a little too much about a provincial capital with only peripheral links to Beat authors.
It's hard, too, to write about Neal Cassady. He-man mercenary, neo-Proustian speed freak, devil incarnate, lost angel, part hipster, part huckster, half lost, half found, he's not an easy fit for the sort of molto-pc puritan categories that our very proper fin de siecle comes up with. Some of what he did and said was beautiful; and some of it was repellent. Anyone conned by Neal Cassady has one story to tell; anyone who truly loved him tells another. Only Carolyn Cassady and Allen Ginsberg among all the commentators have brought together Neal's two halves to create something resembling a clear picture (Everyone else loves him or hates him unduly -- resulting in a cartoonish Cassady representing either beatitude or evil-doing). It's clear enough that love for Neal -- loving him in spite of himself as only a life-partner could -- is the quality that both his widow and Ginsberg share. And even then, Carolyn Cassady's "Off the Road" is the best document we have at present for grasping at the life of the man.
He's our Rimbaud without the luck Rimbaud had -- and R. didn't have too much. He's an American R. behind the wheel of one of our century's automobiles going way too fast down one of our streets. Close to a crew-cut, handsome as hell, jeans and a t-shirt, he's got our drugs, our music, our idiom and our books. If he's a monster, he's a monster of our making; if he's a new type of earthly saint, well then we've done this, too. There are moments near the end when Cassady himself describes nothing but blankness (man, does this remind me of Rimbaud in Abyssinia -- isn't it appropriate that the American Rimbaud's Abyssinia was Los Gatos, California, working on the railroad and recapping tires?). Listen to Cassady speed rap on one of the Acid Test tapes from '65 and all you hear is the void -- but it's an American void, and anyone with a brain and an ounce of lostness knows the void as theirs. He was Kerouac's hero but he's our anti-hero: you can't be a hero and have as much trouble with the planet as he did.
Money, shoes, pants, knowledge, whatever: it's a fair bet that if Cassady approached you on the street near the end of the millennium, he'd charm or con something off you in a heartbeat. (Don't we all attempt to do this in one way or another? At one level or another?) Since Cassady lived so thoroughly in his now, he was at the center of the universe (or his part of it) all the time -- and it's my guess that those who knew him and loved him were seduced by how vivid he was; how vivid his now was. Larimer (or Van Ness, or 116th Street) with Cassady was probably a pretty damned vivid, live and exciting place.
Cassady's universal poor-boy boyhood occurred in downtown Denver within a four-mile circle. Cassady's boyhood could have occurred anywhere, I think, but it happens that Denver produced him. There's a mystique because of this: there's a web site in Pasadena for a group of twentysomething friends who decided to take a spring break road trip to Denver last spring. Their schedule left them with maybe six waking hours here but still they wanted to make the trip. Buried in their hypertext links was a reference to "On The Road," and it was clear that this book was the source of their desire to see Denver. It's my guess that, via Kerouac, thousands of readers have felt the urge to explore Denver as Sal Paradise did; and search for Dean Moriarty as Sal did.
Literary Kicks curator Levi Asher talked about a mystique, too, in his original Denver page ("I've never been to Denver, but I'm dying to go. I'd get drunk on Tokay at a Larimer Street dive, and then go street-crawling in search of Dean Moriarty's forever-lost father."), and he encouraged this informal exploration after my e-mail thanked him for his work, especially his half page of Denver-centered dreams. Anyone growing up in provincial, suburban America would understand this: you grow up on the periphery dreaming of life elsewhere -- life at the center of things -- and decades later you end up a little bit in love with the streets where all the dream-manufacturing took place. Nowheresville. This is where everybody grows up; this is where everybody flees from. Denver is nowheresville. Kerouac had Lowell; Ginsberg had Patterson; Cassady had Denver. I know the feeling: Denver's mine whether I want it or not.
Growing up in Denver, I always enjoyed having little secret Beat bits of knowledge to myself: ten years ago I'd eat lunch leaning against the Water Department building in Civic Center knowing that this was the Carnegie public library when Neal Cassady was jailbait pure and simple, in and out of juvy hall-- devouring Kant and Schopenhauer when he wasn't stealing cars and attempting to put the nth line over on the nth girl. This library was secondary in importance, though, to the little library inside Ebert Elementary at the corner of Park Avenue West (a downright fabulous name for run-down 23rd Street) and Glenarm. This was where Cassady's boyhood was transformed by an obsession with Dumas' The Count of Monte Cristo. This was library number one for me, too, because my mother went to kindergarten and first grade here (just as Cassady had ten years earlier) in '45 and '46. As a guilt-ridden, past-haunted newsroom manager, I'd volunteered at the after-school program at Ebert for my mother's memory long before I ever knew that Cassady had been a book-devouring child in the same Cristo-filled library. The demographics of this neighborhood haven't changed in fifty years: I realized that I was reading stories to modern little manic, multi-colored, post-Ritalin Neals, pinching and kicking their way to enlightenment.
Just so you get an idea of the linkages: I couldn't for a moment pretend that these weren't personal links to Cassady; or personal links to Denver. This is compounded by my boyhood here, my periodic jailbaitness, the recognition of my own huckster quotient, and my father's frail, lifelong barberness. There's nothing I can do about either; neither could Neal.
Okay, and one more level of connection: Cassady grew up in Denver's Curtis Park neighborhood, and a year and a half ago, at a down-and-out moment, I was charmed by the neighborhood's down-and-outness, and I found myself iving in a funky mustard yellow Victorian stucco mansion built in 1884 (Rimbaud was running guns in Abyssinia; Emily Dickenson was holed up in her upstairs room in Amherst; Henry James was writing letters from London; Kafka was a baby), one empty lot away from the northwestern corner of 26th and Champa. I found my old 1971 copy of the slimmer, less-complete City Lights edition of The First Third (what other publishing house would touch it? Bless you, Larry Ferlinghetti) and was blown away to discover that page after page of Cassady's autobiography dealt with this very block. Between loving Denver and Cassady in spite of myself, this exploration has been the perfect mini-adventure for a dry western winter.
The Beats themselves, Ann Charters, Gerald Nicosia and other consummate Beat biographers and researchers have already nailed down the traditional linear history of the Beats, so perhaps a non-linear mini-Michelin guide to Denver's beat sites might complement their important work.
The best work of all about Denver and the Beats are the central texts: Cassady's "The First Third," Kerouac's "On the Road" and "Visions of Cody," Ginsberg's "The Great Rememberer." Buy them, come to Denver, walk these streets, get at American ghosts.
Literary Kicks
Neal's Denver Contributed by Andrew Burnett
Image copyright AP
It sounds more far-fetched than anything a film-maker could invent - the story of how a director and a leading actress were kidnapped by North Korea and forced to make films for the state's movie-mad leader, Kim Jong-il.
It seemed like a simple solution - North Korea needed skills. Other countries had those skills - so why not just just kidnap the skilled workers?
In some cases, very skilled workers. In 1977, a top South Korean pianist was hired by a mysterious patron to give a private performance in an isolated villa outside Zagreb.
But he'd grown suspicious, spotting a North Korean aircraft at the airport and then hearing North Korean accents as he approached the house. He fled and escaped.
But South Korea's most celebrated film director and his film-star wife were not so lucky. Shin Sang-ok and Choi Eun-hee were both snatched in Hong Kong. A similar ruse was used to that tried with the pianist - the lure of meeting in a remote house. The couple spent eight years in North Korea making films there before finally escaping.
The kidnap plot was hatched by Kim Jong-il who, before he succeeded his father as the country's leader, was in charge of its film industry. He was a great film buff, an avid watcher of Hollywood movies - in particular, the first Rambo movie, anything with Elizabeth Taylor and the James Bond films which may have fed his appetite for covert operations.
North Korean diplomats in Western countries were instructed to secure copies of blockbusters for him to watch in Pyongyang.
Image copyright AP Image caption Shin Sang-ok and Choi Eun-hee in 1989 after their escape from North Korea
But Kim Jong-il wanted something more. He was desperate for the North Korean movie industry to compete on the international stage. He wanted to be the producer of films that won trophies at the world's great cinema festivals.
She remembered feeling someone carrying her up a gangway, someone giving her an injection, then oblivion swallowed her A Kim Jong-il Production
The answer was obvious - at least to him: kidnap South Korea's most famous film-making couple and compel them to create movies to wow the world. It was a modus operandi straight out of the 007 manual from the Bond movies that Kim Jong-il loved.
The actress Choi Eun-hee was snatched first. In 1977, her career in decline, she was approached by someone posing as a Hong Kong businessman with a proposal to form a film-making company which would revive her fortunes - monetary if not on-screen. The kind of money movie people dream of would be available and she would be reborn as an actress-turned-director.
According to a new book, A Kim Jong-il Production, she was persuaded to go to Hong Kong and then on to a meeting on one of the islands. On the way, the car stopped on Repulse Bay and she and the accompanying agent of the North Korean state (for so it proved to be) got out. There was a group of men near a motorboat and Choi Eun-hee was grabbed and sedated.
As the book puts it: "She drifted in and out of darkness. She remembered feeling someone carrying her up a gangway, someone giving her an injection, then oblivion swallowed her back up. When she finally woke, she was aboard a freighter in the captain's cabin. A large ceremonial portrait of Kim Il-sung smiled down at her."
Eight days later she was in Pyongyang in a luxurious villa that was constantly guarded. Despite being divorced, Shin Sang-ok and his ex-wife had remained close and he went to Hong Kong to look for her. He too was abducted. "Someone suddenly pulled a sack over my head and I couldn't see anything or breathe properly," he said later.
Image copyright AP Image caption The North Korean cult classic Pulgasari - about a monster with socialist leanings
At times the two were held separately and Shin Sang-ok spent four years in prison when he resisted pressure to co-operate. The two were reunited when he finally relented.
Later, some argued that their stories didn't add up and that they had defected when their careers in the south declined. But Paul Fischer, the author of A Kim Jong-il Production, says he is convinced they resisted and then, once broken, became reluctant collaborators with the regime in Pyongyang.
"It took five years in North Korea to get them to the point where they started working and by that time film-making was a lifeline for them. They both found Kim Jong-il to be a fairly knowledgeable film producer. Shin Sang-ok, the South Korean film-maker, when he sat down and had production meetings with him would find someone who was able to talk to him about a variety of films," he says.
They worked together and produced a series of films for North Korea. Perhaps the most notable was one that became something of a cult classic - a socialist monster movie, Pulgasari, in which the monster sides with peasants against a feudal landlord.
Kim Jong-il on movies
Image copyright Getty Images
"A film with an untidy plot cannot grip the audience and define their emotional response"
"No production of high ideological and artistic value can evolve out of a creative group whose members are not united ideologically and in which discipline and order have not been established"
After eight years the couple tricked Kim Jong-il. They won his trust and were allowed to travel to Vienna where they fled. They sought sanctuary in the United States embassy and were debriefed by the CIA.
He died in 2006 and she still lives in Seoul. Though they asserted that they were captives, they still used to apologise to Kim Jong-il for having deceived him - perhaps a type of Stockholm Syndrome where the captive identifies with the captor.
North Korea denied the two were abducted saying they had sought sanctuary there. They had one important piece of evidence in their favour though - a recording they made secretly of Kim Jong-il.
And North Korea has admitted abducting some Japanese citizens - Tokyo and Pyongyang held talks over the matter last year.
North Korea acknowledged that it kidnapped 13 people in the 70s and 80s. Five of them were returned to Japan in 2002 but Pyongyang says the other eight died, though Japan doesn't believe this.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Choi Eun-hee photographed in 2009
Prof Andre Lankov of Kookmin University in South Korea reckons that nearly 500 South Koreans have been abducted. "The vast majority of them are fishermen who were imprudent to come too close to the North Korean coast but this figure also includes a number of known victims of covert operations," he says.
"A good example is the case of the five South Korean high-school students who disappeared from beaches in 1977 and 1978. They were believed dead for two decades but in the late 1990s it was discovered that they were working in North Korea as instructors, teaching the basics of the South Korean lifestyle to would-be undercover Northern operatives."
He says abductees, who were often teenagers, were used as language teachers and even trained spies. "Simple approach: you have problems with teaching foreign languages, you kidnap a native speaker. You have problems with movies, you kidnap a producer and director."
A simple approach - if you like the show, steal the show-maker.
More from the Magazine
Image copyright AP
North Korea's leaders are often thought of as ruthless, secretive autocrats but rarely as popular children's authors. However, between issuing instructions about prison camps and the development of nuclear weapons, Kim Jong-un's father and grandfather apparently found time to write stories for the young.
North Korea's story-telling autocrats (February 2014)
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
By Dan Durkin–
(CBS) As a pending free agent, Bears receiver Alshon Jeffery is incentivized to be on the field in 2015. With the recent contracts that were doled out to peers like T.Y. Hilton and Julio Jones, he's is in line for a big payday in the next five months.
It's been a tough year for Jeffery physically. Back in mid-August, he missed time in training camp due to a calf injury, which limited him at the start of the season. Then a hamstring injury cost him four games, making this past Sunday's game against the Lions his first since the season opener against the Packers. His presence was felt immediately on the field.
Jeffery finished Sunday's game with eight receptions (six resulting in first downs) on 11 targets for 147 yards and a touchdown. He was able to attack all three passing zones, but in particular he brought a vertical element back to the Bears' offense that had been lacking.
Not only did Jeffery win individual matchups, he created single-coverage opportunities for his teammates, which is the definition of a coverage-dictating wide receiver. Wherever he lines up on the field — which was both inside and outside against Detroit — the opposing defense must account for him and typically dedicate safety help over the top.
Marquess Wilson's 46-yard reception early in the fourth quarter was a perfect example of how Jeffery affects an opponent's coverage scheme.
The Bears come out in 11 personnel in an empty shotgun set in a three-by-two formation, with trips to the left. Wilson (circled in yellow) is the No. 2 receiver to the trips side of the formation, while Jeffery (circled in white) is the No. 2 to the opposite side.
Notice the alignment of the Lions' deep free safety (circled in blue). He's lined up 16 yards off the line of scrimmage on the left hash mark, shaded to Jeffery's side. This is significant, as the Lions have now put three defenders in coverage over the Bears' two-receiver side and left single coverage to the trips side of the formation. They've dedicated their free defender to Jeffery's side of the field to provide deep help.
(All images courtesy of NFL GamePass)
The Bears run mirrored whip routes with Matt Forte, Martellus Bennett and Eddie Royal to occupy the underneath defenders. Jeffery runs a dig to occupy the deep safety, while Wilson runs a go route.
Jay Cutler's first read is Royal on the front-side whip route. The Bears switched Royal and Jeffery's release, but the Lions defensive backs exchanged coverage responsibilities, and cornerback Josh Wilson played tight trail-man coverage on Royal.
Not only is Cutler's first read taken away, right tackle Kyle Long gave up the edge, forcing Cutler to evade laterally to his left. The protection breakdown was costly, as Wilson beat Lions cornerback Rashean Mathis off the release and quickly stacked on top of him, giving Cutler a big throwing window.
Cutler was able to get free in the pocket and climb to his left and get the ball out to Wilson. However, with Cutler being flushed, he was unable to get more on the throw, which could've gone for a touchdown. Wilson had to slightly adjust and come back to the ball.
This explosive gain set the Bears up with first-and-goal from the 6-yard line, but they were intercepted in the end zone two plays later.
Regardless of the fact that the Bears came up with no points on this drive, this play is a prime example of the impact Jeffery has on the game, both when he's targeted and a decoy. Offensive coordinator Adam Gase now has his full complement of weapons and will be able to devise plays to take advantage of the extra attention Jeffery draws.
Dan Durkin covers the Bears for CBSChicago.com and is a frequent contributor to 670 The Score. Follow him on Twitter @djdurkin.
James Denney, a 30-year-old man from Anderson Township, Ohio was charged with two counts related to child pornography promotion.
According to the indictment, the accused knowingly promoted a URL on the dark net containing child pornographic material. He also helped a connected child porn forum user in accessing illegal content of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct.
Law enforcement authorities claim that Denney allegedly sent an undercover agent links to an online board featuring URLs to child porn chat rooms, video and image board sites, as well as to community support groups and online security advice for dark web pedophiles.
According to the state's laws, promoting a URL containing child porn has a minimum punishment of five years in prison. However, also, aiding another person in accessing child pornography material could result in a maximum sentence of 20 years. The crimes Denney committed could put him in jail for a long time with a supervised release.
In December, a 37-year-old German was also accused of child porn-related crimes. However, his case was quite complex. The suspect was charged with serious crimes, including the possession of child pornography material, three handguns, drug trafficking, and the rape of his ex-girlfriend.
Court documents say that the 37-year-old was involved in the dark web scene since 2013. Police had been on the suspect's trail for a long time. After they finally tracked him down, they raided his apartment. In October 2015, law enforcement authorities confiscated three fully functioning semi-automatic guns, a Glock 17, a Glock 19 and a Glock 26 pistols. Additionally seized was a handle and a silencer for the Glock 17 handgun, and 90 rounds of ammunition. Officials claim the 37-year-old purchased the weapons from the dark web and had them shipped as separate parts to his apartment. Police say the accused spent about 4,000 euros on the firearms. The charges include the illicit acquisition of nine essential components of semi-automatic short-armament, the unauthorized possession of three semi-automatic short weapons, and the illegal acquisition and possession of ammunition.
The suspect is also accused of the commercial production and marketing of counterfeit medicines in 89 cases. He allegedly ran a webshop on the internet where he sold Maxidus, an unauthorized herbal potency agent from January 2014 to May 2015. According to the prosecution, the 37-year-old German sold about 3,900 capsules and made around 6,000 euros in profits. However, the pills he sold were fake, the suspect mixed crushed Viagra tablets with cocoa powder in gelatin capsules.
In addition to that, investigators seized hard drives and mobile phones. On the devices, forensic experts found 33 images and seven video files containing teen porn and 127 pictures and 40 videos of child pornography material. On the iPad of the suspect, law enforcement authorities found incriminating evidence showing that the 37-year-old sexually assaulted his ex-girlfriend in November 2011, June 2012, January 2013 and November 2013. Forensic analysts discovered videos of the sexual intercourses on the device.
The defender of the accused, Robert Alavi, managed to agree on four to five years in prison for his client. Despite the agreement, the Chamber continues the investigation.
If someone owes you $5.35 and hands you a $20 bill, every reader of this blog can easily make change. You have a calculator, a cash register, or you do it in your head.
However there is a faster way that I learned when I was 12.
Today it is rare to get home delivery of a newspaper, but if you do, you probably pay by credit card directly to the newspaper company. It wasn't always like that. When I was 12 years old I delivered newspapers for The Daily Record. Back then payments were collected by visiting each house every other week. While I did eventually switch to leaving envelopes for people to leave payments for me, there was a year or so where I visited each house and collected payment directly.
Let's suppose someone owed me $5.35 and handed me a $20 bill. Doing math in real time is slow and error prone, especially if you are 12 years old and tired from lugging newspapers around.
Instead of thinking in terms of $20 minus $5.35, think in terms of equilibrium. They are handing you $20 and you need to hand back $20... the $5.35 in newspapers they've received plus the change that will total $20 and reach equilibrium.
So you basically count starting at $5.35. You say outloud, "5.35" then hand them a nickel and say "plus 5 makes 5.40". Next you hand them a dime and say "plus 10 makes 5.50". Now you can hand them 50 cents, and say "plus 50 cents makes 6". Getting from 6 to 20 is a matter of handing them 4 singles and counting out loud "7, 8, 9, and 10" as you hand them each single. Next you hand them 10 and say "and 10 makes 20".
Notice that the complexity of subtraction has been replaced by counting, which is much easier. This technique is less prone to error, and makes it easier for the customer to verify what you are doing in real time because they see what you are doing along the way. It is more transparent.
Buy a hotdog from a street vendor and you'll see them do the same thing. It may cost $3, and they'll count starting at 3 as they hand you bills, "3..., 4, 5, and 5 is 10, and 10 is 20."
I'm sure that a lot of people reading this blog are thinking, "But subtraction is so easy!" Well, it is but this is easiER and less error prone. There are plenty of things you could do the hard way and I hope you don't.
It is an important life skill to be able to do math without a calculator and this is one of the most useful tricks I know.
So why is this so important that I'm writing about it on my blog?
There are a number of memes going around right now that claim the Common Core curriculum standards in the U.S. are teaching math "wrong". They generally show a math homework assignment like 20-5.35 as being marked "wrong" because the student wrote 14.65 instead of .05+.10+.50+4+10.
What these memes aren't telling you is they are based on a misunderstanding of the Common Core requirements. The requirement is that students are to be taught both ways and that the "new way" is such that that they can do math without a calculator. It is important that, at a young age, children learn that there are multiple equivalent ways of getting the same answer in math. The multi-connectedness of mathematics is an important concept, much more important than the rote memorization of addition and multiplication tables.
If you've ever mocked the way people are being trained to "stop thinking and just press buttons on a cash register" then you should look at this "new math" as a way to turn that around. If not, what do you propose? Not teaching them to think about math in higher terms?
In the 1960s there was the "new math" movement, which was mocked extensively. However if you look at what "new math" was trying to do: it was trying to prepare students for the mathematics required for the space age where engineering and computer science would be primary occupations. I think readers of this blog should agree that is a good goal.
One of the 1960s "new math" ideas that was mocked was that it tried to teach Base 8 math in addition to normal Base 10. This was called "crazy" at the time. It wasn't crazy at all. It was recognized by educators that computers were going to be a big deal in the future (correct) and to be a software developer you needed to understand binary and octal (mostly correct) or at least have an appreciation for them (absolutely correct). History has proven they naysayers to be wrong.
When I was in 5th grade (1978-9) my teacher taught us base 8, 2 and 12. He told us this was not part of the curriculum but he felt it was important. He was basically teaching us "new math" even though it was no longer part of the curriculum. Later when I was learning about computers the concept of binary and hexadecimal didn't phase me because I had already been exposed to other bases. While other computer science students were struggling, I had an advantage because I had been exposed to these strange base systems.
One of these anti-Common Core memes includes note from a father who claims he has a Bachelor of Science Degree in Electronics Engineering which included an extensive study of differential equations and even he is unable to explain the Common Core. Well, he must be a terrible engineer since the question was not about doing the math, but to find the off-by-one error in the diagram. To quote someone on G+, "The supposed engineer must suck at his work if he can't follow the process, debug each step, and find the off-by-one error.﻿"
Beyond the educational value or non-value of Common Core, what really burns my butt is the fact that all these memes come from one of 3 sources:
Organizations that criticize anything related to public education while at the same time they criticize any attempt to improve it. You can't have it both ways.
Organizations who just criticise anything Obama is for, to the extent that if Obama changes his mind they flip and reverse their position too.
Organizations backed by companies that either benefit from ignorance, or profit from the privatization of education. This is blatant and cynical.
Respected computer scientist, security guru, and social commentator Gene "Spaf" Spafford recently blogged "There is an undeniable, politically-supported growth of denial -- and even hatred -- of learning, facts, and the educated. Greed (and, most likely, fear of minorities) feeds demagoguery. Demagoguery can lead to harmful policies and thereafter to mob actions."
These math memes are part of that problem.
A democracy only works if the populace is educated. Education makes democracy work. Ignorance robs us of freedom because it permits us to be controlled by fear. Education gives us economic opportunities and jobs, which permit us to maintain our freedom to move up in social strata. Ignorance robs people of the freedom to have economic mobility. The best way we can show our love for our fellow citizens, and all people, is to ensure that everyone receives the education they need to do well today and in the future. However it is not just about love. There is nothing more greedy you can do than to make sure everyone is highly educated because it grows the economy and protects your own freedom too.
Sadly, Snopes and skeptics.stackexchange.com can only do so much. Fundamentally we need much bigger solution.
Advertisement
Preparing a recent talk for the New England section of IEEE's Power and Energy Society ("How Can We Best Achieve Deep Cuts in Carbon Emissions?"), a lightbulb lit up over my head: Instead of encouraging energy companies to switch from coal to low-carbon or zero-carbon energy sources such as nuclear fission, natural gas, or wind by imposing a carbon trading system or a carbon tax, why not just pay them to switch? The dirtiest U.S. coal plants, besides being responsible for about two fifths of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions, are also blamed for about 10,000 premature fatalities each year. Admittedly, the thought of bribing parties to stop causing early deaths may stick in the craw a bit. But if that's the most effective way of getting the job done, hey, why not?
There's a very deeply ingrained notion that the United States just can't afford to shut down half its coal plants because the country's coal is so plentiful and cheap. But that's wrong. The comparison I've often made is to the feelings one has about a very good, very cheap, and very reliable car that also happens to be very old—one of the classic great cars, like the 1951 Plymouth or the Dodge Dart of the 1960s and the Oldsmobile Omega of the Seventies and Eighties. Consumers hung on to those cars because they were so inexpensive to maintain and operate. But was a 1951 Plymouth, with no seatbelts, catalytic converter or electronic diagnostics, still a great car in 1981? Obviously not. And nor are the country's dirtiest coal plants, which are churning out electricity using technology that's not too different from what it was generations ago, good plants today.
You think you can't afford to replace that dirty and unsafe old car; but actually you can easily afford to. You just need a little nudge.
So that's why, contemplating the difficulties the United States has had agreeing on a carbon trading system or carbon tax, it occurred to me that it might just be easier to pay utilities to pour concrete into their aging coal plants the same way we just paid consumers to disable their car clunkers. After all, the cash for clunkers program gave the economy a distinct little boost, and quite a few families ended up with better cars that were smaller, more fuel-efficient, and less polluting.
Of course there was always the sour puss who called cash for clunkers a clunker of a concept, ourselves included. Maybe you're in trouble when you have to call upon Jeffrey Sachs, the Columbia Earth Institute's controversial leader, when you need to be brought back down to earth. Writing in the current issue of Scientific American, Sachs argues that the car program was a clunker of a climate policy: He reckons the cost of each metric ton of carbon saved at about $140--seven or eight times the level at which carbon has been trading.
That's a compelling argument. But remember: Cutting carbon was not the only reason or even the main reason for cashing in car clunkers; and nor would cutting carbon be the only compelling reason to cash in coal clunkers.
A training scheme that equips young people with the skills they need to get a job at home is designed to deter them from the perilous crossing to Europe
For its size, the Gambia is experiencing a disproportionate number of people leaving the country. Its population is just under 2 million, yet over the past two years it has come fourth and fifth in the International Organisation for Migration's league of the six main nationalities identified attempting to cross the Mediterranean from Libya to Italy.
Abubacarr Danjo tried several times to take the “back way” to Europe, as Gambians call it. “I spent three days on the boat. No matter whether you get there or not, you regret making the journey,” he says. “The conditions on the boat are terrible. You are packed like sardines, you have to piss where you sit, you vomit, and the seawater burns your skin. You make the journey all because of poverty.”
Youth in the Gambia stay put thanks to government farming initiative Read more
Each of Danjo's attempts ended with him being arrested at sea and deported. He has put these experiences to good use, however. Danjo now teaches bore-hole drilling for a training scheme that aims to deter young people from attempting the perilous Mediterranean crossing by equipping them with the skills they need to get a job at home.
“Most of the youths here are illiterate and unemployed, and don't have many skills,” he says. “They see their friends going the back way to Europe and sending money back, and they think they should do the same. But with the help of the project they learn skills to be self-sufficient. I'm a great example.”
The Livelihood Empowerment Agricultural Project (Leap), is run by the Wuli and Sandu Development Agency (Wasda) in partnership with the British NGO Concern Universal (CU), and supported by the UK's Big Lottery Fund. It is based in the Gambia's Upper River region (URR). This is the furthest district from the capital, Banjul, and the country's poorest. Villages suffer from poor sanitation, and infant malnutrition is rife. Most people rely on subsistence farming, but food security has been affected by a series of crop failures in recent years.
“Climate change is making farming increasingly vulnerable to the extremes of flooding and drought,” says Ismaila Jarjou, a project coordinator for CU. Many of the young people who leave for Europe come from this region. In the main town, Basse, young people congregate outside stores, chatting in the 40C-plus heat under the shade of tin awnings.
“Poverty is very bad here. URR has the highest population of youths trying to migrate,” says Danjo. “Young men, the backbone of our society, are deserting our villages, we are losing our brothers. One of my friends died on the boat [in April].”
The Leap scheme is trying to reverse this trend by training young men and women over nine months in farming and horticulture, auto mechanics and crafts. As part of the scheme, the trainees also work in CU's pioneering rice irrigation project , which helps farming collectives to pump water from the Gambia river, reducing food insecurity in the area.
“They learn these skills and how to develop business plans. The project will provide loans for startup equipment, such as a generator or welding tools, so they can establish their businesses,” says Kebba Sillah, Wasda project leader.
A total of 60 17- to 35-year-olds are on a three-year programme that began in 2012. It ends this December, and further funding is being sought.
“The main aim of the project is to engage youths to deter them from trying to migrate. We want them to stay in their environment. To have a 100% success rate is very difficult – we know of at least two trainees who travelled anyway – but we think the majority of graduates are getting income from their skills,” says Sillah.
He hammers home to the students his own experience of being paid a pittance as a labourer in Spain. “They [the young people] don't know the reality of life in Europe. When I was in Spain, I travelled for hours every day to do tedious work. I wanted to get to the UK to study, but I wasn't allowed so I decided it was best for me to come back to the Gambia to be with my family,” says Sillah.
Ousman Jallow, a former Leap student, is now a welder, running workshops for the project. “After training I can make enough to feed my family and buy more materials,” he says. “Now that I'm in business, I am not thinking of the back way. It is better to have something here than to lose your life.”
But many more young people will need to be convinced of their prospects at home. Youth unemployment is at 38%, according to a 2014 UN Development Programme report, and rising inflation is pushing up the cost of basic foodstuffs. In the Gambia, those aged between 13 and 30 make up nearly 37% of the population.
“Now, a sack of rice costs more than 1,000 dalasi (£16), that's half a month's wages for many people,” says Mohammed, a security guard who works in Banjul. “The increase in food prices has pushed up the desperation to go.”
In a family-centred culture, the younger generation of Gambians feel a keen responsibility to contribute, yet often lack the skills and wherewithal to do so. And, with a growing number of peers having reached Europe, accounts on social media are a powerful lure.
“If you are in the city, you feel the pressure to send money back to family in the village,” says Buba Daffy, whose friend was rescued in July from a stranded boat off the coast of Libya by the Migrant Offshore Aid Station. Daffy, 26, sells horserides on the beach in Banjul. “I only make money during the tourist season – for six months of the year I'm unemployed, because there are no jobs. It is very hard here because your family think you are a big man if you are in the city. That's why people go the back way, because they feel the pressure to provide for their families.”
A recent survey of 16- to 30-year-olds by the Gambian charity Be Inspired Internationally found that 65 out of 100 respondents claimed to know two or more friends or relatives who had travelled the back way. More than half (56) said unemployment is the major problem affecting young people.
Tackling youth unemployment is a priority for the Gambian government, and skills training and apprenticeship schemes are run through the National Youth Service Scheme. But Be Inspired's research found many young people were unware of these programmes, or did not believe they were effective. The charity is bringing together advocates from a range of professions to raise awareness among secondary school pupils of career pathways and scholarships at home.
“We found that a lot of pupils leave high school without a good understanding of how to have a career,” says Abdou Manneh, a law graduate and Be Inspired's founder.
“We also found that many youths were unaware of the government's apprenticeship schemes. There needs to be more communication about the support that is available, so we are working with the government agencies on that. And there needs to be more discussion about what really happens to migrants in Europe. That is the elephant in the room.”
Buy Reddit Silverbug Silver Rounds From the Most Trusted Gold & Silver Bullion Dealer in the US!
Alyx the Fairy Silverbug 1 oz Silver Proof
Each Reddit Silverbug Alyx the Fairy Proof comes in an airtite capsule, features an edge mark, and includes a numbered Certificate of Authenticity!
SD Bullion is excited to introduce the 4th Release in the Reddit Silverbug Collection: Alyx the Fairy - In Stunning 1 oz Silver Proof!
With An Extremely Limited Mintage of Only 10,000 Coins, Alyx Is Expected to Sell Out Even Faster Than the First 3 Releases, So Secure Your Alyx Antiqued Proof Today While Supplies Last!
The 3rd fairy in the SilverBug Fairy Collection, Alyx is a provocative manifestation of the current silver climate, chained down by market manipulators and paper pushers. Featuring a community- developed concept and original art by legendary science fiction & fantasy artist Steve Ferris, Alyx's mischievous expression clearly communicates that she won't be held down for long - and a breakout could happen at any moment. The reverse features the forum's award-winning scarab bug design with a new twist; for 2016, the scarab is now hand-carved, adding beautiful relief and dimension to the popular design.
Specifications:
Mintage: 10,000
Mint: Osborne Mint
4th Release in Silverbugs Collection (Ariana, SilverBug, Archer Ariana)
Shop all our silver rounds here.
Facebook has won a court challenge against its real names policy in Germany. Yesterday an administrative court in the North of Germany granted Facebook's request for “suspensive effect” against a ruling, made by Schleswig-Holstein's Data Protection Commissioner, that Facebook's real names policy was violating German and European law. The court ruled that German data protection laws aren't applicable because Facebook has its European headquarters in Ireland — meaning only (the less stringent) Irish data protection laws apply.
Back in December the German data protection body in question, the ULD (Unabhaengiges Landeszentrum fuer Datenschutz), issued a ruling against Facebook's real-name policy, arguing that it erodes online freedoms and calling for the site to allow the use of pseudonyms. The ULD said it had received complaints from citizens about Facebook's policy. It said its aim was to seek clarification of Facebook's legal position in regards to European data protection law — and its intention was to pursue a “regular lawsuit” against the company.
At the time, Facebook said it planned to “vigorously” fight the ULD's ruling — and its vigor appears to have paid off, with the Schleswig-Holstein Administrative Court granting it suspensive effect against the ULD's ruling, meaning its business as usual for Facebook in Germany.
However the ULD said today it intends to appeal. In a press release (translated via Google Translate) on Facebook's court win, entitled ‘Administrative Court of Schleswig granted Facebook free ride', the ULD said it plans to appeal the court's decision before the Schleswig-Holstein Higher Administrative Court.
The head of the ULD Thilo Weichert described the court's rulings in Facebook favour as “more than amazing” and “contradictory”.
The ULD has two weeks to appeal the court's ruling.
At the time of writing Facebook had not responded to a request for comment. Update: In an emailed statement, a Facebook spokesman said: “We are pleased with the decision of the Administrative Court of Appeals of Schleswig-Holstein. We believe this is a step into the right direction. We hope that our critics will understand that it is the role of individual services to determine their own policies about anonymity within the governing law – for Facebook Ireland, European data protection and Irish law. We therefore feel affirmed that the orders are without merit.”
The news was reported earlier by the AP news agency.
We have entered a very different era of information management in contemporary conflicts. As my colleague Noam Cohen reported last week, both sides in the Gaza conflict used Twitter accounts to fire verbal shots back and forth in an effort to shape perception in the outside world.
The good news is that, unlike in 2008, foreign correspondents were allowed to enter Gaza and see for themselves. The bad news is that they were entering a place where some journalists already there were considered targets, making a dangerous situation all the more so.
Mahmoud al-Kumi and Hussam Salama worked as cameramen for Al-Aqsa TV, which is run by Hamas and whose reporting frequently reflects that affiliation. They were covering events in central Gaza when a missile struck their car, which, according to Al-Aqsa, was clearly marked with the letters “TV.” (The car just in front of them was carrying a translator and driver for The New York Times, so the execution hit close to our organization.) And Mohamed Abu Aisha, director of the private Al-Quds Educational Radio, was also in a car when it was hit by a missile.
Human Rights Watch spoke up in protest, saying in a statement, “Civilian broadcasting facilities are not rendered legitimate military targets simply because they broadcast pro-Hamas or anti-Israel propaganda.” Reporters Without Borders, another advocacy group, called the killings a “clear violation of international standards.”
Israeli officials have said Hamas was using journalists and their operations as “human shields,” and a press officer for the Israeli Defense Force warned in a Twitter post that reporters should be wary of the company they keep: “Advice to reporters in #Gaza, just like any person in Gaza: For your own safety, stay away from #Hamas positions and operatives.”
While it is true that news media operations have become one more arrow in the quiver of modern warfare, a direct attack on information gatherers of any stripe is deeply troubling. And such attacks are hardly restricted to Israel: recall that in the United States assault on Baghdad, television stations were early targets.
Photo
A distinction needs to be made. The battle over ideas — over who owns the truth in a given conflict — should be fought with notebooks and video cameras, not weapons of war.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The precision strikes were part of a very dangerous and violent few days for journalists in the region. Last Sunday, three airstrikes by Israel hit two buildings that might have included legitimate targets, but also housed journalists and production personnel from a variety of local and international news media outlets.
Television viewers could confirm for themselves that reporting in Gaza can get pretty hairy. During a live shot last Sunday, Anderson Cooper of CNN could be seen ducking after a loud explosion, before popping right back up to continue his report.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The violence against journalists in Gaza points to a larger, deadly trend. On Wednesday, the International Press Institute issued a report saying that 119 journalists had been killed this year, the highest total since it started keeping track in 1997. The total included all journalists who died while doing their jobs, not just journalists who might have been targeted for their affiliation or reporting.
Let's acknowledge that many of those who died were so-called conflict journalists — reporters, photographers and videographers who understood at least some of the associated risks.
But other factors are worth considering. At a time when news outlets in the United States are cutting foreign operations for monetary reasons, cheap and ubiquitous technology has lowered the entry barrier for others who want to engage in journalism, some of whom are already in the theater of conflict and may have partisan motives. Many of those newer players are young and inexperienced in ways that make them particularly vulnerable in the middle of dangerous conflicts.
Other journalists have close affiliations with partisan forces in these conflicts.
As news media organizations become increasingly politicized, all journalists risk ending up as collateral casualties because they are working adjacent to outlets viewed as purveyors of propaganda.
In Syria at the beginning of the year, Marie Colvin, who had been reporting for The Sunday Times of London, and Rémi Ochlik, a French photographer, died when the makeshift media center where they were working alongside opposition journalists was destroyed.
The nature of war has changed in a way that makes covering it more dangerous. Improvised explosive devices, or I.E.D.'s, and suicide bombers make no distinction in whom they kill and maim, and the street protests that were the flash point for the Arab Spring were a difficult and dangerous reporting challenge because the protesters and state forces trying to contain them could both be a threat.
The deadliest country for journalists this year, in terms of the number who died, was Syria, according to the International Press Institute. Journalists stay safe, in part, by knowing where to position themselves, but that conflict was full of asymmetries. In a place where the front lines are constantly shifting, the margin is razor thin between reporting on the death toll and becoming part of it.
Unesco has recognized that more is at stake than dangerous working conditions. It has convened a series of meetings, one of which took place in Vienna last week, investigating ways to increase journalists' safety and maintain the free flow of information out of combat zones.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The more important principle at work is whether governments in the Middle East and elsewhere will succeed in shaping or silencing different points of view by training missiles and bullets on journalists. If they do, the battle for the truth will disappear into the fog of war.
A Mexican national, deported by immigration authorities 20 times, moved to a sanctuary city and allegedly raped a 65-year-old woman.
Police officers in the sanctuary city of Portland arrested Sergio Jose Martinez, 31, after he allegedly broke into the home of a 65-year-old woman, tied her up, held her at knifepoint and raped her, KOIN CBS6 reported. Court records revealed Martinez has a long criminal history that includes burglary, battery, and multiple deportations.
“Defendant has entry/removal from [the] United States to/from Mexico 20 times with at least [five] probation violations from re-entry,” the local CBS affiliate reported from court documents filed in March 2017.
Eighteen years ago, Martinez, then 15, completed a drug and alcohol treatment program in Texas, court records stated. His record reveals multiple jail sentences in California and Oregon. The Mexican national lived in a shelter on Portland's northwest side and illegally worked construction jobs for money. He admitted to being a user of methamphetamine and marijuana but said alcohol is his most serious addiction.
Following his alleged attack on the 65-year-old woman in her home where she gave him her Prius to get him to leave, police responded to a call about a man attacking a woman in the basement of a parking garage below a building. There, police discovered Martinez allegedly sexually assaulting another woman and holding her at knifepoint. Martinez fled on foot and officers chased him through a neighborhood, capturing him in a nearby apartment, KOINS reported.
Immigration officials deported Martinez, once again, in November 2016. It is not known when or where he re-entered the U.S. after being deported. He reportedly uses several aliases including, “Sergio Alberto Martinez,” “Erick Acosta,” “Smyley,” and “Poison.
He is currently being held without bail.
Earlier this year, Multnomah County Sheriff Mike Reese told Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson that turning criminal alien sex offenders over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers damages “community trust,” Breitbart Texas reported. His comments to Attkisson came after His office released a Mexican criminal alien convicted of sexual assault despite a hold from ICE Enforcement Removal Operations officers.
“It simply worries me that we've spent so much time and energy building community trust and something outside of our control may damage that,” the sheriff said.
Crime victims might feel otherwise. A report issued earlier this year by ICE officials revealed that Sheriff Reese's jail released a Mexican national on February 15. Immigration officials issued an immigration detainer on March 21, 2016. The report indicates the Mexican criminal alien has a prior conviction for sexual assault.
The Declined Detainer Outcome Report for the week of January 28-February 3 revealed the release by the sheriff's office of another Mexican national convicted of assault and a Tongan national convicted of amphetamine possession.
Criminal aliens are drawn to the protections provided by sanctuary jurisdictions like the City of Portland and Multnomah County according to Attorney General Jeff Sessions. “When cities like Philadelphia, Boston or San Francisco advertise that they have these policies, the criminals take notice,” AG Sessions told the police officers gathered at a Las Vegas conference center. “According to a recent study from the University of California Riverside, cities with these policies have more violent crime on average than those that don't.”
“Some 300 jurisdictions in this country refuse to cooperate with federal immigration authorities regarding illegal aliens who commit crimes — even MS-13 gang members,” Session stated. “These jurisdictions are protecting criminals rather than their law-abiding residents.”
In September 2016, police in Austin, Texas, arrested five-time deportee Nicondemo Coria-Gonzales after he chose their sanctuary city to be his most recent U.S. home, Breitbart Texas reported. The Mexican national returned to Austin after his fifth deportation and allegedly went on a crime spree where he assaulted and raped at least nine women in the Texas capital city. At that time, now-Sheriff Sally Hernandez was in a campaign where she pledged to remove immigration officers from the Travis County jail and not honor immigration detainers. After her election, she followed through on those pledges and began releasing criminal aliens onto the streets of Austin. In one week, the sheriff who has become known as “Sanctuary Sally” released 142 criminal aliens, ICE officials reported.
Texas Governor Greg Abbott took immediate action, stripping Travis County of more than $1 million in state law enforcement grants.
Hernandez became to poster-child for supporters of Texas' Senate Bill 4 Sanctuary City bill authored by State Senator Charles Perry (R-Lubbock). On May 7, Governor Abbott signed the nation's toughest anti-sanctuary city bill into law.
In an exclusive interview with Breitbart Texas, Governor Abbott said, “All law enforcement officers are going to be required to follow this law,” the governor stated. “If they refuse to follow this law, or if they adopt sanctuary city policies, they are subject now to the stiffest penalties in America for adopting sanctuary city policies – which includes jail time where sheriffs could wind up in the same jail they may be releasing inmates from who are the subject of ICE detainer requests.”
In the meantime, officials in Portland continue to protect and welcome criminal aliens. In March, Multnomah County Judge Monica Herranz allegedly allowed 22-year-old Diddier Pacheco Salazar escape from immigration officials by allowing him to flee through a back door normally reserved for court officials, Breitbart News Warner Todd Huston reported.
U.S. Attorney Billy Williams told reporters he was disturbed by the judge's lawless behavior. “When you're talking about the judicial system — whether it's federal or by state — you have an expectation that people are going to abide by the law and not take steps based on their own motivations, their own politics – whatever the motivation was,” Williams said.
The DOJ launched an investigation into the action taken by Judge Herranz, Breitbart Texas' Ildefonso Ortiz reported. “I was troubled because, on the face of it, what I heard sounded like potential federal criminal law violations and/or ethical violations,” U.S. Attorney Williams told reporters. “Generally, we're talking about obstruction of justice.”
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.
In November 2012, a minibus imported from Japan by a used-car dealer in Jamaica was scanned and found to have radiation levels which required it to be moved to a quarantined area.
In December of 2013, a shipping container containing used car parts destined for Guyana was also found to have elevated levels of radiation. It too was transferred to a quarantined area for protection.
Both shipments will be returned to Japan shortly.
Velma Rickets, Assistant Commissionier of Customs told reporters in Jamaica, “The JCA [Jamaica Customs Agency] has been on high alert since the earthquake affected Japan.”
Additionally, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will have urgent discussions with the Japanese Embassy about the issues.
Commissioner of Customs Major Richard Reese said, “It could be that there is a weakness in the inspection process on that [Japan's] side.”
The Jamaican Customs Agency has been working with the United States Department of Energy to conduct radiation examinations on all vehicles and spare parts coming from Japan.
Source: The Gleaner
Share this:
Tweet
Email
Updated forecasts by TD Economics project that the Conservative government will be in deficit for two years longer than originally planned due to the sudden drop in oil prices and the impact of tax cuts announced in the fall.
Rather than a $1.9-billion surplus in 2015-16 as outlined in Finance Minister Joe Oliver's fall fiscal update, TD Economics is projecting a $2.3-billion deficit, followed by a $600-million deficit the following year. The return to surplus would be pushed back to the 2017-18 fiscal year.
However, the report cautions that the government has put aside $3-billion a year for unforeseen events and that amount could still be enough to post slim surpluses in the coming years. It would not be enough, though, to allow the government to announce major new spending in the 2015 federal budget.
Story continues below advertisement
"The conclusion is unambiguous. In the absence of new measures to raise revenue or cut spending, TD is projecting budget deficits in fiscal 2015-16 and 2016-17 as opposed to the surpluses expected at the time of the update," states the report authored by TD senior economist Randall Bartlett.
The government's November fiscal update made downward revisions to revenue forecasts based on the fact that the price of North American crude had slipped from $98 (U.S.) a barrel to $81. Oil was trading near six-year lows Tuesday of around $45.
The latest TD forecasts assume that oil prices will rise from current levels to average $67.50 per barrel in 2015 and $80.25 in 2016.
Should oil fall to $40 and remain at that price, TD Economics said the deficit could be as large as $4.7-billion in 2015-16 and $2.4-billion in 2016-17.
The report from TD is the latest in a series of statements from private sector economists questioning the government's assurances that federal finances will return to surplus in 2015. The government, however, insists the target will be met.
Mr. Oliver issued a news release through Finance Canada on Jan. 2 titled "Harper Government to balance budget in 2015." Similarly, Prime Minister Stephen Harper said last month that there is "no doubt" that the books will be balanced.
Treasury Board President Tony Clement added a touch of nuance on the topic last week in an interview with The Globe and Mail.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"I think that we continue to be on track," he said. "The Prime Minister has made that clear as well as the Finance Minister, but one doesn't declare 'mission accomplished' until you accomplish the mission."
The finance minister is standing by his surplus projections.
"While threats to the global economy loom – including falling oil prices – our Conservative government's plan for the economy is working. We will continue our unrelenting focus on jobs, growth and long-term prosperity and we will balance the budget in 2015," said Mr. Oliver in a statement released by his office Tuesday.
Parliamentary Budget Officer Jean-Denis Fréchette has stated that federal finances are sustainable over the long term and economists generally say that whether Ottawa is in a small deficit or surplus is not very significant as long as overall trends are moving in a positive direction. However the TD report notes that because 2015 is an election year, "great political weight has been put on the fortunes of the economy and returning to surplus following years of deficits."
Eskom is spending a “fortune” feeding its workers lamb chops, chicken casserole, and croissants, despite the power utility being in the midst of a financial crisis. This is according to a report in the Sunday Times.
The report states that Eskom subsidises the meals of 17,000 employees – 37% of its workforce – while contractors building the Medupi and Kusile power stations receive hot meals thanks to a R1.5-billion catering contract.
The food bill is a costly addition to Eskom's list of expenses, which includes the delayed and over-budget coal-fired power stations it is building and the R1-billion a month diesel bill for generators.
Food subsidies by the company range from between 50% to 80% of a meal's cost, and are a “long-standing tradition” at Eskom.
“Workers get used to these things and if you take them away you'll get a riot,” said Numsa's Steven Nhlapo.
The Sunday Times said Eskom avoided answering questions about the sustainability of the food expenses, only stating that “operational and capital expenditure was under scrutiny in a bid to cut costs”.
Among the bids contractors have put in to supply food at Eskom, includes:
A-grade red and white meat and mandatory dessert for 500 people at the Eskom Research and Innovation Centre in Johannesburg.
Grilled fish, braaied meat, and roast chicken at Kriel power station.
Cheese and jam croissants, scones with fresh cream, and fruit platters at Mersey Training Centre in KZN.
The billion rand catering contract for Medupi and Kusile workers was first reported on in December 2014, when the newspaper stated the two five-year deals included the serving of “meals… in huge dining areas on site include beef, chicken, mutton or vegetarian dishes”, along with “fresh fruit juice”.
The full report is available in the Sunday Times of 3 May 2015.
More on Eskom
Eskom reaches deal with non-paying municipalities
Rights group goes to court over Eskom power cuts
ANC made millions through Eskom's new power stations: report
Back to top
Verstappen insists he can cope with the expectation of driving for a frontrunning team, despite the circumstances of Kvyat's demotion from the team just one race after he finished on the podium in China.
Kvyat was relegated to the Toro Rosso team following his high-profile clashes with Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel on the opening lap of the Russian Grand Prix, coupled with poor qualifying results.
“To be honest, I think I haven't slept for three nights,” Verstappen told Ziggo Sport's Peptalk show on Dutch TV. “I was very motivated to go directly to the team, because you know it is a top team where you have a better chance to reach the podium.
“When I got there, I actually couldn't stop; lots of simulator work and spending as much time with the team as possible.”
When asked if he was worried about the speed with which Kvyat was jettisoned from Red Bull's top squad, Verstappen responded: “As long you hit the throttle there is nothing to worry about – that's what I need to do.
“And if you don't, you expect you will be out. So we need to make sure we do.
“[The pressure] doesn't change, you always try to do your best. Whether that is in a bit less competitive car, or a better one, that doesn't change.”
Sensed that something was afoot
Verstappen was quizzed about the circumstances of the days that followed the Russian GP, and how his promotion came about.
“Well, the race didn't go according to plan for Red Bull in total, so from there you see Helmut Marko walking around and you ‘feel' some conversations,” he said. “And slowly it moves your way.
“We felt it coming, a bit. We went to Austria and, of course, we talked with Helmut Marko [Red Bull's motorsport advisor]. From there, the deal actually came together quite quickly.”
Verstappen admits his move won't be simple, as he has to fit in with Red Bull's operations and learn a completely new car.
“In every car you want to do your best,” he said. “You have a very good team-mate [Daniel Ricciardo], of course, who has proven that he's really quick.
“I try to learn as much as possible, because you are getting in a new car within the season and that's not easy. But I have a lot of engineers around me who are helping me with that, and hopefully within a couple of weekends I can get some good results.”
Additional reporting by Tim Biesbrouck
Check out our Spanish GP video preview...
Turkey's foreign minister, Ahmet Davutoglu says NATO is preparing to deploy patriot missiles to bolster defenses on its border with Syria. The surface-to-air missiles will be able to shoot down aircraft up to 160 kilometers away.
Davutoglu's comments were reported on Al Jazeera television news.
The foreign minister's comments appeared to be in direct contradiction to a statement from the Turkish Prime Minster Recip Tayyip Erdoğan, who has denied that his country has made a request to NATO for the missiles.
"We do not have any thoughts of aquiring patriots by paying money," Erdoğan said in a press statement quoted by the Turkish Anadolu Agency.
NATO also said that they hadn't received an official request from Turkey for the missiles.
US State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland has also confirmed at the briefing that no request from Turkey has been received.
"As of today we haven't had a formal request of NATO. But as you know in the past, we have reinforced Turkey with Patriots. So, we will await a formal request, and then NATO will deliver aid."
Patriot is a long-range, all-weather, all-altitude system designed to counter tactical ballistic missiles, cruise missiles and advanced aircraft.
The possibility of enforcing a no-fly zone in Syria, where rebel fighters would be protected from attacks by the government's air force, has been on the table for some time despite NATO's reluctance to intervene in the Syrian conflict without a mandate from the UN Security Council.
The Patriot missile deployment is one of several scenarios currently being considered, the official said. Plans for the deployment were put on hold pending the results of the US election, the source explained, speaking on condition of anonymity because of ministry prohibitions on speaking with the media.
The official said that any missile deployment might happen under a "NATO umbrella," although NATO maintains it will not intervene without a clear UN mandate.
Linsday German of Stop the War Coalition told RT that despite the missile being a largely defensive weapon, it could in fact be used to intervene in Syria's internal conflict.
“Having the Patriot missiles is a prelude to using a no-fly zone. We've seen the effect of no-fly zones, for example in Libya, for example in Iraq, where they actually didn't bring peace to the region – they were the lead-up to if not war, then intensive bombing. I fear the developments in Turkey point in the same direction,” she said.
Tensions between Turkey and Syria escalated in October, when shells coming from Syria landed in the Turkish border town of Akcakale, killing five civilians.
Turkey retaliated for several days. At least ten Syrian troops were reportedly killed by Turkish fire.
Turkey previously requested the deployment of the Patriot system during the first and second Iraq wars. In both cases, deployments were carried out by the Netherlands – one of the few NATO members equipped with the system.
After being rescued and nursed back to health by a young family in Newport, Australia, a magpie named Penguin has become a regular visitor and friend at the Bloom family's home, playing with them and coming in to hide when it rains.
Penguin was discovered flying on the ground near a tree in 2013 by Noah, who is now 11. After being nursed back to health by husband and wife Cameron and Sam and their children (Reuben, 13, Noah, 11, Oli, 9), Penguin was allowed to fly free, but still returned often to spent time with the family. She plays catch, saunters through their home and even perches on their shoulders – all while Cameron Bloom takes beautiful pictures.
The bird waits for the family to leave their home before flying on her own way in the morning, and greets the kids when they get home from school; “It's like a dog wagging its tail – she sits there in the tree and flaps her wings like she's excited,” Noah's father told ABC News.
More info: bloomphotography.com | Instagram (h/t: abc.net.au, dailymail)
“Little baby magpie came into our lives when she fell from a tree at about 3 weeks old”
“We gradually nursed her back to health with a proper Magpie diet and lots of cuddles”
“She watches tv, jumps on the tramp with the kids, flies into our bed in the morning and cuddles up”
“I never thought she'd become as much a part of the family as she has. [The kids] love her like a dog, but better”
“She's free to fly – she often will just hang out around us in the morning then when the kids go to school she'll do her own thing”
“If you flap your arms like wings – she'll flap her wings”
“She spends a fair bit of time cruising inside the house, picking up the kids' scraps and playing games. She's pretty domesticated”
“When the kids play handball here with their friends… Penguin just flies from kid to kid, sort of gets involved. It's pretty fun. It's chaotic”
“If other magpies are around she'll make a beeline for the house and fly in here so she doesn't get bombed and pecked – they really attack her”
“A few months ago there was another baby magpie, a local one. She started playing with it and it came into the house”
“Penguin and this one were just… talking and carrying on together. It was really cool”
Sam Bowman
WHISPER it, but things finally seem to be looking up. Investment is rising, unemployment is falling, and the deficit seems to be coming under control. But it could be a lot better. Real wages will not recover to their pre-crisis peak until 2020. And expected growth of 2.7 per cent this year is well below what we might expect in a real recovery.
The question is, how can we get the strong growth we all want? Tax cuts are nice, but hard to sell as long as the deficit remains large. And calls for business deregulation are often too vague to be useful. But there are clear areas for reform in planning, immigration, and money, and none would threaten the deficit. Reform these areas – the PIMs, we might call them – and real, booming, sustainable growth will come.
Planning reform would give the economy the most immediate boost, particularly in London. House prices have skyrocketed in the capital, having risen in the past year by an eye-watering 17.7 per cent. In most parts of the UK, prices are still lower than they were before 2008, but in London they are nearly 25 per cent above their pre-crisis peak.
Demand for housing is rising because more people want to live in London, but the planning system prevents enough new homes from being built to meet this extra demand. Research published in 2011 by Aida Caldera Sanchez and Asa Johansson showed just how unresponsive the UK market is to price changes. In the US, a 1 per cent increase in house prices will trigger a 2 per cent increase in supply. In the UK, a 1 per cent price rise tends to bolster supply by just 0.4 per cent. Reforming planning would allow tens of thousands of new homes to be built in London alone.
Root-and-branch liberalisation would be best, but is probably not politically feasible. Yet there are small steps we should take. First, the government should roll back the green belt around London by one mile. This, according to LSE analysis, would create space for more than 1m new houses, all within travelling distance of central London. Next, the government should get rid of most of the height and visibility restrictions to make high-density construction easier. The ensuing construction boom would be phenomenal – an example of real wealth creation – and would probably add a few points to GDP. The fall in housing costs would be a nice bonus.
Immigration reform is trickier, but could be even better for long-term growth. The net migration cap is voodoo economics, but it exists for political reasons. So we must consider “keyhole” policies that improve a bad system.
Abolishing any cap on highly skilled immigration, in particular, would be a boon to UK firms, allowing them to import the best talent the world has to offer. Similarly, scrapping the cap on student visas would revitalise the higher education sector, a strong export earner. Both seem viable: less than a third of the public objects to highly skilled or student immigration, compared to nearly two thirds who object to low-skilled immigration.
In the longer term, we should move to a system where immigrants can buy work visas for a few thousand pounds to insure against benefits dependency, while scrapping the migration cap altogether. More immigration would attract the world's entrepreneurs and help prevent the cost of Britain's ageing population from leading to a fiscal crisis.
Monetary reform is the most wonkish item on the PIMs agenda, but is crucial to improve the overall macroeconomic environment and prevent future recessions. The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee should be scrapped; the discretion of its “wise men” replaced by a simple, predictable rule that requires the Bank to target the level of nominal GDP instead.
This target, which includes both real GDP and inflation, would avoid both the hidden inflation in booms and the demand shocks in busts that lead to widespread recession. Under this regime, a real shock like an oil crisis would lead to purchasing power falling, but would avoid the mass unemployment and bankruptcy that demand shocks have caused in the past.
By binding the Bank to a strict rule, markets would also have no reason to panic over tightening money, as happened in 2008, when central bankers' incompetence led to economic collapse. Implementing a predictable, rules-based policy that offset inflation in the good times, and stabilised spending in the bad times, would be the best way of giving markets the macroeconomic confidence they still lack, and prevent big busts in future.
The deficit-neutral PIMs trifecta is this: planning reform gets us growth now; immigration reform secures it in the long term; and monetary reform safeguards against recessions. Some of these policies may be unpopular initially, but they would deliver enormous returns. Fortune favours the bold, as they say.
Sam Bowman is research director at the Adam Smith Institute.
When my three year old daughter, Niamh, asked for a Gollum themed party, I was torn. On one hand, I think that a Gollum party would be awesome and funny. On the other hand, I didn't want to terrify all the other little four-year-olds at the party. It took some finesse and convincing (and maybe a wee bit of bribery), but I eventually convinced my daughter that Hobbits more generally would be a great party. Happily, she eventually agreed!
I have been dreaming of a Hobbit party for years. Maybe decades. I've certainly loved the book The Hobbit for most of my life. It was the first big novel I ever read (at age 3--really, reading has always been my gift) and I've been hooked on fantasy ever since. For me Gollum was the monster living under my bed, however. I'm not really sure why Niamh adores him so much, but hey, I'm not going to discourage her from any sort of geeky fandom!
Any good party starts with an invitation, and I had a lot of fun making these. Shaped like Bilbo's iconic round green door, complete with a brass doorknob in the center, the cards opened to reveal the details of the party. Here's the tutorial for how to make them for yourself.
I made a replica of the sign on Bilbo's gate to hang on our door to greet guests. A little watercolor, a sharpie, and a candle to burn the edges were all it took.
The dessert table wasn't particularly robust for this party, but was full of fun details. I love the way my map turned out for the backdrop. It took a couple hours to draw all of that, but it was so worth it! My husband has carefully saved it to turn his cubicle into Middle Earth for Halloween this year, so it even will have a life after the party. I love it when that happens.
The centerpiece of the table was, of course the cake. Smaug's hoard. I must have made thousands of little golden gumpaste coins to cover that thing. Smaug even breathed fire, thanks to a sparkler we had left over from last 4th of July!
Sure, the arkenstone looks a little more like a dragon egg than a gem. Oh well--it still made the kid happy.
As happy as I was with how the cake turned out, my favorite element of the dessert table was the tree full of dwarves. In The Hobbit, the dwarves get captured by giant spiders in Mirkwood forest, and trussed up in spiderweb, and Bilbo comes to the rescue.
Our dessert table version was made out of cotton candy, and alas, there was no Bilbo to save these dwarves from our ravenous little guests.
Bilbo's seed cake--fed to the dwarves on their first, rather unexpected meeting--was an unusual and delicious addition to the dessert table. I used this recipe from Good Cheap Eats , and the only change I made was to bake in a single 8" round cake pan, rather than 4" springform pans. The caraway seeds in the lightly sweet cake were really interesting and tasty. I'll definitely make this again. Hmm, it is drawing close to second breakfast...
I want to interrupt the dessert talk to point out the design of the tented labels. The runes at the top and bottom of the labels are a nod to the orignal cover design of The Hobbit, but in my version here, actually spell out "Happy Birthday Niamh." I'm quite sure nobody at the party noticed that, but it sure made me happy!
I always like to offer some sort of healthy fruit option on my dessert tables, and Bard the Bowman's Skewered Fruits were the perfect way to do so at our Hobbit party.
Gollum, as an honored guest at our party, of course had to have his favorite food there.
Orcrist, Goblin-cleaver peanut butter balls were a big hit with all the little kids.
I thought about shaping them into little goblin heads, but wasn't sure how that would go over with the pre-schoolers. Or their parents.
I had a bunch of leftover royal icing dots from the ice cream sandwiches, so as a last-minute addition to the dessert table, I dusted them with gold luster dust and dubbed them Bilbo's Brass Buttons.
And speaking of ice cream sandwiches...
Easy to make, and easy to do ahead. I'm a fan of not scooping out sticky ice cream at a party!
Dinner (pizza made in the wood-fired oven I built) was served at the Green Dragon, of course.
Wine and beer were available for the adults, and for the kids, the Green Dragon's Famous (Ginger) Ale and (Root) Beer.
Instead of a tablecloth, I made a large paper table runner map of the Shire.
And we ate off of hobbit door plates.
Messes were wiped up with napkins, bound with One (Napkin) Ring to Rule Them All.
Golden ring wine charms were the perfect accent to the adult beverages.
And kids drank from Lonely Mountain cups.
For tomorrow's post, I'll tell you all about the favors and the fun at the party. Here's a little teaser for you...
Is there a party you've been waiting to do practically your whole life?
- A high alert has been issued in Cook County where heavy rains and standing water have created the perfect conditions for a city-wide mosquito infestation.
Anyone with standing water on their property is being advised to take precautions to ensure that they don't become breeding grounds for the pesky insects.
West Nile virus has been found in mosquitos in Chicago for more than a decade. But now, there are fears the Zika virus might spread to Chicago as well.
A giant mosquito sculpture in the Loop is part of a public awareness campaign designed to inform people about limiting our exposure to mosquitos as we head into the warmer months. And while people traveling to places where mosquitos carry the Zika virus could potentially bring the deadly virus to Chicago, you can count on the West Nile being back again this spring and summer.
Cook County is on high alert and taking steps to prevent the mosquito population from exploding. Recent heavy rains have created breeding grounds in pools of standing water and in more unlikely places.
"We're doing extreme surveillance; we're looking for certain mosquitos that transmit West Nile Virus,” said Douglas Wright, GM of Cook County Mosquito abatement.
West Nile continues to be the most serious threat in the greater Chicago area. Mosquitos carrying the virus have been found every year since 2001. Victims bitten by mosquitos carrying West Nile can expect to suffer from a wide range of symptoms, and some can be deadly.
"It causes flu-like symptoms, fever headaches, stuff like that, in the worst case scenario it can cause coma and death,” said biologist Michael Slamecka.
A vaccine for West Nile virus is now in human trials. However, there is no treatment for the potentially deadly Zika virus, which can be passed from pregnant mother to fetus. Zika has been linked to severe birth defects and has been found in American women who have traveled to parts of South America and Africa.
But there is good news for Chicagoans. Mosquitos carrying the Zika virus are not found here locally.
Sara Prins had planned a trip to Puerto Rico but canceled her plans and now doesn't worry Zika might impact her pregnancy.
"Obviously you feel somewhat of a threat because you're carrying a baby, but the only threat I really felt was if I had traveled,” Prins said.
As for keeping the mosquitos at bay, the Centers for Disease Control advises using insect repellents that include at least 20 percent deet, which they recommend for both skin and for clothing.
If you're in Abaco and headed to No Name Cay to visit the pigs of Piggyville, please bring water.
Unfortunately, there's no source of fresh water on the island (a fact evidently overlooked by those who released the pigs on No Name to fend for themselves.)
And while Green Turtle Cay's Pig Whisperer, Craig Russell, visits twice weekly and brings as much water as his boat will hold, it just isn't enough for the growing piggy population – especially with summer approaching.
Thanks to Craig's dedication, and the generosity of all who contribute food or bring it directly to No Name Cay, the pigs seem to be getting enough food. But they're desperate for water.
Craig says that he and other visitors to No Name often meet the pigs' water containers completely dry.
Sometimes, he says, the pigs even refuse to eat until their water supply has been replenished and they've had a good, long drink.
If every vessel that visited No Name brought a gallon or two of fresh water, it would make a huge difference to the pigs' water supply. Please help if you can.
On behalf of Craig, the residents of Piggyville and all who love them, thank you!
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal argues on the opinion page of The Wall Street Journal today that birth control should be more widely available to those who want it, but probably not for the same reasons most women's health advocates do. Jindal's op-ed co-signs an endorsement from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists for the idea that oral contraceptives should be available without a doctor's prescription. That would make it easier for women to buy it on their own, while also letting employers who object to contraceptive coverage off the hook.
However, the "unapologetic pro-life Republican"'s chief argument is that conservatives have been routinely hammered on the issue by Democrats who use it to paint them as anti-women zealots. (To be fair to liberals, you only have to look at the right's reaction to Sandra Fluke this summer to see that it wasn't that hard.) By removing the prescription requirement, and by extension, government oversight of contraceptive drugs, you take away a political fight that Republicans are increasingly losing.
But there's another result implicit in Jindal's argument: If birth control becomes an over-the-counter drug, health insurance companies won't have to pay for it anymore. They can choose to do so if they wish, but many women would suddenly be on the line for another medical expense, under the argument that they now have more "purchasing power"—an usual free-market appeal to help women's rights.
A week ago we presented an excerpt from Credit Suisse's most excellent piece "The Flaw" - merely the latest in one of the best overviews of the neverending Greek soap opera by William Porter. Yet every soap opera eventually ends. Although when it comes to Nielsen ratings, the denouement is usually a whimper. In the case of Greece, it will be anything but. Yet listening to the daily cacafony of din from Europe's leaders, who are likely more clueless than the average reader as to what is really going on, one may be left with the impression that there is a simple solution to the problem, and Greece may be "saved... in hours." It can't. In fact, as of today, Porter's s conclusion is: "we are left with a sense that the probability of delivering the largest default loss in history in a disorderly way on or before 20 March has increased relative to doing so in an orderly way."
As a reminder, Credit Suisse was the one smart enough bank which chose to completely ignore day to day newsflow out of Greece as it is literally noise with absolutely no signal. Wish we could say the same for FX traders. As such, CS' "view remains that, in any case, the chance of a disorderly outcome after 20 March is high, so to that extent the immediate events are not really central to our view, but of course are fascinating." Quite fascinating indeed, because they show to what extent an unravelling financial system will go to pretend that the number one unfixable problem in Europe - the lack of money good assets, available to either be sold, repoed, pledged, equitized, or otherwise monetized. As we have observed previously, at this point it doesn't matter for Greece- even if the country gets the second bailout, which will be used almost exclusively to recycle cash into the banking system, Europe will have a first lien on nearly 150% of its GDP. At that point the country is both a de facto and de jure colony of the Troika. The longer the bang, or whimper, is delayed, the fewer assets will remain in Greek possession, and the poorer the population will be for the inevitable fresh start, with or without the Euro.
So meandering regurgitations aside, because all this has been said one hundred times already, here is Credit Suisse's latest attempt at a fresh take on events.
As NHL players get ready for the potential of another prolonged lockout in their sport, one former star still feels the pain of the last one.
Mike Modano, the all-time leading point scorer among American-born players, estimates the last lockout cost him more than $7 million in salary by sitting out a year. To him, the payoff wasn't worth the sacrifice.
"In hindsight, it wasn't worth it," he told ESPN The Magazine for a story gauging former players' opinions of the last lockout. "It was a waste of time. We thought we were stronger than we were. We started falling apart as the months clicked by."
The Livonia, Mich., native retired last summer after playing in 1,499 career NHL regular-season games, and winning the Stanley Cup in 1999 with the Dallas Stars. He's being inducted into the U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame in October and is a lock to earn the same enshrinement in the Hockey Hall of Fame when he's eligible.
Even with all his on-ice accomplishments, losing millions stings.
"It's money you feel you never get back. At some point, we were sold a bill of goods," he said. "Everybody was buying it. Everybody thought, 'Let's not let each other down. Let's do it for the future of the game. Blah, blah, blah.' You're only in the game so long."
The NHL owners locked its players out at midnight Saturday for the third time under commissioner Gary Bettman as both sides continue to fight for an agreeable way to divide record revenues. Modano's advice for players digging in for the fight is to be prepared for disappointment.
"I would say (to them) that it's not a battle you're going to feel like you're going to win," he said. "It's a negotiation. You feel at some point that both sides will be upset about what they have to give up."
Parents of missing Natchitoches woman, Diana Zacarias, speaks out Video Video
Natchitoches, LA - A daughter's dream of travel becomes her parent's worst nightmare.
22-year-old Diana Zacarias from Natchitoches, Louisiana went missing while visiting the Grand Canyon on April 3. Since her disappearance her parents struggle with their pain while hoping to find her.
Diana's parents, Alejandro and Rosa, have made several trips back and forth to the Grand Canyon to look for her and each time neither them nor park rangers have found any trace of her. They're hoping to find out something, even if it's something small, just so they know what happened to their daughter.
The Zacarias tend to the garden and stones they planted and placed for their daughter the weekend she disappeared.
"I said oh when my daughter comes back tomorrow she will be impressed and like what we did," said Alejandro Zacarias, Diana's father.
Alongside his wife, Rosa, the Zacarias share they've been devastated since discovering their daughter never returned to see the new stones and flowers they put around their home.
"We always worried about the trip. We suggested her mom go with her and she said no, she wanted to go by herself," Alejandro said.
Alejandro and Rosa say their daughter was smart, sweet and shy and as a way to break out of her mold she wanted to travel alone to the Grand Canyon. The trip was supposed to be her first trip traveling by herself and with extreme hesitation, her parents agreed. She left their home wearing a T-shirt that read, “Worry Less Pray More.”
"That thing made me believe in God, trust God and believe everything will be ok," Alejandro said.
He dropped her off at the airport in Shreveport still with uncertainty if she should leave. But he said she had such a determined spirit and they wanted to support their daughter's opportunity to adventure. So he let her leave his car never knowing that would be last time he saw her.
Diana made it to the Grand Canyon to post a smiling photo of herself on Facebook. She stood high above the canyon with beautiful rolling hills behind her.
"I was so proud of my daughter. It was a beautiful picture," Alejandro said.
"I think her smile has helped her keep on going," Rosa said.
Her happy, accomplished photo would be the last item she shared. She sent her last text to her mother.
"I just feel a lot of guilt that I could have done something.She was just texting us like she would normally do and just being herself so I didn't notice anything suspicious," Rosa said.
They knew something was wrong when they didn't hear from her that Saturday night and into Sunday. After frustrating calls between park rangers they said were not getting them anywhere they decided to drive throughout the night from Natchitoches to Arizona.
"We were feeling like we were basically on our own," Alejandro said.
They arrived at the airport in Arizona to catch the plane she was supposed to be on. When they saw she didn't walk through the gates they immediately filed an official missing persons report with the police.
"We spoke to the ranger on Sunday and at that point they weren't doing anything. I was frustrated and when I told him we filed out an official police report, then they were like we need to start doing something,” Alejandro said.
A rescue mission formed and together they searched throughout the areas Diana traveled. Alejandro traced back to where her last photo was taken.
"We walked all the way for miles back and forth. Calling her name. Seeing my wife risking her life looking up and down for her," Alejandro said.
They followed her trail, itinerary , and posted pictures of her along the way. After days of searching without any traces of clues they had to return home empty handed and broken hearted. Since returning in April, Alejandro has made trips back since to look for her. During his searches he found help from locals including a helicopter company that flew him over the canyon. They said they'll continue search efforts with or without park rangers because they can't give up hope.
"Millions of people go there all the time, somebody has seen to something. I know it's a very large place with difficult terrain but something has to be discovered,” Rosa said.
Since so much time has passed without yielding any clues, they can't help thinking the worst.
"At this point our concern she is with someone against her will," Alejandro said.
They're hoping for any evidence big or small and pray for a miracle.
"No matter how long it's still so painful. We're so empty inside ourselves. There's no more joy for us,” Alejandro said.
They daily life is at a standstill and the most important part of their world is gone.
"When I come home from work I pray to God, please God make my girl be home already. And I come into the house and there's nothing. Just the loneliness and pain that she's not here and we no idea where she is and if she's ok,” Rosa said.
Rosa said they are a religious family and will continue to pray for a miracle. They have found some solace in her smile seen in her last photo standing atop a canyon while she was conquering her dream
"We will be waiting for you our whole lives if we have to," Rosa said.
They ask for any help for clues on her whereabouts and plead for her return. Rosa sends out a special message to her lost daughter; "We want you to know we love you so much. That you represent the whole world for us. Together with your brothers and sisters. All of them miss you so much and are praying for you. Especially your little sister. And your cat, your kitty cat misses you. She cries and looks for you everyday.”
Anyone with information is urged to call the Zacarias at 318-471-1128 or the Silent Witness at 928-638-7840.
Company CEO Valentin Fage certainly hopes so, and told me that there's nobody out there trying to sell affordable motion sims. "We wanted to build a product that appeals to a wide variety of users ... families who want to watch Disney movies with their kids, cinema lovers and gamers who want an enhanced experience."
Immersit CEO Valentin Fage
Conceptually, Immersit's product is similar to theater systems like the 4DX. The third-generation prototype (arriving in August) consists of four pneumatic, air-pump activated "feet" that sit under the legs or corners of your sofa or love seat. They're capable of moving independently up to 10cm (four inches), creating pitch (back and forth), roll (side to side) and heave (up and down) motion, along with vibration. The final system will support up to 500 kilograms (1,100 pounds), easily handling the weight of a couch with four people seated.
A central control module receives "motion code" commands from a laptop or tablet via WiFi to operate the feet in sync with a movie or game, either actively or passively. As with a 4DX-style ride sim, motion-control artists must pre-program any Blu-ray or DVD movie for it to actively sync up with Immersit. For my demo, the company had pre-encoded action sequences from Jurassic Park and Toy Story 2, making the couch move in time with the action. If a movie isn't actively encoded, Immersit can still move your chair passively by matching movement with the audio soundtrack.
As for games, it's simple. The system is synced up with your controller, so that when you turn or move forward in, say, a driving game, your chair will pitch and bank to match. If the controller vibrates, the chair will buzz. I tried it with an Xbox 360 F1 game, and the couch pitched back and forth during acceleration and braking, while banking along with turns.
So how was it? Surprisingly good. I know that 4D theaters are gimmicky as hell, but I've always loved ride sims like the Back to the Future and Simpsons 3D rides at Universal's theme park. You can dial up Immersit's travel and speed, or turn it down for a milder experience. The maximum amount of motion during the roller-coaster ride, Buzz Lightyear sequence and gaming demos was too weak for my taste. But Fage told me that the next prototype would not only respond more quickly than the second-generation version, but also have a greater range of travel as well. (Hopefully it won't be so powerful that it'll break your couch, which is definitely not designed for that.) In addition, it will supposedly operate silently, unlike the prototype I tried.
I did enjoy the movie sequences with 4D motion enhancement, but the quality of the active programming varied. It was best during swooping chase or flying scenes with lots of banking, turning and acceleration. At other times, the experience was uneven and occasionally distracting. However, Fage again assured me that the programming would improve before it goes on sale.
I liked Immersit for gaming. If you're playing a driving game like Forza Horizon or F1, why not make it more dynamic? It made me want to try it in flying sims, FPS games and anything else where more immersion is better. Marry it with an Oculus-type virtual reality (VR) device? Why not! Full VR realism combined with dynamic motion sounds like a natural match, assuming motion sickness isn't an issue.
Immersit will launch its 4D motion sim to the public on Kickstarter in September. So far, the company hasn't locked down the price, but Fage figures it'll be the same as a good laptop, around $800 to $1,200. A home theater or VR buff with means probably wouldn't think twice about dropping such a sum on their setup. But what if you're not rich?
Immersit has the most potential for gaming, but that's a heck of a lot of money for a gaming accessory. On the plus side, there's no other product that can do what it does for anything close to that amount. But will enough people want one to make it a success? That's certainly very debatable. I doubt that there are tons of people who are crazy about 4D, so a lot will depend on the price and how well the final product works. We'll get a lot better idea about that when the third-generation prototype is unveiled next month.
Only 33% of Republicans want to see Boehner become Speaker
"The Republicans really are put into a very difficult position," said former Republican Representative Bill Archer of Texas, who was chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, which oversees tax bills. "They are historically for tax relief. In this case, the question is can you be against tax relief if you don't get everything you want?" ... Representative Paul Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican, was among Republicans who distanced themselves from Boehner yesterday. "We're for a full, complete extension of the Bush tax cuts," Ryan said on talk-show host Sean Hannity's radio program.
Instead of joining President Obama in his call to extend the middle class tax cuts to working families, to the people who need it most, McConnell and Boehner's focus appears to be on millionaires and billionaires who aren't asking for a tax cut. During these challenging economic times, we simply can't afford to borrow another $700 billion over the next decade to give an average tax cut of $100,000 to Americans making over $1 million per year.
What's clear is that Senator McConnell's and Congressman Boehner's plan would do absolutely nothing to grow our economy, put people back to work and strengthen America's middle class. Instead, it would take us back to the same exact failed economic policies that created the mess we're in: cut taxes for millionaires and billionaires; cut rules for the special interests and big corporations and cut the middle class loose to fend for itself.
...The Congressional Republicans have tried very hard over the past 19 months to convince the American people that they were the only ones who could be trusted with getting spending under control and reducing the deficit. This argument was always laughable, considering these are the same people that took a budget surplus at the end of the Clinton administration and turned it into a $1.3 trillion deficit. Now we have further evidence that, despite all of their bluster about deficits and out of control spending, it's clear that the Congressional Republicans have no plans to fix these problems and is unprepared to govern responsibly.
This will be a tough election, but fortunately, the unfolding tax issue can work strongly to help Democrats and define the choice in the election. This is a case where Democrats are strongly aligned with public thinking and priorities. Only 38 percent favor extending the Bush tax cuts for those over $250,000-- the official position of Republican leaders and candidates. Clearly messaging around this choice-- with Democrats voting for middle class tax cuts, while starting to address the deficit and protecting Social Security, contrasted with Republican candidates who still believe trickle-down economics and worsening the deficit-- works for progressives.
With Democrats down by 7 points in the congressional test ballot, they have reason to welcome this potential shift in the dynamic. Democrats hold the high ground on these issues-- and this one noticeably moves the congressional vote to the Democrats after a debate. Democrats should embrace a tax debate. Frankly, they do not have many issues where:
* There is a 17-point margin in favor of the Democratic position, 55 to 38 percent.
* The strong messages gives a disproportionate lift to the Democratic candidates-- scored 13 points better than named Democratic candidates while Republican messages performed half as well.
* There is an opportunity to show seriousness on the deficit, while undermining Republicans on the issue.
* The choice re-enforces Democrats' core values and strongest framework for the election (for the middle class versus Wall Street).
The payoff from this debate comes in a 2-point narrowing of the Republican lead in the congressional vote after hearing the debate. And for the most powerful Democratic messages, it narrows the vote by 5 points, to 45 to 47 percent.
This latest poll of likely voters by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner for Democracy Corps finds majority support for a variety of tax cut measures to protect the middle class. Some of the key findings include:
• Over half-- 55 percent-- support increasing taxes by letting some or all of the Bush-era tax cuts expire. Specifically, 42 percent say the cuts should remain in place for the middle class, but expire for those making more than $250,000. Just 38 percent say all the tax cuts should remain in place. This is not a purely base issue-- by a 17-point margin, independents favor raising taxes on the wealthy.
• This message is even more popular when it is contextualized by broader economic messages. By a 10-point margin, voters are persuaded and reassured by the idea of raising taxes on the wealthiest so that revenue can be used for deficit reduction and investment in jobs.
• Majorities clearly side with extending the cuts for the middle class, at least for some time. Voters favor extending the tax cuts for the middle class for two years, as some have proposed, while a similar majority favors extending these cuts permanently. The proposals receive intense popular support from Democrats, with all proposals advocating expiration of tax cuts getting more than six-in-ten support.
Extending these tax cuts is right. It is just. It will help our economy because middle-class folks are the folks who are most likely to actually spend this tax relief-- for a new computer for the kids or for maybe some home improvement.
And if the other party continues to hold these tax cuts hostage, these are the same families who will suffer the most when their taxes go up next year. And if we can't get an agreement with Republicans, that's what will happen.
So we don't have time for any more games. I understand there's an election coming up. But the American people didn't send us here to just think about our jobs; they sent us here to think about theirs. They sent us here to think about their lives and their children's lives, and to be responsible, and to be serious about the challenges we face as a nation.
I've been looking into what most of the Republican congressional candidates have in common this year-- no it isn't O'Donnell's anti-masturbation mania-- and it seems to be a threat to block tax cuts for the middle class if the wealthiest 2 or 3% of Americans don't get them too. Their message is, "If the rich don't get their Bush tax breaks extended, no one else will either." Crooked Ohio used car dealer Tom Ganley is a good example . He's trying to buy a seat for himself in northeast Ohio (suburbs of Cleveland and Akron) and he isn't terribly savvy, just sort of parroting the Boehner line. His opponent, progressive Congresswoman Betty Sutton has been an indefatigable fighter for the middle class and is a champion of extending the tax breaks for middle class families. Ganley is more interested in the 3% of Americans who have benefited the most from the Bush economy: " The President just doesn't seem to understand how dire a situation his policies have created. AND he's now arguing a step that I believe will certainly make the problem far worse! He's proposing the elimination of Bush tax cuts for families earning more than $250,000 a year-- in other words, a TAX INCREASE for all those folk. He says he would use that revenue to fund a temporary tax credit for business investment."A bit to the south of Sutton's district, Congressman John Yarmuth, who represents the Louisville area and is also a firm backer of an extension of middle-class tax cuts and new incentives for small business, is up against Todd Lally, a guy widely seen as dangerously uninformed and angry to the point of becoming unhinged. And Lally, like Ganley, seems obsessed with helping "hard-pressed" millionaires.Ganley and Lally may be stupider than your average garden variety GOP House candidates, but, essentially, it's the same message wherever you look. When asked directly by the Louisvilleif he thought wealthy people were really the ones hurting, he replied, “Yes, I think some of them are.” Economists have concluded that, in fact, the wealth of American millionaires increased by 16% in 2009 alone, while the income of middle-class workers remained stagnate or declined. According to the CBO, extending the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy will cost taxpayers $700 billion over ten years. When confronted with the burden this would place on the national debt, Lally scoffed, reiterated strong support for his millionaire tax plan and offered no plan to pay for it.Now, recall thatback on September 12, Boehner, probably drunk, said onthat he would vote to extend middle-class tax rates even if it means eliminating the reductions on household incomes exceeding $250,000 a year. He's been walking that back -- in a panic-- ever since. Fearful of the scorn of more Republicans Boehner put together a press conference and said, repeatedly, that he would support only legislation that kept in place the tax cuts for the wealthy as well as for average Americans.As Dan Pfeiffer explained on the White House blog yesterday, the Republican approach to the scheduled sunsetting on the Bush tax cuts will double the nation's deficit over the next decade Tuesday three of the most committed progressives in Congress, Alan Grayson, Raul Grijalva and Mary Jo Kilroy sent a letter to Speaker Pelosi urging action on the Bush tax cuts before October adjournment. The letter calls for the elimination of tax cuts for the top 2% of Americans who simply don't need them, and use that revenue to help end deficit spending. Boehner and his cronies are already going insane over it-- especially since it was their decades of pushing terrible trade policies that led to the terrible US-China trade deficit and this elimination of unwarranted tax cuts to the wealthy is being touted as a way to get rid of that deficit.Meanwhile you might be interested in a survey from Stan Greenberg's Democracy Corps that shows how strongly voters support the Democratic position on letting the tax breaks to the wealthy expiry while extending them for the middle class.President Obama spoke about the hostage-taking from the Rose Garden late yesterday afternoon:Senator David Vitter doesn't pay any attention when President Obama speaks. He summed up the Republican incomprehension of the plight of regular American families nicely and it was caught on tape by Charlie Melancon's campaign. Now Melancon is a conservative Blue Dog, but eventhinks unfair tax breaks for millionaires should be allowed to expire while tax cuts for the middle class stay in place:
Labels: David Vitter, Ganley, Lally, Stanley Greenberg, tax policies
Many in the sports world have already come out strongly against President Donald Trump's immigration and refugee ban. It's a very small thing compared to families being torn apart, but with these policies in place, the USA could be severely hampered in efforts to host major international tournaments.
Specifically, the World Cup and Olympic bids coming up for the mid-2020's could shift from being perceived favorites to possible long-shots given the disdain from the international community for the executive order. Although it's possible (maybe even probable) that these policies won't be in place by the time those tournaments come around, the fact that they have been implemented so close to the bidding process will leave a sour taste in the mouths of the IOC and FIFA.
To put it bluntly, it makes it very difficult to host international sporting events when you're trying to exclude part of the international community from your country.
The first example is the 2024 Summer Olympics. Los Angeles is one of three candidates to host those summer games along with Paris and Rome. The host city will be selected this September in Lima, Peru. However, at least one American member of the IOC says that the Trump executive order is a “blow” to Los Angeles' hosting chances.
Via the New York Times:
David Wallechinsky, an American member of the I.O.C.'s cultural and heritage commission and the president of the International Society of Olympic Historians, said the election of Mr. Trump in November had hurt Los Angeles's bid with I.O.C. delegates because Mr. Trump was perceived as being “anti-Muslim, anti-woman and anti-Latino.” “This is worse,” Mr. Wallechinsky said of the Muslim ban, adding, “I would consider it a blow to the Los Angeles bid — not fatal but a blow.” At a meeting at the I.O.C.'s headquarters in Lausanne, Switzerland, several days after the American presidential election, Mr. Wallechinsky was asked repeatedly, “What is wrong with your country?” he said.
Another example of the effect of the executive order and Trump's policies could be the World Cup. It's all but a certainty that the United States in some form or fashion would host the 2026 edition of the tournament, either as a stand-alone bid or as part of a wider North America bid.
While US Soccer didn't comment in the immediate aftermath of the Trump ban, captain Michael Bradley has publicly condemmed it. And before the election, US Soccer official Sunil Gulati commented that Trump's policies towards Mexico would make it “trickier” to co-host a World Cup with our neighbors south of the border.
“I think a co-hosted World Cup with Mexico would be trickier if Secretary Clinton isn't in the White House,” Mr. Gulati said at the time, in a reference to Hillary Clinton, who lost the election to Mr. Trump. After Mr. Trump won the election, Mr. Gulati modified his remarks, saying, “It's not going to dissuade us or persuade us to bid.” International perceptions of the Trump administration “matter, for sure,” Mr. Gulati said, “but I think those will be developed in the months to come.” U.S. Soccer said Saturday it would have no immediate comment as it examined Mr. Trump's order.
The 2026 World Cup bid is scheduled to be decided in 2020, which would still fall under the auspices of the Trump regime. Given US-Mexico relations are at its lowest point in any of our lifetimes, and the intent on the current administration to build a wall separating the two countries, it's hard to imagine a joint bid coming to fruition over the next four years. Perhaps FIFA could send a message by awarding the 2026 World Cup to a joint Canadian-Mexican bid, who knows.
The Times also details the impact of the immigration ban on athletes from various individual sports as well. It could impact the friendly wrestling rivalry between the USA and Iran with Iran potentially reciprocating Trump's ban against Americans. There are also athletes in leagues MLS who could face uncertain futures like Justin Meram of the Columbus Crew plays for the Iraqi National Team. After a weekend of uncertainty, gold medal track star Mo Farah was finally able to safely say he could return to his home and his family in Oregon.
Hosting major international sporting events like the World Cup and the Olympics isn't quite what it used to be with countries seeing the effect of the massive cost in doing so and the white elephants that are left when the games are done. However, the USA is one of the few countries in the world with the massive infrastructure needed already in place for many of these events. We've seen how beneficial the 1994 World Cup was in growing soccer in the states and how successful previous Olympic bids have been.
Again, it's a small thing compared to the very real pain that real immigrant and refugee families are experiencing, even right now. But with President Trump's new policies and “America First” agenda, it could also mean that the USA is shut out from the international sports stage for the time being.
SCHENECTADY -- U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer, D-NY, is coming to Schenectady Tuesday to advocate for more tools to fight the opiate epidemic, his office announced.
Schumer is to appear in the county's legislative chamber at 1:30 p.m. to push for a new bipartisan bill to provide for more border agents, scientists, labs and training, his office said. The bill would also provide funding for new devices to detect and intercept fentanyl and other synthetic opiates.
Schumer is to appear with Schenectady County Sheriff Dominic Dagostino, District Attorney Robert Carney; New Choices Recovery Center Executive Director Stuart Rosenblatt; Schenectady County Legislature Chairman Anthony Jasenski and Mayor Gary McCarthy.
The appearance comes after the Schenectady County Legislature moved toward a possible lawsuit against some drug manufacturers over Medicaid and other costs incurred due to the opioid addiction epidemic.
The drugs have resulted in hospitalizations and an estimated 55 opiate-related overdose deaths in Schenectady County alone over a recent five-year period. The county has also incurred higher law enforcement costs, social services and jail expenses because of the trend.
Scientists using a combination of radio and X-rays have found the most recent supernova remnant observed in our galaxy, located about 26,000 light-years from here. It's the youngest, most energetic supernova we know and could shed light on just exactly how the stardust we're made of — heavier elements and all — gets created. The finding also lends some support to astronomers'
calculations that there should be about three supernovae in our galaxy per century, although they still need to find dozens more similar supernova remnants to confirm their suspicions.
All-in-all, it was an interesting moment for astronomy, despite the racist, conspiracy-theorists who crashed the science teleparty and derailed the conversation.
Liveblog:
NASA scientists at the Chandra X-ray Observatory are holding a teleconference this morning to announce "the discovery of an object in our Galaxy astronomers have been hunting for more than 50 years."
The press release announcing the teleconference generated considerable speculation, despite the efforts of some astronomers, so we're going to bring you live coverage of the announcement starting at 10 AM PST/1 PM Eastern.
We think it'll be interesting, but if it isn't, you'll be the first to know the news is boring.
There's a stream of the audio available, but I'll be on the phone, so if you've got any burning questions you want asked, Tweet @alexismadrigal, AIM: gatobarb, or post a comment.
I'll be updating the post as the conference happens, so remember to hit the old refresh button.
9:57 AM: Headset on. Excellent classical music on the hold line. (Vivaldi, maybe?)
10:03: NASA press release goes live, spoiling the fun. Scientists using NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory have discovered the Milky Way's most recent supernova, which exploded a mere 140 years ago, a few years after the Civil War.
It's not exactly the discovery of extraterrestrials our readers were hoping for, but it's a significant finding.
10:05: Still on hold. But news: Previously, the latest known supernova occurred in 1680, right around the time Newton published his Principia. A discovery like this was long sought-after and lends support to astronomers' rough estimate that three supernovae should explode in our galaxy each century. Scientists calculated the rough age of the supernova by tracking the expansion of its remains from 1985 until new observations were made last year. The remains, as you can see in the picture, had expanded 16 percent.
10:08: Call starts. Two discoverers will be on the line: Stephen Reynolds of NC State and David Green, University of Cambridge. Also, a third-party commentator: Bob Kirshner. Reynolds says, "The discovery addresses a lack of recent supernovae in our galaxy."
10:16: Reynolds continuing: Supernova located approximately 26,000 light years away from here. Shockwave moving 5 percent of the speed of light, the fastest ever observed. This supernova exhibits special kind of X-ray activity, one of only 4 supernovae with these X-rays, which are incredibly high-energy, far beyond anything that even the Large Hadron Collider will create.
10:18: Supernovae are incredibly energetic and often visible across the universe, but this one, known as G1.9+0.3, was obscured by the cosmic dust near the center of the galaxy. The scientists said the dust made the explosion a trillion times fainter in optical light than an unobscured explosion.
Green said that this is a very interesting remnant. It's the youngest and smallest and has the highest expansion speed and highest electron energy. "We're confident we will continue to find interesting information about supernova, supernovae remnants."
10:25: Kirshner gets on the line to provide context, says interesting things: Why are we interested in this? Self-interest. Supernovae make the chemical elements through real alchemy. The calcium in our bones and iron in our blood came from supernovae that exploded. So we're all star dust and it seems reasonable to want to know how elements get formed when stars explode," he said.
Unlike older supernova remnants: "For young objects like this one, you're getting to see the rock that made the splash, not the wave that's going out into the pond."
"This is a stellar death and the corpse is still warm," he concluded.
10:30: Young sounding guy gets on the Q&A line and asks, "Does this discovery have the potential to get the moon crickets shipped off Earth?" WTF? say the scientists in nicer, longer words. Anyone knows what that was about?
10:36: Commenter answers: "'Moon Crickets' and ‘Swoogies' (ED: which the questioner also said) are racial slurs." Yikes: how'd that guy get the dial-in number?) The scientists are discussing the difficulty of finding supernovae in the galactic haystack. Also, added more NASA pictures after the jump.
10:40: After a brief discussion of other younger remnants, Kirshner says: "It's great to have this album of baby pictures for exploding stars, but there might be more than one kind… We know there are different types of explosions. Some are from massive stars and some are thermonuclear explosions in low-mass stars."
10:42: Another weird moment at the end of the call: a man started yelling, "Hello? I want to talk to you. Let's talk about you guys …" and then I think he might have made a reference to the female genitalia.
That's when NASA shut down the teleconference. For a moment, though, the researchers appeared to think they were off-the-air. Green said, "Aside from the couple of loonies, I think that went quite well."
The research will appear in The Astrophysical Journal Letters.
Don't forget to take a peek at the pictures after the jump. The Bad Astronomy blog also has excellent commentary on the discovery.
‘Other NASA photos: first of the supernova's position in the Milky Way, the second of other known historical supernovae.
Images:
1. A composite radio (blue) and x-ray (orange) image of the supernova remnant. Credit: X-ray (NASA/CXC/NCSU/S.Reynolds et al.); Radio (NSF/NRAO/VLA/Cambridge/D.Green et al.)
2. Axel Mellinger, University of Potsdam, Germany
3. Chandra images of supernova remnants.
Gujarat Governor Om Prakash Kohli on Saturday hit out at debate on secularism in the country alleging there were organised attempts at fomenting hatred among youth towards religion and blamed the current education system for it.
Advertising
“Religion is a very complex issue. Nowadays, lots of organised attempts are being made to breed hatred among the youth towards religion so that younger generations come to hate it. They are taught that religion means panth (sect) but it does not mean so. They are told religion means traditions but it is not so. They are told religion means karma-kand (rituals), but it is not so. Thus, hatred is being bred in minds of younger generation towards religion by misguiding them. If I tell someone that I follow a religion, I am told I'm kampadh (not fully educated) and the one who hates religion, keeps away from religion is termed secular,” Kohli said while delivering a speech at 50th convocation of Saurashtra University (SU).
By virtue of being the governor of the state, Kohli is also the chancellor of SU and was presiding over the convocation of the varsity.
Quoting from Bhagvat Gita, Kohli asked students and parents if Krishna was communal when he preached that he would return to reestablish dharma. The governor further said that by religion, Lord Krishna meant order, system, value, culture—the system which supports life. “Our educated youth should practice this religion and not shy away from it. Students graduating from our universities should be proud about their religion and should connect with it,” the governor further said.
He also quoted Gujarati saint poet Narsinh Mehta to define that the one compassion was true practitioner of a religion. “After getting education, do you want to work for your personal gain only and towards selfish end. Is there anything like social responsibility of eudcation, educated youth? When you are graduating out of this university, I appeal you all to think about this,” he said.
The governor lamented the fact that India has failed to become a developed country even after around 70 years of independence and asked students to work towards making the country a developed one. He further said education had been deprived of quality and that there was need to mend it. The education which does not teach one to earn livelihood was is irrelevant, he added.
“More seriously, (present) education is disconnecting us from our own selves. It is disconnecting us from our tradition, heritage, Sanskrit, from the sense that India was great, our civilisation, culture and our roots,” Kohli said.
Advertising
He blamed the 190 years of British rule in the country for the present state of affairs. “Muslims ruled India for around 900 years. They did physical conversion by force. But British ruled us for 190 years and converted us mentally. (Thomas) Macaulay influenced so much that we have not come out of it even so many years after independence. We still feel pride in imitating and copying someone. We still take pride in something being foreign and not Indian,” he said adding our education system should reconnect our youth to our roots, values, ideals, traditions, culture etc.
ASP.NET Core MVC – Caching Tag Helpers
Introduction
Caching can significantly improve our application load time and responsiveness. What can we cache with cache Tag Helpers? Well, we cache HTML content. We usually cache content that does not change frequently.
In one of the previous posts, we talked about Tag Helpers. We saw what Tag Helpers do, how we can use them and we saw how do we use some of the most used Tag Helpers.
Today, we are going to look at how we can use caching Tag Helpers and what they are good for.
The sample application is available on GitHub – CachingTagHelpers.
Cache Tag Helper
First one is <cache> tag helper. Unlike other Tag Helpers that we talked about that are being used as attributes on other tags, Cache Tag Helper is used like a tag – <cache>. Therefore, it wraps content and makes that content available for caching in memory, based on the options we specify with its attributes.
Let us see an example code:
When we open the page for the first time, we will see the current time. However, if we refresh the page within 30 seconds, we will get same content every time. However, once those 30 seconds from the first hit have passed there will be new content, and we will again see the current time in the output.
We got three options for controlling cache Tag Helper via time-related attributes:
expires-after – most commonly used one, it will cache content for the specific amount of time (time span)
expires-on – takes a date time offset
expires-sliding – every time user requests content rendered caching gets extended by specified amount of time (time span)
vary-by attributes
Cache Tag Helpers build cache keys by generating an ID that is unique for the context of the cache Tag Helper. That means we can have multiple cache tag helpers inside of the same view and that those contents will be unique and will not overlap. We can also instruct caching Tag Helpers to use more complex keys by using one of the vary-by attributes or combination of any of the vary-by attributes.
List of vary by attribute suffixes:
query
route
cookie
header
user
vary-by
vary-by-query
It makes unique caches (keys) based on the query parameters for the current request.
For the following code:
We get the following output and changes on the page:
vary-by-route
This one will make unique caches based on the set of route data parameters. It takes a comma-separated list of route data parameter names.
vary-by-cookie
This one will make unique caches based on the value stored in the cookie. It takes a comma-separated list of cookie names.
vary-by-header
This one will make unique caches based on the set of route data parameters. It takes a single header name.
vary-by-user
This one will make unique caches based on the logged-in user. Attribute expects a boolean value.
Can we do more?
As we saw, <cache> Tag Helper is very cool and useful. However, it stores cache entries in memory in the local process. If the server process restarts, all of the cache content will be lost.
Furthermore, if we have multiple servers, every server gets to have its cache. And that is probably not what you want.
You could use something called sticky sessions. Sticky sessions ensure that subsequent requests from a client all go to the same server.
Another way to deal with inconsistent caching over multiple servers is to use distributed caching. That is why folks at ASP.NET team also made <distributed-cache> Tag Helper. Let's see what is that all about.
Distributed Cache Tag Helper
Why should we use distributed cache at all?
Support higher scaling (when compared to in-memory cache)
using distributed cache offloads the cache memory to an external process
we have coherent data across all of our web servers (users always get the same results, no matter which web server they hit)
cached data does not get lost on server restarts and during deployments
we can remove or add web servers without losing cached data
Now we can talk about that distributed cache Tag Helper we mentioned in the previous chapter.
Distributed Cache Tag Helper behaves almost the same as the CacheTag helper. Every attribute available for <cache> Tag Helper is also available for <distributed-cache> Tag Helper.
However, where Distributed Cache TagHelper differs is that it enables us to inject and use an external cache manager instead of using the default in-memory cache manager.
If you want to store the cached HTML content in distributed cache using SQL Server, Redis or something similar then <distributed-cache> TagHelper is the what you need.
Two cache manager implementations that come with ASP.NET Core MVC for distributed caching are SQL Server and Redis.
Another thing where <distributed-cache> differs is that it requires name attribute.
So how do we use distributed cache actually with TagHelper? It is quite easy, but if we just place the <distributed-cache> Tag Helper in Razor code that will not work.
Example with ASP.NET Core MVC 1.1.
Let us add Redis as our distributed cache manager:
Install and start Redis Add following NuGet package: Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Redis Change the ConfigureServices method by adding the following code:
services.AddDistributedRedisCache(option =>
{
option.Configuration = "localhost";
option.InstanceName = "localRedis";
});
And that is it! From this point, our content inside of <distributed-cache> Tag Helpers should be cached inside of Redis.
Achieving that is even easier with ASP.NET Core 2 since Redis package – Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Redis comes with amazing meta package – Microsoft.AspNetCore.All.
Summary
Getting Around in GIMP - Black and White Conversion (Part 5)
So here we are at the end (not really, but too much more and we'll be just beating a dead horse).
What I feel many of posts become…
My intention at this point is to document some sort of workflow that might prove useful to others (and myself - you'd be surprised at how much I learn writing these posts…). So I'll touch on the final topic I wanted to talk about, blending different bits from various layers and working through a couple of examples.
The rest of the tutorials in this series are here:
If you'll recall in Part 3 of this series, I had created a small Script-Fu to automatically decompose an image into various color component decompositions. I think this is a handy script to use if you're still finding your own workflow for grayscale conversions.
What's nice about it is that it will automatically generate a handful of automatic conversions for you as layers on your image. This way, you can visually inspect the results and find areas from each conversion that you like. Then you can use Layer Masks (you can go review my old Layer Masks tutorial to brush up if you'd like) to isolate specific areas and to blend it with others.
Enough talk, let's dive into an example…
Well, pretty woman, but I couldn't resist a Sweeney Todd reference.
This image is from Flickr user Frank Kovalchek (Alaskan Dude). In trying to get interesting images for these tutorials, I've searched the Creative Commons licensed images on Flickr, and he shows up a lot. Frank, if you read this - thank you for sharing!
So, I thought this might be a nice image to convert. To get a feel for what is possible quickly, I'm going to run my Color Decompose script, which gives me this:
One of the reasons I chose this image is that it allows us to investigate a couple of points mentioned earlier in this series. I want to keep as high a tonal density as possible in the image to help impart a sense of texture and detail. I also want to highlight some parts of the image for their best qualities.
So in this image, I want to keep the texture and detail of the scarf while at the same time to emphasize and accentuate the quality of the models skin. So I want to inspect these results with an eye towards these qualities (this is all highly subjective, of course, but gives us a good place to start from).
So I ask myself:
“Which of these results produces the best quality/texture in the fabric of the scarf?”
I narrowed it down to the Luma Y709F, Luma Y470F, and HSL-L. Of those, I personally like the look of the Luma Y709F. So this becomes my base layer that I will start building on. (Part of the reason is that aesthetically I want focus on the models face, but still retain texture and detail of the scarf around her).
The Luma - Y709F as a “base” layer - chosen for the fabric texture.
At this point I'm more worried about the tones being there rather than a final result. Remember, we're building up the image here, and can make further corrections or enhancements later.
Now I want to consider the model herself. There is fine detail in her skin now, but I'm looking to emphasize her overall. I'd like to get the skin a little brighter and in a higher key, to offset the dark background and the scarf.
I'd also like to get it a little smoother/softer looking. Keeping that in mind, have a look at the different channel decompositions above. Not surprisingly, the Red channel looks quite pretty. This is fairly common that the red channel will be complimentary to (Caucasian) skin. (There's even a trick to using a red channel as an overlay on a color image to “enhance” the skin).
So I'm going to try this and see how I like it. I'll place the Red channel over the Luma Y709F channel, and change the blending mode to Overlay.
Luma Y709F base, with a Red channel over (set to blending mode: Overlay). (Mouseover for comparison).
My Layers should now look like this:
Visually this appears to have a little more impact, but the skin might be blown out a little too much. I could adjust the opacity on the Red layer at this point to attenuate it's influence until I find a result I am happy with.
Remember, part of the reason this may seem to have more impact could be due to a higher contrast at the moment. Sometimes it's best to stand up and look away from the image for a while before committing to a change…
The problem is that the ratio of adjustment between the scarf and the skin might not be what I want. Adjusting the opacity might reduce the effect on the skin, but at the same time will reduce the effect on the scarf by an equal amount. What I need is some way to apply the effect stronger to the scarf or skin.
Well, this is exactly what Layer Masks are for!
I could add a mask to the red channel, then paint in a mask by hand that isolated the face, and gave a little less opacity to the scarf. It's a lot of tedious, detailed work.
If only there were already a grayscale mask that isolated the face and scarf a bit. Wouldn't that be great?
Well, scroll back up and look at the RGB - Blue and RGB - Green layers. One of these looks like they would be great at isolating the face/hair from the scarf!
So that's exactly what I'm going to try. I'll copy one of those channels (I'll try the RGB - Green and see how it looks), and apply it as a layer mask to the RGB - Red channel Overlay.
So, select the RGB - Green channel, and copy it.
Edit → Copy
Add a layer mask to the RGB - Red channel. (You can initialize the mask to white.)
Right-Click Red Layer → Add Layer Mask…
The mask should be automatically selected when you create it (white border), if not, click on the mask to select it.
Then paste the copied RGB - Green layer.
Floating Selection. Anchor the layer by right-clicking on the Floating Selection layer, and choosing Anchor Layer. When you're done, your Layers should look like this: Edit → Paste It should now be athe layer by right-clicking on thelayer, and choosing. When you're done, yourshould look like this:
Now remember, a layer mask will be more transparent the darker the color in it. The lighter areas will show more of the layer it is applied to. So in this case, lighter areas will allow more of the RGB - Red layer to show, while darker areas will show through to the layer below, Luma Y709F.
Our image at this point should look something like this:
Red Overlay masked with the Green channel (mouseover to compare w/o mask).
What this has done is to isolate the models face from the surrounding scarf a bit. You can now modify the opacity of the layer, or adjust the values of the mask using Levels or Curves to adjust the intensity of the result.
You should notice that if you modify the opacity of the RGB - Red layer, the effect will mainly be on the skin of the model thanks to our mask.
Having a look at the results, you'll notice that the scarf has become a little more flat, and the models face has brightened up. I actually like the depth that the Red overlay layer had on the scarf, and think it's a little strong on the models face.
To test something out, I'm going to try Inverting the layer mask. With the RGB - Red layer mask selected (remember - it will have a white outline in the layers window), I'll just invert the colors with:
Colors → Invert
The result should look like this:
Inverted mask results (mouseover to compare the non-inverted mask).
Here's what the layer palette looks like now:
I actually like this result at this point. The overlay and mask added some nice depth to the scarf fabric, and there is still a bit of nice effect on the skin of the model as well. I could go further and adjust the layer mask levels to decrease/increase the masking on the models skin, but I think we can leave this one as is for the moment.
Let's compare the results to a straight desaturation:
Straight Desaturation (mouseover to compare our final result).
A little fussier than a straight desaturation to get here, but I think the results are much nicer and is visually more interesting. I would probably fiddle a bit with the levels of the layer mask to adjust the contribution from the mask to the face/scarf, but this is a good starting point.
Well, this isn't the actual Methuselah, but it is a similar species of Bristlecone Pine (it might be the exact same species, but I'm no botanist). Once again, Flickr user Frank Kovalchek shows up in a CC-BY search for trees!
As before, I started with decomposing the image to different channels to see if there would be any interesting results I liked. I liked the initial result from Luma - Y709F again, but thought I would take a different path this time.
I want the main focus of this image to really be the texture of the gnarled old tree itself, and secondary the lighting of the day across the ground. Inspecting the results of my decomposition, I like the results of the green channel best on the texture of the tree. It is almost the exact same result as from the Luma Y709F.
Green channel of RGB decomposition
The things I personally don't like about the green channel is that the sky is too bright for me, and the ground could be a bit darker compared to the tree. There's also a nice feeling of light on the ground where the sunlight is reflected to the back right of the tree in the image.
Having found a nice layer for the tree texture, I am now looking for something that represents the ground and sky a little closer to what I'd like. I like a slightly darker sky, and for that the Red channel seems like a good compromise (the Blue channel was a little too noisy for me).
On inspection, I also like the Red channel for it's results on the ground near the tree (slightly darker, and retaining the reflection from the sun).
Red channel of RGB decomposition (mouseover to compare to Green channel)
So what I'd like to do is use the Red channel as a base for the sky and ground, and use the Green channel for the tree itself. Once again, layer masks seem like a good approach!
So I'll set my Green channel above my Red channel on my layer palette, and I'll add a layer mask to the Green channel, initialized to Black (full transparency). This lets all of the underlying Red channel show through.
Red channel, with Green channel over + mask
Now with the Layer Mask active (see the white outline in the above image - if it's not active, click on it), I can paint with a white color to allow that portion of the Green channel to show over the Red channel beneath it. Because I want to use the Green channel just for the tree, that is where I will paint.
There are a couple of ways you could produce the mask. As we saw earlier, I could use another channel and fiddle with the levels a bit to really get a good mask, but in this case I felt like painting. I wanted to talk about this because it's a nice way to visually inspect what your masking will do to the image, and you can tweak it as you go. You could use a different color than white to reduce the effect, as well as adjust brush dynamics for a more “painterly” feel and approach.
Here is my quick painted mask, to illustrate:
It's just a quick mask, don't judge me…
And here is what my layers currently look like:
To compare what we've done so far, here are my results from the steps above:
Final blend of Red/Green channels with mask
(mouseover to compare to straight desaturation)
I could call this one done, though there is a bit of noise in the upper-left corner of the sky from the Red channel. I could fix this by adding another layer masked just for the sky (which would allow me to adjust the levels of the sky relative to everything else to taste). I'll leave that as an exercise for the reader, but a good hint would be to start with the Blue channel to build the mask…
As a bonus, I was smart enough this time to actually save my GIMP workspace while I was fiddling with this tree, so I am offering the .xcf file for anyone to use/follow along:
Download the file from my Google Drive:
The filetype is .bz2, and should open in GIMP directly with no problems.
Following the ideas from the phenomenal tutorial by Petteri Sulonen on Digital Black and White, he speaks a bit about grain in B&W images. There are a few different synthetic methods of adding grain to an image, but visually I have also never really been impressed with the results too much.
Petteri was kind enough to make available a grain-field that he processed himself from scanned film. You can apply this as an overlay layer on your image, and adjust opacity to suit. I personally agree with him about grain lending a “structure” to a final image, but it's up to you if you want to include it.
Here is a 100% crop of the image above with the grain field laid over it in Overlay blend mode at 100% opacity:
Petteri's grain field applied (mouseover to compare without)
You can download the full-size png of Petteri's grain field from here:
I could keep doing this all day long, but I'll stop here. I think there's enough information here to begin experimenting and finding a workflow that works well for you. This is an important point - I'm just showing you the methods I've found for conversion, it's up to you to take that info and to make it your own!
Holy crap. That was a seriously long inspection of B&W grayscale conversion in GIMP! We've come a long way since November 14, 2012, when I started writing these. In my head, I honestly believed I could get the entire topic covered in a couple of weeks (as opposed to almost 3 months!).
If you've followed me all the way through these, I feel like I should send you a merit-badge for patience and perseverance! This final installment puts me at just shy of 10,000 words on B&W conversion alone.
I hope in the end that anyone read this has gotten some useful information somewhere.
Britflix: 11 of the best British original series and films on Netflix Henry Northmore
16 February 2017
Share on Google+
Share on Pinterest
Share via email Including The Crown, Black Mirror, iBoy, Katherine Ryan and Frankie Boyle Netflix have shifted their focus from distribution to production in recent years. Now home to some of the best original drama, comedy and movies, most of their content is still sourced from the United States but there's a growing catalogue of quality British Netflix exclusives. So if you are in the mood for some homegrown talent on your telly box read on for our guide to the 11 best British Netflix exclusives.
Black Mirror
Charlie Brooker's satirical sci-fi moved to Netflix for the third series. Brooker remains the head writer with a host of directors and stars (including Bryce Dallas Howard, Alice Eve, Kelly MacDonald and Jerome Flynne) exploring our dark future.
The Crown
Perhaps the most British show on Netflix. Written and created by Peter Morgan (The Queen) The Crown is based on the life of Queen Elizabeth II (played by Claire Foy) and Prince Philip (Matt Smith), from the death of King George VI onwards.
Frankie Boyle: Hurt Liked You've Never Been Loved
Glasgow's most acerbic comic caught live in 2015. There are also three more Frankie Boyle stand-up specials available.
iBoy
Game of Thrones' Maisie Williams and Bill Milner star in this techno thriller about a teenage lad who develops superpowers after a freak accident involving his mobile phone.
Into the Inferno
Mesmerising documentary from visionary film-maker Werner Herzog as he visits some of the most active volcanoes in the world and the people who live in their shadow.
Jimmy Carr: Funny Business
Another Brit stand up special as Carr delivers a solid hour of non stop one-liners.
Katherine Ryan: In Trouble
And let's make that a hat-trick of stand ups with honorary Brit Katherine Ryan (the Canadian moved to the UK in 2008) recorded live at the Hammersmith Apollo.
Lovesick
Slightly confusing as this is actually the second season of sitcom Scrotal Recall (originally on Channel 4) following Dylan (Johnny Flynn) as he tracks down all his past lovers after contracting VD.
My Beautiful Broken Brain
Feature length doc following the life of 34-year-old Lotje Sodderland after a severe stroke. A fascinating look at the complexity of the human mind.
Special Correspondents
Comedy written and directed by Ricky Gervais as a reporter (Eric Bana) and his technician (Gervais) pretend they are covering a war in South America when they are actually holed up in New York.
Virunga
Nominated for Best Documentary Feature Oscar in 2015, Virunga focuses on the dedicated park rangers in the Congo protecting some of the last remaining wild gorillas, as civil war and multinational oil corporations threaten their habitat.
Capitol Police said Monday that it has arrested more than 1,000 people demonstrating for reforms to how Americans vote and campaign in elections.
Police say 1,240 people have been arrested in the last seven days. That includes approximately 300 people on Monday alone on the Capitol's east front steps that lead to the Rotunda.
Protest organizers pegged a higher estimate of at least 1,300 arrests.
Most of the arrested protesters have been charged with unlawful crowding and obstruction.
ADVERTISEMENT
People arrested during the protests include actress Rosario Dawson, multiple top staffers for the liberal Progressive Change Campaign Committee and Lawrence Lessig, a campaign finance reform advocate and Harvard professor who briefly ran for president in this cycle.
Also among those arrested on Monday were the two founders of Ben & Jerry's ice cream, Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield, as well as top officials with the Sierra Club, Greenpeace, the AFL-CIO and NAACP.
Democracy Spring, the group organizing the protests, is calling on Congress to vote on bills to reform campaign finance laws, modernize voter registration and consider President Obama's nominee for the Supreme Court.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE has expressed solidarity with the protests, writing on Twitter last week that "Americans understand that our gov't is dominated by big money. Glad to see people taking action to restore democracy.”
More than 400 people were arrested during the first sit-in on the Capitol's east front plaza last Monday. Multiple protesters also made their way into the Capitol through an official tour last Friday and tied themselves to scaffolding in the Rotunda; 12 were subsequently arrested.
—Updated at 3:44 p.m.
We commonly use the term “soon” when referring to Blizzard releases, because we know that no matter how hard we're working to reach a target, we're not going to compromise and launch a game before it's ready. For Diablo III, we were aiming to launch by the end of 2011. As we're announcing globally today, our new target for the game is early 2012.
While this news might not be a complete surprise, I know that many of you were hopeful that Diablo III would ship this year. We were too. However, this week we pulled together people from all of the teams involved with the game to decide whether we felt it would be ready before the end of December, and we grudgingly came to the conclusion that it would not. Ultimately, we feel that to deliver an awesome Diablo sequel that lives up to our expectations and yours as well, we should take a little more time and add further polish to a few different elements of the game.
The upside of today's announcement is that we will be running the beta test longer than we initially planned, which will allow us to invite more of you who have opted in.
For those taking on the Diableard challenge, we salute you -- and now fear for your well-being and personal hygiene. We hereby issue an official reprieve to all Diableard participants, including Blizzard employees, if you want to trim or otherwise manage the lower half of your face. We'd still love to see your beardly achievements, and we look forward to seeing more of your efforts as we move into 2012, but not to the detriment of your workplaces and significant others.
Thank you everyone for your support and anticipation for Diablo III. We're still moving ahead at full pace, and we'll be keeping you fully informed of any news and developments here at Diablo3.com, including the specific release date when the time comes, so stay tuned.
-Mike Morhaime
On 23 occasions over the past several years, wild dolphins were observed giving gifts to humans at the Tangalooma Island Resort in Australia. The gifts included eels, tuna, squid, an octopus and an assortment of many other types of different fin fish. While these gifts might not be your choice for a gift to find underneath your Christmas tree, some of the items that were offered to humans are highly valued food sources for cetaceans such as dolphins. A report describing this rare form of food sharing behavior in wild dolphins was published on December 4, 2012 in the journal Anthrozoös: A Multidisciplinary Journal of the Interactions of People & Animals.
Food sharing is a fairly common behavior among animals of the same species, but it is a much rarer phenomenon between animals that are from different species. Perhaps one of the best known examples of inter-species food sharing occurs in domesticated cats that have a tendency to drop prey items at their owner's feet. Inter-species food sharing in wild animal populations has not been widely documented in the scientific literature.
There has been one observation of inter-species food sharing in false killer whales, a member of the dolphin family (Delphinidae). During an encounter that National Geographic photographer Flip Nicklin had in Hawaii, a false killer whale swam up to the photographer, released a large mahi mahi from its mouth and backed away. The photographer accepted the gift then, returned the fish to the whale. I suppose that is proper etiquette if a large cetacean offers you food while you're in the water with it.
The wild dolphins that were observed giving gifts to humans in Australia were regular visitors to a provisioning program at the Tangalooma Island Resort. The provisioning program was started in 1992, and each evening staff members from the resort wade into the ocean to feed the wild dolphins fish. The program is regulated by a permit issued by the Queensland Department of Environment and Resource Management.
In 1998, an adult male dolphin named Fred was observed giving a dead moray eel to one of the staff members. Since that first occurrence of gift giving behavior among the Tangalooma dolphins, staff members have documented an additional 22 other events.
Dolphins of diverse ages and both sexes engaged in the gift-giving behavior, and scientists are not entirely sure of what is motivating their behavior. Food sharing in animals is often motivated by an urge to play, a desire to reciprocate food sharing or the belief that the recipient of the food is an incompetent hunter. Based on their detailed observations, the scientists think that gift giving among the wild dolphins at the Tangalooma Island Resort was likely a form of play behavior.
The research was published by Bonnie Holmes and David Neil. They are scientists affiliated with the University of Queensland in Brisbane, Australia. Staff at the Tangalooma Island Resort assisted in collecting the data for the study.
Bottom line: On 23 occasions over the past several years, wild dolphins were observed giving gifts to humans at the Tangalooma Island Resort in Australia. The gifts included eels, tuna, squid, an octopus and an assortment of many other types of different fin fish. A report describing this rare food sharing behavior in wild dolphins was published on December 4, 2012 in the journal Anthrozoös: A Multidisciplinary Journal of the Interactions of People & Animals.
Dolphin hearing system component found in insects
Dolphins sleep with half their brain, can stay awake for at least 2 weeks
Among the circles in which Mr. Ignatieff once traveled, there might be a sense that anybody capable of writing a novel (“Scar Tissue”) that becomes short-listed for the Booker Prize — anybody, for that matter, who had the writer Martin Amis and Michael Palin of Monty Python as guests at his wedding — could figure out a way to jump the queue of Canadian politics.
Even so, his ascendancy puts his country on the cusp of an unusual moment, in some ways a throwback to the era of the dashing Pierre Trudeau, another smart-set intellectual who served as prime minister.
“He was brought in to reinvigorate the liberal brand, to go for the big game right away,” said Nelson Wiseman, a political scientist at the University of Toronto. “I think a lot of the party thought, ‘We need someone who has the intellectual gravitas of Pierre Trudeau.' Like Trudeau, he came in as a fresh figure, but he also had a reputation abroad that Trudeau didn't.”
Mr. Ignatieff has proven savvy enough in his own country. Although his opposition coalition split apart and backed down last week from its efforts to defeat the Conservative government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper, political watchers say that Mr. Ignatieff is probably just biding his time.
“He wants the crown in his own right — not through a coalition but via an election, which most of the pundits think we'll have later this year,” Mr. Wiseman said. “He also wants the Harper administration to have to wear the recession for a while.”
Mr. Ignatieff's rise in Parliament happened fast, he said in an interview in late January. He said that he gave up a lot by leaving behind the private contentment of a serious writer's life to run for office.
“But I'm in here to be serious,” he said, and added: “This is the only place where I can be a participant, not a spectator. I've been a spectator, and now I'm in the boat fishing. That part of it, from a spiritual point of view, it feels good.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A FEW years ago, a survey conducted by Foreign Policy magazine and Prospect, a British journal, ranked Mr. Ignatieff as the 37th-most influential “public intellectual” in the world (the Nigerian writer Chinua Achebe was 38th). Although the clauses “for a Canadian” or, now, “for a politician” are often attached, people almost always describe Mr. Ignatieff as glamorous. Maclean's magazine once named him Canada's “Sexiest Cerebral Man.” He was famous in London during the 1980s and 1990s when he was the host of a television talk show devoted to books and ideas. He was a sort of Anglophone version of Bernard-Henri Lévy, but with a pedigree and without the money or aversion to shirt-buttoning.
Mr. Ignatieff's big-time ambition is so much a part of his public identity that he often scores points by making fun of it himself. At a recent address to a group of 700 business leaders, he opened with a shout-out to a member of the audience who, he kindly noted, had run against him for his parliamentary seat. “And I beat him,” Mr. Ignatieff said, after a nicely timed comedic pause. The crowd laughed heartily.
Mr. Ignatieff's life story is positively novelistic in its detail. His father, George Ignatieff, was a Canadian diplomat, and his grandfather and great-grandfather were both Russian counts who served as cabinet ministers in the czarist government. His mother's brother, George Grant, was a famous political philosopher.
Mr. Ignatieff held the captainship of his boarding-school soccer team, produced a Harvard dissertation that involved spending nights watching over state prison inmates in Massachusetts and has written more than a dozen books: political tracts, three novels, a family history, a biography of his former mentor Isaiah Berlin, and — mobilized by what he saw in the Balkans — several books about human rights and intervention.
In 2004, when he was serving as the director of Harvard's Carr Center for Human Rights Policy, Mr. Ignatieff was visited by three strategists from Canada's Liberal wing who were leading an effort to infuse a party weakened by scandal with new blood. “It was a bolt from the blue,” he recalled, when during dinner they asked him to consider coming back to run for office.
Photo
“The chance to be in the arena was pretty irresistible,” he said.
It was simultaneously of a piece with his background and somewhat incongruous. “My dad worked for four prime ministers,” he said. “I grew up in a house where public service was something you ought to do. But elected public service my father thought of with horror, because he knew how brutal it was.”
In seeking his party's leadership position in 2006 and 2008, Mr. Ignatieff ran both times against Bob Rae, a longtime politician who happened to be one of his best friends; they had been roommates at the University of Toronto.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“It was difficult running against Bob — we are old, old friends, and our dads were in the foreign service together, ” Mr. Ignatieff said.”
In 2006, neither was elected leader, but in 2008, Mr. Rae bowed out of the contest at the last minute to throw his support to Mr. Ignatieff.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We had some very emotional conversations,” Mr. Rae said in an interview in Toronto. “My feeling was that Michael had the support of the small and influential group of party officials who were voting — these were special, last-minute circumstances — but that if it had been a broader election throughout the party, I'd have won.”
To this, Mr. Ignatieff said, “We'll never know, because Bob pulled out of the race, because he made a very fine gesture.”
Mr. Ignatieff's friend Leon Wieseltier, the literary editor of The New Republic, described him as “a genuinely introspective individual,” but said that in the more than two decades he has been editing him, he had never heard mention of an interest in running for office. “He is, in spirit, a humanist, not a politician,” he said.
Mr. Wieseltier added: “When I would see Michael, he and I would stroll arm in arm around Covent Garden singing — poorly, of course — some of the great quintet in the first act of ‘Così Fan Tutte.' There was in him a hunger for intellectual authority and for a certain degree of social recognition, but it was never about power."
While Mr. Ignatieff is blessed with many attributes that an elected official is supposed to possess — poise, focus and an instinct for self-preservation — he has a number of other traits that probably wouldn't play on an American stage.
He has openly acknowledged, without much self-censorship, regret over his initial support of the Iraq war and has movingly — if painfully — wrung his hands in print, most notably in The New York Times Magazine, over both the decision and his ensuing volte-face.
In Canada, he has faced criticism for his stance on the war, not simply because of all the agonizing, but because, as Andrew Potter wrote in a 2006 issue of Maclean's, “his arguments reek of the necessary compromises you need to make as a liberal in the U.S.”
In fact, over the years, Mr. Ignatieff has been very plain about his affinity for a country not his own. In 2002, writing in Granta, a literary magazine, he discussed his youthful opposition to the Vietnam War: “I loved my own country, but I believed in America in a way that Canada never allowed. I was against the war because I thought it betrayed something essential about the country. I marched because I believed in Jefferson and Lincoln.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Considering those words now over tea and biscuits in Toronto, Mr. Ignatieff said, “There are moments when I've identified passionately with America, and there are moments of total recoil.” (The invasion of Iraq, he said, came to encompass both feelings.)
“I think I've always felt passionately and proudly Canadian, and the way I prove that is that I've never sought another passport,” he said, then smiled as he added that he keeps a statue of Thomas Jefferson in his study.
Charges of carpetbagging — Mr. Ignatieff and his second wife, Zsuzsanna Zshoar, moved into a condominium in an area of Toronto that he doesn't represent — and impatience to rise to the top have also provided red meat to conservatives and Canadian tabloids.
David Rieff, an American friend and author, said: “Canada, like a lot of culturally small countries, has an ambivalent relationship with countrymen who leave and make it big in the United States or in Europe. He's considered a celebrity at home, and they're very proud of him, but there's also some graceless carping. It's tall-poppy syndrome.”
MR. IGNATIEFF'S next book, “True Patriot Love: Four Generations in Search of Canada,” will be published in late April, on the eve of a possible federal election. He described it as an exploration of Canadian identity — his, as well as those of his grandfather, father and children (he has two).
“Every generation, they are all obsessed with the idea of how to maintain a Canadian empire in the face of America, this behemoth right next door.”
The empress has no clothes or, at least, not the clothes in which so many want to robe her. Despite all the praise, Mrs Thatcher did not arrest British economic decline, launch an economic transformation or save Britain. She did, it is true, re-establish the British state's capacity to govern. But then, although she wanted to trigger a second industrial revolution and a surge of new British producers, she used the newly won state authority to worsen the very weaknesses that had plagued us for decades. The national conversation of the last six days has been based on a fraud. If the Thatcher revolution had been so transformatory, our situation today would not be so acute.
In the 20 years up to 1979, Britain's growth rate averaged 2.75%, although it had been weakening during the ills of the mid-1970s. In the years before the banking crisis, there was a vexed debate about whether the Thatcher reforms, essentially unchallenged by Blair and Brown, had succeeded in restoring the long-run growth rate to earlier levels. Certainly, the gap in per capita incomes between Britain, France and Germany had narrowed, as, apparently, had the productivity gap.
The question is whether any of it was sustainable. Now, there is a growing and dismaying recognition that too much growth in the past 30 years has been built on an unsustainable credit, banking and property bubble and that Britain's true long-run growth rate has fallen to around 2%. The productivity gap is widening. All that heightened inequality, the unbelievable executive remuneration, wholesale privatisation, taking "the shackles off business" and labour market flexibility has achieved nothing durable.
This bitter realisation has been sharpening in non-conservative circles for some months. The pound has fallen by 20% in real terms since 2008, yet the response of our export sector to the most sustained competitive advantage since we came off the gold standard has been disastrously weak. Britain's trade deficit in goods climbed to 6.9% of GDP in 2012 – the highest since 1948 – and February's numbers were cataclysmically bad. Britain simply does not have enough companies creating goods and even services that the rest of the world wants to buy, despite devaluation.
The legion of Mrs Thatcher's apologists argues she can hardly be blamed for what is happening 23 years after leaving office. But economic transformations should be enduring, shouldn't they? Thatcherism did not deliver because dynamic capitalism is achieved through a much more subtle interplay. She never understood that a complex ecosystem of public and private institutions is needed to support risk-taking, the creation of open innovation networks, sustained long-term investment and sophisticated human capital. Believing in the magic of markets and the inevitable destructiveness of the state, she never addressed these core issues. Instead, the demand for high financial returns steadily rose through her period of office, along with executive pay, even while investment and innovation sank. And the trends continued because none of her successors dared challenge what she had started.
Instead, her targets were trade unions and state-owned enterprise in the ideological project of brutally asserting the primacy of markets and the private sector, and thus a conservative hegemony, in the name of a fierce patriotism. This was real enough: she really did want to put Britain back on the map economically and politically and the task force sailing for the Falklands embodied the intensity of that impulse. But she did not pull it off, as even she acknowledged, in her more honest moments out of office.
Trade unions certainly needed the Thatcher treatment in terms of both accepting the rule of law and the need for responsibilities alongside their rights. But companies, shareholders, banks and wider finance also needed this treatment. But as "her people" and part of the hegemonic alliance she aimed to create, they would never get the same medicine. Instead, her Big Bang in 1986, allowing banks worldwide to combine investment and commercial banking in London, was a monster sweetheart deal to please her own constituency. Britain became the centre of a global financial boom, but at home this meant an intensification of the financial system's dysfunctionality, helped by little regulation and a self-defeating credit boom, worsening the anti-investment, short-termist that needed to be reformed. This is now obvious to all. But for nearly 30 years, the apparent success of Thatcherism hid the need.
However, in one serious respect, trade unions were a proper target. By the late 1970s, a handful of trade union leaders in effect co-ran the country, the beneficiaries of the failure of successive governments to bring free collective bargaining into a legal framework. This despite the fact that they could not deliver their members to agreed policies, and the third year of an incomes policy had collapsed. On this question, the Labour party was intellectually exhausted and politically bankrupt; the Conservative government under Heath had been defeated too. It had become a first order crisis of governability, even of democracy.
This was her opportunity and she seized it . The early employment acts and the victory over Arthur Scargill's NUM decisively reaffirmed that the fount of political power in the country is Parliament, at the time a crucial intervention. But she wildly overshot. Trade unions within a proper framework are a vital means of expressing employee voice and protecting worker interests. Labour market flexibility – code for deunionisation and removal of worker entitlements – has become another Thatcherite mantra that again hides the complexity of what is needed in the labour market: employee voice and engagement, skills and adaptability. When she left office, 64% of UK workers had no vocational qualifications.
The best thing that can be said about Thatcherism is that it may have been a necessary, if mistaken, staging post on the way to our economic reinvention. She resolved the crisis of governance but then demonstrated that simple anti-statism and pro-market solutions do not work. We need to do more sophisticated things than control inflation, reduce public debt, roll back the state and assert "market forces".
The coalition government is developing new-look industrial strategies, reforming the banking system and reintroducing the state – as a vital partner – into areas such as energy. New thinking is emerging everywhere. For example, in the north-east of England an economic commission chaired by Lord Adonis, of which I was a member, recently recommended the de facto reintroduction of the metropolitan authority in Newcastle, abolished by Mrs Thatcher. It would co-ordinate a pan-north-east redoubling of investment in skills and transport, along with winning more investment. And it wants the local economic partnership to work in the same building as the proposed new combined authority, driving forward an innovation and investment revolution. This complex interaction of private and public the commission is trying to develop is a world away from Thatcher – and widely welcomed.
The empress really has no clothes. Wednesday's funeral is a tribute to the myth and the conservative hegemony she created. If the royal family is concerned, as is reported, that the whole affair will be over the top, they are right. Mrs Thatcher capitalised on a moment of temporary ungovernability that, to her credit, she resolved, then sold her party and country an oversimple and false prospectus. The landslide Mr Blair won in 1997 was to challenge it, but he did not understand at the time, nor understand now, what his mandate meant. The force of events is at last moving us on. But Britain has been weakened, rather than strengthened, by the revolution she wreaked. • This article will be opened for comments on Sunday morning
What will maverick designer Swery, real name Hidetaka Suehiro, make next? How will he follow the Twin Peaksy eccentricity of Deadly Premonition, or the dizzyingly off centre D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die? More to the point: is he okay?
A year-and-a-half ago Swery signed off work to recover from reactive hypoglycemia, which is when blood glucose levels become dangerously low following meals. Then in November last year he retired from the studio he co-founded 14 years earlier: Access Games.
Swery told people not to worry, that he'd be back "to make games that are better and more awesome than ever before" - but was he putting a brave face on it?
Apparently not; in January, Swery announced his new studio White Owls, an independent maker of "bizarre, scary, grotesque and dreamlike" games.
But what are those games? I asked Swery during his cheeky - in more ways than one - Reboot Develop talk in Croatia last week. He paused, considering his answer, then spoke.
"He can't say much about the new project," his translator relayed, "but basically it's perverted, violent and crazy."
#rebootdevelop @Swery65 opening his heart (and ours) like no one else can pic.twitter.com/IFuEl1UQZ2 — We Are MÃ¼esli (@WeAreMuesli) April 21, 2017
Swery said earlier in his talk one of his new games will feature cats. "I can't tell you the details but one of the games is a game that features cats," his translator relayed.
Exactly how many games White Owls is working on isn't clear, although there does seem to be one main project - a project Swery began working on in January.
He isn't alone: White Owls now numbers six people - but Swery asked us not to photograph the slide showing the team, suggesting a secret needs keeping for now.
Swery appeared in high spirits and apparent good health throughout, cracking jokes and big smiles as he reflected upon his past year - sharing quirky statistics such as how much beer he had drunk (an estimated 450 litres), what he had gained ("hope and possibilities") and what he had lost ("a parent company that was as greedy as a pig").
His illness went into remission in April 2016, but he was sworn off work by his doctor until the autumn. In which time he wrote a draft of his book - described as like Deadly Premonition but set in England, written from the perspective of a cat - and earned a licence to be a chief priest of Buddhism. Because of course, because he is Swery.
But what does he think about the label Western press often give him of being 'weird'?
"Arigatou," he replied and giggled. It means 'thank you' in Japanese. Yet behind the good humour are method and fastidiousness.
"He's always worried," his translator relayed. "He's always worried about everything he works on, whether or not people will enjoy it or understand it the way he wants them to. But he always makes sure that in the very core of the game he has some kind of confidence that 'yeah this is going to be good' - he works really hard to make sure that that stays how he wants it to."
A lot of his inspiration apparently comes from daily life, from mundane things.
"Before coming to Croatia he stopped in Turkey for a little bit," his translator relayed, "and he was walking around and in all the store windows he saw these very strange mannequins.
"There was one store window where there were all these mannequins but only one of the mannequins was completely gold."
Swery paused and then in English added: "Weird."
The best PC gaming controllers From Jelly Deals: our top picks for the best PC gaming controllers.
In good humor about changes, games, body tattoos, cats, coffee, beer, and sooo much more from @Swery65 â�¤ï¸�â�¤ï¸�â�¤ï¸� #rebootdevelop pic.twitter.com/QyzqCwjF9q — Ana Jembrek (@Chani_Atreides) April 21, 2017
When Swery sees things such as the mannequins he "absolutely" notes them down.
"He has three different types of notes," his translator relayed. "The first type of notes deal with appearance, how people look - if he sees someone who looks in a certain way. The second are people's motivations, what drives them. And the third is personality, if they do weird things, like someone who's really obsessed with miso soup."
Nevertheless, sometimes Swery goes too far - particularly where publishers are concerned.
"That happened with Deadly Premonition," his translator relayed, "which is why it was cancelled four times. Eventually he did have to change a lot about it."
When you hear what changed, you'll understand why.
"The original script for Deadly Premonition centred around a killer who raped and then ate his victims," his translator relayed. "Obviously that's something only an insane person would write, which is why he had to change it."
What a re-energised and unmuted Swery can conjure with White Owls remains to be seen. A section for "VR" on the White Owls website suggests he's exploring virtual reality too.
Whatever comes out will be distinct, and we wouldn't have it any other way.
Podiatry in Sports: Sabres' Eichel Suffering from High Ankle Sprain
The Buffalo Sabres were greeted with some unfortunate news on the eve of the 2016-17 regular season when it was announced that budding superstar forward Jack Eichel had suffered a high ankle sprain in practice.
“You expect to have to deal with injuries throughout the year,” Sabres coach Dan Bylsma said. “It's one we are going to have to deal with, whatever the extent of the situation is. Our team is not just Jack Eichel, it's not just Ryan O'Reilly.”
The No. 2 overall pick in the 2015 NHL Draft, Eichel finished last season with 56 points, including a team-best 24 goals, and was expected to play a major role in elevating Buffalo out of the cellar of the Eastern Conference this season.
According to TSN's Bob McKenzie, the initial prognosis is that Eichel will miss a minimum of four to six weeks, but that kind of timeline is uncertain with this injury.
When a high ankle sprain occurs, there is the potential for several structures to be damaged. These include the syndesmotic ligaments that connect the tibia to the fibula, as well as a tissue known as the interosseous membrane.
At Delray Beach Podiatry, Dr. Ian S. Goldbaum, a podiatric physician and surgeon with over 30 years of experience, has seen numerous high-ankle sprains throughout his tenure in medicine and can offer some insight into Eichel's situation based on the information currently available.
High ankle sprains are described as high because they are located above the ankle. They are caused by an outward twisting of the foot and ankle and comprise approximately 15% of all ankle sprains.
According to Dr. Goldbaum, the severity of this injury often depends on how many of these structures are damaged and recovery times can vary from a few weeks to a few months.
High ankle sprains are graded on a scale of 1–3 based on their severity:
Grade 1 (Mild): In mild cases, the ligaments are somewhat stretched, resulting in joint stiffness, muscle weakness or tightness with reduced balance and joint awareness. It takes approximately six weeks for ligaments to fully heal from a Grade 1 sprain.
Grade 2 (Moderate): In moderate cases, there is significant ligament stretching and sometimes partial tearing. It is far more painful than a mild sprain and can make it difficult to walk. A recovery time of 6 to 12 weeks can be expected.
Grade 3 (Severe): In severe cases, the ligament can completely rupture. There is severe swelling, extensive bruising, and immense pain felt with a Grade 3 sprain. In most cases, a patient will need a screw inserted into their ankle to stabilize the area while it heals. A recovery time of 3 to 6 months can be expected.
As a rookie, Edmonton Oilers forward Taylor Hall missed eight weeks with a high ankle sprain, prematurely ending his season. In 2015, Columbus Blue Jackets defenseman Ryan Murray missed approximately three weeks with a high ankle sprain of his own.
Given the initial recovery timetable of 4-6 weeks, it's more than likely that Eichel is suffering from a Grade 2 sprain, which means that there could be some minor ligament tearing.
“Looking at his current timetable and the fact that he apparently doesn't need surgery, I'd say there's a good chance he's suffering from a Grade 2 sprain and should be fine when he returns to action,” said. Dr. Goldbaum. “That being said, these types of sprains are often hard to predict given the stunted healing properties in the high-ankle area.
“If he is, in fact, suffering from a less severe sprain, then it's very possible he could start rehabbing in only a few weeks. Although the area won't fully heal for at least six weeks, he could return to the ice far sooner than that and continue playing through the healing process. That is, like I said, if it's only a moderate, Grade 1 sprain.”
As for treatment, R.I.C.E. (rest, ice, compression and elevation) will play a large role in Eichel's recovery. Additionally, ultrasound technology, injections, laser therapy and PRP could be used to expedite the recovery process.
In recent years, platlet-rich plasma (PRP) is being used far more frequently because of its effectiveness in the treatment of injuries such as ankle fractures and sprains. PRP is plasma that contains more platelets than what is typically found in blood. These platelets contain hundreds of proteins called growth factors, which are very important in the healing of injuries.
“We take the patients blood and we spin it,” Dr. Goldbaum said of the PRP process. “We take out the plasma part, which has all of the growth factors, so we can get it to heal faster. I'm not sure if that's what they're going to use with (Eichel), but that's a big deal today.”
—
Follow Delray Beach Podiatry on Twitter @Delray_Podiatry
The content on this website is for informational purposes only. Do not rely or act upon information from www.DelrayBeachPodiatry.com without seeking professional medical advice. If you live in South Florida and would like a consultation with Dr. Ian Goldbaum, a podiatric physician and surgeon with over 30 years of experience, please see our contact information below:
BOCA/DELRAY
16244 S. Military Trail #290, Delray Beach, FL 33484
561-499-0033
BOYNTON BEACH
8198 Jog Road #100, Boynton Beach, FL 33472
561-499-0033
Asda has reported another quarter of poor trading as like-for-like sales slumped 5.7% in the first three months of 2016.
The supermarket chain's American parent company, Walmart, admitted that price cuts had failed to stop customers defecting to rivals such as the discounters Aldi and Lidl.
Asda adds Yorkshire grit to low prices, but renewal won't be a piece of cake Read more
“The UK continues to struggle, due primarily to fierce competition,” said Walmart's chief financial officer, Brett Biggs. “Improvements in price and product availability throughout the quarter were not enough to overcome traffic and food volume declines in our large format stores.”
Asda's performance was a slight improvement on the 5.8% decline in underlying sales suffered in the final quarter of 2015, which was its worst-ever quarterly sales fall. Asda has now reported seven consecutive quarters of declining sales.
Asda is battling the rise of the discounters and stronger performances from its major rivals Tesco, Sainsbury's and Morrisons. While profits at all four supermarket chains have come under pressure, Asda had opted to defend its bottom line rather than its market share.
But with the retailer's market share down from 17.3% two years ago to 16% today, according to Kantar Worldpanel, Asda chief executive Andy Clarke has been forced into action.
In a presentation to investors, Biggs revealed that the number of shoppers visiting Asda had declined 5% during the 13 weeks to 30 March. The average amount shoppers spent – another measure of performance – was also down 0.7%. The combination meant that it was a less profitable quarter than the same period a year ago.
“Asda has lost its low-price crown to players like Aldi and Lidl and, despite its best efforts to regain ground, has found one of its key points of differentiation undermined,” said Conlumino analyst Neil Saunders. “It has been hard for Asda to mitigate and offset its losses to the discounters with gains from other players.”
To win back shoppers Clarke has embarked on “project renewal” – an overhaul of the business designed to “simplify and strengthen the customer offer, reduce costs and drive sales”. This year 750 jobs have gone in its stores and head office as it looks to streamline operations.
The under-pressure Clarke, who broke with the usual tradition of holding a press briefing to discuss performance, is focusing the retailer's financial power on making its big stores more appealing to shoppers. To that end it has put the brakes on new business channels such as opening click and collect points in petrol and railway stations and targeting small store openings in London.
Instead Asda will refurbish 95 of its biggest stores, some of whose floor space is being handed over to retailers such as the French sportswear company Decathlon, this year. Changes are also taking place behind the scenes with the closure of staff canteens and the removal of services such as photo-processing and pizza-making to cut costs. Savings that had already been made were being invested back in the business, said Biggs.
The supermarket is pulling up to a fifth of its products from the shelves as part of a review of its 40,000 lines. Tesco carried out a similar exercise last year in the face of customer defections to the low-cost, low-choice Aldi and Lidl, which typically stock fewer than 2,000 products. Clarke has also promised a fresh wave of price cuts as it tries to narrow the gap with the German discounters.
“If Asda was a ship it is one that is limping back to port having been torpedoed by smaller and more agile competition,” said Phil Dorrell, a consultant at Retail Remedy. “Trying to maintain its position on price alone is simply not working, which it should have realised several quarters ago.”
The sales torpor at Asda has led to questions about Clarke's future. After six years in the job he is the longest serving chief executive of the big four grocers, with last year's hiring of Sainsbury's retail and operations director, Roger Burnley, who arrives in the autumn, pointing to a changing of the guard.
Rob Lowe I'm Not Rob Pelinka! But If I Were ...
Rob Lowe Says He's NOT Lakers GM Rob Pelinka, But If He Was ...
EXCLUSIVE
They look pretty identical, but Rob Lowe is finally setting the record straight -- telling TMZ Sports he's NOT new Lakers GM Rob Pelinka ... but he knows what he would do if he was!
The resemblance is uncanny and people in L.A. have been talking about it ever since Pelinka got the job ... so when we saw Lowe in L.A. on Monday, we asked him if they were separated at birth.
"How do you know I'm NOT the Lakers new GM?"
But Lowe is a big sports guy -- and says he's given real thought about what he would do if he was running the Lake Show ... even knows who he would draft.
Advertisement
In a heartwarming tale, a daughter decided to give her dad, who had never walked along a beach let alone stayed in a hotel before, the trip of a lifetime to say thank you for all the sacrifices he had made over the years.
Polish-born Iwona Pinkowicz, who lives in London, secretly booked the long haul adventure to Singapore, Bali, Lombok and the Gili Islands in Indonesia so her hard-working dad, Marian, could witness all of the places he had been talking about for years but had never been able to visit.
Paying for his first long haul ticket, hotels, souvenirs and food, the digital marketer booked the 16-day trip for November last year and kept the whole thing as a total surprise for the 60-year-old who lives in a rural Polish village.
One daughter decided to give her dad, who had never walked along a beach or stayed in a hotel before, the trip of a lifetime, to say thank you for all the sacrifices he had made over the years
Polish-born Iwona Pinkowicz secretly booked the long haul adventure to Singapore, Bali, Lombok and the Gili Islands in Indonesia so her hard-working dad, Marian, could witness all of the places he had been talking about for years. Pictured is Marian cycling around Gili Trawangan
After the plan was revealed to a shocked Marian, the factory worker, Iwona and her fiancé set off for his first long haul expedition
After the plan was revealed to a shocked Marian, the factory worker, Iwona and her fiancé set off for his first long-haul expedition.
'My dad is very conservative and often doesn't show his emotions but when we told him about the trip he was overjoyed! I remember one of the first things he asked was 'why have you spent so much money on me?' which is typical of him!' Iwona told MailOnline Travel.
'After the initial shock he told me that, although he might not show much excitement on the surface, deep down he was overwhelmed and extremely thankful to my fiancé and I for our generosity.'
Daughter Iwona Pinkowicz (pictured) said her passion for travelling and desire to discover new places and cultures comes from her dad and treated him to an adventure he never thought was possible
The trip saw him step on a long haul flight for the first time. The only other time he had been on a flight was for a quick flight to visit his daughters in London previously
Being from a small rural village in south-east Poland, travelling was out of reach for many, but Iwona decided to help him realise his dreams. Pictured is Marian trying a motorbike in Lombok
Apart from a quick flight to visit his daughters in London, this would be the first time Marian would set foot on a plane.
'He experienced his first long-haul flight, first night's sleep in a hotel and first bout of jet lag in the first 24 hours!' Iwona said.
'Everyone on board was able to watch movies and listen to music, but my dad couldn't do this as he doesn't understand English!'
The trip started with a two-night stay in Singapore, before luckily managing to avoid the volcanic ash cloud from Mount Rinjani to reach Bali.
For Marian, who worked full-time in an industrial sheet metal factory doing manual work and roof repairing, this would also be the first time he would experience spa treatments, walking along a beach and seeing sunsets over the sea.
Iwona said Marian is great man who has worked hard throughout his life, sometimes holding down two jobs at the same time to provide for the family, and she felt she owed it to him to walk along a beach for the first time. Pictured is Marian walking along the beach for the first time in Gili Trawangan
For Marian, who worked full-time in an industrial sheet metal factory doing manual work and roof repairing, this was the first time he experienced spa treatments, walking along a beach and sunsets over the sea. Pictured is Marian relaxing in their luxury Bali hotel
The trip incorporated a trip to Bali, Lombok and the Gili Islands in Indonesia. Pictured is Marian stroking a cat in Gili Trawangan
It would also be a break where the family man could get a much deserved relax in a paradisal setting, having spent most of his life working 5am to 10pm double shifts at work.
And forget scrimping and watching the pennies, among Marian's first hotel experiences was five-star accommodation in Bali.
'I couldn't quite believe my eyes when I saw my dad sunbathing for the first time and his face was a picture as we were crashing through the waves on his first ever speedboat trip!' Iwona said.
'He also experienced his first rooftop cocktail at Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, saw certain wildlife in the flesh for the first time (including wild monkeys blocking roads in Lombok) and absorbed a completely foreign culture strolling through temples in Bali.
'My dad had never really tried much Asian cuisine before the trip either, but he's a big fan of it now!'
The whole trip came as a total surprise for the 60-year-old, who lives in a rural Polish village, and has never travelled beyond the country for a holiday. Pictured is Marian cooling himself down in the Bali heat
Forget scrimping and watching the pennies, among Marian's first hotel experiences was five-star accommodation in Bali
The trip provided Marian with the opportunity to witness first-hand the places he had dreamed of from watching TV
After Bali the trio did a day trip from Gili T to Lombok, where they rented scooters and rode them around the island. Following this they headed back to Bali for one night before flying back to Singapore for a final night there before heading back to London.
The trip provided Marian with the opportunity to witness first-hand the places he had dreamed of from watching the Discovery and National Geographic channels from the comfort of his small-town home in Przemysl in south-east Poland.
'My dad loves watching engineering, travel or wildlife programmes, he loves them all,' Iwona said.
'His memory is incredible and he has a great ability to absorb information and facts about various subjects from what he watches. He always seems to surprise me with interesting facts about something whenever we speak.'
Iwona said it was an amazing feeling watching her dad seeing and doing things for the first time, as she had been lucky enough to travel to countries like the Philippines, Japan, USA, Australia and Israel
Simple things that many people take for granted like relaxing by the swimming pool were an incredible experience for the dedicated family man
The 32-year-old marketing worker, who also does photography in her spare time, moved to London when she was 19 in hope of creating a better future for herself and her family.
Iwona said: 'My dad is an easy-going person and it was really special spending such precious time together in breathtaking locations.
'The trip was special not because of where it was but because of what it was, a treat for someone dear to me.
'I want the message to be that if anyone has the means and the opportunity to be able to treat their closest friends and family they should do it.
'It's one of the best feelings in the world. I hope our story will inspire others to do the same.'
Sherman's radio-friendly brand of upbeat folk/pop has always appealed to a large demographic. After releasing his 2009 debut "Honey For Bees”, Sherman took his engaging performances to stages ranging from the Vancouver Olympics to Australia's Woodford Folk Festival, earning international radio play. His highly anticipated second release "The Sun In Your Eyes", recorded with his band The Ambiguous Case, was awarded MusicNL's 'Pop/Rock Recording of the Year' and earned him Newfoundland and Labrador's 'SOCAN Songwriter of the Year' distinction as well as an ECMA nomination for Group Recording of the Year. The album's first single 'Thick as Thieves' won him CBC's inaugural Searchlight Prize as Canada's Best New Artist, while increasing his profile as a touring act and garnering an even broader fan base.
Sherman's latest venture zeroes in on the ordinary; the day to day. Whether it's letting loose in a local dance hall, people-watching from the front porch, or playing with love in an out-of-the-way gas station - the songs on this album offer a thoughtful commentary on what it might be like to push beyond what is merely comfortable. The characters help the listener find solace in song.
Horn-heavy with strings throughout, Sherman's latest release, 'The New Beautiful', moves through moments of pure 70s nostalgia, while at other times embraces the folk and country roots Sherman cut his teeth on. Fans of his first two albums will be happy to hear familiar character-driven songs, but will no doubt notice a new musical exploration. Downey delves into straight-up keys-pop before switching into gritty up-close-and-personal meandering on parlour guitar or piano; strings and electric guitar sweep in to carry you giddily through the album. This collection of songs may very well be a response to the departure of Downey's bandmates and to the new territory in which he finds himself; an answer to ‘Now what?' and ‘What if?'.
While in the studio, producer Daniel Ledwell sat with Sherman to listen to an eclectic variety of musical samplings taken from each of their collections. From Rodriguez to Roxy Music, Beirut to Billy Joel, with Neil Young, Wilco, Jim Sullivan and Roger Miller thrown in the mix, Downey moves enthusiastically into new sonic territory.
Updates coming soon.
Daniel Ricciardo doesn't believe there will be much difference between the on-track action seen in the upcoming 2017 Formula 1 season than there was during last year's championship.
F1 has introduced a new set of chassis regulations for the 2017 season, which have created larger and more aggressive looking cars that are several seconds faster than their predecessors thanks to the higher levels of downforce produced by the new aerodynamic devices. This has led to fears that there will be fewer overtaking moves and less exiting racing.
But in a wide-ranging interview with the Australia-based EFTM website, Ricciardo expressed his belief that the action will be at a similar level to the 2016 season, although he explained that the higher downforce levels could lead to some drivers struggling to get through the hotter events at peak performance.
He said: “I don't think there will be a whole lot of difference with the racing itself. Obviously we're going to be lapping quicker but will that mean more overtaking or more action, incidents, [and] mistakes? I don't know; I'm not sure.
“Hopefully it is at least as good, but we'll see. I think if it is as fast as the hot races in particular will be really physical, and maybe if you get some drivers that aren't as well prepared as others you might see towards the end of the race a little bit of action.”
By opening up the chassis regulations to allow greater aero freedom, F1 allowed the teams to pursue new paths in pursuit of downforce. Several squads – of which Ricciardo's Red Bull team is one – opted to reintroduce the shark fin engine covers last seen in F1 in 2010. Other teams, including Mercedes, Ferrari, Haas F1 and Williams, have added another small aero device – dubbed the ‘T-wing' – in front of the rear wing.
These structures have not been particularly well received by some F1 fans and paddock observers, but Ricciardo described how he would welcome ugly innovations so long as they added speed to his car.
He said: [The] T-wing is new. I've never heard or seen this – maybe people knew about this before, I don't know, but I've never seen it.
“The shark fin, I think Red Bull ran it a few years ago when Mark Webber was around, Mark and Seb [Vetttel]. It looks ok - I'm kind of like ‘as long as it's fast, it can look like anything'.
“But they look interesting. I think most people say that the shark fin is not as attractive as the curve at the end of the [engine cover], but the T-wing is interesting, for sure. It kind of looks like a weather radar – one of those things that you see on top of some of the trucks. It looks a bit weird, but whatever.”
Living and laughing with Max Verstappen
One of the most anticipated stories of the 2017 season is expected to be the evolving relationship between Ricciardo and his team-mate Max Verstappen, who is starting his first full season with Red Bull after joining the team ahead of the 2016 Spanish Grand Prix.
The pair currently has a positive and friendly relationship, but that could be put under pressure if regular chances of race wins crop up or a world championship battle intensifies.
But, with no sign of tension so far, Ricciardo described how they get on within the Red Bull environment.
He said: “We try and keep it fun, for sure. It's business but at the same time it's a big part of our life so we have to find the fun moments and the more relaxed moments in it otherwise we'd probably be bored of it.
“Max is good. I certainly see some things, like – I'm still pretty immature – but he'll laugh at things that I'm like ‘it's not that funny'. So that's where he's definitely young.
“But it's cool. We've got a good environment and Red Bull have got a good way of letting us be who we are as well. They don't try and control us and say ‘say this or do this' – within reason of course.”
Watch the full Ricciardo video interview with EFTM's Trevor Long below
Put this one in the "weird but true" pile - researchers at Erlangen University in Germany have managed to dump the contents of a Galaxy Nexus's RAM... which doesn't sound exciting. Except for the fact that the phone had a PIN-protected lockscreen and encrypted internal storage. The technique used, known as "FROST" (clever acronym there, guys), has been demonstrated on computers before.
Step 1.) put the (powered-on, if it's off you lose the valuable RAM contents) phone in a really, really cold freezer. Step 2.) develop software that allows you to dump the active memory from an Android smartphone via USB (you might want to do this before step one). Step 3.) Pull the battery (or turn the phone off, though this may cause issues), boot into fastboot, run the dump software, and voila - data stolen.
The trick here is more physics than computer hacking - while RAM is a volatile storage medium (it requires an electrical current to maintain the data it stores), it's not in the "on/off" switch sort of way you might think. When the RAM loses power, it maintains the integrity of the data it stores for a brief time. At room temperature, this is usually a couple of seconds. At 5 degrees Fahrenheit, though, the level of resistance in the memory's circuitry is reduced, magic happens, and the data is retained for a longer amount of time. In this case, around six seconds, which is the enough time to dump the contents of the RAM over USB.
The researchers claim they can go a step further and recover the device's decryption keys in RAM, but actually using those keys to any effect would require an unlocked bootloader. Is this something you should be concerned about? Probably not. Is it a neat science experiment? Definitely.
Forbes
ESSEX COUNTY, NJ — A $1 billion windfall. That's the estimated amount of cash that recreational marijuana could bring to New Jersey in its first year, according to a recent report.
But there's a catch, according to Roseland-based law firm Brach Eichler's "White Paper." The Garden State has to embrace "an aggressive privatization of the industry in which large technology, testing, cultivation, transportation and other industry participants compete for roles and pay upfront licensing, franchising and other fees."
In other words, marijuana would need to go corporate.
"At the edges of this industry you have a black-market cohort that wants to legitimize its crop and reduce the risks of its current distribution program," said John Fanburg, managing member and chair of the Health Law Practice at Brach Eichler.
"[You also have] another cohort with access to a massive pool of capital if margins are protected," Fanburg added. "In the middle is a new administration desperate to lead the state back to economic relevance and a legislature determined to protect programs that are threatened by fiscal realities. So, while it is unlikely that the state goes all the way and monetizes every component of the industry, as they start to tinker with a new statute, the opportunity to generate upfront cash will prove at least partially irresistible."
According to Fanburg, New Jersey needs $3 billion to close its budget gap, and it so far has identified cannabis as contributing $300 million from sales tax.
"Presumptively, if there is a $2 billion recreational cannabis market in New Jersey, privatized functions could be offered in RFPs that provide lengthy contracts – the type that attract investors who pay up for predictable returns," he said. "A billion dollars is probably a modest estimate of the opportunity New Jersey can potentially realize as it legalizes recreational cannabis."
The question is, how should that billion dollars be spent, according to Charles Gormally, member and chair of the Litigation Practice for Brach Eichler.
"Part of the social justice initiative will be to provide economic opportunities in urban communities, which will be very appealing to some municipalities," Gormally said. "However, it's inevitable that there will be great tension between local officials and regulators about who gets what part of the pie – and why."
Learn more about posting announcements or events to your local Patch site here. Send local news tips and correction requests to eric.kiefer@patch.com
Photo: Flickr / pancakenap
Along with taxes, discussions around the deficit are made far more confusing than they really need to be. If we want to fix the long-term deficit, there are of course hundreds of different solutions. Despite having the best solutions on the deficit, those on the left are constantly depicted as totally delusional and non-responsive to the very real deficit concerns.
This is false, but the media needs some sort of narrative to keep the sides distinguished, and has consistently shied away from the class narrative that makes more sense. In any case, here is a short run-down of the left-leaning response to deficit concerns.
Social Security
Those on the right like to lump Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid together and talk about dozens of trillions of unfunded liabilities. However, lumping the three together makes absolutely no sense when talking about the deficit because they have drastically different budgetary effects.
Social Security for instance is really fine. As I have written before (and again here), Social Security has never contributed a single penny to the debt and will not do so for another 27 years. At that point, Social Security recipients would have to take a one-time 19% benefit cut for the program to remain solvent into the infinite horizon.
Since we should avoid making that cut, small modifications need to be made in the meantime. There are tons of modifications that will do the trick. Perhaps the most popular one for those who lean to the left is to simply uncap the payroll tax. Right now, all income made over $106,800 is exempt from payroll taxes. Removing that cap would solve the long-term Social Security deficit tomorrow.
Medicare and Medicaid
While it can sometimes be misleading to group programs together, Medicare and Medicaid are best dealt in tandem because the deficit problems for each are the same: health care costs are rising at totally unsustainable rates.
I wrote a longer article all about this a short while ago, but the short of it is that the only way to fix these problems is to constrain health care costs. Since 1975, health care inflation has been more than 4%. These costs are felt across the board, both for government insurance programs and for private programs. If that is not fixed, it really does not matter what you do: things are going to be really bad.
How do we fix this? The answer again is pretty clear: adopt a single-payer healthcare system that constrains costs just like other universalized healthcare systems across the world already do. The United States spends twice as much per person on healthcare as other wealthy countries do, but does not experience any better outcomes. Fixing this totally dysfunctional healthcare system is the only way to control costs and ensure that the long-term deficits of these programs do not spiral out of control.
As Dean Baker pointed out today, if we could reduce healthcare costs in the United States as successfully as other countries have already done, that by itself would lead to budget surpluses into the infinite horizon. Implementing a universal healthcare system that controls costs — as other countries have already managed to do — is clearly the best way to keep the Medicare and Medicaid deficit in check, but it is also one of the most politically unlikely things to occur. That's American politics for you.
Discretionary Budget
Everything that is not Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid makes up the discretionary budget. The discretionary budget pays for all sorts of things including military, food stamps, government payroll, and so on. Fixing any discretionary budget deficits is also quite easy. As the slogan goes: end the wars, tax the rich! Well, and also get out of this recession.
The above chart from the Economic Policy Institute details some of the contributions to the current discretionary deficit problems. There are four categories: tax cuts for the rich, the wars, lost revenues, and extra spending caused by the recession. Letting the Bush-Obama tax cuts expire (tax the rich!) and ending the wars (end the wars!) would make a big dent in the discretionary budget deficit problem. But, of course, the biggest problem is that the depressed economy has destroyed revenues while also triggering government spending on social safety net programs. Once we get the economy back on track, growth and employment will resume, increasing revenue and decreasing spending. With that, we will be able to eliminate all but 2% of the discretionary budget deficit.
Conclusion
So that's basically it. There is a plan right there that if successfully implemented would do the trick. Uncap the payroll tax cap (or make any other dozens of minor modifications to shore up Social Security); get healthcare costs under control through a single-payer system; and let the Bush tax cuts expire, end the wars, and get the economy back on track. That is not a hard-to-understand plan, and there simply is not a better one out there.
So, despite the present political narrative, those on the left don't just have their heads in the sand to the reality of the fiscal situation. If anything it is the right-wing that — despite all their constant harping on the deficit — has no plan. As David Frum put it in a recent article: “Rather than workable solutions, my party [the Republican Party] is offering low taxes for the currently rich and high spending for the currently old, to be followed by who-knows-what and who-the-hell-cares.” But of course, these are the guys the media touts as fiscally responsible.
According to the Amazon shipping label, my match is all the way in Columbia. Mind blown. I want to share with everyone the message they sent me when they retrieved me as their match:
"First of all, I am glad to be the secret bookgiver of an awesome person like you. I've stalked you. I know who you are. I know what you want. I know where you live. (Whoah, I really do. This sounds creepy. I promise I won't do creepy things in real life.) So anyway, I really have stalked you a little and I've come to realize that you are a great person. Seriously. You are. I shall send you a few of my favorites. DFTBA!"
I also want to share with everyone my likes/dislikes for this exchange that inspired my match so well:
"Dearest redditer,
The thing that excites me the most about the smaller exchanges is that there's a much greater opportunity to share a little of yourself with someone else. Especially with something like literature. There's nothing more personal than your favourite book.
That's why I ask for you, that regardless of the boxes I've checked for my interests, to send me what you would consider one of your favourite books. Something that helped shape you or your interest in literature. Something that gives an insight into your views, into who you are, or who you became. It could be any book, but above all else, I want you to send me something that you love. Something you love, and why you love it.
So, what's your greatest read? What do you keep coming back to? Why does it draw you so close? Maybe we can talk about it once I've read it myself.
I'll be looking forward to reading it. Until then, DFTBA."
This redditor knows what's up, and sent perhaps some of the most amazing books. They did their homework, got into the nitty gritty. They might know me a bit better than I know myself after digging through my history. Which... I'm okay with :D
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance? I've wanted to read this for SUCH a long time, you nailed it. Then I dug deeper. A book in Spanish? Hmm, how am I going to read this. Then I dug a little deeper, a Spanish dictionary. Genius. They said that Rayuela is an amazing read, but is best read in its native tongue. So, not only am I being sent a fantastic book, but also motivation to learn another language so I can enjoy it. THAT, my friends, is amazing. And finally, Ishmael. Not something I had initially heard of, but every one I've talked to says it is a fantastic book. I can't wait to sit down and read it.
I want to thank my match so much for sending me such amazing books, they deserve a medal for their work and kind words. To send my books they not only think I will love, but will also expand my horizon. This is what the book exchange is all about.
Introduction
AMD's Radeon HD 7000 Series was launched 10 months ago, and it introduced a new shader architecture called "GCN". Back then, AMD told us that this is the way of the future and that the new shader architecture will bring many improvements that might not have been fully exploited yet. While there have been some driver performance improvements in the past, they have been relatively small and were application specific.Price reductions have also helped AMD keep their products competitive in the face of NVIDIA's offerings. The HD 7970 was launched at a $550 price point; it costs $390 today.AMD is now trying to pull off a left-right punch to make their products even more interesting to consumers.Starting now, the company offers a rich game bundle to anyone who purchases one of their graphics cards. Current customers will also see significant performance improvements with the new "Never Settle" AMD Catalyst 12.11 driver, which is available for download [url=/downloads/2176/AMD_Catalyst_12.11_Beta_3.html]here[url].Let's talk about the game bundle first.You see a matrix of available offers above. The highlights here are certainly Far Cry 3 and Hitman Absolution, which are some of the most highly anticipated AAA titles of this year. The 20% off Medal of Honor coupon might also come in handy if you decide to buy the game. If you don't plan on playing any of these games, you can still get rid of the coupons on eBay, which will help offset the cost of a new graphics card purchase.AMD's second announcement today is that the new Catalyst 12.11 "Never Settle" driver will come with general performance improvements for all Radeon HD 7000 cards by improving performance across the board with most games. Certain titles, like Sleeping Dogs and Battlefield 3 (and other titles based on that engine like Medal of Honor: Warfighter), got some extra love with even larger performance improvements.AMD's Never Settle Catalyst 12.11 driver will be available as a non-WHQL beta immediately. A WHQL version will follow later on in November.AMD also clarified that these performance improvements are only for the Radeon HD 7000 Series, which uses the GCN shader architecture. Older cards will not see any improvements.For this article, we have tested the HD 7750, HD 7770, HD 7850, HD 7870, HD 7950, HD 7970and the HD 7970 GHz Edition with our recently updated test suite. We also completed a test run with the HD 6970 to verify that there are no performance improvement for older cards.
I couldn't fit my entire conversation with Ducks General Manager Bob Murray into my weekly NHL column, so here are a few tidbits that didn't get into print but are worth sharing:
-- He will not trade defenseman Scott Niedermayer, even if the Ducks drop out of playoff contention.
"That's another one that seems to circulate," Murray said when asked about the rumors that crop up frequently and send Niedermayer to Vancouver, New Jersey and all points in between. "No. Scotty and I have been talking and he's going to retire an Anaheim Duck. And that's the way it's going to be unless he tells me different. I have an agreement with Scotty and it's my word.
"We've talked about this. I see him staying here. Who knows, he might play next year."
-- He did not consider firing Coach Randy Carlyle even when the Ducks fell a season-worst 12 points out of the last playoff spot.
"Never. I don't know how many times I have to say that. The geniuses in Toronto keep coming up with stuff," he said, referring to the concentration of hockey media in that city. "They have nothing better to do, so they go around picking guys. It's not fair. It's not fair to the coaches. It's not fair to anybody. Whatever. It's talk radio and they've got to fill the air with something. It has never entered my mind."
-- The Western Conference is better than the East.
"No disrespect for the East, but our conference is very competitive. And it's very, very tough to pass teams," he said. "I think good teams are going to miss in the West. At one point a few weeks ago, .500 was making the playoffs in the East, for God's sake. That's not even close in our conference. We do all the travel and they have trouble being .500."
For the rest of his comments about the Ducks having played their way back into the playoff chase, check back at www.latimes.com/sports.
-- Helene Elliott
Andrew Graham-Dixon tells the story of Russian art. He examines political revolution and how art was at the forefront of throwing out 1,000 years of royal rule.
Series in which art critic Andrew Graham-Dixon tells the incredible story of Russian art - its mystery and magnificence - until now untold on British television.
The final part examines political revolution and how art was at the forefront of throwing out 1,000 years of royal rule, from its earliest revolutionary days of enthusiasm and optimism when painting died, the poster was king and the machine-made triumphed over the handmade to the dead hand of Socialist Realism.
Andrew roots out great portraits of Stalin now hidden in museum storerooms and never on public view, looks at the transformation of the Moscow metro into a great public art gallery and visits the most stunning creation of post-war Communist rule, the Space Monument.
Finally, he comes to the confusion and chaos of Russia today and how it is producing some of the world's strangest art - from heroic sculptures of Russian leader Vladimir Putin to the insides of a giant erotic apple; from the recreation of the Imperial royal family facing the firing squad to sculpture in liquid oil; from Russia's embrace of the commercial art market to a return to Socialist Realism. Russia seems to stand on another brink of revolution.
Getty Images
With Larry Fitzgerald, Michael Floyd, and John Brown topping the depth chart at receiver, it was difficult for J.J. Nelson to do much in his rookie year. That could change in 2016.
Via the Associated Press, the fifth-round pick in 2015 is making a great impression during offseason workouts.
“I feel like [last season] was a confidence builder,” Nelson said. “Going in really not knowing what to do, as the season went along I felt like I got really confident and pretty good at knowing what I was supposed to do out there.”
What he's supposed to do is run really fast. Which makes up for the fact that he's 5-10 and weighs a mere 160 pounds.
“I know this guy is bigger than me, so what do I have as the advantage over him? So if he's a bigger guy, I feel like I can use my speed,” Nelson said.
Coach Bruce Arians likes what Nelson can do, especially when the football is flying through the air in his direction.
“He has a very unique skill in tracking the ball that the great ones have when the ball's coming over your opposite shoulder,” Arians said, via the AP. “When you have a little fast guy that can do that, you have a special one.
“Every day, he's making a big play or two. Getting a little bit stronger. He might be a buck-61 right now. We're going to try to get 4 more pounds on him.”
They'd surely like to get a lot more than four receptions on his stat sheet. As a rookie, Nelson caught a mere 11 passes for 299 yards and two scores, appearing in 11 games with two starts. It will be harder to keep him off the field in 2016, which means that one of the other established wideouts will end up being less established, sooner or later.
Developing original series for Microsoft has taken a little longer than veteran TV executive Nancy Tellem had hoped, but her first slate of shows will launch on the Xbox videogame consoles early next year.
“We're hoping we will be able to put something up in the first quarter, at minimum second quarter,” said Tellem, president of entertainment and digital for Microsoft, at Variety's Dealmakers Breakfast at the Four Seasons Hotel in Los Angeles. The shows will be available on the Xbox 360 and Xbox One through Xbox Live.
“I'm incredibly ambitious and impatient,” said Tellem, who took the job to produce original content for the Xbox platform in 2012. Because of that, the time it's taken to develop the first slate of series, including a high-profile project based around “Halo,” with Steven Spielberg producing, has been “slower,” but “reflecting on what we've done and what lies ahead, it's been pretty good.”
SEE ALSO: Xbox Entertainment Studios Hits Field with Soccer Series
Tellem was attracted to joining Microsoft after spending years at CBS and the CW, closely monitoring how content was changing websites and how millennials interact with it. “I was always looking for the next thing,” she says. “Technology and the transition that was taking place was incredibly interesting to me. It's very exciting for me to be in this position right now and see how the business model evolves and how content evolves.”
Related Sandra Bullock Moms Who See 'Bird Box' Will Think: 'That River Is My Journey as a Parent' TV Roundup: Amy Schumer Stand Up Special 'Growing' Drops First Trailer (Watch)
With 48 million Xbox Live subscribers on more than 72 million Xbox consoles around the world, Tellem has a large base of viewers to put her first shows in front of.
The hard part for her has been to explain to Hollywood just where Xbox fits into the new world of digital platforms.
“We aren't Netflix, we aren't Amazon, we're a different animal,” she said. “We're neither nor we're a little like them. It all depends. The lack of black and white and this is the template and this is what we're following is very difficult. As we continue to do deals everyone's going to get more comfortable.”
SEE ALSO: Tellem Lines Up First Original Xbox Series, Including ‘Halo'
But any confusion is understandable.
As Tellem meets with Hollywood dealmakers, she and her team at Microsoft are still figuring out what will resonate with Xbox's audience and which business models will make sense for producing content, she says, along with the number of episodes a series might require or specific formats that don't have to meet the release schedules of a typical TV season.
“Depending on the piece of content, the deals change,” Tellem adds. “We're talking about exclusives, exclusive first windows, exclusive second windows. We play a lot with windows and co-production arrangements” and “whether we feel these are ideas are franchise building or we can own completely.”
And when it comes to original programming, “we're trying to focus on whether it's only on Xbox or best on Xbox,” Tellem said, referring to exclusive series or interactive features added to NFL broadcasts, for example.
But if a show “doesn't resonate, interactive features won't matter,” Tellem said.
Microsoft's hiring of Tellem comes as the technology industry is signaling that it's starting to understand the value Hollywood offers.
“We're in this amazing time where these two worlds are coming together,” Tellem said. “It's only now that we're getting comfortable with each other. Everyone recognizes how important content is in device adoption. There's always talk about what apps are available on your phone or what apps you can get. It can be an incentive to buy something or not to buy something.”
Hollywood must now also realize the opportunities technology and the variety of mobile devices flooding the market provide content producers.
“I started when we had three networks and dictated what the audience would watch and when they would watch it,” Tellem said. “Millennials are now dictating what we're doing. I prefer a more passive experience, but this new millennial generation are multi-tasking and leaning in. They want the option to watch when they want to watch.”
Tellem's goal at Microsoft isn't to redefine, but to evolve the television viewing experience, she said, while increasing the number of subscribers to Xbox Live. In doing so, she's eliminating some of the waste TV networks are known for, like spending heavily to produce pilots for shows that will never make it to air.
She also wants to eliminate the many layers that make talent feel as if they're working in a silo.
“We're here to support the artists and the talent,” Tellem says. “We don't have the layers traditional media has. Our studio is very lean which allows us to be a lot more nimble and have a direct relationship with talent and help them realize their vision.”
Tellem is developing shows for Xbox as owners of the company's consoles spend more time consuming video content than playing video games.
As for the future of Microsoft and the company's next CEO who will take over from Steve Ballmer in 2014, “addressing the demands of the consumer” and embracing the TV Everywhere model “will hold true to anyone who is running the company,” Tellem said. “The content and what we're building will be an important part of our future.”
During an entire shift in the pediatric emergency room at Hadassah Ein Kerem Hospital in Jerusalem, nurse Ula Ostrowski-Zak nursed a nine-month-old Palestinian baby from Hebron whose mother was seriously injured and his father killed in a car accident.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
"His aunts were surprised that a Jew agreed to breastfeed him, but I told them that every mother would do it," she said.
On Friday, Yaman's parents collided head-on with an armored bus on Route 60. The father was killed on the spot and the mother, who was not wearing a seatbelt, sustained a serious head injury.
Nurse Ostrowski-Zak with baby Yaman
The baby, who was lightly injured, was taken to the emergency room, but there was no one to feed him and he refused to eat from a bottle. For seven hours, until Ostrowski-Zak arrived, he didn't eat a thing and cried incessantly. His aunts were helpless.
"They asked me if I could help them find someone who would breastfeed the baby," said Ostrowski-Zak. "As a nursing mother, I didn't hesitate and suggested that I do it myself."
Thus, between caring for one child and another, the nurse fed the baby. "I fed him five times," she said. "His aunts embraced me and thanked me. They were really surprised and told me that no Jewish women would agree to nurse a Palestinian baby they did not know."
Toward the end of the shift, the question arose who would breastfeed the baby when Ula went home. The nurse posted to the Facebook group of nursing mothers titled La Leche League, and was amazed by the reactions.
"Within two hours I received more than a thousand likes and responses from women who volunteered to help, women who were willing to travel even from Haifa to breastfeed him. In between, I continued to try to expose the child to the bottle but without success," she said.
An oil depot near Kiev caught fire again on Saturday after firefighters had contained the massive five-day blaze that claimed the lives of five people. The authorities have launched a criminal investigation against the depot operator on ecocide charges.
A storage tank caught fire at the BRSM-Nafta facility in Vasilkov, 25 kilometers south of Kiev, at about 11:30am local time, the town's mayor Sergey Sabov wrote on his Facebook page on Saturday.
The fire at the oil deport flared up again, after one of the tanks was depressurized resulting in a fuel leak, he added.
Sabov said there is risk of fire spreading to the adjacent storage tank. “There are four more full storage tanks with a 900-cubic-meter capacity,” he told reporters, adding that the risk of them catching fire is lower.
The State Emergency Service is monitoring the blaze said its head Nikolay Chechetkin. There are worries that there could be an explosion.
A video posted on Youtube on Saturday shows a billowing cloud of black smoke rising from the depot.
The firefighters “are not cooling the tanks due to very high temperature there and the risk of a repeated explosion,” he said. “As soon as it's possible we will begin extinguishing the flames with foam.”
Posted by Сергей Сабов on Saturday, June 13, 2015
Posted by Сергей Сабов on Saturday, June 13, 2015
Firefighters have been battling the massive blaze at the oil depot since it started on Monday night. By Tuesday it had spread consuming more storage tanks and causing massive explosions, which killed five people and injured 18.
According to the state service, the fire was contained on Friday.
A video with dramatic bird's-eye images shows the scale of the disaster. Much of the site is blackened and burned out.
The fire raised environmental concerns as a large amount of toxic substances were released into the air. On Friday the head of the investigative department of Ukraine's Security Service Vasily Vovak said a criminal investigation has been launched against the depot's operator BRSM-NAfta under the “ecocide” article.
Under article 411 of the Ukrainian Criminal Code, ‘ecocide' - actions that may cause an environmental disaster – is punishable by imprisonment for a term of eight to fifteen years.
Locals told Ruptly video agency that there is a smell of smoke, but not as strong as it was earlier this week.
The wind is blowing the smoke from the depot fire towards Kiev, said Sabov as cited by UNN news agency on Saturday.
“The smoke contains plenty of hazardous substances including benzopyrene, which is very a harmful carcinogenic, the first class of danger,” head of Kiev's Ecological-Cultural Center (KECC) Vladimir Boreyko told UNN warning the capital's residents to stay home.
Experts believe the disaster could have consequences not only for the Ukrainian capital, which has a population of around three million people, but also for neighboring European countries.
READ MORE: Drone footage of Ukrainian oil depot blaze shows scale of disaster (VIDEO)
“Whenever you have hydrocarbons like this burning, releasing all sorts of carcinogenic substances, and the smoke particles themselves are toxic, there is the danger of exposure to what are potentially carcinogenic materials,” Tim Mousseau, a biological sciences professor at the University of South Carolina, told RT. “Certainly, there is a potential hazard to anyone who is engulfed by the smoke.”
Chechetkin said on Saturday that local health authorities are monitoring the level of harmful substances in the air which “do not exceed the maximum admissible concentration.”
The Interior Ministry also has an ongoing investigation into the causes of the fire. Zoryan Shkiryak, an aide to Interior Minister Arsen Avakov, said on Tuesday that the cause of the blaze could be arson or a violation of safety regulations at the facility.
Investigators said that the BRSM-Nafta company's oil depot could have been set on fire by its owners to destroy oil products involved in a criminal case, Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council Secretary Alexander Turchinov said Thursday.
On Friday , the oil depot administration announced a million hryvnia (nearly $50,000) award for accurate information about the perpetrators.
AFA WINTER, ORLANDO: The Air Force revealed today the existence of a new set of classified electro-optical satellites — the Geosynchronous Space Situational Awareness Program (GSAP) — designed to spot other satellites and space debris.
What effect might this have on nations, such as, say, China, who realize the enormous military advantage that space provides the United States?
Brian Weeden, one of the few people around who speaks space fluently and doesn't have a dog in this fight, said the new satellites appear to resemble an upgraded version of DARPA's MiTEx (Micro-satellite Technology Experiment) satellite. They were reportedly used, among other things, to get close to and observe other satellites.
The new G-SAP satellites may raise Chinese or Russian hackles, Weedon thinks.
“Having these satellites drifting by everything in GEO [geosynchronous orbit, which allows a satellite to hover one spot of the globe] would like to be a big source of information. Of course, that's exactly the sort of thing the U.S. military is extremely worried another country will do to figure out what the U.S. has in GEO. So it's likely other countries, especially Russia and China, are going to consider this a threat,” he said in an email after reading the Air Force Fact Sheet on G-SAP. Weeden is the technical advisor for the Secure World Foundation, which focuses on the peaceful uses of outer space.
Among the interesting facts about the new satellites:
They can be moved once they get to orbit to maintain watch on an area of interest to the U.S., Gen. William Shelton told the audience here. Satellites designed to be moved around in geosynchronous orbit are not common. The weight of fuel is an enormous operational and cost constraint so the commitment to including it is a mark of just how important this mission is to the Air Force.
They are electro-optical. This probably means they use a combination of sensors and telescopes to spy on objects. Since most details of the program remain classified we won't know for a while.
We don't know how much they cost. Gen. Shelton was not willing to disclose that and Orbital Sciences Corp., who built the satellites, politely referred me to the Air Force. That probably means cost could provide a competitor with a good estimate of just what sensors are on board.
The first two birds will launch “later this year,” Shelton told reporters after his remarks.
Why is the US building and revealing the existence of these satellites?
“As far as why they're doing this, I think China is probably part of it but not all of it,” Weeden says.”The U.S. has always been concerned about the security of its assets in GEO, particularly the satellites used for missile warning, protected SATCOM [satellite communications], ELINT [electronic intelligence], and SIGINT [signals intelligence]. Recent activities by China, including a launch last May that some have claimed to be a test of a direct ascent ASAT [anti-satellite] system that could reach GEO, have certainly heightened their concerns. But the Russians developed a co-orbital ASAT system that could reach to GEO back in the late 1990s and early 2000s, so a Chinese ASAT is not the only potential threat.”
One of the really intriguing questions that we can't answer yet is why Gen. Shelton released this information now, and why at AFA? Presumably the decision to declassify the existence of G-SAP was made at the White House level, probably an interagency decision involving the the Office of Science and Technology Policy, the State Department, Defense Department, Director of National Intelligence.
Unless these satellites are as small as MiTEx, they would be visible to observers like Ted Molczan, a keen observer in Canada who is part of a group of enthusiasts who track spy satellites using hard-won knowledge of launches, orbital modeling and telescopes. So the government might have wanted to forestall a “gotcha” moment if news reports had broken word of the satellites after launch.
Weeden added that he thinks this program is “about more than just detecting potential threats. I think part of it is also the ability to collect better intelligence on what other countries have in GEO.”
Books can quickly go from free to paid, so double-check the price before you download any of these books!
Here is today's list of free Kindle books and other great deals. If you're browsing this after the date specified above, there might be a more recent update on the FKB.me home page. Click here to subscribe to the daily updates via email.
*****CLICK HERE IF YOU DON'T SEE THE LINKS BELOW.*****
Nonfiction Freebies
Fiction Freebies
Today's Daily Deals (Not Free)
Note that many of these deals are this price for today only, so act fast.
All books are available in the US, but availability will vary widely from country to country. The number in brackets [ ] is the number of reviews the book currently has on Amazon.com. Countdown Deals are limited-time discounts on Kindle-exclusive books
27 AUG 3302
Independent auditor BigSix has reported various anomalies in the accounts of MetaDrive Inc., a company based in the Chi Orionis system specialising in hyperdrive research.
Reviewing the company's financial records, assessors found evidence of a series of payments to undisclosed suppliers but none of the corresponding checks and balances.
"It's a big mess," said the senior auditor of BigSix. "The company is being placed in receivership. It needs a buyer, and quickly."
Femi Dakarai, the chairman of MetaDrive Inc., was not available for comment.
Following the news, shares in MetaDrive Inc. plummeted. But a short time later, Sirius Corp unexpectedly volunteered to prop up the company.
"We've been interested in collaboration for a while," said the marketing manager of Sirius Corp's hyperdrive research division, "and were in talks over licensing MetaDrive's exciting new technology. We have no desire to see them go under."
Toward the end of his town hall in a crowded school cafeteria in Hudson, New Hampshire, on Sunday, Marco Rubio said something that summed up the shallowness of his campaign and his character. If you had any doubt that he is in this race for the benefit of anyone other than himself and the plutocrats funding his campaign, this should drive them right out.
To explain, let's start with the protesters.
Advertisement:
Before the event's start, a group of about 25 protesters had gathered outside the front door of Hills Garrison Elementary School. They were volunteers for the United Auto Workers who had driven up from New York to spend a couple of days bringing their message to New Hampshire. They were protesting not Rubio specifically, but their feeling that there has been too little recognition of what all the GOP candidates' economic policies will accomplish if implemented. Namely, that the benefits of their tax plans will accrue mostly to upper-income taxpayers through the reduction of rates and elimination of capital gains taxes, while the vast swath of middle- and working-class folks will see their healthcare disappear when a GOP president repeals Obamacare, their Social Security vanish down ratholes labeled “raising the retirement age” and “benefit reductions,” and their wages continue stagnating as the upper class uses its financial and political power to grab more of the pie for itself.
In short, the protesters are there to talk about one of the central themes of this election, that of the effects on society of the vast wealth-inequality gap between the very rich who are funding most of these campaigns, and everyone else.
The group called themselves “superheroes for the super-rich.” To that end, a few of them wore superhero masks – Batman, Spider-Man, Captain America (the DC-Marvel rivalry having been set aside in the fight against inequality). They chanted sarcastic slogans that were the equivalent of a Bronx cheer: “We need no middle class … Marco Rubio's got our backs!”
So, here was Rubio giving his stump speech inside the cafeteria a little later: “I wanna be a president for all Americans. Batman and Spider-Man out there? I'm going to cut their taxes too!”
The line got a big laugh, because ho ho ho, those silly liberals outside don't realize that Marco Rubio, in the middle of his ongoing audition to be Sheldon Adelson's cabana boy, wants to put more money in their pockets by slashing their taxes. And if all his millionaire super PAC donors get more money in their pockets at the same time, well, that's just as American as apple pie.
To which I feel comfortable saying that the protesters outside would reply, “Piss off.” They were not out there complaining that their taxes are too high. They were upset, in part, because the low taxes paid by Rubio's backers have helped create an unsustainable inequality gap not seen since the Gilded Age of the 1920s. They were complaining because they have been told for decades that if millionaires get tax cuts, that will somehow unleash the power of the American economy to grow and grow, and everyone will benefit. They have seen that the theory of trickle-down economics Rubio pushes is a load of hot garbage, that he is selling snake oil, and they aren't getting suckered into buying it.
Advertisement:
Let us try to imagine a politician who might have at the very least sent a staff member out to the protesters to find out what they were upset about and come back and briefed him before he engaged in this insulting round of hippie-punching. That politician would be a much better choice for president than Marco Rubio.
The irony is that Rubio in person is better than the Rubio I had seen in the GOP debate the night before, and in every other debate and Fox News interview. He might still be spouting memorized talking points, but he comes off as more natural in front of a crowd. He even manages to make his laugh lines sound spontaneous. He's not a bad candidate as long as you don't pay close attention to the actual content of the policies he advocates.
In fact, his team must be feverishly hoping that the electorate is so distracted by Donald Trump and Ted Cruz that it won't listen too closely to Rubio, who can sound just as unhinged and ridiculous as those two sociopaths. In Hudson, he promises that on day one of his presidency, he'll tear up the deal with Iran and repeal “every single one of Obama's unconstitutional executive orders.” He'll rebuild the military, which has shrunk to unacceptable levels, and size matters to Marco Rubio. He'll send every suspected terrorist he can get his hands on right to Guantánamo, legal niceties be damned. He'll secure the border and deport all the violent criminals who are here illegally.
Basically, Rubio comes off like a mashup of Greg Stillson and a particularly frenetic labradoodle. Kind of butch, kind of nuts and really, really hoping you like him.
Advertisement:
And conventional wisdom has it that he's the best hope the GOP has to win the general election, if it can only get him through the primaries without the public noticing that he's such a lightweight, CBS could have strapped a camera to him and floated him over the Super Bowl on Sunday night. Which would be a much better use of him than as another ring in the circus that is this primary season.
by
Throughout all my travels, I have experienced different types of accommodations. A rented apartment in Tuscany, Krakow, Paris and Sofia. No-frills basic hotels in Stone Town, Moshi, Aswan and Brasov. Bed & breakfasts in Sonoma, the Dordogne, and Tavistock. Middle-of-the-road hotels in Reston, Stellenbosch and Venice. Top-of-the-line in Santiago de Chile, Mykonos, Boca Raton, and Washington D.C. And a camping tent in Mt. Kilimanjaro.
The type of place I stay at is not happenstance – though staying at a youth hostel in my very late 30s in Oslo was due to no hotels being available for my business trip… quite the experience! I select the type of place I stay at based on many factors, such as:
am I going solo or with others
nature of the trip (business or personal)
am I staying in one place for the most part or roaming
what I want to spend,
what am I looking to experience in this vacation (I may only need a bed or I may want to enjoy a royal experience in my lodging).
But seldom do I experience many types of lodging in one trip. And that's exactly what I did in my recent trip to Jordan. My trip to Jordan confirmed for me that that special something is what makes accommodations truly enjoyable and memorable (which is just as important as enjoying them at the moment!) regardless of the type of accommodation.
Here are the places I stayed at and why they each became as memorable a part of my trip as the many of the sights and sites I got to see in awesome Jordan.
Standard nice hotel
I got to continue my Marriott stays quite accidentally (as I did not have a hand in choosing this time), in both Amman and Petra. Marriotts give you that standard feel that provides continuity for the very frequent traveler who moves around towns and hotels. I can count on standard amenities, service and comfort in these.
The Amman Marriott first surprises because it feels like it is in the middle of a neighborhood. Then you have to go through security – and odd thing but one that I am sure they do to keep me safe and unconcerned. I felt both. The restaurant offers a great breakfast buffet. The outdoor pool area is spacious enough but there is ALSO an indoor pool and and jacuzzi so something for everyone's water preferences. The hallways in the room floors feel very luxurious and the rooms are nicer than the regular Marriott I have experienced and I separate this from the room I actually got which was an upgrade due to my Platinum Elite status with the chain: I got quite a nice suite!!!
Amman Marriott: A great lobby to hang out and read your paper
The Petra Marriott is a smaller hotel than the one in Amman – but what it lacks in size (no executive lounge, for example) it makes up for in the view. The hotel faces the mountains around Petra from a high vantage point which makes it a great place to watch sunset as well! The breakfast buffet was also smaller when compared to the Amman one and the staff not as “going out of their way” but it was still a good breakfast.
Lobby area
Atrium
Sunset view towards Petra and the hotel's pool area
Clearly the view from the Petra Marriott made it most memorable but that feeling of arriving at a “second home”-type of place was also pretty darn cool.
Roughing it in a camp
One night we actually “roughed” it at Camp Rummana in the Dana Biosphere Reserve where one can see nature at its best is this part of Jordan. I put rough in quote because, though sleeping in a tent and using a common bathroom facility are not high-styling it, these tents beat the tent I slept in while climbing Kilimanjaro for sure. The tents were spacious and they had mattresses on the ground. There was a common bathroom facility (a hike away if you woke up in the middle of the night and “had to go”) with showers and also a dining area where we had our meals. Closer to the sleeping tents, was a set of large tents to hang out after dinner before bedtime – true to the Bedouin way.
A mattress and the basics
The sleeping tent area of the Rummana camp
The dining area. No, he is not a giant.
Nothing like being so close to nature to make a place memorable and the Rummana Camp definitely connected me with the great setting.
An ecolodge
After the hike through the Dana-Feynan canyon, we arrived exhausted at the Feynan Ecolodge, right in the heart of the Dana Biosphere Reserve. It has been rated one of the world's top 50 ecolodges by National Geographic's Adventure magazine. A partnership between the Royal Conservation Society of Jordan and EcoHotels, this lodge seeks to fit in not only with the terrain but also by respecting the local traditions and culture and providing the opportunity for an economic livelihood for the locals of the area. There is a LOT that is done right by this ecolodge, so remote from main roads and anything urban yet surrounded by some incredible landscapes and skies as well as by the welcoming Bedouins of the area.
The ecolodge as one approaches it – unassuming!
Feynan is an ecolodge which means little or no electricity available (you can re-charge your device on one of two power outlets in the lobby) which is tough but, at the same time, we are too connected some times so maybe this is a good break? It also means it only offers vegetarian fare as meat would require refrigeration. But the food was delicious and quite diverse much to my surprise! The rooms are very nice; no frills but nice. Each has its own bathroom. Oh and water is free – straight from a mineral spring so it is safe to drink! Now, if it is a hot time of the year, know that the rooms have no fans or A/C (of course) – but you are here for the adventure, right? Finally, it also has a rooftop telescope – a great place to explore the skies at night.
Room at the ecolodge
Earthen pitcher of mineral water awaits in the room
The ability to get close to the locals without being taken to a “shop” definitely made the Feynan Ecolodge quite memorable to me as was the interesting sunset I got to watch.
A place with an experience
After exploring the Wadi Rum by pick-up truck well into the evening, we arrived at a Captain's Desert Private Camp to spend the night. But it was not just to have dinner and spend the night. There was to be music and more of a soirée experience. The tents were different than the Rummana Camp‘s but no worse, no better. There was a nice area to have dinner and hang out, and, in fact, some folks opted to sleep there under the stars. What was really cool about this place was that it was nested in canyon walls and it was beautiful in the morning.
Tents in Captain's Desert Camp
Hanging out at the camp
The Bedouin experience and the setting made the Captain's Desert Camp quite a memorable place to stay. I wish I had been feeling 100% that night to enjoy it more!
A hideaway
We got to stay at this hideaway two times each for one night. The Evason Ma'in Six Senses hotel may have some details to work out, mainly in its managerial/front office efforts, but the place is in an idyllic and very secluded setting. Further, it provides great comfort in its rooms, offers great views, and is around hot springs that offer great relaxation.
Room. Really like the wooden shutter doors and spacious comfort
Lobby area
Detail of the lobby area
The uniqueness of the setting and the proximity and relative isolation of the hot springs as well as the inviting rooms made this place a memorable part of my trip.
And the “living-it-up” resort
My last night in Jordan was by the Dead Sea, where great resorts are located. I stayed at the Mövenpick, a 5-star resort with a great view, a great offering in terms of food and fun, and an interesting design whether in architectural details or in the concept itself.
Incredible details in the decorations at the main entrance
The room was not as luxurious as I would have expected but it was comfortable and spacious for sure.
The hotel grounds had several pools including one only for adults (closest to the Dead Sea).
One of the all-ages pool overlooking the Dead Sea
The main hotel building had many different areas to lounge in with very nice decorations and details. The restaurant was outstanding in the diversity and quality of the buffet it offered for dinner and breakfast.
Room
One of the many sitting areas
At night there was an area that offered music and belly dancing without the corniness typically associated with belly dancing in the U.S. (where there HAS to be audience participation); you could just really appreciate the art form here without worrying you were going to be called upon to make a fool of yourself…
Outdoor area for drinks and entertainment in the evening
What made this place the most memorable was the amazing sunset I got to live through and watch…
The lowest of the pools, closest to the Dead Sea during a GREAT sunset
Glorious, eh?
Is this a sunset scene or what??!!
Nuff said!
During this trip, I was a guest of the Jordan Tourism Board. That notwithstanding, the stories I share were my real experiences and nothing else. As they always are!
Please share this post! Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Google
Reddit
Email
Print
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
While trends can be fun to ride, the problem is that they're, well, trendy. And, unlike a pair of pants from the 1970s, you can't exactly hide kitchen cabinets, flooring, or bathroom fixtures. When they aren't cool anymore, you still have to face them every single day. So, we need to choose elements that stand the test of time especially in the case of kitchen styles.
What's the solution?
We are big believers in craftsmanship that flies right over the fickle weather of passing trends. You can make choices as you invest in your home that will truly be timeless, leaving you with superior function, beauty, and long-term value.
And, this is true perhaps most of all for the kitchen.
Timeless Kitchen Features and Design
#1 Shaker Style Cabinets
The Shakers were interesting people in many ways and exceptional craftsmen. They believed in simple, clean designs that offered no frills but rather let the natural beauty of the piece shine. Shaker style cabinetry does just that, offering a timeless simplicity and elegance. Nothing edgy, nothing trendy, but always gorgeous.
#2 Custom Cabinetry
It may cost more initially than prefabricated options, but custom cabinetry offers unparalleled value and function. A carpenter can help you maximize your space to its full potential, adding unique storage solutions, special designs, and options that adapt to any quirks that your kitchen style may have. This is especially important in older homes where one size certainly does not fit all.
TIP: Planning to Remodel Your Kitchen? Use our free Kitchen Remodeling Calculator to Find Out the Remodeling Cost Instantly.
#3 Stone Countertops
#4 Subway Tiles
Granite is, of course, the go-to option for many updated or custom kitchen design styles, but it's far from the only option. From soapstone to marble, copper to concrete, there are stunning materials available that each carries their own set of pros and cons ( take a look here for a more in-depth look at these options!). A beautiful stone countertop, in particular, will never lose its value and luster.
There are numerous stunning options for backsplashes, but subway tile tenaciously hangs on as one of the top choices. This really is because it performs so well, adds style while still being neutral, and injects a gentle texture into the kitchen. If you want to mix things up a bit, ask about installing them in a herringbone pattern or using an alternate grout color for extra contrast.
#5 Focus On Function
Sometimes trendy kitchens look phenomenal but really aren't designed well.
Kitchens absolutely must be designed with a focus on function, being ready to work and entertain. As you embark on the remodeling process, talk to your builder about how space will be used, what kind of cooking you do, your appliance needs, and any other extra details that will elevate your kitchen design style from awesome to spectacular. For a little inspiration, take a look at these kitchen features suggested by Better Homes & Gardens.
Quality Is King In Kitchen Design and Remodeling
We totally understand working within a budget, but a kitchen is the worst room for cutting corners. Quality shows, endures and will pay you back over time, especially if or when you sell the home.
Enjoy the process, and here's a beautiful kitchen you can enjoy for decades to come!
MORE: How to choose your perfect Kitchen Backsplash
This article was originally published on Gerety Building & Restoration.
Shane Yarran will make his debut for Fremantle against Gold Coast
MATURE-AGE Fremantle recruit Shane Yarran will make his AFL debut against Gold Coast on Saturday.
Fremantle coach Ross Lyon confirmed on Thursday morning that the 27-year-old would play against the Suns.
His debut comes just a month after he was charged by police for disorderly conduct in public, pleading guilty in the Perth Magistrate's Court two weeks ago and being fined $800.
The club did not impose a suspension or financial sanction but he was required to undertake a counseling program and do some volunteer work.
Lyon said that indiscretion had not counted against him in selection because of the work he had put in on the training track throughout the season.
"There's deposits and withdrawals, isn't there?" Lyon said.
"Obviously it was a slight withdrawal.
"So there's your deposits and there's your withdrawals and you balance it up.
"We always support the person and challenge the behaviour.
"We believe he's a good person who's had some challenges. He's building his life and is trying to redeem himself.
"I can only judge him since he's walked through the door here. You can only take people as you find them.
"Therefore, the confidence was built with the action over a long period of time.
"That's all you can do as a coach.
"Clearly it wasn't ideal, and there's always mitigating circumstances, but he's ultimately been picked because he's played some good football."
Yarran has had an incredible journey to AFL football. He spent time in prison during a troubled youth for aggravated burglary.
But in two seasons for Subiaco in the WAFL he kicked 93 goals, won two premierships and the Bernie Naylor Medal as the WAFL's leading goalkicker.
Fremantle took him with pick No.61 in last year's NAB AFL Draft.
His season to-date has been marred by injury.
He had to rehab a knee injury he suffered during last year's WAFL Grand Final and did not play for Peel until round seven when he bagged three goals, but a calf injury sidelined him for a further five weeks.
Yarran has kicked just three goals and averaged nine disposals in the last four matches in the WAFL but the weather has been in atrocious for a number of those games.
"He's an extreme speed and endurance sort of athlete, and he's a goalkicker," Lyon said.
"Unfortunately he had those calf problems, so we would have seen a lot more of him.
"We're thrilled to give him an opportunity. If he can lay a few tackles, play in the front half and kick a few goals, we'll be thrilled.
"He's obviously had some challenges along the way and he's held himself together. But the real work starts now."
The Dockers are set to make at least three changes after losing Michael Barlow (shoulder), Hayden Ballantyne (cheekbone) and Matthew Pavlich (managed).
Ed Langdon is also set to return, but Lyon said he would wait until Fremantle completed training on Thursday before finalising the Dockers' 22.
The Dockers are also considering two ruckmen against the Suns. Jon Griffin has played a lone hand in the last two weeks, with support from Matt Taberner, after Zac Clarke and Jack Hannath were dropped following the loss to Collingwood in round 14.
Pope Francis says it is OK to smack your children to discipline them — as long as their dignity is maintained.
Francis made the remarks this week during his weekly general audience, which was devoted to the role of fathers in the family.
He outlined the traits of a good father — one who forgives but is able to “correct with firmness” while not discouraging the child.
The pope said: “One time, I heard a father in a meeting with married couples say ‘I sometimes have to smack my children a bit, but never in the face so as to not humiliate them'.
“How beautiful! He knows the sense of dignity! He has to punish them but does it justly and moves on.”
The Rev Thomas Rosica, who works with the Vatican press office, said the pope was obviously not speaking about committing violence or cruelty against a child but rather about “helping someone to grow and mature”.
He said: “Who has not disciplined their child or been disciplined by parents when we are growing up?
“Simply watch Pope Francis when he is with children and let the images and gestures speak for themselves!
“To infer or distort anything else ... reveals a greater problem for those who don't seem to understand a pope who has ushered in a revolution of normalcy of simple speech and plain gesture.”
Corporal punishment
The Catholic Church's position on corporal punishment came under sharp criticism last year during a grilling by members of a UN human rights committee monitoring implementation of the UN treaty on the rights of the child.
In its report, the committee members reminded the Holy See the treaty explicitly requires signatories to take all measures, including legislative and educational, to protect children from all forms of physical or mental violence — including while in the care of parents.
It recommended the Holy See amend its own laws to specifically prohibit corporal punishment of children, including within the family, and to create ways to enforce that ban in Catholic schools and institutions around the globe.
The recommendations were prompted by reports to the committee of widespread physical abuse and use of corporal punishment in Catholic-run schools and institutions, particularly in Ireland, that committee members said had reached “endemic levels”.
The Vatican had argued it in no way promoted corporal punishment, but that it also had no way to enforce any kind of ban on its use in Catholic schools, over which it has no jurisdiction.
It noted it was only responsible for implementing the child rights treaty inside the Vatican City State.
The Holy See is not the only signatory to the convention that has been singled out on the issue.
Britain received a similar recommendation to repeal its law allowing parents to spank their children when it came before the UN committee in 2002.
Some 39 countries prohibit corporal punishment in all settings, including at home, where most abuse occurs. They range from Sweden and Germany to South Sudan and Turkmenistan.
In the United States, parents can legally hit their child as long as the force is “reasonable”. In 19 US states, it is still legal for personnel in schools to practice “paddling”.
Meanwhile Pope Francis will address a joint meeting of Congress on September 24th, a first for the leader of the world's Roman Catholics.
During his trip to the US, Francis is also expected to visit the White House and speak at the United Nations. He will participate in a massive Catholic rally for families in Philadelphia.
It will be his first visit to the US in a papacy that began two years ago.
Agencies
Atlas Obscura organised Obscura Day on May 6, with events in 25 countries around the world. I went to one of the UK events: A behind-the-scenes tour of Novelty Automation in London.
Novelty Automation is a quirky arcade, and an art project by engineer and artist Tim Hunkin. All the machines are unique, one-of-a-kind, working games. Hunkin created most of them himself, with the exception of a few guest projects, like “The Dream” – a mechanical machine by Paul Spooner.
Hunkin's machines are heavily inspired by current events and serve as physical, interactive, satirical pieces. He has a game where you can “climb the housing ladder”, for example, or one where you fly a drone around a celebrity mansion to snap paparazzi pics.
Some of the machines have a strong science theme. Instant Eclipse is a personal eclipse viewer. You sit in it, look up, and watch the sky goes dark in front of your eyes. The Small Hadron Collider is a marble game with seemingly random results. You can win a Nobel Prize, or fail at discovering anything interesting.
But my favourite machine, and the one that provided the most fun for my tokens, was “My Nuke”. Sat at this machine, you go through a video training program that teaches you how to manipulate radioactive cores with a grabber. It gets extensively more difficult – especially when you need to maneuver the grabber while only seeing what you're doing on a small video screen – but even after your inevitable failure to set up the reactor properly, you get a small piece of candy, custom designed with a hazard sign. Your own edible piece of nuclear waste!
Novelty Automation is located at 1a Princeton St in London. It's open Wednesday to Saturday from 11AM to 6PM. On Thursday's it's open late, from noon until 8PM.
There is a similar arcade, also by Hunkin, under the pier in Southwold.
Save
Save
Save
Documents Obtained By ACLU Also Uncover "Widespread Use" Of Rescinded Unlawful Interrogation Techniques And Failure Of Medical Personnel To Report Abuses
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT (646) 785-1894 or (212) 549-2666; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK — The American Civil Liberties Union announced today the release of newly unredacted documents from the Defense Department's internal investigations into charges of detainee abuse. Uncensored documents from the Church Report, obtained as a result of the ACLU's Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit, include new details exposing the role of psychologists in military interrogations. The documents also uncover new information about the failure of military medical personnel to report abuses at Abu Ghraib, the military's use of unlawful interrogation methods subsequent to a directive that was ostensibly meant to end such practices, and detainee deaths in Afghanistan and Iraq.
"The documents reveal that psychologists and medical personnel played a key role in sustaining prisoner abuse — a clear violation of their ethical and legal obligations," said Amrit Singh, a staff attorney with the ACLU. "The documents only underscore the need for an independent investigation into responsibility for the systemic abuse of detainees held in U.S. custody abroad."
In 2006, the ACLU received a highly redacted version of the Church Report, which was commissioned by former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld as a comprehensive review of military interrogation operations in Iraq, Afghanistan and Guantánamo Bay based on 187 investigations into detainee abuse that had been closed as of September 30, 2004. The report did not analyze information relating to 130 abuse cases that remained open as of that date, and issues of senior official responsibility for detainee abuse were beyond its mandate. Written by Vice Admiral Albert T. Church, the report skirts the question of command responsibility for detainee abuse, euphemistically labeling official failure to issue interrogation guidelines for Iraq and Afghanistan as a "missed opportunity."
The report states that "analogous to the BSCT in Guantanamo Bay, the Army has a number of psychologists in operational positions (in both Afghanistan and Iraq), mostly within Special Operations, where they provide direct support to military operations. They do not function as mental health providers, and one of their core missions is to support interrogations."
The documents also uncover new information about the failure of Army medics to report the notorious abuses that took place at Abu Ghraib. According to the report, "enlisted medics witnessed obvious episodes of detainee abuse apparently without reporting them to superiors." One episode involved a detainee whose wounded leg was intentionally hit. Two others involved detainees handcuffed uncomfortably to beds for prolonged periods, such that one eventually suffered a dislocated shoulder and another experienced excruciating pain when eventually forced to stand. Another incident involved a medic who witnessed pictures of naked detainees in a pyramid but did not report the episode to superiors.
The unredacted sections of the report provide new evidence confirming the use of abusive interrogation techniques after they were no longer authorized. According to the report, "the use of some of the techniques…continued even until July 2004, despite the fact that many were retracted by the October 2003 memorandum, and some were subsequently prohibited by the May 2004 memorandum." The report goes on to blame dysfunctional command procedures for the military's failure to follow the law, stating, "the relatively widespread use of these techniques supports our finding that the policy documents were not always received or thoroughly understood."
"Four years have passed since the Abu Ghraib photographs were first published, and yet no senior official has been held responsible for the abuse and torture of prisoners," said Jameel Jaffer, Director of the ACLU National Security Project. "Senior officials made torture into official policy. Accountability is long overdue."
The documents made public today by the ACLU reveal new information on detainee deaths that were likely the result of abuse. The ACLU previously obtained autopsy and investigative reports for some of these deaths:
In November 2003, a detainee at Abu Ghraib in Iraq died with "compromised respiration." The Church Report states that "medical personnel may have acted to misrepresent circumstances." See: action.aclu.org/torturefoia/released/102405/3212.pdf
In November, 2003, a detainee at Forward Operating Base Tiger in Iraq died of asphyxia during an interrogation. The Church Report states that "circumstances should have led" medical personnel "to consider detainee abuse." See: action.aclu.org/torturefoia/released/102405/3212.pdf
In June 2003, a detainee in Al Nasiriyah, Iraq died of strangulation. His ribs and neck bone were also broken. According to the Church Report, the "investigation suggests he was beaten and then dragged by the neck by a guard." See: action.aclu.org/torturefoia/released/102405/3164.pdf
The House Judiciary Committee will conduct a hearing on May 6 to investigate the issue of accountability for the authorization of torture and abuse by high-level officials.
In October 2003, the ACLU — along with the Center for Constitutional Rights, Physicians for Human Rights, Veterans for Common Sense, and Veterans for Peace — filed a request under the Freedom of Information Act for records concerning the treatment of prisoners in U.S. custody abroad. To date, more than 100,000 pages of government documents have been released in response to the ACLU's FOIA lawsuit.
The newly unredacted documents and the full Church Report are available online at: www.aclu.org/safefree/torture/35110res20080430.html
In addition, many of the FOIA documents are also collected and analyzed in a recently published book by Jaffer and Singh, Administration of Torture. More information is available online at: www.aclu.org/administrationoftorture
The documents received in the ACLU's FOIA litigation are online at: www.aclu.org/torturefoia
There was a long time when I thought Mama Stamberg was one of my family members. It didn't help that the only time I'd come across her Cranberry Relish recipe was when it appeared in a handmade cookbook made for me, typed out on Word and haphazardly cut out and glued to a page. I didn't question the different last name that doesn't appear anywhere on my family tree. Why would I? That lady made an incredible Cranberry Relish and I was proud to call her Someone-In-My-Family's Mama.
Then I realized I was an idiot.
Fuck you, Google. Dream murderer.
So I decided it's time for a Mama Molly's Relish recipe to wipe out the shame my fake family member fake caused me to fake endure. And because I live in the now and I am hip and young and fresh and wow, it's going to include pomegranate seeds and sparkling pomegranate juice.
Don't worry though. I am no one's “Mama.” Unless you count being the mother of a extensive collection of yoga pants parenthood. Which I do.
MAMA MOLLY'S CRANBERRY POMEGRANATE RELISH
FoodNetwork taught me the fundamentals of cranberry relish-ing.
Serves a bunch. 8? 8 hearty servings? I honestly have no idea what size a serving of cranberry relish would be.
Ingredients:
1 cup of Kevita Sparkling Probiotic Pomegranate Juice, or regular old pomegranate juice
6 packets of Truvia (you might need more if you use a plain pomegranate juice)
12oz bag of fresh or frozen cranberries
170g or so (one small container from Whole Foods, in other words) pomegranate arils
some grated ginger
horseradish (optional)
Mama Stamburg is no mama of mine and I'm only 100% disappointed:
In a large skillet or wok-like pan or saucepan, combine the pomegranate juice and Truvia and bring to a rolling boil. Add the cranberries and pomegranate arils and bring down to a simmer. Add the grated ginger and continue cooking until the cranberries are broken down a bit and the liquid has thickened/turned more like a sauce. Add another packet or so of sugar if you feel you need to. Remove from heat. Stir in horseradish if you want a little kick!
Advertisements
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's decision to review a foreign worker visa program to ensure jobs are "offered to American workers first" has caused uncertainty for urban school districts such as Baltimore's that have long relied on teachers from overseas to augment their staff.
Trump signed an executive order this week directing federal agencies to reassess the H-1B visa program, which allows companies to hire 85,000 highly skilled foreign workers a year. While most are employed by computer and software firms, the visa is also used by doctors, fashion models and teachers.
Baltimore City Public Schools, which a decade ago hired hundreds of Filipinos to work in classrooms, still employs nearly 200 teachers on H-1B visas — one of the largest concentrations in the nation. School districts in Dallas, Houston and Los Angeles are among those that also rely on the program.
"It really is disconcerting," said Rogie Legaspi, who came to Baltimore from the Philippines in 2008 on an H-1B visa and now teaches life sciences at Hamilton Elementary/Middle School. "We're always on pins and needles."
Legaspi, who like others in the program has been seeking permanent legal status for years, said he and his family have never been comfortable settling down, have never bought a house and have never fully unpacked their belongings out of fear they will be forced to leave the country quickly.
CAPTION Anton Black's family speaks about “Anton's Law,” named after Anton Black, who died in law enforcement custody on Maryland's Eastern Shore. (Luke Broadwater, Baltimore Sun video) Anton Black's family speaks about “Anton's Law,” named after Anton Black, who died in law enforcement custody on Maryland's Eastern Shore. (Luke Broadwater, Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION Baltimore County Executive Johnny Olszewski Jr. launches a task force to look into sexual assault investigation in the county. (Alison Knezevich, Baltimore Sun video) Baltimore County Executive Johnny Olszewski Jr. launches a task force to look into sexual assault investigation in the county. (Alison Knezevich, Baltimore Sun video)
"We need to know we can just up and leave," he said.
Facing teacher shortages and more stringent federal qualification requirements approved under the 2001 No Child Left Behind Act, districts across the country stepped up their overseas recruitment in the mid-2000s. But in 2012, a study required by the Department of Labor found a larger supply of U.S. citizens willing to teach in Baltimore. Since then, the number of H-1B teachers has fallen.
Conservatives have targeted the program for that very reason, arguing it displaces American workers. Then-candidate Trump said last year that the workers are brought to the U.S. "for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay" and that he would "end forever" the use of the visas "as a cheap labor program."
Trump reiterated those same themes Tuesday in Kenosha, Wis., where he signed the order.
"Right now, widespread abuse in our immigration system is allowing American workers of all backgrounds to be replaced by workers brought in from other countries to fill the same job for sometimes less pay," Trump said. "This will stop."
But despite the attention given to the "Hire American" executive order, the document itself made no practical change to the H-1B program. Instead, the departments of Homeland Security and Labor, among others, have been tasked with reviewing the program and suggesting changes to ensure the visas are awarded to "the most-skilled or highest-paid" applicants.
It is not clear how the administration would determine which applicants are the "most skilled" middle school math teachers, for instance. It's also not clear how long the review process will take.
A State Department official did not address questions from The Baltimore Sun about how teachers would be handled by the review, saying only that "we are not going to prejudge the outcome of this review." An official with the Department of Homeland Security said it is premature to discuss potential changes.
The Department of Labor certified 17,072 H-1B positions in Maryland in 2015, the latest data available. More than two-thirds of those positions work in computers and software.
In all, the H-1B workers represent nearly four times the number of workers who received H-2B visas in Maryland, a program arguably better known in the state because it is used to hire foreigners for crab-picking and oyster-shucking on the Eastern Shore.
Though the H-2B visas have also been controversial and the subject of litigation, Trump's order was silent on them.
Johns Hopkins University was certified to have more than 400 H-1B positions in Maryland in 2015, making it the largest employer of the workers in the state. Dozens of biologists, biochemists and "medical scientists" at Hopkins are in the country on H-1B visas, according to Department of Labor data.
A spokeswoman for the university said Hopkins is reviewing the executive order to evaluate the potential impact.
School systems in Anne Arundel and St. Mary's counties were also certified for H-1B employees, albeit in much smaller numbers.
The Baltimore school system was also one of the state's largest H-1B employers, even though it now has only about a quarter of its original contingent of Filipinos, Legaspi said. Most are teaching in science, math and special education. Baltimore schools employ 5,158 classroom teachers in all, a spokeswoman said.
"The teachers who are on H1B visas with city schools were hired to teach in high-need subject areas and are valuable members of the city schools community," said Anne Fullerton, a spokeswoman for the system. "We remain committed to these teachers and to supporting them in the immigration process."
Fullerton said the district is reviewing the impact of the order and did not see a substantial impact "at this moment."
Still, the anxiety is real.
Meddo Swaby came to St. Mary's County Public Schools from Jamaica in 2008 on an H-1B visa and now teaches English and theater in the district. Like Legaspi, she has applied for permanent legal status, and is hopeful the latest order — and the recommendations that come out of the study — will not affect that process.
Swaby had spent time in the United States before joining the school system and said she "realized that there was a space for me to work and to contribute to a community that would have me."
Swaby, 43, said the district and the community have embraced the eight teachers who came with her on H-1B visas.
"The media talk about all of the workers going to Silicon Valley, but that's not the full narrative," she said. "I'm anxious about it, and I'm also anxious about those who are at the beginning of this process."
john.fritze@baltsun.com
twitter.com/jfritze
The Great Camera Shootout is back for 2011 with a brand-new breed of cameras and a fresh set of challenges. Our three part documentary follows Robert Primes, ASC CSC and his large scale, technical Single Chip Camera Evaluation (SCCE).In this series, you'll see side by side comparisons of the Arri Alexa, Sony F-35, Sony F3, Canon 5D Mark II, Canon 7D, Canon 1D Mark IV, Nikon D7000, Weisscam HS-2, Phantom Flex, Panasonic AG-AF100, RED ONE M-X and 35mm Kodak 5213 and 5219 film. Robert Primes brought in consultants, specialists and technicians from various areas of the motion picture industry to design a series of 12 tests and “On-Set-Challenges” to push these cameras to the limit. Each camera faced in-depth analysis in regard to sharpness, low light sensitivity, exposure, latitude, highlight detail, shadow detail, color quality, flesh tone reproduction, compression losses and shutter artifacts.
An advocacy group representing Franciscan priests, nuns and other parts of the order has protested comments by the recently named CEO of Donald Trump's presidential campaign suggesting Catholic leaders in America support immigration reform because “the church is dying” and needs new members.
Steve Bannon, tapped by Trump to oversee his presidential bid, made the comments during his radio program on Breitbart March 8, prior to his appointment to head Trump's presidential bid.
His comments “smack of anti-Catholic, anti-immigrant, racist undertones,” said a statement released Thursday by the Washington, D.C.-based Franciscan Action Network.
“Anti-Catholicism was once an ugly part of our nation's history, but no matter one's background or place of origin, the Catholic Church in the United States has always been a Church of immigrants and has ‘Welcomed the Stranger' as Jesus commanded,” the statement said.
“Pope Francis has called on us to build bridges and not walls,” said Patrick Carolan, executive director of the Franciscan group. “In the past Donald Trump has attacked the pope, and now his campaign is going after the Church itself. Enough is enough.”
“Our country has a history of racism, and Catholics and people of faith must speak out as the Trump campaign continues to disparage women, minorities, different religions, and the disabled,” Carolan said.
The context for Bannon's comments in March was an on-air discussion with Princeton law professor Robert P. George, who was part of a group of conservative Catholic intellectuals who had just issued an open letter denouncing Trump.
“I understand why Catholics want as many Hispanics in this country as possible, because the church is dying in this country, right? If it was not for the Hispanics,” Bannon said.
“I get that, right?” Bannon continued. “But I think that is the subtext of part of the letter, and I think that is the subtext of a lot of the political direction of this.”
Bannon also complained about Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan, accusing him of “rubbing his social justice Catholicism in my nose every second.”
The SKWAWKBOX
Thanks to Mike Sivier of the outstanding Vox Political blog for drawing my attention to this. I've been snowed under all week and had missed it – and it's too good to miss.
At the beginning of April, I wrote about the Tories' despicable and clearly intentional abuse of statistics to support their ‘reforms' and demonise disabled people (yet again) by suggesting that almost 900,000 Employment Support Allowance (ESA) claimants had dropped their claims rather than face medical examination.
On 11 May, I wrote to Andrew Dilnot, the head of the UK Statistics Authority (UKSA) after his ‘spanking' of Iain (Duncan) Smith for abusing employment statistics, to ask him to look at the far worse ESA distortion, and invited readers of this blog to do the same, which many did.
It turns out a Labour MP, Sheila Gilmore, was ahead of the game. On 9 April, perhaps as a result…
Imagine that California had remained a competitive state in elections — and imagine the crisis we would have had for the past two weeks as a result. YouGov's Will Jordan noted last night that the state has 2.8 million ballots still left to count nearly a fortnight after the election:
Per California Secretary of State, currently more unprocessed ballots there (2.8 million) than the TOTAL cast for President in 35 states. — Will Jordan (@williamjordann) November 21, 2016
The Washington Post's Philip Bump picked up on the news this afternoon:
Unsurprisingly, California is already recording more votes cast than any other state, according to U.S. Election Atlas. But the 2.8 million ballots left to count are more than were cast in Wyoming, Alaska, D.C., Vermont, the Dakotas, Hawaii and Delaware combined. Not all will be valid ballots, but most should be, further extending Hillary Clinton's 1.7 million-vote lead in the national popular vote.
Here's another thought experiment. What if the presidential election came down to the national popular vote rather than the Electoral College? We'd still be waiting for the conclusion of the election that way, too. David Wasserman's Cook Report spreadsheet shows Hillary Clinton ahead in the popular vote by just over 1.7 million votes. We'd have to wait out the count of the remaining ballots (plus handfuls in other states), and a recount in any state could very well push the conclusion out even farther.
So … what's taking so long? California's a big state, true, but ballot counting is a scalable function. This has become a chronic problem for the Golden State, one which prompted a number of conspiracy theories five months ago, when it took more than two weeks for the state to count up the ballots in its primary:
As the long, languid Democratic primary vote count in California continues, a theory has taken hold among some fringe supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders: that he actually won the June 7 vote. Internet sleuths of varying expertise have attempted to prove that the millions of ballots left uncounted on election night contained a Sanders victory over Hillary Clinton, but were prevented from being added to the count. The fact that 2.5 million early and provisional ballots were not yet counted when the networks called the primary has become another reason to doubt that the media can fairly cover the race. … When the networks called the race, 3,442,623 votes had been cast for either candidate, with Clinton leading by 438,537 votes. As of the last ballot update Wednesday morning, 4,693,010 total votes had been cast. Clinton's lead was at 445,366 votes. But the water-torture nature of the count, which processes as few as 25,000 new ballots a day, has dangled out hope for Sanders supporters.
Maybe it's time for California to update its voting infrastructure. Some counties use electronic systems such as Hart Intercivic's eSlate, which should allow for reasonably quick tallies and certifications. Most counties use optical-scan ballots from Premier TSX, ESS, Hart, or other vendors, which also should make election-night tallies relatively quick and painless. Los Angeles, one of the most populous counties, still uses the punch-card butterfly-style ballots that created a firestorm in Florida after the 2000 election. None of these should be a huge impediment to quick tallies, which still leaves the question as to why they can only count 25,000 ballots a day for those that don't get counted on Election Day.
Bump notes that the state's results turn out to be not terribly off the mark in terms of votes per elector. Some critics of the Electoral College claim that smaller states get a lower voters-per-elector ratio and gain an unfair disadvantage over larger states like California. In reality, California is more mid-range on that ratio, and it doesn't really make much difference anyway:
But notice how evenly distributed those red and blue bars are in either of those columns. Donald Trump won a lot of states where the voters are underrepresented in the electoral college, just as he won a lot where the voters are overrepresented. In fact, on average across states, places where Trump won had slightly fewer electors per voter than did Clinton states. On average, voters in states Clinton won were worth 5.28-millionths of an elector. (In other words, for every million voters, the state got 5.28 electors in the electoral college.) In states Trump won, the voters were worth 5.14-millionths — meaning they were slightly undervalued. (This is all assuming that Trump holds Michigan.)
Trump's still up by 11,000 votes in Michigan, according to Wasserman's count, so it looks like it's going to stay in the GOP column. California is going to stay in the Democratic column, of course, regardless of what the remaining 2.8 million ballots say, as Hillary already leads in the state by 3.5 million. However, it's still a good reminder that the Electoral College works pretty much as designed, and that Californians need to do an awful lot of work on their voting systems.
Turkey launches new overnight air raids against PKK: Army
ISTANBUL - Agence France-Presse
Reuters Photo
Turkish warplanes struck the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) targets in northern Iraq and eastern Turkey overnight, in a new air operation against the Kurdish militant group, the army said Oct.4.Turkish F-16 fighters hit 17 PKK positions in northern Iraq, destroying shelters used by the militant group, the army said on its website, listing three locations.The army said in a separate statement that the jets had destroyed fuel and ammunition depots in Hakkari province on the border with Iraq as well as in eastern Kars province.The strikes are the latest in an air campaign aimed at crippling the PKK, which has staged a string of attacks in Turkey since a two-year-old ceasefire fell apart in late July.More than 150 soldiers and police have been killed in PKK bombings and shootings since the return to open conflict, compared with over 1,000 in the militant camp, according to the Turkish government.
Western politicians and spin doctors cannot accept Russia's growing influence on the international arena and want to destabilize the country by trying to tarnish President Vladimir Putin's reputation, parliament members have told reporters.
“Broad discussions [about Russia] are being held in the West and the tone of this discussion is not favored by the authorities,” Konstantin Kosachev, the head of the Upper House Committee for International Relations, told RIA Novosti.
“People talk about recent failed attempts of Washington and Brussels to politically isolate Russia and tear its economy to shreds, encourage mass social protests and spoil our relations with neighboring countries, impose the West's will on Syria and damage the authority of the United Nations. If the Western leaders leave it as it is right now and allow these tendencies to fix themselves in the public opinion, this would mean that they accept the defeat of their geopolitical plans and abandon the dream of a unipolar world order,” he said.
READ MORE: Kremlin warns of planned ‘information attack' against Putin
The senator explained that these plans had been thwarted because of Russia's growing international influence, which, in turn, was closely connected with Vladimir Putin's work and personality. “It is likely that our opponents lack some real arguments and have to use their last reserve ‘artillery' – attacks on our president's personality and attempts to destabilize the country and push away any potential allies through discrediting the head of our state,” Kosachev said.
He added that a number of Russian opposition politicians would eagerly use the attacks on Putin for their own purposes in view of the forthcoming parliamentary polls.
The head of the Lower House Committee for Security and Countering Corruption, Irina Yarovaya, also said that the plans to launch a new anti-Putin campaign in the Western mass media were a reaction to the strengthening of Russia's positions in the international arena.
“The anti-Russian sanctions invented in the USA and imposed on its allies have already become a punishment for Europe. The refusal to enter the Russia-led anti-terror coalition has led to a wasting of time, the undermining of European values, and numerous casualties. Now the USA wants to evade the punishment for damaging the EU's economy and citizens, and is starting an information attack on our country,” RIA Novosti quoted Yarovaya as saying.
READ MORE: Putin warns security services of foreign plans to target Russian elections
The head of the Lower House Committee for Labor and Social Policies, Olga Batalina, also pointed out that the smear campaign against Putin looked like an attempt to influence the Russian elections in order to bring pro-Western politicians to power. “Putin's high ratings demonstrate that Russians are united in their estimates of the presidential course and of society's unity, which keeps Russia stable. Attacks on our president are attempts to destabilize the situation and help the pro-Western politicians controlled by the US State Department to come to power in our country,” the MP said.
She added that as there were no real facts to base the attacks on, Russia's enemies resorted to “floods of real dirt and lies” to achieve their goals.
The comments came soon after Russian presidential press secretary Dmitry Peskov told reporters that Western mass media intended to launch a new slander attack on Vladimir Putin, albeit using the same old tricks. Peskov also blamed Western special services and public groups connected with these services for attempts to destabilize the situation in Russia ahead of the elections by attempting to discredit senior officials and, above all, Putin.
Next week the EU's Agency for Fundamental Rights will present the results of two years' research into the discrimination and violence experienced by lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people in the EU and Croatia.
The LGBT survey received over 93,000 validated responses from LGBT people through a secured questionnaire. The data was processed and analysed by Gallup Europe.
Results will be presented in The Hague on Friday 17 May, the International Day Against Homophobia. The presentation will be attended by European Commissioner for fundamental rights Viviane Reding, several equality ministers, Members of the European Parliament, and civil society.
Conservative religious groups such as the US-based Catholic Family & Human Rights Institute already criticised the survey, regretting that straight people couldn't answer the questionnaire, and claiming the statistics are made up.
Sirpa Pietikäinen MEP, Vice-President of the LGBT Intergroup from the centre-right EPP group, commented: “I respect conservative Catholic groups' freedom of opinion, including on women's and LGBT rights—but I don't appreciate their way of criticising research even before it is published. In any case, they receive very little attention, even from centre-right MEPs.”
European Dignity Watch, a lobby group advocating for Catholic-inspired policies to limit access to abortion, stop stem-cell research and roll back LGBT people's rights, also criticised the research as early as April last year.
The group, which some suspect is linked to US neo-conservatives, claims the survey “fabricates [...] facts” and argues its results are worthless because the research was anonymous.
Sophie in ‘t Veld MEP, Vice-President of the LGBT Intergroup and Vice-Chair of the Committee on Civil Liberties, added: “I find it sad that these groups find any reason to criticise the work of the Fundamental Rights Agency whenever it promotes the rights of women or LGBT people. Their knee-jerk reflex shows that this survey is highly needed, and that unfortunately, equality still has a lot of opponents.”
The results of the LGBT survey will be made available online on 17 May.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., says he would face an enormous funding disadvantage if he were to run for president in 2016. Win McNamee/Getty Images
No one ever mistakes Bernie Sanders for Mr. Sunshine.
The longest-serving independent member in congressional history and self-avowed socialist sees America on the brink of oligarchy – and he's testing whether such a bleak message of alarm warrants the necessity of a presidential campaign.
In a funereal speech at the Brookings Institution in Washington on Monday, the junior senator from Vermont warned about a middle class in decline, a "grotesque" wage gap and a government of, by and for the billionaire class. He argued the actual unemployment rate is twice the size of the 5.7 percent plastered prominently in newspapers. He claimed the U.S. boasts the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on earth. He noted a boiling resentment bubbling through the veins of the country and spanning the full political spectrum, from progressives to tea party conservatives.
"They have every right in the world to be angry," he said.
Sanders is angry, too – and if he were to run for the White House, likely as a Democrat, he would attempt to channel that populist acrimony into a movement that could become an uncomfortable agitator for Hillary Clinton, the party's indisputable and inherently centrist front-runner.
But the 73-year-old Sanders isn't even sure if it can be done, or if he'll try.
In a candid answer to a question about his political viability Monday, he lamented the "absurd" amount of resources he would need to mount a serious campaign, both in the primary and general elections.
Even if he raised $100 from 2 million people – for a total of $200 million – he worried it wouldn't be enough.
"That is 20 percent of what the Koch brothers themselves are prepared to spend. Can you take that on? I don't know the answer. Maybe the game is over. Maybe they have bought the United States government. Maybe there is no turning back. Maybe we've gone over the edge. I don't know. I surely hope not. But we have to look at that reality."
David and Charles Koch – the libertarian billionaires commonly referred to as the Koch brothers – reportedly have earmarked nearly $900 million of their personal fortune for the 2016 campaign, on behalf of one or more Republican candidates.
The average contribution to Sanders' last Senate campaign was $45, he claimed.
"The gut feeling … that I'm going to have to reach is whether there is that willingness to stand up and fight back. And if there's not, I don't want to run a futile campaign," he said.
The tactical admission from Sanders about his own odds must come as a disheartening reality for progressives, who are yearning for a voice in the 2016 process and have spent months attempting to draft Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., into the race. (She has repeatedly and emphatically demurred.)
Even if the left expects Sanders to lose – he trails Clinton by 48 points in the latest New Hampshire primary poll – they still figure he'd fight.
Who else is there to advocate for a $1 trillion stimulus, a $15-an-hour minimum wage and universal health care?
Sanders said if he did run against Clinton, he'd wage a clean campaign that was laser-focused on issues of the middle class, climate change, trade policy, Wall Street and the wisdom of war.
On Monday, he called Clinton an intelligent, serious political figure who cares about issues as deeply as he does.
"It is not my style to trash people. It is not my style to run ugly, negative ads. Never have. Never will," he said.
But as he inches toward decision time – he has said he'd make up his mind in March – Sanders is clearly burdened by the system he's spent an entire career railing against.
"I am not Mr. Bloomberg of New York and I don't have billions of dollars," he said toward the end of his talk, referring to the former New York City mayor.
But if Sanders – the most ideologically pure liberal in the Senate – determines a campaign for the cause is too arduous, too futile and just not worth it, he'll only hand liberals more reason to be angry.
Actor Jacob Batalon rose to stardom this past summer after making his Marvel Cinematic Universe debut as Ned Leeds in Spider-Man: Homecoming, but he's not stopping there.
Since then, the actor has confirmed he will reprise his role in the sequel to Spider-Man: Homecoming, which is due out in 2019, but hasn't responded to other rumors. When Batalon was caught Snapchatting photos of Tom Holland (Peter Parker) in Atlanta, fans started to question whether he was going to appear in the fourth Avengers movie.
Polygon asked Batalon about whether his various snaps were a hint of what's to come for the character in future Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. Batalon, a sweet and charming 21-year-old, laughed, shaking his head and clapping his hands together.
“I can't say anything about anything,” Batalon said. “I will say — keep dreaming, keep believing and you'll somehow, someway find out the answer you're looking for.”
Spider-Man: Homecoming was one of Batalon's first big roles. In 2016, a management agency tapped him while he was living in Honolulu, Hawaii and asked him to audition for an unnamed Marvel project. Batalon said he was just graduating from school when he got the audition and, at the time, was worried about a future as a struggling actor in Hawaii. Now, he jokes, he doesn't worry as much.
“Now I'm just going with the waves of the ocean, flowing wherever it takes me,” Batalon said. “I'm definitely not questioning anything. I definitely have not been stressed since 2016, so I really can't complain.”
Since landing Homecoming, Batalon has packed his slate with movies. He's scheduled to appear in at least four more projects before the Homecoming sequel hits theaters. Even with the abundance of work Batalon has taken on, there are still a number of dream projects he would love to take part in. As a member of the Disney family, Batalon is closer than ever to appearing in a variety of Disney, Pixar, Marvel or Lucasfilm movies, but for Batalon, the end goal is a Star Wars movie — any Star Wars movie.
“I have been wanting to be a Sith Lord since I was 12,” Batalon said. “I've been waiting to do something crazy like this for so, so long. I'm really trying to get in the room [with Lucasfilm CEO Kathleen Kennedy]. Navigating everything ... it's still a process for me, but I would love to be in a main series movie. Even an anthology film! Rogue One is one of the best Star Wars movies I've seen from a writing perspective. I'd even be in an animated movie!
“I just want to do something with Star Wars so badly.”
It's no question that Batalon is a Star Wars fan. He's just as passionate about George Lucas' world as Ned is in Spider-Man: Homecoming. When he and fellow star Tom Holland were introduced to each other, they were given the Lego Millennium Falcon set to build as a way of bonding. The two quickly became fast friends, said Batalon, and joked that it was their mission to somehow get their hands on the Falcon to take home. Batalon told Polygon that as much as he tried to get the prop department to let him take the Falcon home, where he was going to put it on a mantle piece, nothing ever came of it.
“I was so close — like a foot away from it being within my grasp — but I couldn't get it,” Batalon said. “I remember joking, ‘I do all these things for you guys and I just want one toy!'”
A role Star Wars, because of its position within the Disney family, may no longer be a pipe dream. Another film that Batalon wants to work on, however, may be more troubling from a logistical standpoint. Venom, Sony's stand-alone movie about the Spider-Man villain, is a project that Batalon is excited about, but he doesn't know if any aspect of the Marvel Cinematic Universe will carry over to Sony's stand-alone films.
This has been an ongoing conversation for both Sony and Marvel Studios, with executive producers Amy Pascal and Kevin Feige giving different answers as to how the Marvel Cinematic Universe will play into movies like Venom. Feige has confirmed in prior interviews that Holland won't join Venom, adding that Venom will never appear in one of Marvel's Spider-Man films, either.
With that said, does Batalon have a chance? Ned is a minor character compared to Holland's Parker, and it would be a good way to give fans the crossover they're looking for.
“I'm a really big fan of Venom, but I don't know what they want to do with it,” Batalon said. “Whatever happens, happens, I guess. I have no idea what's going on. I'm definitely just as lost as everyone else right now.”
Spider-Man: Homecoming is available to download from digital retailers right now. The Blu-ray version of the movie will be available to purchase on Oct. 17.
DCI-P3, or DCI/P3, is a common RGB color space for digital movie projection from the American film industry.[1]
History [ edit ]
Early history [ edit ]
In the CIE 1931 xy chromaticity diagram the DCI-P3 color space covers 45.5% of all chromaticities and 86.9% of Pointer's gamut. In the CIE 1976 u'v' chromaticity diagram the coverage is 41.7% and 85.5% respectively.[2] The blue primary color is the same as sRGB and Adobe RGB;[1] the red primary color is a monochromatic light source and has a wavelength of 615 nm. DCI-P3 was defined by the Digital Cinema Initiatives (DCI) organization and published by the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers (SMPTE) in SMPTE EG 432-1 and SMPTE RP 431-2.[3] As a step towards the implementation of the significantly wider Rec. 2020 it is expected to see adoption in television systems and in the home cinema domain.[4]
On November 10, 2010, SMPTE published SMPTE EG 432-1:2010.[5]
On April 6, 2011, SMPTE published SMPTE RP 431-2:2011.[6]
In September 2015, Apple's iMac desktop became the first consumer computer with a built-in wide-gamut display, supporting the P3 color space.
On January 4, 2016, the UHD Alliance announced their specifications for Ultra HD Premium which requires devices to display at least 90% of the DCI P3 color space.[7][8]
In March 2016, Apple's 9.7-inch iPad Pro shipped with a display supporting P3 color.
In August 2016, the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 shipped with an HDR display[9] with 100% DCI-P3 color gamut.[10]
In September 2016, Apple's iPhone 7 shipped with a wide-gamut display, supporting P3.[11]
In October 2016, Microsoft's Surface Studio desktop computer was unveiled, featuring P3 wide color.
In October 2016, Apple's new MacBook Pro notebook was released with a wide-gamut display, featuring support for P3.[12]
2017 [ edit ]
In April 2017, Samsung released the Galaxy S8, which supports P3 wide color.[13]
In June 2017, Apple unveiled the second generation of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro and the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, both shipped with a display supporting P3 color.
In June 2017, OnePlus 5 was released with this feature.[14]
In September 2017, Apple unveiled the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus with support for P3 color.[15] They also unveiled the iPhone X which also covers 100% of P3 color.[16][17][18]
In October, 2017, Google released the Pixel 2, which covers 95% of the P3 color standard, and the Pixel 2 XL, which covers 100%. [19]
In November 2017, HTC announced HTC U11+ phone with DCI-P3 color support [20].
In December 2017, Apple released iMac Pro, featuring P3 wide color.[21]
2018 [ edit ]
In May, 2018, OnePlus Launched the OnePlus 6 which also like its predecessor covers completely the DCI-P3 color space. Also Xiaomi Mi8 covers completely the DCI-P3 color space.
In October, 2018, Google released Pixel 3 and Pixel 3 XL which both cover 100% of the P3 color standard. [22]
2019 [ edit ]
In January 2019, Asus launched the PQ22UC. A portable 21.6" 4K OLED Screen with 99% DCI-P3 Colour Gamut that can run over USB-C [23]
System colorimetry [ edit ]
RGB color space parameters[24][25] Color space White point Primary colors x W y W x R y R x G y G x B y B P3D65 0.3127 0.3290 0.680 0.320 0.265 0.690 0.150 0.060 P3DCI (Theater) 0.314 0.351 0.680 0.320 0.265 0.690 0.150 0.060 P3D60 (ACES Cinema) 0.32168 0.33767 0.680 0.320 0.265 0.690 0.150 0.060
DCI-P3 uses a pure 2.6 gamma curve and a white luminance of 48 cd/m2.[5]
DCI-P3 has a 25% larger color gamut than sRGB.[26]
Display P3 [ edit ]
Display P3 is a color space created by Apple Inc. It uses the DCI P3 primaries with a D65 white point. However, unlike DCI-P3, it uses sRGB transfer characteristics.[27]
Before discussing the vegan probiotic sources, let us give you a brief introduction about probiotics.
Probiotics are bacteria like organisms which play an important role in regulating our digestive system and boosting up the immune system. They assist the breakdown of food in out gut thereby resulting into its proper digestion. These extremely useful elements keep out gut in harmony. In addition to improving our digestive system, probiotics have many other benefits on our health like they lower the chances of diarrhea, prevent cholesterol levels from getting high and also provide immunity against viral, fungal and bacterial infections.
You must be concerned about the intake of probiotics. However, you can intake them in two ways- through probiotic supplements and by eating probiotic rich foods. But, it is always recommended to intake probiotics through food so that you can avoid the side effects of supplements. Yogurt is known as the best source of probiotics. But as veganism cuts the use of all animal products, yogurt is no longer an option for them. Though the plant based yogurts are also available in the market nowadays, but in many of them probiotics get destroyed during the heating process. Thus, it becomes little difficult for vegans to get the proper amount of probiotics.
But, now you don't need to worry. If you are a vegan, then you have many other non-yogurt options which are good sources of vegan probiotics. Here, we are going to enlist these probiotic rich foods that you can include in your diet.
1. Sauerkraut
Sauerkraut is tangy, crunchy and little salty that everyone will love to eat it again and again. It is prepared from the fermented cabbages and is loaded with probiotics. It is also highly rich in vitamin B and vitamin C components. Though you can easily get sauerkraut from market, but to get all its nutritional benefits, especially probiotics, you need to ensure that it is natural. When buying sauerkraut from the market, make sure that it is not pasteurized because pasteurization will kill all its useful elements. Another way of getting natural sauerkraut is preparing it yourself. Not only this product will provide you the required amount of vegan probiotics, but will also provide you good immunity against heart, skin and digestive problems. Sauerkraut also helps you to prevent cancer and strengthen your bones.
2. Water Kefir
You must be aware of the kefir which is prepared using dairy products, but here, we are talking about the water kefir. Many of you may not be aware of this kefir which is prepared from simple or coconut water. While preparing water kefir, you have the choice of using kefir grains or powdered kefir starter culture. But, it would be better if you use kefir grains as they contain more probiotics than powdered starter. You can also add some sugar for taste and to make it more nutritious, you can add some dry fruits to it. Water kefir is similar to Kombucha, but it contains more bacterial strain than Kombucha.
However, many people think that whether this product is equally rich in vegan probiotics as that of milk kefir or not. Though it contains fewer strains of probiotics, but it is the product on which vegans can rely for the intake of probiotics.
3. Kimchi
This spicy and sour dish is also prepared using fermented cabbage along with other veggies. It is rich in probiotics, antioxidants and vitamins that are greatly beneficial for our good health. Usually, cucumber and radish are used as additional veggies, but to make it delicious you can add the vegetables and seasoning of your choice. Though kimchi is also available in the market, but you should avoid buying it. In order to retain all its bacterial components, you should prepare it yourself.
As Kimchi is also prepared by using seafood or fish, vegans should check the ingredients if they are buying it from the market. All the weight conscious vegans will be happy to know that kimchi is low caloric food.
4. Tempeh
Prepared from fermented soy-beans, tempeh is a rich source of vegan probiotics. Along with that it is a good source of magnesium, folate, iron, vitamin K, fiber and many proteins. It acts as a natural antibiotic and provides great immunity against different kind of diseases. Vitamin K regulates the blood clotting, maintains the bone density and plays an important role in preventing the cardiovascular diseases. Folate is the best component for the development, repair and maintenance of blood cells. The color of tempeh may vary in your different recipes, but make sure that it does not get yellow, pink or blue as it is the sign of over fermentation.
5. Kombucha
Kombucha is probiotic superstar. It is the best source if you are looking for vegan probiotics. It is slightly fizzy and sour in taste. It is prepared using tea, sugar, bacteria and yeast, thus, it contains high amount of gut friendly bacteria. Along with that it is also rich in antioxidants and Vitamin B12. Kombucha plays a vital role in improving our digestive and liver functions. It boosts our immune system and provides an effective protection again cancer and other normal infections. Along with ensuring our wellness, Kombucha also helps us to enhance our beauty. The vitamin B12 improves the condition of our skin, hair and nails.
It is beneficial to prepare Kombucha at home to retain all its beneficial components, but if you are buying it from the market then ensure to buy from a reliable brand.
6. Miso
Prepared from fermented soybeans as a main component, Miso is considered as a great source of probiotics. It is a nutrient-dense food which is believed to alkalize the body, and neutralize the effects of pollution on our body. Along with providing the high strains of vegan probiotics, it plays an important role in restoring the beneficial probiotics to our intestines. It assists the assimilation and digestion of food in our stomach by preserving the digestive fluids in it. Including Miso in your diet will also protect you from prostrate, breast, lung and colon cancer. While preparing Miso, ensure that it is not overheated as it will kill all beneficial probiotics.
7. Sourdough bread
You won't believe that you can also get probiotics from bread. It is the sourdough bread which can provide probiotics to your body. This is a valuable dish for the people who are conscious about their body weight. Because it has lower glycemic index, it will make you feel full for longer. It is rich is lactobacillus bacteria which produces lactic acid in our body and thus, helps in the easier digestion of food. The fermentation process while preparing the sourdough leads to the production of healthy gut bacteria.
8. Sour pickles
You should eat sour pickles if you are looking for food sources of vegan probiotics. Whether you believe or not, they are good sources of probiotics. One thing that you need to consider while choosing pickles is that they should be prepared using sea salt and water instead of vinegar. It is because of the fact that vinegar will not assist the growth of beneficial bacteria in our body. If you are going to intake pickles as a source of probiotics, then ensure that they are fermented with bacterial cultures.
Nutritiously prepared pickles are good for strengthening our immune system, maintaining the blood pressure levels in our body and preventing the heart strokes. They also protect us against various types of infections which include cold, tuberculosis, pneumonia and vaginal infections.
9. Microalgae
Microalgae refer to ocean based plants like spirulina, blue-green algae and chorella. However, microalgae are not food in itself but it can be added to many other foods, like, you can add microalgae to your soup, sweet smoothie and other dishes.
These plants are rich in probiotics and when mixed with the other probiotic rich food, they will really boost up the probiotic levels in it.
10. Green peas
It has been recently discovered that green peas are good source of probiotics. It is the food item on which the vegans can rely on. This probiotic rich food source provides you protection against various infections and also improves the digestion in your body. As it is not expensive, you can take it in your daily diet. Though peas can be cooked via low heating, but is better to boil them for retaining all its probiotic components. You can cook them alone or can mix with any other vegetables. Peas can also be added to soup.
So, vegans don't need to worry about their probiotic intake. All the above mentioned foods are easily available and you can simply include them in your daily diet. However, beside these above given probiotic rich foods, you can also take probiotic supplements if your body is greatly in their need. But, while buying any supplement, make sure that it is approved by FDA.
Always try to intake the probiotic foods which not only boost up the bacterial content in your body, but also provide other health benefits.
We already got a brief introduction to the Spark Linux-based tablet, but details were a little sparse. Since then, a few more key bits of info have been added to its Q&A page, which might help sway your purchasing decision. That KDE Plasma Active UI we knew it'd be sporting will stare out at you via a modest 800 x 480 screen, and there's a 1.3 megapixel snapper tucked in alongside for video calling. The 1GHz / 512 MB internals we initially reported remain unchanged and the two USB ports and 3.5mm audio jack we saw in the pre-release picture above also get the official seal. There's talk of GPS making it into the next iteration, but for now you'll have to find your own way. The main news, however, is that pre-orders are pegged for next week, and shipping set for May. The initial focus is on Europe, but plans for it to arrive in US retailers are apparently underway. If that's suitably tickled your fancy, head on over the break and tap the source for more info.
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015
FCC backs off newsroom study
The Federal Communications Commission will amend a proposed study of newsrooms in South Carolina after outcry over what some called "invasive questions," the commission's chairman said Friday.
The survey was meant to study how and if the media is meeting the public's “critical information needs” on subjects like public health, politics, transportation and the environment. Now, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said questions about news philosophy and editorial judgment will be removed from the survey and media owners and reporters will no longer be questioned.
(On Media: Trump vs. BuzzFeed, Savage vs. Hannity)
The uproar caught on fire after one of the Republican commissioners, Ajit Pai, penned an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal last week blasting the survey and saying the government had no place in newsrooms. The FCC is required by law to conduct media studies.
"Any suggestion the Commission intends to regulate the speech of news media is false," FCC spokeswoman Shannon Gilson said Friday in a statement, adding that a revised study will be released within the next few weeks. Additionally, she said media owners and journalists will no longer be asked to participate in the pilot study.
(Also on POLITICO: The changed politics of late-night TV)
"Any subsequent market studies conducted by the FCC, if determined necessary, will not seek participation from or include questions for media owners, news directors or reporters," she said.
Follow @politico
Hadas Gold is a reporter at Politico.
Yoko Ono 's new art exhibition features a physical reference to a gag from a 1993 episode of The Simpsons.
The joke in question takes place in a season five episode, "Homer's Barbershop Quartet", which follows Homer, Barney, Apu, and Principal Skinner as they form a band named the Be Sharps - the episode loosely parodies The Beatles' rise and fall (George Harrison even makes a guest appearance). At one point, Barney visits the local bar with his new partner - "a Japanese conceptual artist" - who orders "a single plum, floating in perfume, served in a man's hat."
Ono has curated the exhibition, which takes place at the Reykjavík Art Museum and features a piece by Icelandic performance artist Ragnar Kjartansson. That piece is A Single Plum, Floating In Perfume, Served In A Man's Hat.
Ono's exhibition, YOKO ONO: ONE MORE STORY..., runs until 5 February 2017.
Remember The Simpsons when @YokoOno asked for "a single plum, floating in perfume"?
That's now part of her exhibit at Reykjavik Art Museum! pic.twitter.com/uQNgNTyhmc — The Future Heart (@TheFutureHeart) October 16, 2016
Empires and Allies is a fairly new game to the “Clash of Clans Genre”. It has been gaining a tramendous amount of popularity due to the increased feature set from your typical clash of clans game. With a new game comes new strategies, priorities, and goals. As the leader of a top 200 alliance and someone who has had great success at the game, I feel that I can share some early game strategies and priorities for new players. This quick guide will take you from HQ level 1-9. HQ level 9 is a great goal because it will be the place where you finally feel like you can both attack and defend effectively.
Attacking & Resources
Your main source of resources is by attacking. Always do quick match whenever possible. It will get you medals and that's what makes us a good alliance, medals. When Quick Match gets to difficult for you, switch to doing the NPC battles.
Base Priorities
Always be researching Accept that you will lose in defense for a while. It's ok. Just retalliate and get your medals and resources back. Rush to HQ level 8. This gives you tomahawks and level 4 tarmacs which are both very very important for offense. To accomplish the above you will need to constantly be upgrading your resource storage buildings. You should max out your bunker first at every HQ level so that it protects a higher % of your resources from being raided. Once you are able to, upgrade all tarmacs to level 4 Upgrade HQ to level 9. Once you are level 9 HQ you will stay there a while. It gives you everything you need to be offensive and defensive. Spend up to a week researching and upgrading all of your defenses. Switch 2 (NOT 4) Domes to the laser.
Attacking
Use your command abilities first to hit has many defensive structures as possible. You want to get enough extra command points to do a 2nd A10 and 1 missile. Use Tanks if your opponent has a lvl 8 or lower HQ. Low level bases are weak to tanks and the tanks will walk all over them. Bring 1 or 2 squads of infantry to handle spiders. Once you hit level 8 HQ bring at least 1 set of tomahawks. They rape things.
Protecting Resources
Until you hit level 9 and get your defenses up to a good level you should expect to lose many defenses. Assuming you're in a good alliance: Before you goto sleep you should use all the resources you can and give the rest away. If you'll need resources in the morning then put in resource requests as well. Pending gifts are safe resources that can't be taken from you.
Strike Forces
You should be sure to have your alliance and facebook strike force slots always in use. Your friends/allies get a care package when you put them in your strike force. Whenever possible, put your strike force on your tarmacs and Weapons Command building to give your offense a boost in battle. Whenever you won't be online for a while you should put your strike force team on defensive buildings to give your defense a boost.
HERO BALANCE CHANGES
Peacekeeper
Alternate Fire
Recovery time (i.e. the amount of time before McCree starts reloading) decreased from 0.75 seconds to 0.3 seconds
Bullet damage decreased from 70 to 45
Widow's Kiss
Alternate Fire (Scoped Shot)
Base damage decreased from 15 to 12
Note: Scoped shot damage multiplier remains unchanged
Headshot damage multiplier increased from 2x to 2.5x
Players must now wait for the unscoping animation to completely finish before scoping
Infra-Sight
Ultimate cost increased by 10%
BUG FIXES
Improved stability of the High Bandwidth option in Custom Games
Fixed a bug that allowed Mercy to gain Ultimate charge whenever damage boosting an ally who was attacking a barrier or Ice Wall
Fixed a bug that allowed Reaper to Shadow Step to unintended locations on certain maps
Fixed an issue with collision on certain areas of Dorado not blocking line of sight
A new patch is now live on Windows PC. Read below to learn more about the latest changes.To share your feedback, please post in the General Discussion forum.For a list of known issues, visit our Bug Report forum.For troubleshooting assistance, visit our Technical Support forum.Please note that many of these changes will be rolled into a larger patch for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One at a later date.McCree was performing too well against all targets, making him feel like a must-pick in many situations. By reducing the damage of his alternate fire, McCree is now significantly weaker against tanks like Roadhog and Reinhardt, but still maintains his lethality against smaller targets like Tracer and Genji.In the right hands, Widowmaker can often feel unstoppable—even when just landing body shots instead of critical heads shots. The changes to her alternate fire weaken body shot damage while leaving her headshot damage unchanged. Additionally, we felt her Ultimate ability, Infra-Sight, was coming up a little too frequently, especially considering its impact on the game.
The Sailor Moon Monopoly game is now out in stores and online. I got my copy from an EB Games store in Ottawa (the Canadian equivalent to GameStop) a while back and it seems like many fans have done the same. With the game in hand we can get a good look at exactly what's going on with the various pieces! As we'd discussed earlier this seems to be Sailor Moon S the game for reasons which I can't really fathom. The various characters are mostly all from Sailor Moon S, mainly the villains being the Witches 5, Professor Tomoe and Mistress 9 as well as the inclusion of all Sailor Guardians including Sailor Moon S's new additional Sailor Uranus, Neptune and Saturn. With the Viz video releases now having reached the end of Sailor Moon SuperS this seems an odd way to do it. Perhaps the game was simply in development for too long or this may have been an intentional choice as many of the Sailor Guardians introduced in this season would not appear in Sailor Moon SuperS and a Sailor Moon Sailor Stars Monopoly game would not be as recognisable to fans. For whatever the reasons, it's Sailor Moon S Monopoly!
As with many other versions of Monopoly this really is the same old game we've seen time and time again with a different esthetic. This was immediately obvious to me as I've played countless hours of the game in my youth and I even spent quite some time programming a Monopoly computer game in Turbo Pascal when I was a child (the game mostly worked well but lacked houses, hotels, Chance and Community Chest cards). This is good for purists who want to have the same game experience as normal Monopoly. One thing which I think is fairly odd however is the completely random grouping of characters for most of the properties. Allow me to rant a bit about each one.
First we have Luna and Artemis, as a single property, bundled with Mimette of the Witches 5. Wouldn't it have been easier to just use this, one of the only two pairs of properties, as Luna and Artemis? Mimette does not fit with Luna and Artemis at all. The characters don't ever actually interact.
Next we have Eudial, Viluy and Tellu. This actually works! They are 3 of the Witches 5 and since there are no sets of five properties (most are groups of three) this sort of works!
Then there's Cyprene/Ptilol with Kaolinite and … Sailor Chibi Moon! Kaolinite does have a brief interaction with Chibiusa at some point and the two characters do show up together in succession in the later versions of the Sailor Moon S credits. Cyprene and Ptilol fit only with Kaolinite. It would have made more sense to have put Mimette with her fellow Witches and then put Chibiusa with either her parents or maybe with Sailor Saturn!
Next is Sailor Mercury, Mars and Jupiter. There are all Sailor Guardians so this works decently. Aside from Sailor Moon they do spend some time together before Sailor Venus joins the show so I'll say this is one of the three less terrible one.
Next is Sailor Venus, Professor Tomoe and Sailor Pluto. None of these characters have much to do with each other, except perhaps for a brief interaction between Sailor Venus and Pluto in one episode of Sailor Stars. Sailor Venus belongs with the Sailor Guardians from the first season while Sailor Pluto fits in better with Sailor Uranus and Neptune or even with Sailor Chibi Moon. I would personally have put her with King Endymion but that's because I like trolling people. Professor Tomoe is a villain and if he's going to be paired with anyone but his fellow villains from the season it should probably be his daughter, and not the Sailor Guardians who steal his baby from him in Sailor Stars.
Next is Sailor Uranus and Neptune with … Tuxedo Mask! Naturally Sailor Pluto would have worked better here. There's nothing these two lesbians love more than the show's male love interest! At least Sailor Uranus and Neptune are together where they belong.
On the last side we have Sailor Moon with Sailor Saturn and Mistress 9. This sort of works since Sailor Moon fights Mistress 9 and sort of saves Sailor Saturn but these characters would fit so much better elsewhere. Saturn should be with her father or her friend Chibiusa and Mistress 9 could easily fit with the villains! It does of course work that two versions of Hotaru be grouped together.
Finally we have the only grouping that works well, and that is Neo Queen Serenity and King Endymion. The only issue here is that they don't really appear in Sailor Moon S so they don't fit with the game at all.
Other groupings make some sense! The railroads are all items, either Talismans or Sailor Saturn's Silence Glaive. The utilities are replaced by Sailor Moon's items, that being her broach and rod. Jail and Free Parking are unchanged. It seems like there's an opportunity here to use something a bit more Sailor Moon themed for these. Maybe Pharaon 90 sends you to the Tau Star System or something like that. A missed opportunity which leaves art which ultimately clashes with the rest of the game.
When it comes to the game pieces they are nice! These are the three Talismans, Sailor Moon's Cosmic Heart Compact and Spiral Heart Moon Rod, and the Holy Grail. They're all things and not characters but then aside from the dog most Monopoly game pieces are just things anyway.
The money is a bit odd. The colours and values are more or less kept from real Monopoly with different characters appearing on each bill. The money is all shown with an M with a slash through it. Moon dollars or something of the sort. It's not like Sailor Moon takes place in a universe they don't use normal currency. We frequently see prices and money in the series being yen. Is there some rule that a themed Monopoly came have some weird non existent currency?
Finally we have the Love and Friendship Cards. These seem to basically be Chance and Community Chest cards with the flavour language changed and the same dollar amounts and consequences. The descriptions of what is occurring are just random events occurring during Sailor Moon S.
Should you buy this game? If you wanted to I imagine you already would have! It's just one of a very, very, very long series of Monopoly games with images based on many franchises. The specific decisions made in adapting this game seem to be pretty poor as someone with a minor amount of effort would likely have been able to put together property groupings and other aspects of the game which work much better. It seems like someone with next to no knowledge of the franchise was given a list of characters, art and perhaps episode summaries of Sailor Moon S and that they threw together a version of Monopoly that superficially seemed to have made sense. For my money the Sailor Moon games by Dyskami Publishing are a much better way to play a Sailor Moon game.
Keep reading for more photos of this game.
Continue reading →
Good books should be reread throughout our lives for an assortment of reasons. One particular consideration that ought to drive us into the cultivation of this discipline is simply the passing of the years. As we grow older our changing insights, questions, experiences, and our deeper awareness of our own brokenness and inadequacy conspire together to make great authors more helpful to us than when we were younger and more immature. What may have bounced ineffectively off one's youthful, unformed heart a decade ago now lands with immense force, simply because you have become a more well-worn (and, hopefully, humbled) traveler in a different season of the journey.
Or at least this seems to me an accurate way to describe the unexpected impact Dietrich Bonhoeffer's little gem, Life Together, had on me when I returned to it recently. I remember not being very impressed with it in college. Such an indifferent reaction embarrasses me now. I had earlier read and loved his highly regarded The Cost of Discipleship, but Life Together seemed too focused on the community (rather than on the rugged individual taking up his or her own cross and following Jesus faithfully), too aesthetic, too gritty, and not enough occupied with deeper theological concerns. Don't misunderstand me to be claiming that I once thought it a bad book–far from it. But this Bonhoeffer piece didn't do much for me at the time, and was quickly forgotten. Renewing my acquaintance with it has been eye-opening in the best possible way.
I am tempted to try to highlight many aspects of the book's genius in the excitement arising from my new found discovery. But I will content myself here to let Bonhoeffer speak for himself on the reality of confession of sin. Admitting our trangressions regularly to one another within the Body of Christ is an increasingly lost art (for many reasons, no doubt). The final chapter in Life Together provoked a deep restlessness in me to see this trend reversed among followers of Jesus. What would it look like for this discipline, this habit, this routine to be reclaimed among us, to actually become normal when Christians gather together? To propel us in that direction, perhaps these selections from Life Together can stir up such holy desires and sanctify our imaginations at the prospect of what could be in our communities of faith.
First, Bonhoeffer illustrates how the confession of our sins to one another can lead us from isolation to community:
“He who is alone with his sin is utterly alone. It may be that Christians, notwithstanding corporate worship, common prayer, and all their fellowship in service, may still be left to their loneliness. The final break-through to fellowship does not occur, because, though they have fellowship with one another as believers and as devout people, they do not have fellowship as the undevout, as sinners. The pious fellowship permits no one to be a sinner. So everybody must conceal his sin from himself and from the fellowship. We dare not be sinners. Many Christians are unthinkably horrified when a real sinner is suddenly discovered among the righteous. So we remain alone with our sin, living in lies and hypocrisy…In confession the break-through to community takes place. Sin demands to have a man by himself. It withdraws him from the community. The more isolated a person is, the more destructive will be the power of sin over him, and the more deeply he becomes involved in it, the more disastrous is his isolation. Sin wants to remain unknown. It shuns the light. In the darkness of the unexpressed it poisons the whole being of a person. This can happen even in the midst of a pious community. In confession the light of the Gospel breaks into the darkness and seclusion of the heart. The sin must be brought into the light. The unexpressed must be openly spoken and acknowledged. All that is secret and hidden is openly manifest. It is a hard struggle until the sin is openly admitted…The expressed, acknowledged sin has lost all its power. It has been revealed and judged as sin. It can no longer tear the fellowship asunder. Now the fellowship bears the sin of the brother. He is no longer alone with his evil for he has cast off his sin in confession and handed it over to God. It has been taken away from him. Now he stands in the fellowship of sinners who live by the grace of God in the Cross of Jesus Christ. Now he can be a sinner and still enjoy the grace of God. He can confess his sins and in this very act find fellowship for the first time. The sin concealed separated him from the fellowship, made all his apparent fellowship a sham; the sin confessed has helped him to find true fellowship with the brethren in Jesus Christ…If a Christian is in the fellowship of confession with a brother he will never be alone again, anywhere…” (pp. 110-13)
Second, confession of sin to a brother or sister in the Lord can bring with it the grace of certainty, as we move away from the self-deceived and dangerous hypocrisy of attempting to confess (only) to God rather than to other Christians:
“Why is it that it is often easier for us to confess our sins to God than to a brother? God is holy and sinless, He is a just judge of evil and the enemy of all disobedience. But a brother is sinful as we are. He knows from his own experience the dark night of secret sin. Why should we not find it easier to go to a brother than to a holy God? But if we do, we must ask ourselves whether we have not often been deceiving ourselves with our confession of sin to God, whether we have not rather been confessing our sins to ourselves and also granting ourselves absolution. And is not the reason perhaps for our countless relapses and the feebleness of our Christian obedience to be found precisely in the fact that we are living on self-forgiveness and not a real forgiveness? Self-forgiveness can never lead to a breach with sin; this can be accomplished only by the judging and pardoning Word of God itself. Who can give us the certainty that, in the confession and the forgiveness of our sins, we are not dealing with ourselves but with the living God? God gives us this certainty through our brother. Our brother breaks the circle of self-deception. A man who confesses his sins in the presence of a brother knows that he is no longer alone with himself; he experiences the presence of God in the reality of the other person. As long as I am by myself in the confession of my sin everything remains in the dark, but in the presence of a brother the sin has to be brought into the light. But since the sin must come to light some time, it is better that it happens today between me and my brother, rather than on the last day in the piercing light of the final judgment. It is a mercy that we can confess our sins to a brother. Such grace spares us the terrors of the last judgment.” (pp. 115-16)
Third, Bonhoeffer reminds us that the only qualification for hearing confessions from others is living under the Cross. Those who are closest to the Cross–and therefore most removed from boasting in their own (non-existent) righteousness–are the safest people in the world for other sinners to open up to:
“Anybody who lives beneath the Cross and who has discerned in the Cross of Jesus the utter wickedness of all men and of his own heart will find there is no sin that can ever be alien to him. Anybody who has once been horrified by the dreadfulness of his own sin that nailed Jesus to the Cross will no longer be horrified by even the rankest sins of a brother. Looking at the Cross of Jesus, he knows the human heart. He knows how utterly lost it is in sin and weakness, how it goes astray in the ways of sin, and he also knows that it is accepted in grace and mercy. Only the brother under the Cross can hear a confession. It is not experience of life but experience of the Cross that makes one a worthy hearer of confessions. The most experienced psychologist or observer of human nature knows infinitely less of the human heart than the simplest Christian who lives beneath the Cross of Jesus. The greatest psychological insight, ability, and experience cannot grasp this one thing: what sin is. Worldly wisdom knows what distress and weakness and failure are, but it does not know the godlessness of men. And so it also does not know that man is destroyed only by his sin and can be healed only by forgiveness. Only the Christian knows this. In the presence of a psychiatrist I can only be a sick man; in the presence of a Christian brother I can dare to be a sinner. The psychiatrist must first search my heart and yet he never plumbs its ultimate depth. The Christian brother knows when I come to him: here is a sinner like myself, a godless man who wants to confess and yearns for God's forgiveness. The psychiatrist views me as if there were no God. The brother views me as I am before the judging and merciful God in the Cross of Jesus Christ. It is not lack of psychological knowledge but lack of love for the crucified Jesus Christ that makes us so poor and inefficient in brotherly confession.” (pp. 118-19)
“If we say we have fellowship with him while we walk in darkness, we lie and do not practice the truth. But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship with one another, and the blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin. If we say we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us. If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. If we say we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us.” (1 John 1:6-10)
“Confess your sins to one another and pray for one another, that you may be healed.” (James 5:16)
(Visited 1,043 times, 1 visits today)
Virgin boss Sir Richard Branson is urging the government to start campaigning for the single currency immediately.
The millionaire tycoon warns jobs will be lost and interest rates will be higher without signing up.
When so much of our national prosperity depends on it, we should expect our political leaders to act
Sir Richard's intervention comes after leaks on two successive days of memos to the government apparently warning of the risks of staying out of the euro.
The leaks have sparked a furious political row, with Euro-sceptics accusing the government of more "spin".
'Let the fight begin'
Writing in Wednesday's Independent newspaper, Sir Richard says the next election will in effect be a referendum on the euro and it is time to start winning the public over.
He writes: "We cannot be members of the single market without being part of the single currency, the euro. We must fight the xenophobia that surrounds so much of the debate."
The chairman of the Virgin Group goes on: "Manufacturing industry is in a state of meltdown and there is a risk that this will spread to other areas of the economy.
"We cannot wait any longer for the fight to begin. In life, fighting for a minority view is sometimes dangerous and painful.
"But when you know you are right, and when so much of our national prosperity depends on it, we should expect our political leaders to act."
Rivals 'catching up'
He says Britain has become much more business-friendly in recent years but adds: "We risk throwing away those advantages as our rivals catch up.
"They simply cannot see why we fail to do so when so much of our prosperity is at stake."
On Tuesday, Sir Richard warned that jobs and investment will be lost in the long run if the UK remains outside the single currency.
He said: "We should stop messing around and get on with it. Britain will lose jobs in the long run. British people pay much higher interest rates than their European counterparts."
Four other major foreign investors in Britain have urged the government to make a clear commitment to the euro.
Top executives from Mitsubishi, NEC, Nestle, and Linde Hydraulics have warned that the high pound is making UK exports uncompetitive.
But Euro-sceptics point out that investment in Britain remains high, despite not joining up.
ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Mike Caffey scored 24 points, Tyler Lamb added 16, and Long Beach State rallied to beat Xavier 73-70 on Sunday to place third in the Wooden Legacy tournament.
Temidayo Yussuf scored 15, Branford Jones 13 and the 49ers (4-4) shot 10 of 22 from distance, but were outrebounded 44-39.
Matt Stainbrook scored 19 and grabbed 12 rebounds for Xavier (5-2), which lost to UTEP 77-73 on Friday in the semifinals. James Farr had 11 rebounds.
The Musketeers led 22-14, but the 49ers scored eight straight to pull within two, 26-24, with 25 seconds to play. Trevon Bluiett's bucket gave Xavier a 28-25 halftime lead.
The 49ers rallied to a 43-39 second-half lead on a 3-pointer by Caffey, but Xavier stayed close and the lead changed hands for the fifth time, 58-44, after Caffey hit a jumper at 6:27. The Musketeers pulled within three, 73-70, on a layup by Stainbrook with 7 seconds to play.
Open source programmers who have been working to keep Google Wave alive hit a significant milestone today by submitting their open source Wave code to the Apache Software Foundation, The Register reports.
After a rocky launch and apparent difficulties in convincing users to try it out, Google announced that ended development on its much-hyped Wave collaboration tool back in August. Google Maps and Wave creator Lars Rasmussen has since joined Facebook.
Most well-known for the popular Apache web server, the Apache Foundation is home to nearly 100 open source projects. The Google Wave team previously announced that it was working on open sourcing the defunct service by combining the Wave server and client into something called “Wave in a Box.” Programmers from Novell and elsewhere joined in on the open source Wave initiative at the Google Wave Protocol site, and from there they submitted their work to the Apache Software Foundation.
The code is currently an incubator project at the foundation, which the Register describes as “a phase ASF projects pass through before becoming full-fledged projects.” There the foundation delves into the legal requirements of the code and builds a community around the project. By bringing the Wave project to Apache, the project will be able to attract even more contributors in a better controlled environment.
The submission document for the project points out that the code submitted to Apache is a combination of mature code from Wave proper, and immature integration code from Wave in a Box. The document says it “is quickly becoming highly functional and is already in a very ‘demoable' state.” The first Wave Protocol Summit was recently held in San Francisco and was attended by developers from several countries, companies and organizations.
Unlike fellow VentureBeat writer Anthony Ha, I didn't take too much joy in Wave's demise. I've been using Wave in small collaborative groups since it was released (mainly to prepare my technology podcast with my co-hosts), and I've yet to find a better tool for collaborating among a few people. I can certainly see why Google dumped the project though — nobody was ever very clear about what it could be used for, in particular Google itself. At least now Wave has the chance to live on as something anybody can deploy — which was exactly what Google wanted from the beginning anyway.
Ashton has scored 19 tries in 39 England appearances
Saracens wing Chris Ashton has rejected an England Saxons call-up after being left out of the senior tour to Australia this summer.
New Wasps signing Danny Cipriani is one of seven full-capped players selected for the tour to South Africa.
Head coach Ali Hepher has picked a 27-man squad for two games against South Africa A.
"The squad has a good mixture of experienced players and emerging talent," said Hepher.
Wasps wing Christian Wade, Gloucester's Matt Kvesic, Northampton's Luther Burrell and Kieran Brookes, and Bath's Dave Attwood and Semesa Rokoduguni are the other players with Test experience.
"It is an incredibly exciting opportunity for the players and management to prove themselves," Hepher added.
Ashton, 29, helped Saracens win the European Champions Cup and reach the Premiership final but was omitted from the 32-man England squad that will play three Tests against the Wallabies next month.
He missed this year's Six Nations, which England won under new boss Eddie Jones, after being given a 10-week ban for making contact with the eyes of Ulster's Luke Marshall during a European Champions Cup game.
Jones feels Harlequins star Marland Yarde is a "better fit" and has said Ashton needs to "fix" certain parts of his game.
Ashton was given a place in the Saxons squad before he decided not to accept it.
Danny Cipriani won the most recent of his 14 caps in August 2015
Monday's Saxons squad announcement came a day after Cipriani also failed to make the senior tour.
The 28-year-old missed out to Owen Farrell and George Ford for a place at the Rugby World Cup last year under Stuart Lancaster but took part in an England squad training session in Brighton last week.
With Saracens and Exeter players involved in Saturday's Premiership final, Jones needed to supplement his squad for Sunday's friendly against Wales at Twickenham.
Several of the Saxons squad - Attwood, Kvesic, Burrell, Wasps forward Tommy Taylor and Bath centre Oliver Devoto - will plug the gaps.
Exeter assistant coach Hepher will be assisted by Alan Dickens (Northampton Saints) and Andy Titterrell (Wasps) for the two games in Bloemfontein on 10 June and Outeniqua Park in George on 17 June.
Capped players in the Saxons party
Bath: Dave Attwood (22 caps), Semesa Rokoduguni (1 cap)
Gloucester: Matt Kvesic (2 caps)
Northampton Saints: Kieran Brookes (16 caps), Luther Burrell (13 caps)
Wasps: Danny Cipriani (14 caps), Christian Wade (1 cap)
The full Saxons squad
Forwards
Ross Harrison (Sale Sharks), Alec Hepburn (Exeter Chiefs), Tommy Taylor (Wasps), George McGuigan (Newcastle Falcons), Jake Cooper-Woolley (Wasps), Kieran Brookes (Northampton Saints), James Craig (Northampton Saints), Mitch Lees (Exeter Chiefs), Charlie Ewels (Bath), Dave Attwood (Bath), Dave Ewers (Exeter Chiefs), Donovan Armand (Exeter Chiefs), Matt Kvesic (Gloucester), James Chisholm (Harlequins), Sam Jones (Wasps).
Backs
Dan Robson (Wasps), Michael Young (Newcastle Falcons), Oliver Devoto (Bath), Danny Cipriani (Wasps), Christian Wade (Wasps), Semesa Rokoduguni (Bath), Sam Hill (Exeter Chiefs), Nick Tompkins (Saracens), Luther Burrell (Northampton Saints), Alex Lewington (London Irish), Sam James (Sale Sharks), Mike Haley (Sale Sharks).
Management
Head coach: Ali Hepher (Exeter Chiefs)
Assistant coach: Andy Titterrell (Wasps)
Assistant coach: Alan Dickens (Northampton Saints)
Team manager: Richard Hill
A big part of the fun that is Android photography is being able to more than your typical point-and-shoot camera. It's a camera lens strapped to a computer, after all. And one of the easiest (and coolest) shots to shot is a panorama. For the uninitiated (we know you're out there — it's OK), a panorama really is a series of images stitched together to form a single wide-angle shot. It's generally found as an option in your camera application, and you take a panorama by moving your phone so that it's able to capture much more than just a single field of view. Panoramas are fun, but they can take a little bit of practice. Here are a few tips for getting the best panorama shots you can.
Hold your phone vertically
You often hear us say never shoot video when you're holding your phone vertically. But for panorama shots, we're going to recommend it. And it makes sense. You're already going to get a wide shot, so the extra depth you get from a vertical image will make a big difference. It's also making it a lot easier to hold your phone when you're moving. Vertical video: BAD. Vertical panorama: GOOD.
Rotate the phone, not your body
This one feels a little weird, but it makes sense when you think about it. The smaller the pivot point, the better the image. You're going to be tempted to shuffle your feet while you're rotating your way through the panoramic field. (I'm a left-to-right guy, by the way, but most — but not all — phones let you go either way.) But it's actually better to keep the phone on an imaginary point in space and then rotate around that point. The more still the phone remains on that point as it rotates, the better the shot will be. Now this generally isn't a huge deal when you're shooting panoramic landscapes. But it becomes more apparent if there are objects in the foreground, or if you're doing one of those fancy three-dimensional "Photo Sphere" shots.
Keep level
Most camera apps will lend a hand with this one, but it's worth mentioning again: When you're sweeping your phone across the scene — pivoting on one spot, right? — you want to keep things as level as possible. And most camera apps will give you some sort of telltale for that. Maybe it's a single leveling line. Or maybe it'll tell you if you're getting off track. But the point is you want to keep level so nothing gets cropped out during the stitching process.
Use a different camera app
It's a big world out there. You're not limited to the apps that come with your camera. And a quick search of Google Play turns up a slew of other panorama apps, a good many of them free. We also recommend trying out Google's camera app as well, as it comes with Photo Sphere shooting built into it.
Think about where you're sharing
The official Twitter account of the Tsutaya media store chain revealed on Sunday the lead voice actress, theme song artists, and January premiere of Yōjo Senki: Saga of Tanya the Evil , the television anime adaptation of author Carlo Zen and illustrator Shinobu Shinotsuki's Yōjo Senki (The Military Chronicles of a Little Girl) light novel series.
The show's official website additionally confirmed on Monday that the series will premiere on AT-X on January 6 at 10:00 p.m. The series will also air on Tokyo MX, Sun TV, KBS Kyoto, TV Aichi, and BS11. AbemaTV will stream the series.
Aoi Yūki ( Puella Magi Madoka Magica's Madoka, Sword Art Online II's Yuuki) will play main character Tanya Degurechov (seen in visual below). Yūki will also perform the anime's ending theme song "Los! Los! Los!" The song's CD single will ship on February 22.
MYTH&ROID will perform the opening theme song "JINGO JUNGLE." The song's CD single will ship on February 8.
The show's characters include:
Tanya, the Imperial Military's aviation mage officer
Relgen, the Imperial Military General Staff Headquarters' service corps staff officer
Seetour, the Imperial Military General Staff Headquarters' service corps vice Chief of Staff
Visha, the Imperial Military's aviation mage officer
Ludeldorf, the Imperial Military General Staff Headquarters' tactical staff deputy director
The site streamed a teaser video for the anime last month.
The novel series centers on a young girl who fights on the frontlines in war. She has blonde hair, blue eyes, and nearly transparent white skin, and she flies through the air and mercilessly strikes down her opponents. Her name is Tanya Degurechov, and she speaks with a young girl's lisp and commands the army. Tanya used to be one of Japan's elite office workers, but because of a wrathful god, was reborn as a little girl. Tanya prioritizes optimization and career advancement above all, and she will become the most dangerous entity among the Imperial Army's mages.
Zen and Shinotsuki launched the novel series in 2013. Kadokawa's Enterbrain brand published the sixth novel on June 30. Chika Tojō ( Code Geass: Oz the Reflection 02 ) is serializing a manga version in Kadokawa's Monthly Comp Ace magazine.
[Via Yaraon!]
The Head of the Iranian Atomic Energy Organization Ali Akbar Salehi walks through a garden at the Beau Rivage Palace Hotel during an extended round of talks in Lausanne, April 2, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan Smialowski/Pool
DUBAI/TOKYO (Reuters) - Iran has begun shutting down uranium enrichment centrifuges under the terms of a deal struck with six world powers in July on limiting its nuclear program, Tehran's atomic energy chief said on Monday during a visit to Tokyo.
“We have already started to take our measures vis-a-vis the removal of the centrifuge machines - the extra centrifuge machines. We hope in two months time we are able to exhaust our commitment,” Ali Akbar Salehi told public broadcaster NHK.
NHK's website also quoted Salehi as saying it was important that there be “balance” in implementing the deal, signaling Tehran's stance that all sanctions against Iran should be lifted promptly in step with its dismantling of nuclear infrastructure.
Under the July 14 agreement, Iran is to curb its nuclear program under United Nations supervision to ensure it cannot be used to make a nuclear weapon, in exchange for the removal of sanctions that have isolated Tehran and hobbled its economy.
In a separate development that appeared to confirm that Iran had begun implementing its side of the deal, 20 hardline conservative members of Iran's parliament wrote to President Hassan Rouhani to complain about the deactivation of centrifuges in two enrichment plants at Natanz and Fordow.
“Unfortunately in the last two days some contractors entered Fordow and started dismantling centrifuges... they said they could finish the job in two weeks,” Fars cited the lawmakers, among those loath to accept the nuclear deal, as saying.
Iran's highest authority, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, conditionally approved the deal last month, but the lawmakers said that beginning implementation so soon was against his directives.
Centrifuges spin at supersonic speed to increase the ratio of the fissile isotope in uranium. Low-enriched uranium is used to fuel nuclear power plants, Iran's stated goal, but can also provide material for bombs if refined much further, which the West has feared may have been Iran's latent goal.
Turkish Prime Ministry Inspection Board cites ‘telekinesis' as possible cause of mysterious suicides
ISTANBUL
ASELSAN is one of country's leading military electronics companies, with multiple defense and technology awards in its history. Company photo
The suspicious suicides of four engineers working at the Turkish corporation ASELSAN could have been caused by telekinesis, according to a report by the Turkish Prime Ministry Inspection Board.The report, presented to the Ankara Public Prosecutor in accordance with the ongoing investigation over the 2006-2007 suicides, claimed the victims could have been directed toward the suicides by way of telekinesis, citing the work done by neuropsychology expert Nevzat Tarhan.Hüseyin Başbilen, an engineer at Turkey's military research and development enterprise, Aselsan, was found dead in his car on Aug. 7, 2006. A court ruled in 2009 that he committed suicide. Two other engineers working at Aselsan died shortly after Başbilen.Halim Ünal was shot in the head with one bullet on Jan. 17, 2007, while Evrim Yançeken fell from the balcony of his sixth-floor apartment nine days later. Burhanettin Volkan allegedly killed himself in 2009.Tarhan's study, included in the board's report, asked the prosecution not to disregard the possibility of telekinesis as a possible cause of the suicides, which could cause severe distress and headaches in the victims, giving them a tendency to kill themselves.The waves could be sent from 1.5 kilometers, and could direct victims towards a suicidal state of mind, Tarhan told daily Hürriyet.Tarhan said an overcharge of electromagnetics could have also had the same effect on the engineers, which would then indicate neglect.All three engineers were working on a friend-or-foe recognition system for Turkish warplanes at the time of their suicides, which had been brought back to public debate during the Ergenekon coup trials.Telekinesis recently made the news after journalist Yiğit Bulut claimed that certain powers were trying to kill Turkish Prime Minister Erdoğan through telekinesis. Weeks after his teories, Bulut was named a chief consultant for Erdoğan.ASELSAN is one of country's leading military electronics companies, with multiple defense and technology awards in its history.
Seattle Mayor Ed Murray's call to clean up downtown disorder.
IN an overlooked speech this week to business leaders, Seattle Mayor Ed Murray acknowledged the corrosive sense of disorder in the downtown core. He described hearing angst from vulnerable downtown residents who have to wade daily through open-air drug markets, and described receiving caustic letters from out-of-town visitors who say they won't be coming back.
Rallying the crowd to action, Murray said, “I need your help so Seattle can get its act together.”
The endemic problems of downtown Seattle have been tolerated for too long, as efforts to emphasize civility were cast as attacks on the homeless.
The daily disorder has reached a tipping point because the problems are worse, and because the heart of Seattle is pumping so strong.
The city center is now home to 49 percent of the city's employment — surging to a population of 260,000 every workday — and 10 percent of the city's residents. The fleet of tower cranes dotting the core is emblematic of the 25 new jobs added daily and the 24 new residents added weekly, according to a new report by the Downtown Seattle Association.
Seattle can't take this growth for granted. Tourists and convention planners routinely say they're reluctant to return because of the state of downtown. Since 2011, reports of major crimes downtown spiked by at least one-third.
“I don't think anyone else would allow what's happening in the downtown neighborhood to happen in their neighborhood,” said Greg Smith, a downtown resident and prominent developer.
These are old problems, but they've continued in Murray's first year. He now owns the problem. He must lead.
The fix should include, but not stop with, police. Seattle police already have an innovative model, called LEAD (Law Enforcement Assisted Diversion), diverting people arrested for low-level drug and prostitution crimes into social services. But the program is small in scale, and not widely adopted; to avoid arresting our way out of this problem, it should be.
The urban features of downtown add to a sense of disorder, particularly in Westlake Park. On a recent evening rush hour, the bulky art installations in the park's southern edge became cafe counters for visible drug deals, as customers stepped around piles of trash, clothes and a random office chair.
Is this what City Hall views as wise management of the city's living room?
No one has an interest in criminalizing homelessness or addiction. But the criminal justice system must differentiate predators from their prey. King County Prosecutor Dan Satterberg and Seattle City Attorney Pete Holmes, whose jobs are to go after the predators, must be integral in addressing downtown disorder.
So must the business community and property owners. The Eitel building at Second Avenue and Pike Street, for example, is a blight squarely in the tourist district — mostly vacant for decades, structurally unsound, seedy. How about a new policy? Step up, fix the eyesores, or face condemnation.
In his speech, Murray urged action to lobby the Legislature and Congress to finally provide a coherent response to mental illness and drug addiction. About time. Both are urgently needed, in downtown Seattle and elsewhere.
For too long the city has waited for other parties to restitch the social safety net, and allowed disorder to reign. Seattle needs to get its act together.
Information in this editorial, originally published Feb. 28, 2015, was corrected March 2, 2015. A previous version of this story incorrectly stated that 24 news jobs are added daily to the downtown area. Twenty-four new jobs are added weekly.
This has to rank right up there with one of the strangest stories I've ever seen. ESPNSoccernet today published an interview with German striker Lukas Podolski. Podolski has made 101 career appearances with the German National Team including at Euro 2012 and moved from FC Koln in the German Bundesliga to Arsenal in the English Premier League ahead of next season.
The interview was done by ESPNSoccernet's Nick Bidwell. Bidwell has done interviews with Manchseter City's Yaya Toure, Bayern Munich coach Jupp Heynckes and GK Manuel Neuer, and others in the past year. So, an interview with Podolski shouldn't be anything out of the ordinary, right? Except one slight detail.
Podolski says the whole thing is made up.
He posted the following message on his official Facebook page:
"Hey guys, on the ESPN website there is an interview published I never gave. It contains parts, which are completely made up. Please ignore it! Cheers, Poldi"
A screengrab is below as well.
The interview is featured prominently on the ESPNSoccernet homepage as you can see below from Saturday afternoon, an hour after Podolski's Facebook post.
Even more surreal, people have taken to the comments in the article to forward Podolski's statement about the interview being a hoax. Obviously, something isn't right here. Did Bidwell actually interview Podolski and include manufactured quotes? Have the two ever met or even spoken? Is Podolski misremembering something? Is the whole thing completely fabricated? It's hard to believe a writer at an outfit like ESPN would be able to just make up an entire interview in the soccer offseason, but then again, strange things like this have happened before.
ESPN has yet to offer an official response, but we have an inquiry in to the network to discover what happened. More to come as it develops.
UPDATE (3:25 ET): About 3 minutes after this article published, the interview with Podolski was taken down from the ESPNSoccernet website and replaced with this image. Hmm…
(H/T kselvig)
Written by: Bob Dylan
Come gather 'round peopleWherever you roamAnd admit that the watersAround you have grownAnd accept it that soonYou'll be drenched to the boneIf your time to you is worth savin'Then you better start swimmin' or you'll sink like a stoneFor the times they are a-changin'Come writers and criticsWho prophesize with your penAnd keep your eyes wideThe chance won't come againAnd don't speak too soonFor the wheel's still in spinAnd there's no tellin' who that it's namin'For the loser now will be later to winFor the times they are a-changin'Come senators, congressmenPlease heed the callDon't stand in the doorwayDon't block up the hallFor he that gets hurtWill be he who has stalledThere's a battle outside and it is ragin'It'll soon shake your windows and rattle your wallsFor the times they are a-changin'Come mothers and fathersThroughout the landAnd don't criticizeWhat you can't understandYour sons and your daughtersAre beyond your commandYour old road is rapidly agin'Please get out of the new one if you can't lend your handFor the times they are a-changin'The line it is drawnThe curse it is castThe slow one nowWill later be fastAs the present nowWill later be pastThe order is rapidly fadin'And the first one now will later be lastFor the times they are a-changin'
Copyright
© 1963, 1964 by Warner Bros. Inc.; renewed 1991, 1992 by Special Rider Music
Writer Anya Meyerowitz has been living with endometriosis since she was a teenager. Here she reveals how it affects her daily life and career
Endometriosis affects 1 in 10 women in the UK. The problem with a statistic is that it's just a number for many – it doesn't convey emotions, or pain or struggle – it's just the summary of a tick box.
So when you hear a statistic like 1 in 10 women in the UK suffer from endometriosis – a disease where the lining of a woman's womb causes lesions to grow on the organs – to the point that it affects their daily lives, relationships and careers, it's hard to understand what that really means.
Well what it means, for myself and other sufferers I know, is that for one week a month I become almost a different person. One who's deflated and anxious, where the slightest mishap can send me spiralling into a panic attack or at the very least floods of tears. I struggle to walk due to the pain in my legs as endometriosis plays havoc with my sciatic nerve (which runs from the back of your pelvis, all the way down to your feet). Sitting is equally uncomfortable because of the pain in my back.
10 things you need to know about endometriosis
Nausea and bloating mean my skin is often too tender touch and the accompanying abdominal pain can only be controlled by strong, prescribed painkillers and even then it remains at a barely manageable level.
In my first job out of university, desperate to prove myself, what I found most stressful was explaining to my managers what I was going through. If they were male I struggled with the embarrassment of mentioning my menstrual cycle and if they were female they often dismissed it as ‘period pains'.
I felt isolated and increasingly worried about how my career was being affected by my endometriosis. When I landed my dream job a year later though, I was determined not to let my illness ruin it for me and so I sought help.
I spoke to Emma Cox, CEO of Endometriosis UK, about how we could all still be a total girl boss while managing the chronic pain.
How can I manage the pain?
‘See if your company offers flexi-time or options to work at home, and discuss the options for you in your specific role. This can be especially helpful if you sometimes find commuting challenging,' Emma advises.
‘Be prepared at work by keeping a supply of things that will help you. This could be pain killers, heat pads or an extra jumper to keep you warm.' Many women experience feeling cold due to having high oestrogen levels. Oestrogen burns magnesium leaving less of it in your system. Magnesium has many functions but most importantly it enhances circulation around the body.
Take time off sick when you need to, and ensure that any time off due to endometriosis symptoms is always recorded as such. This is important for how sickness and sick pay is worked out in some companies, and how Statutory Sick Pay (SSP) is awarded.'
How do I cope with feeling anxious about it?
‘Many people can get overwhelmed by work so you're not alone if this happens to you. However, having a chronic condition like endometriosis can add another level of challenge. Take breaks during the day to give yourself a rest, and don't skip your lunch break.
Let your colleagues know you have a medical condition and what it is, so if there are occasions you are less able to help them and contribute they know why and your team can accommodate that.
If you can break down your tasks and plan your work you can link small tasks as leading towards bigger goals. This can help you remember the overall goals you have for work and for yourself.'
How do you explain it to other people?
‘Some women find it hard to explain endometriosis to their manager or colleagues, worrying they'll be thought of as moaning about their periods. But remember, this is a recognised chronic medical condition and something quite different to period pain.
If you work in a large organisation with an HR team, consider talking to them as well. Beforehand, practice how you're going to explain it with a friend. For example, you could say something along the lines of: “I have a disease that causes lesions to grow on my organs, especially within the pelvic area. It's a long-term condition and can cause chronic pain; it's called endometriosis.”
Think of some of the questions your boss or HR might ask when you tell them, such as what are the implications for work; how does it affect you; what could be the impact on your role. Your boss may never have heard of the condition, in which case rather than having to go into lots of detail yourself, you could give a brief outline and offer to provide further information such as an employer's fact sheet from Endometriosis UK.'
What rights do I have at work?
‘Make sure you discuss your medical condition with your manager and HR. They are there to support you as well as having a duty of care for you as an employee. You don't have to discuss it in lots of detail, rather ensure they are aware you have a chronic medical condition, of the issues you face, and the implications for your work.
Rather than presenting it as a problem, try and give solutions where you can, such as planning your work over the month to do more difficult or outward facing parts of the role when you're least likely to be affected, and saving routine or easier tasks to the times you may find things more challenging.'
For more information about endometriosis including symptoms check out Endometriosis UK who offer free online support and discussion forums for anyone affected by endometriosis It's free to join and register.
A group of scientists and others skeptical of global warming are asking President Trump to withdraw the United States from the United Nations' climate change agency.
The group of 300, led by high-profile climate change skeptic Richard Lindzen, said in a Thursday letter to Trump and Vice President Pence that greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide are not as harmful as most climate scientists say.
“Since 2009, the US and other governments have undertaken actions with respect to global climate that are not scientifically justified and that already have, and will continue to cause serious social and economic harm — with no environmental benefits,” the letter reads.
ADVERTISEMENT
“While we support effective, affordable, reasonable and direct controls on conventional environmental pollutants, carbon dioxide is not a pollutant,” it says. “To the contrary, there is clear evidence that increased atmospheric carbon dioxide is environmentally helpful to food crops and other plants that nourish all life. It is plant food, not poison.”
The U.N.'s Framework Convention on Climate Change is an international treaty that was established in 1992 and signed by more than 150 countries. The treaty requires countries to make certain annual disclosures about their greenhouse gas emissions, among other requirements.
It is under the treaty that leaders in 2015 wrote the Paris agreement, which includes non-binding emissions reductions.
Trump has vowed to “cancel” the Paris agreement. But shortly after the November election, Reuters reported that some advisers were exploring a pullout from the 1992 treaty altogether.
While the signers of the Thursday letter differ slightly on their exact problems with mainstream climate science, Lindzen has argued that the atmosphere is not as sensitive to carbon dioxide as most believe, due to other factors that counteract its greenhouse effect.
“It is especially important for members of your administrative team to hear from people like the signers of this letter, with the training needed to evaluate climate facts, and to offer sound advice,” the signers wrote. “Climate discussions have long been political debates — not scientific discussions — over whether citizens or bureaucrats should control energy, natural resources and other assets.”
Share/Follow Us: 101 33 49
Published: May 23, 2017
Security Research By: Vikas Singla & Jason Morris
Executive Summary:
Exploit:
The Split Tunnel SMTP Exploit allows an attacker to bypass an organization's email security gateway and inject messages with malicious payloads directly into the victim's email server. This exploit targets a newly discovered vulnerability in popular Email Encryption appliances as a backdoor. Injectable payloads can include anything that supports MIME encoding including:
Ransomware
Macro Viruses
Password-Protected ZIP Files
Phishing Attacks
Two successful attacks were conducted using this exploit. Details are included in the Attack Simulations section below.
Vulnerable Products:
Any Email Encryption appliance accepting inbound SMTP connections is vulnerable to this attack. Our research also found that virtual/hosted appliances were just as exploitable as hardware appliances.
Remediation:
We are unaware of any hotfix or patch that will fully protect against this exploit. At this time we have identified only two solutions.
1. Completely disable transparent gateway-to-gateway encryption on the encryption appliance.
2. Implement a parallel processing solution that can perform email decryption and threat detection at the same time.
There is no “quick fix” to protect against this exploit. Organizations will need to invest time and resources to identify and implement the best solution.
Technical Details:
Most email encryption appliances are deployed in 1 of 2 ways:
1. The email security gateway and email encryption appliance both sit behind an organization's firewall. Each of these MTAs is assigned a publicly accessible IP address. An attacker can bypass the email security gateway by connecting directly to the encryption appliance to inject messages. These messages are then routed straight to the internal mail server for delivery.
2. The email encryption appliance sits in front of the email security gateway, like Microsoft's Exchange Online Protection (EOP). Again, each of these MTAs is assigned a publicly accessible IP address. And again, an attacker can connect directly to the encryption appliance to inject messages. The email encryption appliance decrypts and forwards all email to the security gateway. However, when the security gateway analyzes email for threats it does so using the encryption appliance's IP address instead of the attackers IP address, rendering the threat protection ineffective.
Attack Simulations:
NOTE: To protect the target organization from an actual compromise these attacks were directed at an invalid mailbox. This allowed us to demonstrate the exploit by reaching the internal mail server without risk that a user may execute one of the payloads.
Attack #1: Exploit Successful
Microsoft Exchange + Onsite Email Encryption appliance
The first attack was designed for a target using Microsoft Exchange and an onsite Email Encryption appliance. The target we selected was protecting Exchange using a WatchGuard security gateway.
Step 1: Select Target
Excelsior Springs Hospital
Excelsior Springs, MO
400 Employees
Step 2: Reconnaissance
After selecting our target we used an automated reconnaissance script to collect public information about the target's email infrastructure. The script first identified the target's MX record. (image-1) Next, a brute force dictionary attack was employed to find the target's Email Encryption appliance. This attack uncovers all subdomains and their respective MX records. (image-2) We then used the Securolytics Exploitable IoT Scanner to test if port 25 was open on any of the MTAs we uncovered. (image-3) Finally, to quickly find a valid mailbox at the target organization our script used WHOIS to retrieve the target's public domain registration. In this example we uncovered a mailbox for Art Gentry, agentry-at-esmc-dot-org. (image-4)
Step 3: Test Email Delivery
We sent a basic email with a benign payload. This allowed us to learn how the target's Email Security Gateway and internal mail servers handle messages. As you can see, the target's Email Security Gateway accepted our test message. (image-5)
From: tifr-at-psles.com
To: test-mailbox-123-at-esmc.org
Subject: Hello World
Message: Hello
Server: mail.esmc.org
250 Requested mail action okay, completed
Our email was then delivered to the target's internal mail server and then to the user's inbox. Because we intentionally sent the message to an invalid mailbox, the target's mail server bounced our message as “undeliverable.” The dangerous thing about NDRs is they often expose too much information about a company's internal network. (image-6) In this attack, the NDR revealed the following about our target's internal network:
WatchGuard Email Security Gateway
Microsoft Exchange Server 2010 with IP address 10.2.100.253
List of Microsoft Exchange Build Numbers
Step 4: Test Malicious Email Delivery
After verifying our target had a working Email Security Gateway, we created and sent a message with a malicious payload. We disguised our email to look like it came from DocuSign and instructed the target to click “Review Document.” The hyperlink in this email pointed to a site that was actively distributing malware. (image-7) The name and SHA256 hash of the malware binary along with VirusTotal's analysis of both the URL and binary are listed below. As expected, the target's Email Security solution identified the malicious payload (URL) and rejected the message. (image-10)
571 Delivery not authorized, message refused
URL: hxxp://LASVEGASTRADESHOWMARKETING.COM/file.php?document=MzM2MGFteUBrb250cm9sZnJlZWsuY29tMjEzNQ==
VirusTotal's URL Analysis
Binary: Legal_acknowledgement_for_amy.doc
SHA256: 39cb85066f09ece243c60fd192877ef6fa1162ff0b83ac8bec16e6df495ee7af
VirusTotal's Binary Analysis
Step 5: Execute Split Tunnel SMTP Exploit
After confirming the target's Email Security Gateway was properly handling all inbound email (benign and malicious), we tested the Split Tunnel SMTP exploit. We resent the same message used in the previous step, with the same malicious payload. However, this time we directed the message at the target's Email Encryption appliance instead of their Email Security Gateway. The target's Email Encryption appliance accepted the malicious email. (image-11)
250 2.0.0 Ok: queued as 3BE32281A62
Earlier, we demonstrated that when an email makes it through to the target's Exchange Server it will either (a) be delivered to the user's inbox or (b) bounced as “undeliverable” if the mailbox does not exist. As you can see in the image below we received an NDR from Exchange confirming our email made it all the way through and our attack was successful. Further, the missing “X-WatchGuard” headers in the NDR indicates that our malicious email completely bypassed the target's Email Security Gateway. (image-12) This attack demonstrates how an attacker can use Split Tunnel SMTP to exploit the vulnerability in Email Encryption appliances.
Attack #2: Exploit Successful
Microsoft Office 365 + Hosted Email Encryption
This second attack was designed for a target using Microsoft Office 365. Unlike the 1st target, this one deployed Office 365 behind their Email Encryption appliance hoping to use Microsoft's Exchange Online Protection (EOP) to protect against malicious emails that come in through alternate paths such as the Encryption appliance. Unfortunately, as this attack demonstrates, this architecture is still vulnerable to the Split Tunnel SMTP exploit.
Step 1: Select Target
Christiana Care Health System
Wilmington, DE
11,500 Employees
Step 2: Reconnaissance
After selecting our target we again used an automated reconnaissance script to collect public information about the target's email infrastructure. The script first identified the target's MX record. We narrowed the search to Office 365 customers by filtering on records with *.mail.eo.outlook.com. (image-13) Next, a brute force dictionary attack was again employed to find the target's Email Encryption appliance. To locate hosted appliances we filtered on records where encryption MX record != target's domain. (image-14) And again, we used the Securolytics Exploitable IoT Scanner to test if port 25 was open on the MTAs we uncovered. (image-15)
Finally, as a reminder of how easy it is to find a valid mailbox we ran a WHOIS query on the target's public domain. We uncovered a mailbox for Karen Kedda, kkedda-at-christianacare-dot-org. (image-16) We wanted to learn a little more about Karen so a quick search on Google returned Karen's LinkedIn profile which confirmed she works as a Systems Analyst at Christiana Care Health System.
Step 3: Test Email Delivery
We sent a basic email with a benign payload. This allowed us to learn how the target had configured Office 365 to handle email. As you can see, the target's Office 365 instance accepted our test message. (image-17) Because we intentionally sent the message to an invalid mailbox, Office 365 bounced our message as “undeliverable.” You can see the NDR clearly shows Office 365 EOP used our sending IP address (80.82.x.x) to perform its inbound threat analysis and anti-spam.
From: lzgr-at-maildx.com
To: test-mailbox-123-at-christianacare.org
Subject: Hello World
Message: Hello
Server: christianacare-org.mail.eo.outlook.com
250 2.6.0 Queued mail for delivery
Step 4: Test Malicious Email Delivery
At this point in the attack we needed to confirm Office 365 Exchange Online Protection (EOP) would actually block our malicious email. We sent a message with a malicious payload similar to one used in our previous attack, with a few minor changes: (image-19)
1. Replaced the Docusign branding with generic branding.
2. Replaced the malicious hyperlink with a URL shortener redirecting to the malicious site.
3. Changed the sending IP to one blacklisted by EOP.
Again, the name and SHA256 hash of the malware binary along with VirusTotal's analysis of both the URL and binary are listed below. As expected, the target's email security, EOP, identified and rejected the malicious email. This time because our sending IP was already blacklisted. (image-22)
550 5.7.606 Access denied, banned sending IP [185.62.190.188]
New Hyperlink: hxxp://tinyurl.com/m7s5oer
New Sending IP: 185.62.190.188
URL: hxxp://LASVEGASTRADESHOWMARKETING.COM/file.php?document=MzM2MGFteUBrb250cm9sZnJlZWsuY29tMjEzNQ==
VirusTotal's URL Analysis
Binary: Legal_acknowledgement_for_amy.doc
SHA256: 39cb85066f09ece243c60fd192877ef6fa1162ff0b83ac8bec16e6df495ee7af
VirusTotal's Binary Analysis
Step 5: Execute Split Tunnel SMTP Exploit
After confirming the target's Office 365 Exchange Online Protection was properly handling all inbound email (benign and malicious), we tested the Split Tunnel SMTP exploit. We resent the same message used in the previous step, with the same malicious payload, from the same IP address. However, this time we directed the message at the target's hosted Email Encryption appliance instead of EOP. The target's hosted Email Encryption appliance accepted the malicious email. (image-23)
250 2.0.0 Ok: queued as F2AF7E082B
Earlier, we demonstrated that when an email makes it through the target's Office 365 instance it will either (a) be delivered to the user's inbox or (b) bounced as “undeliverable” if the mailbox does not exist. As you can see in the image below we received an NDR from Office 365 confirming our email made it all the way through and our attack was successful. (image-24) The target's hosted Email Encryption appliance decrypted and forwarded our malicious email to Office 365. It passed through Office 365 EOP undetected because sending directly to the target's encryption appliance added two additional Received headers to our message before it was forwarded to Office 365. When EOP analyzed our email for threats it did so using the hosted Email Encryption appliance's IP address (199.30.235.81) instead of ours (185.62.190.188).
This attack again demonstrates how an attacker can use Split Tunnel SMTP to also exploit hosted Email Encryption appliances.
View Full Message Headers
Try Microsoft's Message Header Analyzer Tool
Conclusion:
Our security research continues pointing to two major trends:
1. Cyberattacks are becoming more frequent.
2. Cyberattacks are becoming more sophisticated.
In a previous blog post we showed the biggest data breaches of 2016. As we compiled this list I remember being taken back by the sheer number of attacks. IBM's X-Force released a new report which found more than 4-billion records were leaked in 2016. That's more than the combined total from the previous two years. And Experian's 2017 Data Breach Industry Forecast predicts cyberattacks will continue rising in 2017, with Healthcare as the #1 target.
In the past few months we have also witnessed cybercriminals employ new tactics rendering traditional approaches to cybersecurity all but obsolete.
Mirai Botnet: IoT devices used in a massive DDoS attack
IoT devices used in a massive DDoS attack WannaCry: Government cyber warfare tools used to distribute Ransomware
Government cyber warfare tools used to distribute Ransomware Google Phishing: Trusted URLs used in a massive Phishing attack
So how can you protect yourself from the unknown threats of tomorrow? By taking a disciplined and structured approach to managing information security risk.
NIST's Risk Management Framework (RMF) offers such an approach built on a core principle of continuous monitoring. In fact, the recently issued Presidential Executive Order 13800 for “Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure” mandates agencies implement NIST's Framework.
Securolytics offers cloud-based solutions that automate implementation of NIST's Risk Management Framework. To learn more about our solutions please visit securolytics.io/enforce.
Sincerely,
Vikas Singla
Co-Founder & COO, Securolytics
Jason Morris
Senior Systems Engineer, Securolytics
UTMB offers patient a ticket to Mexico
SUBMITTED PHOTO 'I'H HAPPY': Brandi Valderrama kisses her husband, Francisco Martinez, as he holds their 6-month-old son. SUBMITTED PHOTO 'I'H HAPPY': Brandi Valderrama kisses her husband, Francisco Martinez, as he holds their 6-month-old son. Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close UTMB offers patient a ticket to Mexico 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
GALVESTON - Francisco Martinez wasn't happy about the free trip back to Mexico offered to him by a social worker at the University of Texas Medical Branch.
Martinez, 37, of Bacliff, broke his back Aug. 17 after falling off a ladder while working on the roof of a bait shop where he was employed.
UTMB doctors saved his life, but he is paralyzed from the chest down, can barely move his hands and needs special care.
The problem for UTMB is that Martinez is undocumented and has no hope of qualifying for workman's compensation or Medicaid. UTMB is forced to bear the expense of Martinez's care until another place can be found for him to go.
Experts say the problems confronting Martinez and UTMB raise ethical and social issues about the rights of undocumented residents and the costs when some are inevitably injured and require expensive long-term treatment.
Martinez said the social worker badgered him about signing documents that would allow the hospital to purchase him a ticket for Mexico. Martinez doesn't want to leave his common-law wife, who is a U.S. citizen, and their 6-month-old son. He refused to sign.
"If you don't want me here, just throw me outside," Martinez told the social worker.
UTMB declined to comment on Martinez.
Similar case criticized
The hospital was criticizedearlier this year for discharging an undocumented woman shortly before a scheduled surgery to remove a life-threatening spinal tumor.
UTMB issued a statement about the cost of treating undocumented patients: "This is a national issue and occurs most frequently in the border states."
The statement said the law requires UTMB to provide emergency care regardless of ability to pay and that the patient can be discharged only when stable or when his condition allows transfer to another treatment facility.
UTMB is not the only hospital to attempt the repatriation of undocumented patients as a way to avoid absorbing the high cost of prolonged care. The practice has become frequent enough to sustain MexCare, a Chula Vista, Calif., company that specializes in arranging patient transfers to Mexico, Central and South America.
Grady Hospital in Atlanta was stuck with 60 undocumented patients when it closed its dialysis unit in 2009, hospital spokesman Matt Grove said.The hospital hired MexCare to repatriate 10 patients, most of them to Mexico, Grove said.
Grove said the hospital was spending more than $4 million annually to treat its undocumented dialysis patients, making it cheaper to pay for a trip home.
Other hospitals
A spot check of Houston area hospitals found that Harris County Hospital District has helped seven patients return to their home countries over the last two years, but the cost was borne by their families, spokesman Bryan McLeod said.
Methodist Hospital refused to supply information and Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center did not respond to requests for comment.
The dilemma for UTMB is balancing its ethical obligation to ensure continuity of care with its efforts to avoid a financial burden, said Nancy Berlinger, a bioethics scholar at the nonprofit Hastings Center in Garrison, N.Y.
"This is particularly challenging to do when you have a patient who is low-income, undocumented and uninsured," Berlinger said.
Others are critical of repatriating patients.
"It's called patient dumping," said Bobbi Ryder, president of the National Center for farmworker Health in Buda, Texas. "It's when their care becomes too expensive."
Questions of care
Unclear is what kind of care awaits Martinez if he returns to Mexico. According to his medical records, "He will need a great deal of medical as well as social functioning support at discharge."
Pancho Arguelles, adviser to Houston-based Living Hope Wheelchair Association for spinal injury patients, has lived in Mexico and is doubtful that care will be available.
"His chances of good care will be very limited because there is a lot of pressure on the system," Arguelles said.
Martinez's wife, Brandi Collen Valderrama, 35, said her husband has family in Queretaro, Mexico, but they are poor.
Arguelles, who is acquainted with the Martinez case, said U.S. and Texas laws purposely ignore undocumented workers.
"The way the financial and political system works right now, there is a choice expressed in policy and budget of not protecting these workers," he said.
Arguelles said he understood UTMB's dilemma. "I wouldn't put it all on the hospital," he said. "If they don't have the budget, it's hard for them."
State Rep. Jose Menendez, D-San Antonio, has a bill pending in the Legislature that would impose civil penalties for patient dumping. Menendez said the bill would apply to Martinez's case only if the hospital failed to make arrangements for continued care in Mexico.
"Right now it seems like it's open season on undocumented people," he said. "My hope is that UTMB does the right thing."
harvey.rice@chron.com
In a fitting nod to International Women's Day, CBC's all-female comedy Baroness von Sketch Show was one of the knockout winners Wednesday night at the Canadian Screen Awards (CSAs).
And the timing wasn't lost on the female troupe.
As soon as the show's Carolyn Taylor stepped on stage to accept the best variety or sketch comedy program or series — the night's final prize — she blurted out "What an International Women's Day. This is wild."
The comedy, which starts its second season this year, also took home prizes for writing and picture editing. The troupe's Aurora Browne told CBC News she was delighted about the response the show has gotten.
"Just know it's like great. Come up to me on the street. I am happy to have that. I am happy to be accosted on the playground, that's great."
CBC picks up 18 awards
Fellow CBC comedy Kim's Convenience also nabbed multiple awards, including best performance by an actor in a featured supporting role or guest role in a comedic series, which went to Andrew Phung. Post-win, he said he wanted to go cry in a corner.
"I didn't think this would ever happen in life ... I have a degree in economics and I quit like a legit job to pursue a career in the arts in Alberta and it blows my mind that these things happen," he said.
Kim's Convenience cast members, from left to right, Andrew Phung, Andrea Bang and Simu Liu, walked the CSA's 'gold' carpet together. Phung picked up best performance by an actor in a featured supporting role or guest role in a comedic series for his work on the show. (Haydn Watters/CBC)
"To see people's reaction of them coming up to me in malls and at improv shows, coffee shops and telling me how they connect to it makes me so happy that we get to tell those stories."
CBC picked up 18 of the 43 awards handed out as creative fiction was honoured. Some of those trophies included:
Best performance by an actress in a featured supporting role in a comedic series: Emily Hampshire, Schitt's Creek, Bob's Bagels / Moira's Nudes​.
Emily Hampshire, Schitt's Creek, Bob's Bagels / Moira's Nudes​. Best writing in a variety or sketch comedy program or series: Carolyn Taylor, Meredith MacNeill, Jennifer Whalen, Jennifer Goodhue, Dawn Whitwell, Monica Heisey, Mae Martin, Baroness von Sketch Show — I Can't Believe This Used to Take Days.
Carolyn Taylor, Meredith MacNeill, Jennifer Whalen, Jennifer Goodhue, Dawn Whitwell, Monica Heisey, Mae Martin, Baroness von Sketch Show — I Can't Believe This Used to Take Days. Best writing in a dramatic program or limited series: Peter Mitchell, Murdoch Mysteries — A Merry Murdoch Christmas.
Peter Mitchell, Murdoch Mysteries — A Merry Murdoch Christmas. Best performance by an actor in a leading role in a dramatic program or limited series: Ben Carlson, The Taming of the Shrew.
Ben Carlson, The Taming of the Shrew. Best performance by an actress in a leading role in a dramatic program or limited series: Elle-Máijá Tailfeathers, Unclaimed.
Elle-Máijá Tailfeathers, Unclaimed. Best performing arts program: The Taming of the Shrew.
The Taming of the Shrew. Best animated program or series: The Curse of Clara: A Holiday Tale.
The Curse of Clara: A Holiday Tale. Best TV movie or limited series: Murdoch Mysteries — A Merry Murdoch Christmas.
Murdoch Mysteries — A Merry Murdoch Christmas. Best variety or sketch comedy program or series: Baroness von Sketch Show.
The leading ladies of Schitt's Creek joke around — and curse — at the Canadian Screen Awards. 2:40
'Who's that of Canadian celebrities'
Wednesday's gala was the second in the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television's week-long CSA celebrations. The evening, hosted by comedian Seán Cullen, recognized creative fiction content, in the drama, children's and youth, comedy and variety categories.
Cullen wasn't always politically correct, with jokes about deceased former Toronto mayor Rob Ford, as well as the performers in the room, whom he referred to as the "who's that?" of Canadian celebrities.
And while there were plenty of fresh faces, some Canadian industry veterans picked up trophies too.
Previous Next
Wendy Crewson, known for her roles in Saving Hope and the Santa Clause franchise, won best performance by an actress in a featured supporting role in a dramatic program or series for her role in Superchannel's Slasher.
"I'm stunned and shocked. I honestly did not think I was going to win," she said, where she feted the Canadian film industry. "I think we're the brand of this country and it doesn't always get recognized at home but it sure gets recognized abroad."
"This is what I have in my living room." <a href="https://twitter.com/rickmercer">@rickmercer</a> on the gold carpet at the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/CdnScreenAwards?src=hash">#CdnScreenAwards</a>. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cbcent?src=hash">#cbcent</a> <a href="https://t.co/5T3RYO62aE">pic.twitter.com/5T3RYO62aE</a> —@HaydnWatters
Space's sci-fi thriller Orphan Black took home the night's most trophies — seven — celebrating acting, writing, photography, editing, production design, direction and music achievements. Other notable winners included:
Best performance by an actor in a featured supporting role in a dramatic program or series: Kevin Hanchard, Orphan Black.
Kevin Hanchard, Orphan Black. Best writing in a comedy program or series: Jacob Tierney, Jared Keeso, Letterkenny​​ — Super Soft Birthday.
Jacob Tierney, Jared Keeso, Letterkenny​​ — Super Soft Birthday. Best writing in a dramatic series: Graeme Manson, Orphan Black — The Collapse of Nature.
Graeme Manson, Orphan Black — The Collapse of Nature. Best performance in an animated program or series: Martin Short, The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About Camping!
Martin Short, The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About Camping! Best performance in a guest role, dramatic series: Edward Asner (yes, that Ed Asner!), Forgive Me — Blessed Is.
Edward Asner (yes, that Ed Asner!), Forgive Me — Blessed Is. Academy board of directors' tribute: Helga Stephenson.
Two nights of the CSAs remain: Thursday's gala celebrates digital storytelling while Sunday is the flagship Howie Mandel-hosted awards show, which will be broadcast live on CBC-TV.
The RCMP probe that led to the removal of Vice-Admiral Mark Norman as the Canadian military's second-in-command also involves a high-powered defence industry lobbyist in Ottawa and an executive with a firm affiliated with a Quebec shipyard.
Multiple sources have confirmed the RCMP's investigation is focused mainly on Project Resolve, a $700-million plan to provide the Royal Canadian Navy with a much-needed supply and refuelling ship.
In addition, sources said, police have interviewed more than 30 individuals at the Department of National Defence, Public Services and Procurement Canada and Federal Fleet Services, the firm overseeing the delivery of the supply ship and an affiliate of Quebec-based Davie Shipbuilding.
The RCMP are trying to find out who leaked information in 2015 that the Liberal government was considering shutting down the project, which is on schedule to deliver the ship to the navy this fall.
The Mounties interviewed Spencer Fraser, chief executive officer of the Ottawa-based Federal Fleet Services, as well as Brian Mersereau, chairman of Hill + Knowlton Strategies Canada. Mersereau is Federal Fleet Services' Ottawa adviser and is registered to lobby the federal government on behalf of Davie.
On Jan. 9, 2017, the RCMP also raided the Ottawa home of Vice-Admiral Norman. Just hours later, Chief of the Defence Staff Gen. Jon Vance made the unprecedented decision to remove Norman from his job as second-in-command.
Norman has been off the job with full pay since Jan. 9. No charges have been laid against him or anybody else as a result of the ongoing investigation, on which the RCMP has declined to comment.
A spokesman for Hill + Knowlton told Postmedia that “neither H and K Strategies nor any of its employees are the target of an investigation.”
A representative of Federal Fleet Services said that “Federal Fleet Services, Davie and its employees are not under investigation.”
Under Project Resolve, Federal Fleet Services is converting a commercial vessel to provide fuel and supplies to Canadian warships at sea, a project approved by the previous Conservative government and supported by navy commanders, who see it as critical to the country's defence.
But the project has angered rival shipyards that had been promoting their own similar proposals.
In November 2015, CBC reported that the Liberals were delaying the program — a report that included details from a cabinet meeting, embarrassing the then-new Trudeau government and sparking outrage in Quebec about the potential loss of hundreds of jobs associated with the ship project.
Postmedia then reported that the Liberals' delay came two days after James D. Irving, co-chief executive officer of Halifax-based Irving Shipbuilding, sent a letter to various cabinet ministers accusing the government of pursuing a sole-source contract for the project.
That letter, addressed to Procurement Minister Judy Foote and Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan and copied to Finance Minister Bill Morneau and Scott Brison, president of the treasury board and a prominent Nova Scotia Liberal, asked that the plan to purchase the converted ship from Davie and Federal Fleet Services be paused and reviewed.
Two days later, cabinet ordered the project halted and began a review of Project Resolve. The Liberals eventually backed away from any plans to scuttle the deal with Federal Fleet Services, but the RCMP began investigating who may have provided information to the media.
In a statement to Postmedia, Irving Shipbuilding said it has made no complaints to the RCMP related to Project Resolve. “Irving Shipbuilding and our affiliated companies have no involvement,” said Sean Lewis, director of communications for the firm. Officials with Seaspan in Vancouver, which is to build the permanent supply-ship fleet for the federal government, also stated they did not raise any concerns with police.
Some observers see Project Resolve, expected to deliver a vessel on time and on budget, as a potential embarrassment to the government and the bureaucrats associated with the National Shipbuilding Strategy, a naval procurement effort that has been plagued by delays and cost overruns.
The Liberals' delay of Project Resolve sent shockwaves through the Royal Canadian Navy and the defence industry, since it had the potential to scuttle a key military capability.
The navy had been without refuelling and supply capability since the aging vessels that had performed the role were removed from service. In November 2014, Vice-Admiral Norman told a House of Commons committee that Canada could no longer rely on its allies, including the U.S. Navy, to resupply its warships.
The Liberal government has declined to discuss what led to Norman's removal, but both Sajjan and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau have said they fully support Vance's decision.
Norman's supporters, however, have raised questions about whether due process was followed. They suggest he is the target of a Liberal government embarrassed by leaks about its handling of the troubled shipbuilding program and by questions about Irving's influence in Ottawa.
In February, Norman's lawyer, Marie Henein, denied any wrongdoing. “He has at all times served his country honourably and with the sole objective of advancing the national interest and the protection of Canada,” Henein said in a statement. “It would be a profound disservice to us all if a national hero and widely respected Canadian who has served under numerous governments was caught in the bureaucratic crossfire.”
• Email: dpugliese@postmedia.com | Twitter: davidpugliese
On Tuesday, the sports world lost two coaching legends. NFL head coach Buddy Ryan and Tennessee Volunteers head coach Pat Summitt both passed away.
While both coaches were absolutely incredible, we saw coaches, players and fans from all over send their thoughts and prayers to the friends and families. On top of that, we got to hear some great stories about the two legendary coaches.
Specifically, there was one that we wanted to take a few minutes to talk about.
In an interview with NFL Network, Los Angeles Rams defensive coordinator Gregg Williams spoke about both Ryan and Summitt. He had some great things to say about both coaches, but there was one story he told about Summitt that was pretty outstanding.
Via the Rams' official site:
“I miss her greatly and she was a very strong influence on me too, way before even I was a high school coach, moved up to college coaching and pro coaching.” Williams began. “I am proud to say that the very first NFL game she ever went to, she came as my guest and was down there right on the fifty-yard line. Down there in the first two rows, and she told me after the game, she said ‘You know what? I know I had some pretty good seats because as soon as the National Anthem was over I turned around and the Governor was eight rows behind me. I let him know I had better seats than he did because I'm down here.'”
How great is that? Summitt's first ever NFL game was thanks to an invite from Williams. There's a story you can tell for years to come.
• Fifa will now not reveal cost of tickets until 19 July • Decision not because of unrest in Brazil, body says
Fifa shelved plans to announce ticket prices for the 2014 World Cup finals on Monday on the back of another night of protests in Brazil, where violent clashes outside the Maracanã stadium marred the Confederations Cup final. World Cup organisers had been due to reveal the pricing structure for next summer's tournament but it was announced at a news conference in Rio de Janeiro that this would now take place later in the month.
Although Jérôme Valcke, Fifa's secretary general, claimed the decision to postpone the announcement until 19 July was down to logistical reasons, many will question whether the demonstrations that have taken place in Brazil about the lack of investment in public services at a time when so much money is being spent on hosting the World Cup, forced Fifa to change strategy.
"We want to look at all the issues we have faced at the Confederations Cup," Valcke said. "We want to avoid having 10,000 tickets that are not collected two days prior to the game." Valcke added that there would not be a "big difference" in pricing from the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, where match tickets ranged from £14 (for local residents only) to £630.
Sepp Blatter, the Fifa president, predicted that the 2014 World Cup would be "outstanding" and declared the Confederations Cup a success, despite the public unrest in Brazil. Outside the Maracanã Stadium on Sunday night, where Brazil defeated Spain 3-0, police used tear gas and rubber bullets.
Blatter said: "Thanks to all those who have helped to make this competition such a success, despite the unrest and protests. I am happy to come to the conclusion now, with the sporting results and also — with at least the impression that — the social unrest is now resting. I don't know how long but it is now resting."
People of Maj'Eyal, my minions!
With the release of Tales of Maj'Eyal 1.0.0 I can now start to create new content again, branch into new campaigns, ... and this shall be great fun.
But there is one side of the game that is not as developed as it could and I wish to change that. It is however not something I can do myself: Modules!
So, in the spirit of promoting the creation of new, quality, games based on TE4 I would like to create a new contest!
During this year 2013 up until the 1st december your task will be to create new, amazing and fun games using TE4. Anyone can, and is welcome to, participate (except me obviously) !
When the contest closes there will be a big vote when ToME players can elect the "best" game.
Players will be asked to rate each game on fun, polish and innovation, the winner being determined by the best average of those factors.
In addition of fame and pleasure of having created a fun game the 1st place will also grant a 500€ reward, the second a 150€ reward and the third a 50€ reward (by paypal).
The rules to participate are as follow:
Game must be announced on http://forums.te4.org/ by the 1st of august (but you are encouraged to announce, and start dev much earlier)
Game must not use a modified TE4 engine (so taking the .team file should work on any ToME installation)
Game must not be a "variant" of ToME itself, it must be its own thing. Code from ToME can be used, but only in small parts (i.e: taking inspiration of the party code is fine, ripping half the class files is not)
Game must be complied with TE4 license (but it inherently does anyway)
Game graphics (if you choose to have) can not use the shockbolt tileset (which is licensed only to ToME)
Game graphics, musics, ... that are not code can be under a different license (and with the authorization of the authors obviously)
Game must be released by the 1st december (you can, and are encouraged to continue dev on it afterwards obviously)
Games are encouraged (but not required) to release often during the year. Remember for players to like your game they must be able to play it!
Games can be adaption of other games/roguelikes, as long as you respect copyrights, licenses and the wish of the authors
Game must be published at least on http://te4.org/ as a game module
You are very welcome to join #tome on irc.rizon.net where nice people can sometimes help you and post about your game/progress/questions in the modules section of the forums!
Now open your code editors and start coding!
PS: discuss on the forum there: http://forums.te4.org/viewtopic.php?f=40&t=36083
Salary negotiations are a common part of the hiring process -- but are they actually a form of gender bias?
That's what Reddit believes, and part of what inspired the company, under interim CEO Ellen Pao, to eliminate them.
Pao recently lost a high-profile sex discrimination suit against former employer Kleiner Perkins, and this is just one of several efforts to increase diversity at Reddit.
Some studies have found that women tend to be intimidated by the negotiating process compared to their male counterparts.
A recent UC Berkeley study found that gender stereotypes during negotiations can play out in other ways, too.
"Women are far more likely to be lied to in negotiations," said Laura Kray, one of the study's authors. "It's not inconceivable that, in asking for a concession, [women] aren't going to be given a fair response. This is one step in the right direction."
Reddit's move is rare, according to Joelle Emerson, who heads up Paradigm, a tech diversity consultant firm.
"I do think it's one strategy that could work to minimize pay disparities," said Emerson, who was quick to note that it's important to understand how salaries are set.
Related: Biased job ads -- This startup has a fix
Is it based on the individual's past salary? If so, that could perpetuate pay inequity.
"Reddit provides fair market salaries to provide all candidates with a more level playing field," said a Reddit spokeswoman in an email. "They do negotiate to convert cash to equity if they want more equity and lower salary."
Vaibhav Mallya runs OfferLetter.io, a startup that helps engineers and tech workers negotiate their worth. He has mixed feelings about the policy, but has seen female clients be less likely to ask for more money.
"Executing these policies in practice takes finesse and efforts," said Mallya, 26, who is an engineer. "This could backfire."
Mallya said Reddit's decision to allow for negotiation of cash versus equity raises questions: "How much? How little? It doesn't say. This itself is a kind of negotiation."
In a post on Quora, he elaborated, writing that Reddit's new policy required candidates to take a company at its word -- "and every company claims they're going to make a fair, standard offer."
Reddit did not comment on whether candidates are able to negotiate other benefits like vacation.
Related: 9 reasons to be hopeful about the future of tech
Both Mallya and Emerson say pay transparency is key to eliminating bias in companies.
"Transparency has to be attached," said Mallya, who said few companies have successfully done so. He cited Buffer than one of the few positive examples. The social media scheduling firm introduced an open equity platform one year ago.
"Every new hire should be seeing what most of the rest of the company is making, and other people in their org and level," wrote Mallya.
As a workaround, his startup recently launched Offer Drive, a means to democratize access to compensation data. Employees can confidentially submit job offers to find out if they're getting paid fairly.
"You can tweak the variables, but you need strictness and transparency," he added.
The Spanish government is considering moving its clocks back an hour to Greenwich Mean Time, abandoning the time zone it joined under the Franco dictatorship in a show of allegiance to Hitler's Germany.
Labour Minister Fátima Báñez told parliament on Monday that the government was studying the impact of moving Spain back an hour from Central European Time (CET) to GMT, a move which is felt would help workers to make an earlier start in the morning.
Spain is the farthest West of all countries on CET after General Franco switched the country to the same time as Germany during World War Two in 1940.
In Santiago de Compostela, the capital of the westernmost region on the Spanish mainland, Galicia, this week's official sunrise time is 8.56am, meaning that children are starting their school day in complete darkness.
Out in the Atlantic, the Canary Islands, like Spain's neighbour Portugal, already use GMT.
José Luis Casero, president of the National Commission for the Rationalisation of Spanish Schedules, welcomed the government's move to strike at “the heart of the question of Spain's late-hours culture in which prime time on the television runs from 10pm to midnight”.
Mr Casero said that the change should take place in March 2017 or 2018 when Spain would simultaneously comply with the European directive in putting clocks forward an hour and repeal Franco's decree, with the net result that Spain would be on BST instead of Central European Summer Time.
Still convalescing from This Week; but it helped focus my thoughts a bit more on the jihad against low interest rates.
What I realized is that Stockman, and many others, represent the latest incarnation of sado-monetarism, the urge to raise rates even in a deeply depressed economy. It's a long lineage, going back at least to Schumpeter's warning that easy money would leave “part of the work of depressions undone” and Hayek's inveighing against the “creation of artificial demand”. Nothing must be done to alleviate the pain!
I have to admit that the resurgence of sado-monetarism has come as a surprise. In the early stages, some readers may recall, there were many people — e.g. my colleague David Brooks — arguing that we should use monetary rather than fiscal policy to respond to the crisis. The hard task of persuasion therefore seemed to be one of explaining the zero lower bound and why it matters, the great difficulty of getting monetary traction and hence the need for fiscal action.
But now that the deficit scolds have killed fiscal policy, monetary policy is also under attack, and with even more vehemence. Yet there's something very odd about that attack.
The modern sado-monetarist view is, after all, very much centered on the presumption that markets, left to their own devices, will get it right, and that it's only the distortions introduced by money-printing central banks that cause bubbles and crises — which is why the Fed must stop its easing right away.
But here's the problem: for loose monetary policy to have the dire effects the sadomonetarists claim, markets must massively get it wrong, and hugely overreact to low interest rates.
Suppose, to take the obvious example, that your claim is that loose policy by the Fed caused the housing bubble, and hence all our current woe. Well, it's true that borrowing costs were relatively low during the bubble years. Here are mortgage rates:
Photo
So mortgage rates fell by about 20 percent from late-90s levels. If housing prices were the simple inverse of bond prices, this could explain something like a 25 percent rise. Realistically, you can adjust this either up or down; focusing on real rates would push the number up, realizing that there are other costs to buying a house would push it down. But one thing seems clear: on no rational calculation can the fairly modest interest rate decline shown above justify this:
Photo
Now, you could try to explain the doubling or more of housing prices in key markets by arguing that low interest rates were what set in motion a process of irrational exuberance, in which lenders and borrowers both got carried away; I would agree with Ben Bernanke that most of the evidence suggests otherwise, but your mileage may vary. The point, however, is that even if you want to make the Fed the villain here, you can only do that by assuming that markets are highly irrational and unstable. If they can overreact so drastically to loose money, why should you believe that they get it right in response to other shocks?
So sadomonetarism is intellectually inconsistent. It wants to blame central banks for all the instability in the economy, it preaches a doctrine of non-intervention, but it can only make the case by insisting that financial markets are irrational and unstable to begin with, in which case it's hard to see why laissez-faire makes sense under any conditions.
And no, I don't think the sadomonetarists have thought this through. Their position isn't intellectual, it's visceral: easy money=sin, and must not be condoned. And while everyone is entitled to his own viscera, this is no way to make economic policy.
Newly discovered documents from the Paradise Papers show the Liberal Party's top fundraiser, Stephen Bronfman, was directly linked to companies that were owed millions by an offshore Cayman Islands trust well into the 2000s — despite his strong denials he had any involvement in the trust after 1998.
The documents show how a Delaware-based company closely connected to the Montreal-based financier was owed $8 million from the Kolber Trust, set up for former Liberal Sen. Leo Kolber and his family in the no-tax Cayman Islands.
In a statement immediately after the release of the Paradise Papers leak and its revelation that key Liberal Party fundraisers were tied to offshore tax schemes in the Cayman Islands, Bronfman said his only connection to the Kolber Trust was a $5-million loan in 1997 that was quickly repaid within months.
"Stephen Bronfman had no other direct or indirect involvement whatsoever in the Kolber Trust," the statement said.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau quickly came to the defence of Bronfman, a longtime family friend who led the fundraising efforts for Trudeau's leadership bid and the financially and politically successful 2015 federal election campaign.
"We have received assurances that all rules were followed … and we are satisfied with those assurances," Trudeau told reporters during an overseas news conference last week.
Still, newly discovered documents from corporate registries, the Securities and Exchange Commission in the United States and the Paradise Papers database show that Bronfman was a key "member/shareholder" of Claridge Israel LLC— a Delaware company that was owed more than $8 million by the Kolber Trust.
One Paradise Papers document shows that as late as 2005, the "borrower" — the Kolber Trust — still owed Claridge Israel more than $7 million.
(Paradise Papers)
The documents show that the initial loan was provided by a Canadian numbered company and that the debt was later acquired by Claridge Israel LLC.
'Always acted properly'
Claridge Israel was set up as part of the Bronfman family's expansion into Israel, acquiring shares in the telecommunications and agriculture sectors. It is closely connected to Claridge Inc., the Montreal investment arm of the Bronfman family run by Stephen Bronfman as its executive chairman.
Bronfman's lawyer, William Brock, did not respond to a specific question about Bronfman's connection to Claridge Israel and the loan to the Kolber Trust.
"We reiterate that our client has always acted properly and ethically, including fully complying with all applicable laws and requirements, and any assertion to the contrary is simply not true," he said. "No further comment is necessary."
The Kolber Trust was set up in 1991 for Leo Kolber, Stephen Bronfman's godfather. (Fred Chartrand/Canadian Press)
The Paradise Papers documents also show that the Claridge Israel loan was later transferred to two U.S.-based trusts, including the Charles R. Bronfman Trust, also directly linked to Stephen Bronfman.
"This trust is primarily for the benefit of Charles R. Bronfman, and Stephen R. Bronfman and his descendants," a document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission says.
The Kolber Trust was set up in 1991 when Leo Kolber — Stephen Bronfman's godfather and at that time a Canadian senator — was head of Claridge in Montreal.
It was part of a larger network of companies that helped expand the Bronfman empire into Israel in the 1990s. Companies were set up in Nevada, Delaware and New York state and entered into financial agreements with the Cayman Islands trust.
The leaked documents show the Bronfman family loaned millions of dollars to the trust that would then be used to finance investments in Israel.
Massive document leak
Revelations that Trudeau's chief Liberal fundraiser was linked to an offshore trust rippled through Ottawa two weeks ago, after several national and international media outlets reported Stephen Bronfman was linked to the Cayman Islands tax scheme.
The story was part of the Paradise Papers, the massive leak of offshore financial data obtained by German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung and shared with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists.
For several days in Ottawa, the Conservatives and NDP repeatedly grilled the Trudeau government on the revelations.
"If the prime minister wants to restore any credibility on the issue of tax fairness, will he immediately order the Liberal Party to give back all the money that Stephen Bronfman raised for the Liberals?" Conservative finance critic Pierre Poilievre asked in the House of Commons.
The Liberal Party of Canada's chief fundraiser, Stephen Bronfman, attends the party's caucus retreat in Georgetown, P.E.I., on Aug. 28, 2013. (Andrew Vaughan/Canadian Press)
Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer said the revelations point to Liberal hypocrisy around tax fairness.
"What will he do now that close Liberal advisers have been named in the Paradise Papers and that they are the ones who allegedly used tax loopholes to shelter their fortunes?" Scheer asked in the House of Commons.
Trudeau said his government has committed significant resources to the Canada Revenue Agency to combat offshore tax dodging.
"You can rest assured that the Canada Revenue Agency will take very seriously its responsibility to go after everyone and anyone involved in tax avoidance and tax evasion."
Editor's note: A previous version of this story stated that NEXUS is only available to Canadian citizens. The pass is also available to permanent residents.
Certain NEXUS cardholders in the United States and Canada are being advised to temporarily avoid using the pre-clearance system after reports of travellers having their status revoked.
Two Toronto-based immigration lawyers have confirmed to Global News that they've received calls from people who have lost their NEXUS memberships — seemingly without violating any border rules — since Jan. 27, when U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order on immigration.
Government officials have also confirmed they are aware of similar reports.
READ MORE: Trump faces backlash over social media silence on Quebec City mosque shooting
Almost all of the cases reported to lawyers Stephen Green and Cyndee Todgham Cherniak have involved NEXUS members who hold citizenship in one of the countries affected by the Trump travel ban. But all of them also hold citizenship or permanent residency in either Canada or the United States, which is a prerequisite for the NEXUS program.
“This is something that is quite inexplicable,” said Todgham Cherniak, adding that the number of cases now extends “beyond coincidence.”
NEXUS allows a faster transition through airport screening for trusted travellers, who must apply to join. Applicants are subject to extensive screening, including in-person interviews, employment checks, travel history checks, criminal background checks and other verifications before they receive their card.
“Anyone who applied for NEXUS has gone through extreme vetting,” said Todgham Cherniak.
WATCH: Trump order for biometric screening could infringe on privacy of Canadians
Green said he thinks that the rules surrounding the travel ban still haven't been communicated well enough, meaning individual border guards are reacting to it in different ways.
“It hasn't gotten down to the people on the ground implementing the policy,” he said.
Trump's executive order placed a 90-day ban on entry into the United States for nationals of seven predominantly Muslim countries – Iran, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen.
Dual nationals are exempt from the ban, officials have confirmed, but NEXUS members on both sides of the border who hold citizenship in one of those Middle Eastern countries should avoid crossing if possible, said Todgham Cherniak.
“Wait until things settle down a little bit,” she advised.
“If you don't have to travel to the United States, if you're flying overseas, don't fly through LaGuardia (airport), fly Air Canada direct to London or Hong Kong or wherever it is you're going.”
Green agreed that it's best to stay away from the border, adding that the two people who contacted his office had their NEXUS membership revoked as they attempted to cross.
“Don't enter the United Stated yet, and don't leave the United States if you're there with your NEXUS pass, until it becomes clear,” he advised travellers with dual-citizenship from one of the seven nations.
WATCH: Hundreds of Comcast employees walk out in protest over Trump's travel ban
‘No longer of good character'?
But even staying home may not prevent headaches. According to Todgham Cherniak, the five cases that she has seen were people who had not travelled at all within the past week. They simply received a letter advising them their NEXUS membership was now invalid because they “no longer meet eligibility requirements.”
That's a standard form letter, she noted, and she sees it all the time.
“Usually it's when someone has breached a customs law, or they've breached a rule of the NEXUS program, every so often someone's been arrested so they no longer meet eligibility requirements.”
But another basis for revocation, rarely used by officials, is that the card-holder is “no longer of good character.” That may be what's happening to people with these particular dual-nationalities.
Revoking a NEXUS membership is entirely left to the discretion of border officials in Canada and the U.S.
READ MORE: Trump calls it a travel ban, White House says it's not a ban. So what is Trump's immigration order?
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Friday in the House of Commons that anyone who has their NEXUS membership revoked can appeal to an ombudsman in Canada.
“If people feel that they have been in fact unfairly treated by the process on either side of the border there is an appeal process,” Goodale said.
“Obviously on a governmental level we will be working with our American counterparts to make sure that rules are properly and fairly administered, and that Canadians have the access they are entitled to with a Canadian passport.”
Todgham Cherniak acknowledged that there is a two-step appeal process in Canada, but appealing any NEXUS decisions made by the U.S. can be very time-consuming and often fruitless.
“It does take time, and it does take money,” she said.
By Hsieh Chieh-yu and Jason Pan / Staff reporter, with staff writer
A Buddhist monk in Nantou County apologized for disregarding the Buddhist tradition of strict adherence to vegetarianism when he was reportedly caught shoplifting packets of beef jerky at a convenience store last week.
After his arrest on shoplifting charges, the 60-year-old reportedly said: “It was the covetous desire inside me, I am very sorry, I have let Lord Buddha down.”
“I don't know why, but lately I had this craving for meat,” he reportedly said when questioned by police.
In Taiwanese Buddhism, monks and nuns must strictly avoid killing creatures and eating meat. They must also remain celibate and refrain from consuming alcohol or other intoxicants.
According to a police statement, the suspect had visited several monasteries around Taiwan, and in recent months, he took up residence at a Zen Buddhist temple in Nantou.
The police expressed surprise at discovering that the shoplifting suspect had been educated abroad, obtained a master's degree at a US university and also holds the position of “master” in Buddhist temples.
In total, he is said to have shop-lifted spiced beef jerky three times from a convenience store near the temple.
The store alleged last month that the monk had taken beef jerky that sells at NT$60 a packet. The monk, wearing his cassock, reportedly returned a week later.
A store employee said that when they took the inventory that night, they found that spiced beef jerky packets were missing.
A scan of the in-store surveillance camera footage showed the monk took the beef jerky and ate it while seated inside the store, store representatives said.
Last week, the monk visited again and the store surveillance camera reportedly caught him pocketing the same brand of spiced beef jerky.
Before he walked out, the local police were called.
The monk at first denied having done anything wrong, saying: “I came to the store to buy things, why should I be searched?”
After the store produced the videotape evidence, police said the monk became “flustered” and tried to explain, saying: “I was careless and forgot to pay. I would like to make reparations and pay the store.”
The police said they arrested the monk on a charge of theft.
A spokesperson for the Religion Trade Union of Nantou County said the case should be a lesson for all monks, as the requirement of abstinence from eating meat had been violated and that stealing things is an indictable crime.
He said the first Buddhist precept is “no killing,” requiring monks and nuns to practice vegetarianism to reduce the suffering of living creatures.
Let's dispense with any drama: We cannot endorse Bill de Blasio for re-election. Nor can we back his main opponent, Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis. The incumbent is undeserving, the challenger unprepared.
The mayor's refusal to meet with our editorial board either this year or in 2013 conveys disrespect if not disdain for the business community. It's a missed opportunity as well because the mayor would benefit from hearing employers' concerns and could make a case that some of his policies benefit them. Perhaps the Democratic incumbent fears that doing so would undermine his effort to be seen as the pre-eminent champion of all things progressive. As if one cannot be pro-business at the same time.
Malliotakis, for her part, has done the city (and her career) a service by running when no other credible Republican would. Unfortunately she is not ready for the job. Her career in office consists of seven years in the powerless Assembly minority. Given her minimal management experience, she ought to have made her campaign one of big ideas. Yet she has proposed not a single one. Instead she has mostly criticized de Blasio, and even there she has fallen short. She expresses reservations about his business mandates and spending but does not make a strong case against them.
The major issues elicit no great insights from Malliotakis. Her solution for homelessness is more supportive housing, which is appropriate for addicts or the mentally ill but not for the families filling most shelter beds. She would combat the drug scourge by jailing dealers longer and seizing more narcotics—a naive and failed approach straight out of the 1980s. She is "open" to congestion pricing to ease traffic and fund mass transit, but, lamely, will not commit to it.
Malliotakis is certainly more likable than de Blasio, who is often sanctimonious, arrogant, defensive, condescending and hypocritical. For a Democratic mayor in a Democratic city presiding over record-low crime and a healthy economy, it is quite a feat to have mediocre approval ratings. Blame his incessant puffery (everything is "historic" and "transcendent"), narrow focus on inequality, haughty dismissal of criticism, taking the business community for granted and almost never admitting a mistake. He asked landlords to cut their carbon emissions but defiantly continued taking SUV motorcades from Gracie Mansion to Park Slope for workouts—decrying "cheap symbolism" rather than leading by example.
Welcome to Summer Mechanics Online by RELATE
Mechanics Online is designed as a second course in Introductory Newtonian Mechanics. The summer 2013 course is intended for teachers, advanced high school students, and curious and dedicated individuals who have some familiarity with introductory mechanics. The RELATE course is more challenging than a standard high school or introductory college physics offering. We assume that you already know F=ma, and concentrate on giving you a global view of mechanics that combines with a systematic procedure for solving challenging problems – especially those involving several concepts at once.
What is Mechanics? Mechanics is the study of how forces change motion. Newton's Law F=ma leads rigorously to concepts like momentum, torque, work, and energy. These concepts underlie physics and other sciences, and form the foundation for many branches of engineering, starting with Mechanical Engineering.
Why might you want to take this course? Take it to increase your mechanics expertise, to prepare for advanced standing exams, to improve your teaching, or if you enjoy attacking challenging problems!
Opportunities for Teachers Teachers in the United States who successfully complete the course will be invited to receive a Continuing Education Units Transcript from the AAPT. (detailed information coming) Teachers in the state of Massachusetts will be able to receive PDPs for completing the course. This course uses edX, an online learning system.
Why are we offering the course? This course is part of a research project by Professor David Pritchard and the RELATE education group at MIT to better understand student learning and, in particular, how to develop more expert skills. It embodies this group's highly successful problem-solving pedagogy in an online learning environment where instruction, assessment, and interactions with other students are blended together and where students control their instructional path. We study student learning in this system to improve both the environment and the amount learned. The long range goal at RELATE is to design a learning experience where the activities are adjusted to the current needs and ability level of individual learners. This course is separate from MIT's MITx and OCW programs.
Registration Process Registration for the course is now open! Introductory materials will be available on June 1st. The first homework is due in mid-June, and the first quiz is late June. Instruction runs through August 25th, with several optional units available through mid-September.
One of India's most powerful regional leaders was sentenced to four years in jail and fined £10 million after she was convicted of corruption on Saturday.
Jayalalithaa Jayaram's conviction brought a dramatic end to a career which began on screen as a popular teenage film actress and spanned four terms as chief minister of Tamil Nadu, one of India's most developed states.
She was found guilty along with three other aides, including her live-in partner, of having disproportionate assets she could not explain – a £6 million fortune including a portfolio of properties, 2,000 acres of land and 30 kilogrammes of gold. She also owns her own television channel, JJTV.
Her legions of supporters held protests in the state capital Chennai to condemn the verdict as a political conspiracy, but it was welcomed by anti-corruption campaigners as a boost for justice in the country.
The verdict highlights the scale of corruption throughout India and especially in Tamil Nadu where two leaders of her party's main regional rival, the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, were charged in the ‘2G scandal' which tainted the last Congress-led government.
Its telecommunications minister A Raja and the party leader's daughter Kanimozhi were charged with corruption in the award of lucrative mobile phone spectrum licenses.
The last government's former railways minister, Lalu Prasad Yadav, was jailed in 2013 for his role in a £200 million fake subsidy scandal when he was chief minister for Bihar.
Jayalalithaa Jayaram had used her first term as chief minister to accumulate her sizeable fortune while her close aides acquired hospitals, colleges, marriage halls and sprawling residences. Throughout that period, from 1991 to 1996, she had drawn a monthly salary of just one rupee, the prosecution had said.
Commentators hailed Jayalalithaa's conviction as evidence that India's creaking justice system can still bring its corrupt politicians to account, despite long delays. It took 18 years from when she was first charged in 1996 to her conviction today.
Under Indian law, convicted politicians cannot stand for election for six years, which means she is unlikely to return to power - she will be 71 by the time she becomes eligible once again.
Her main accuser, the senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader and crusading anti-corruption lawyer Subramaniam Swamy said he felt “vindicated” by the verdict.
It was “heartening” that the court had given a guilty judgment “against a person who is powerfully situated. It is a good sign for fighting corruption in India”, he told Business Standard.
Three second-half goals in a nine-minute frenzy electrified the crowd in Talca as Mexico narrowly edged Germany 2-1 to take top spot in Group C of the FIFA U-17 World Cup Chile 2015. The slick surface at the Estadio Fiscal led to a fast, entertaining end-to-end match, which surprisingly went into half-time without a shot on goal.
After the scoreless first half with barely a chance at either end to mention, the second 45 minutes sprung to life right around the hour mark as Mexico jumped out to a quick 2-0 lead. Pablo Lopez opened the scoring off an unfortunate deflection that sent Christian Frommann the wrong way. Francisco Venegas followed suit shortly afterwards, fighting through a crowded goalmouth to head Kevin Magana's corner kick home.
Germany ensured it would be a tense finish in Talca, however, as only three minutes later Johannes Eggestein scooped the ball over El Tri goalkeeper Abraham Romero, capitalising on Germany's third bite of the cherry from Mats Kohlert's corner kick after Mexico failed to clear two previous attempts.
The Europeans kept up the pressure for the remaining 20 minutes with Mexico firmly on the back foot trying to hold onto their slender lead. Kohlert and Eggestein led the charge as German chances flashed high and wide of Romero's net as his backline resorted to rushed clearances to alleviate the danger.
El Tri celebrated vibrantly in the rain at the sound of the full-time whistle as Mexico reached the Round of 16 where they will face a third-place side from Group A, B or F, while Germany are set to encounter Croatia in the knockout stage.
Then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gestures with a group of Libyan soldiers before boarding the plane to depart Libya after her brief visit there on Oct. 18, 2011. (AP Photo/Kevin Lamarque)
(CNSNews.com) -- Amb. Chris Stevens--murdered by terrorists in Benghazi, Libya on the eleventh anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks—was at the poorly secured State Department facility in that city that day at least in part because Secretary of State Hillary Clinton wanted to convert the department compound there into a permanent outpost and department officials wanted her to be able to announce this was the case when she made a planned visit to Libya in December 2012.
Stevens' top deputy in Libya, Greg Hicks, made this point in congressional testimony on Wednesday, but it was omitted from the State Department's Accountability Review Board report published in December.
This was despite the fact that Hicks specifically told the ARB that Clinton wanted the Benghazi mission converted into a permanent post.
At a January 26, 2012 town hall meeting with State Department employees, Clinton had indicated she would not remain as secretary of state in a second Obama term. "I think I have made it clear that I will certainly stay on until the president nominates someone and that transition can occur," she said. Given that she was planning to leave the State Department after 2012, a trip to Libya in December of last year to announce that the U.S. had established a permanent diplomatic presence in Benghazi--the city in which the Obama administration had anchored its support for anti-Qaddafi Libyan revolutionaries--could have been a triumphant capstone to Clinton's own diplomatic career.
Amb. Thomas Pickering and Admiral Mike Mullen, the co-chairs of the State Department's Accountability Review Board that investigated the Benghazi attack--and that omitted from its public report any mention of Stevens traveling to Benghazi because Clinton wanted to make it a permanent post—have refused requests from the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee to testify in the committee or even speak informally with it.
Hicks, who was the deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli on Sept. 11, 2012 (and thus was second in command to Amb. Chris Stevens), told multiple members at the Wednesday hearing that Clinton's desire to make Benghazi a permanent State Department facility was one of the motivations for Amb. Stevens' trip there last September.
“Did you tell the Accountability Review Board about Secretary Clinton's interest in establishing a permanent presence in Benghazi?” Rep. Thomas Massie (R.-Ky.) asked Hicks. “Because, ostensibly, wasn't that the reason that the ambassador was going to Benghazi?”
“Yes, I did tell the Accountability Review Board that Secretary Clinton wanted the post made permanent,” said Hicks. “Ambassador Pickering looked surprised. He looked both ways on the--to the members of the board, saying, ‘Does the 7th floor know about this?' (The secretary of state and other top State Department officials have their offices on the seventh floor of the department's headquarters.)
“And another factor,” Hicks continued in his sworn testimony, “was our understanding that Secretary Clinton intended to visit Tripoli in December.”
“So Pickering was surprised that this was his [Amb. Stevens'] mission was to establish a permanent facility there?” asked Rep. Massie.
“Yes,” testified Hicks.
“That is your impression?” asked Rep. Massie.
“Yes,” Hicks repeated.
Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa followed up on this exchange to clarify the point.
“I just want you to say it unambiguously--if that's the correct way to say it--without a flaw, one more time,” said Issa. “The reason the ambassador was in Benghazi, at least one of the reasons was x?”
“At least one of the reasons he was in Benghazi was to further the secretary's wish that, that post become a permanent constituent post, and also there, because we understood that the secretary intended to visit Tripoli later in the year,” said Hicks. “We hoped that she would be able to announce to the Libyan people our establishment of a permanent constituent post in Benghazi at that time.”
The State Department Accountability Review Board chaired by Pickering and Mullen omitted any mention of this purpose for Amb. Stevens' Sept. 11 presence in Benghazi. The report said the ambassador had dinner with the Benghazi city council on the night of Sept. 10, 2012, and had a briefing that day at the Annex, a facility operated by the CIA.
“Ambassador Stevens was scheduled to remain in Benghazi until September 14, and his visit was timed in part to fill the staffing gaps between TDY [temporary duty] principal officers as well as to open an American Corner at a local school and to reconnect with local contacts,” the report also said.
"The Board found that Ambassador Stevens made the decision to travel to Benghazi independently of Washington, per standard practice," said the report. "Timing for his trip was driven in part by commitments in Tripoli, as well as a staffing gap between principal officers in Benghazi."
Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa noted at the beginning of the hearing that Accountability Review Board co-chairman Pickering and Mullen refused to testify to the committee or even informally talk to it.
“On February 22nd, this committee wrote to Ambassador Pickering and Admiral Mullen, who, as required by law, were appointed by Secretary Clinton and co-chair the accountability review board investigation,” said Chairman Issa. “We asked them to testify about their investigation and findings. They refused, and our minority said nothing.
“When we asked Ambassador Pickering and Admiral Mullen to speak with us and our committee informally,” said Issa, “they again refused, and again there was silence by the minority.”
Hicks—who appeared before the committee as a “whistleblower” as opposed to a witness officially sanctioned to appear before Congress by the State Department—repeated to several members questioning him in the committee that one of the reasons Amb. Stevens was in Benghazi on Sept. 11 was because Secretary Clinton was pushing to convert it into a permanent State Department facility.
“Mr. Hicks, why was ambassador Stevens headed to Benghazi? There were a lot of concerns about him,” asked Rep. James Lankford (R.-Okla.). “There were a lot of security issues that Mr. Nordstrom had listed in numerous reports leading up to his trip there. Why was the ambassador headed there?”
“According to [Amb.] Chris [Stevens], Secretary Clinton wanted Benghazi converted into a permanent constituent post,” said Hicks. “Timing for this decision was important. Chris needed to report before September 30th, the end of the fiscal year, on the physical---the political and security environment in Benghazi to support an action memo to convert Benghazi from a temporary facility to a permanent facility.
“In addition, Chris wanted to make a symbolic gesture to the people of Benghazi that the United States stood behind their dream of establishing a new democracy.”
Lankford asked: “What was the timeline on trying to make this a permanent facility or was there anything pending that had to be accomplished by a certain deadline?”
“We had funds available that we could, that could be transferred from an account set aside for Iraq and could be dedicated to this purpose,” said Hicks. “They had to be obligated by September 30th.”
“OK. And where did those instructions come from?” asked Lankford.
“This came from the executive office of the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs,” said Hicks, referring to a division of the main State Department in Washington.
Hicks reiterated his testimony that Amb. Stevens was in Benghazi on Sept. 11, 2012 to work toward making it a permanent State Department post—a mandate he had received from Secretary of State Clinton.
“He went there to do his job,” Hicks told Rep. Tony Cardenas (D.-N.M.). “He felt that he had a political imperative to go to Benghazi and represent the United States there in order to move the project forward to make the Benghazi consulate a permanent constituent post.”
Hicks told Rep. Doug Collins (R.-Ga.) that Secretary Clinton had personally told Amb. Stevens that she wanted him to make Benghazi a permanent State Department post in the discussion she had with him when he departed Washington, D.C., for Tripoli to become ambassador.
“Mr. Hicks I have a question,” said Collins. “It has been asked before, in discussion about a permanent presence in Benghazi give me sort of quick flavor of what was those discussions like. Would they say, ‘You do this?' How was that going out?”
Said Hicks: “Chris told me that in his exit interview with the secretary after he was sworn in, the secretary said, ‘We need to make Benghazi a permanent post,' and Chris said, ‘I'll make it happen.'”
“OK. Was Washington informed of the ambassador's plan to travel to Benghazi?” asked Collins.
“Yes,” said Hicks. “Washington was fully informed that the ambassador was going to Benghazi. We advised them August 22nd or there abouts.”
“Were there concerns raised from that?” asked Collins.
“No, in fact—,” said Hicks.
“Given the timing and everything?” asked Collins.
“None,” said Hicks.
At the same hearing, Republican members asked Hicks and Eric Nordstrom, who had been the regional security officer (the State Department's top onsite security official) at the U.S. Embassy in Libya until July 26, 2012, whether the State Department;s Benghazi compound, where Amb. Stevens was killed on Sept. 1, 2012, met the department's Overseas Security Policy Board (OSBP) standards. Nordstrom noted that they did not meet those standards or the standards of the Secure Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (SECCA)—and that only Secretary Clinton had the authority to send diplomats to a facility that did not meet the SECCA standards.
“Mr. Hicks, when you arrived in July, did the facilities of Benghazi meet the minimum OSPB security standards set by the State Department?” asked Rep. Lankford.
“According to the Regional Security Officer at the time in Tripoli, John Martinec, they did not,” said Hicks.
“Do you think they were close to meeting the standards?” Rep. Lankford asked Hicks about both the Tripoli embassy and the Benghazi facility.
“No, sir,” said Hicks.
“Now, Mr. Nordstrom, same thing to you,” said Rep. Gowdy. “And if I'm unfair in my characterization, you need to correct me. I thought I understood your testimony to be that Secretary Clinton alone was able to approve facilities that were below specs.”
“That's correct--part of the specs; certain, certain, there are two categories, SECCA and OSPB. She can--is the only one that can authorize waivers for SECCA. In this case, both apply because we didn't meet either.”
Rep. Gowdy said: “So, we are able to show that in part he went to Benghazi because of Secretary Clinton. In part, Benghazi was still open despite the fact it was below specs because of Secretary Clinton.”
When Clinton visited Libya in October 2011, according to the State Department's Bureau of Diplomatic Security, the U.S. Defense Department prepositioned assets off the coast of Libya in case it needed to rescue her.
The Church of England has issued its schools with advice on transphobic bullying, suggesting that boys should be free to dress up in tutus and tiaras, and girls allowed to wear tool-belts and superhero capes, in the spirit of exploring "who they might be", without fear of stigma. The traditional view of gender is in rapid retreat. Both the Westminster and Scottish governments are considering making it easier for someone to change their legal gender. The LGBT campaign group Stonewall has called the current UK system - in which individuals have to appear in front of a Gender Recognition Panel - "demeaning and broken". The first moral consideration must surely be the wellbeing of people whose transitions can often be accompanied by complex mental health problems and a painful battle against the judgements of their families and society. Next is how far society needs to change to accommodate those individuals. Some women, for example, are uncomfortable with trans-women accessing 'women only' spaces such as lavatories and changing rooms. Whose rights take precedence? There is no one type of trans person. Some are binary, identifying as either male or female, others are non-binary and might self-describe as agender, gender fluid, bi-gender, a demi-girl or a demi-boy. An increasing awareness of gender fluidity is, for many, the mark of an inclusive and enlightened society. For others, multiple complex gender labels serve only to reinforce the insecurities of children and teenagers, at a time when it is normal for them to feel confusion about all sorts of things, including their sexuality. Whichever way you view it, how can we - parents, teachers, society - best enable young people to discover and become who they really are, in a period of complex and rapid social change? Witnesses are Dr Heather Brunskell Evans, James Caspian, Jane Fae and Prof Stephen Whittle.
Producer: Dan Tierney.
“Change has to happen where it's most unlikely,” says Chokwe Antar Lumumba, a mayoral candidate in Jackson, Miss. (Courtesy of the Lumumba for Mayor campaign)
If the Left can make it here, they can make it anywhere.
If we can change things in Mississippi, then the hope is that we can serve as a model for the rest of the world.
The city of Jackson, in the heart of staunchly Republican Mississippi, might seem an unlikely place for a municipal revolution. Yet Jackson's radicalism has been forged in the crucible of massive disinvestment, both by private industry and by a conservative state legislature. Led by the Black nationalist organization Malcolm X Grassroots Movement, organizers in Jackson have backed experiments in everything from worker-owned businesses to participatory, neighborhood-by-neighborhood democracy.
A leader of this movement, Jackson Councilman Chokwe Lumumba, helped start people's assemblies in the city, inviting residents to hash out the kinds of changes they want to see. He was elected mayor in 2013, only to pass away months later.
In an effort to carry on his father's legacy, Chokwe Antar Lumumba, 33, ran to succeed his father and lost. Now, with his second run, he hopes to continue the work his father began.
Lumumba spoke with In These Times in April about the challenges Jackson faces, the role of electoral politics in building movements, and how radical democracy is practiced in a red state. The May 2 Jackson primary is widely expected to result in a runoff. [Update: Lumumba won the primary outright, and is expected to win easily in the general election, making him the likely next mayor.]
Why are you more optimistic about your prospects this time around?
I've had the benefit of having time to grieve. In a two-month time span, I laid my father to rest and ran a campaign for the first time, and my wife gave birth to our first child. So it was a whirlwind. That experience prepared us for what we're taking on now.
Where do you see electoral politics in the bigger picture of making change?
We need to re-envision the electoral process. For far too long we've approached it backward. We wait on someone to indicate their political ambition, and we accept their promises and their agenda, only to find ourselves disappointed. The reality is that the onus is on us. As a community, we have a responsibility to be the authors of our own agenda, and then draft leadership that represents that agenda. I see electoral politics as a means to an end, not an end in itself.
The people's platform I helped author alongside my father came from years of community organizing. One of the lessons we learned is that not everyone is going to buy in, so you have to start by addressing people's immediate needs and concerns. Fixing a pothole may not seem like a means to change the world, but we have to connect pothole to pothole and community to community. A community in Jackson can understand why a community in Chicago or in Gary, Ind., suffers from the same conditions when they understand that none of them have control over the process that fixes the pothole. A people's platform, then, is one rooted in self-determination, rooted in experience and frustration, and one that gets into the weeds of what people deal with every day. It's ever-evolving and continues to incorporate individuals' critiques and concerns.
How does the people's assembly fit in?
The people's assembly grew out of an idea my father had as a city council person for Ward 2 in Jackson. At that time, the assembly moved between community centers and churches within the ward. When he became mayor, it expanded to citywide. We've dealt with issues ranging from school board appointments to racial profiling. What is happening in the city dictates the turnout. Sometimes we have one to two hundred people, sometimes more.
The beauty of the people's assembly is that, though it's government related, it is meant as a way to apply outside pressure to those in government. Assemblies are strategically placed throughout the city, so we can give information to the community and get information back from the community about what issues are facing them.
One of my father's big victories as mayor was to pass a 1 percent sales tax solely to fund infrastructure projects. Ninety percent of the population of Jackson voted in support of that tax, which is amazing to me. I can't think of another place in recent memory where 90 percent of the population voted to tax themselves. That happened not because of a stroke of luck, but because we got on the radio, and anywhere we could, and said that we didn't have the resources to pay for fixing the pipes and roads and needed to take some drastic measures. Thousands of people came to the assemblies about the tax. When you give people the right information, they make the right decision.
In what ways do you see Jackson as a model for similar communities around the country?
Many of the issues in Jackson stem from the fact that there are so many with so little and so few with so much. Almost all of the country's wealth is controlled by 1 percent of the population. So we have to start exploring creative economic development measures for underserved communities. Jackson has no problems producing wealth, but it does have problems maintaining wealth.
Businesses that have made good money in Jackson are leaving, and new businesses that come here are not invested in staying in the city. To fix this, we have to start looking to structures like cooperative businesses, where the community can decide what it wants to own.
Another one of the primary issues people discuss in Jackson is our crumbling infrastructure. Our roads are in a horrible state, worse than when my father was in office. How do we turn this crumbling infrastructure into an economic frontier that not only develops roads and fixes pipes, but creates jobs?
How do you keep from essentially having to administrate an austerity agenda handed down from Mississippi's Republican state legislature?
A marriage without respect won't produce much. If we have a clear agenda that we want to see, and a leadership that is willing to stand on that agenda, people will be more likely to respect our position. That doesn't mean it's going to be an easy road.
What do you hope to include in that agenda?
The city outsources too much work, and our budget is bleeding because of it. If you put more money in the hands of people who live and work here you'll recover more money as a city. But we fall prey to companies that say they can do the work more cheaply. That diminishes the capacity of the city, though, and we lose the workforce and expertise to do that work. I want to create a better balance between in-house and outsourced work. My goal is seeing 60 percent of the boots working on the ground being Jacksonian, and 50 percent of the subcontracters being minority subcontracters. Jackson is more than 80 percent African-American. If more than 80 percent of your population is left-handed, then you need some left-handed jobs.
What is the value of doing this sort of work in a red state like Mississippi?
When people ask me how I felt after the November election, I tell them that I woke up in Mississippi. No matter whether Barack Obama, Donald Trump, George Bush or Bill Clinton is in office, we've always been at the bottom. It's a forgotten place. The Republican Party has taken Mississippi for granted. The Democratic Party has abandoned Mississippi. I think we can erase people's blind allegiances when we can show that someone cares about them, by dealing with their day-to-day concerns.
With its gaping divide between the haves and the have-nots, Jackson really is the belly of the beast. If we can change things in Mississippi, then the hope is that we can serve as a model for the rest of the world. We believe the change has to happen where it's most unlikely, where people are living with the worst of conditions.
We're trying to create a more inclusive process of governance, where the people demonstrate that they're no longer going to accept what others tell them. Strong people don't need strong leaders. We're trying to create strong people.
Dec 26, 2013
Judaism Website Marks 20 Years
Chabad.org is marking 20 years since the Rebbe gave Rabbi Yosef Y. Kazen the blessing for Chabad to be active on the internet.
Chabad.org is marking twenty years since the Rebbe gave Rabbi Yosef Y. Kazen the bracha and haskama to proceed with Chabad-Lubavitch in Cyberspace.
In the words of Rabbi Kazan, a"h:
“[Rabbi Krinsky] went into the Rebbe on ohr Le'Chof Teves, the yahrtzeit of the Rambam… On that evening, after maariv [he] came out and told me,‘Yossel, mazel tov! The Rebbe gave approval for Chabad's name to be on the Internet.”
He then told me, ‘You've got a job. Your Chabad House is going to be open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year and you can't have a minyan!'”
Chabad-Lubavitch in Cyberspace, or Chabad.org as it is known today, has been operating for twenty five years. Chabad.org proudly traces its roots back to Rabbi Kazen's early involvement in uploading content and answering people's questions on BBS and other networks back in 1988.
The Chabad.org domain name and website, however, was acquired and launched twenty years ago, soon after the World Wide Web as we know it today became available.
As part of research into the history of Chabad.org conducted by members of the Chabad.org team, a recording of the "Chabad-Lubavitch in Cyberspace Session" at the Kinus Hashluchim 5755 was located. The session features a presentation on the reach and vision of Chabad Lubavitch in Cyberspace by Rabbi YY Kazen a"h. In this talk, Rabbi Kazen maps out to his fellow shluchim many of the future plans for this organization which continues to flourish today.
Audio: Rabbi Kazen at the Kinus Hashluchim 5755 (1994)
Chabad-Lubavitch in Cyberspace Session
Visit Jewish.TV for more Jewish audio and video.
Video: Chabad.org Over the Years(18 Years in One Minute)
(Getty / istock)
A man has been creepily following around a little girl and her older brother, even going to their Brooklyn home asking what bedroom they sleep in, according to police. He allegedly also left a note that said, "Watch out. I am watching you!! Your daughter is cute." Update: Police later said that the children recanted their story.
On the morning of October 20th, around 8:24 a.m., the NYPD says the 8-year-old and her friend were walking to a school bus pickup location near Eastern Parkway and Brooklyn Avenue when they noticed an "adult male hiding between cars and following her to the school bus pickup location from her residence. When she got to the location and was in the presence of other parents the individual fled the scene."
Around 1:30 p.m. that day, the girl's 12-year-old brother was on the bus back home, and when he was near his stop, the same man apparently flagged down the bus, according to police. When the bus aide stopped the bus and spoke to the man, the man allegedly claimed he was there to pick up the boy. The aide responded that the man was not on the list of authorized people to pick up the boy and "told him to leave before he called the police," according to the NYPD. The man then fled.
At 7 p.m., the girl told police that she saw the man on her home's front stoop, ducking down and taking pictures inside the house. When the girl approached the man, he asked her where she sleeps and who lives with her, but the girl refused to answer and the man fled towards Nostrand Avenue, police say.
Then, on Saturday, October 21st, the boy was approached by the man around 11:15 a.m. Police say the man "asked him questions about his parents and what bedroom he sleeps in." The boy ignored him and walked home, and the police say the man entered a white four-door sedan and drove toward New York Avenue.
At 5:01 p.m., the family found a note in their mailbox that said, "Watch out. I am watching you!! Your daughter is cute."
The police describe the suspect, who is wanted for stalking, as about 5'9" and 160 pounds with a medium build and a bald head. Authorities also released security camera footage of him "parking a white four-door sedan in front of the victims' residence where he then exited the vehicle and stood on the sidewalk staring at the house."
Anyone with information in regards to this incident is asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 800-577-TIPS or for Spanish 1-888-57-PISTA (74782). The public can also submit their tips by logging onto the Crime Stoppers Website at WWW.NYPDCRIMESTOPPERS.COM or texting their tips to 274637(CRIMES) then enter TIP577.
Why London Is Obsessed With Childhood
citysocializer Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 24, 2015
Written by Kristine Tsiknaki
Nostalgia has become very popular in recent years and that is a strange statement in itself to start with. I was always led to believe that nostalgia leaned towards the negative side of the emotional scope, however popular culture trends have proven me wrong. As it turns out, nostalgia is not only a desirable feeling but also a marketable product that in the right hands can turn great profits.
In terms of product sales, lead retailer Urban Outfitters have proven the model by bringing back Polaroid cameras, typewriters and record players, thus turning vinyl sales from a niche market for serious collectors to a revitalised industry that attracts teenagers and millennials in general.
While the general public initially viewed this as things to sell to hipsters to make them feel special, it seems that these items from the past are here to stay, and the recent fashion trends are also confirming that a return to the late half of the past century is definitely a thing. So why is this happening?
People have always had a tendency to look back in time and romanticize earlier eras as a much simpler time when things were better. Renaissance artists looked to ancient Greek and Roman times, romantics looked back to the middle ages and an ideal pastoral past. This is best shown in Woody Allen's film Midnight in Paris.
However I am not entirely convinced that this tendency towards nostalgia is so much an ideological move than a reaction towards the increasingly busier lifestyles Londoners are leading. While these pastel polaroids are a cute novelty to receive as a gift, ultimately we would all much rather take photos with a professional digital camera and are absolutely fascinated by the latest innovations in technology, such as flying drone cameras that follow you and capture moments from angles which previously impossible without a crane or a helicopter crew.
There is an increasing tendency for people to switch from items to experiences both as presents for friends and for themselves. Hundreds of people prefer to save up to travel the world instead of buying expensive material possessions, couples ask for their guests to put money towards their honeymoon instead of receiving 20 blenders [it is not confirmed that people still buy blenders as wedding gifts].
8Regression Sessions
At the same time hundreds of new popups in London are now becoming much more than a new secret bar that just offers some fancy cocktails. Instead you have the immersive experience of Star Wars Secret Cinema and Alice in Wonderland, the Breaking Bad inspired ABQ van where you can cook your own cocktails and more importantly a long list of childhood themed events.
While you may argue that diving into a ball pit and jumping on a bouncy castle is fun I still have my doubts. I am being very honest when I say that I found those two incredibly annoying when I was a child, I could never really balance on the castle, I kept falling down and it was always a pain trying to figure out what exactly I was supposed to do inside the ball pit other than avoid stepping on another kid who though it would be funny to disappear under all the balls for a prank. ‘Sorry, I stepped on you kid. Well, not really. You shouldn't have hidden there in the first place'. Saying that, I would much rather be at the swings or the slides or go jump in a pool, you know, with actual water instead of plastic balls. Call me crazy.
My point is that I sincerely want to challenge the concept of finding these activities fun because they are such in their nature, and before you say anything please think of eight bankers in their suits jumping inside a large bouncy castle, and would like to propose that the fun comes from doing something childlike in nature regardless of the specific activity.
Maybe the Frozen song Let it go became such a big hit and topped the charts, exactly because people wish they were able to let go for a bit too. Think of our daily London lives, the time consuming commute in the tube, the long hours most professionals work for and the stress all those things create. Then you have to pay your rent and bills while saving to get on the property ladder.
It's not realistic at all that you can buy you dream house at the start, but a tiny flat will do, and about 40 years later, after having bought and sold several flats and houses you may end up with a decent sized family house somewhere in zone 7, just in time for when the kids leave for university and you are left alone walking around the empty rooms and asking yourself whether it was all worth it and whether you should downsize to a smaller house now as it is just the two of you again.
If you did not feel at least slightly anxious simply reading the above paragraph, I will have whatever you are having because it is clearly working. It is natural after all these daily issues that are constantly turning in our minds to want a break. Remember when all we had to do is ask our parents for new shoes or a new phone or an expensive toy? Ask and you shall receive. Maybe not right away, but for Christmas or for your birthday. No was not an acceptable answer and budget a completely foreign word.
This is what childhood was really about. The carefree mentality when all we had to do was play, have fun and just be kids. When someone else put food on the table and we would sing hakuna matata because we literally had nothing to worry about. So how do we try to reclaim some of that mentality and happiness?
Buying things we used back then is one way. It is not the polaroid camera in itself. It is the memories of us in that school trip back in year 6 when we took those funny photos with our best friends that we have not spoken to since college and are probably now married or something. It is the birthday party where all your classmates came and you had a massive bouncy castle that everyone wanted to go on and you played all evening and got to eat lots of cake and sleep late, even if it did make your stomach hurt.
Going to theme nights is another option, and it's getting increasingly popular, as in these special events we can act like kids again, play around and have fun without thinking of the day job. It is exactly that state of carefree happiness that we are so desperately trying to get back and why we are so willing to spend our money to forget we are no longer children, even for a night. Childhood has become the new popular drug for London and we do not seem to get enough of it.
Themed nights, immersive experiences and drinking events in playgrounds are all about going back in time. Not in the time travelling sense where you experience a different era, but back to your own past. They are all about not being an adult for a few hours and letting out your inner child. If you are anything like me, that inner child could not wait to grow up. To be independent, have takeout for dinner, spend time with friends and sleep past their bedtime.
Now we are adults, all those things are easily attainable, but this freedom has come with the realisation that we should probably eat healthy, home cooked food is actually much better and if we don't sleep enough going to work the next day without looking like zombies will be a challenge. So we are going back to the swings and slides, to a time when life was much simpler. Not life in general as an idea, but our own very tangible past.
While I should probably close with the moral of this article I have decided not to. Instead I will leave you to reflect for a couple of minutes. Think about your dreams, think about the last time you smiled sincerely or felt sincerely content with your life. Did we all just lose something growing up, and we are so desperate now to get it back or is it still up to us to be the adults we thought we would become?
Do you go through long periods of poor work productivity? Here's a simple “time hack“… Have you considered spending less time per project, to force yourself to complete the work sooner and more efficiently?
If you're in a salaried job and still contemplating freelancing, you may or may not have motivation to work harder. However, if you're a 100% freelancer, your monthly income relies directly on how much work you can complete. It sounds like a scary idea, spending less time, especially if you're worrying about monthly bills or even just food on the table. But look at it this way…
If you've turned into a workaholic in hopes of getting work done, and if you're finding you're not productive no matter how much more time you put in, then why not spend less time? So if spending too much time on projects isn't helping you finish them, what harm is it to spend less time?
Why Spend Less Time?
Less time spent per project brings any or all of the following fairly obvious benefits:
More time for friends and family. More time to play. Downtime to relax and rejuvenate yourself. Time for an actual vacation, should you want it. More time to build your freelance skills. More time to do legwork for future client projects. More time to research your niche. A higher effective per hour rate, which might motivate you to keep up this approach. (Of course, this only applies if you charge flat rates.) Avoiding the feeling that time keeps on slipping, slipping, into the future. [Apologies to Steve Miller – video a end of this post.]
It's up to you how you balance your time, of course, but I think freelancers work entirely too hard when it's not always necessary.
Does It Work?
Now, does this approach actually work? I've unwittingly tested it on and off over the past four calendar years, whenever I consciously realize that I'm becoming a workaholic again. Or when I find myself saying, “argggh. I never have time to do this, this and that.”
When that happens, I try to make sure that I forcibly stop working by a certain time of day, for the next few days, as a test of productivity. The net result isn't necessarily an overall increase in productivity for a given month, but I do seem to get the same amount of work done in that lesser time.
5 Reasons To Work Smarter
Why would this approach work? It could be due to any or all of the following reasons:
You become efficient. You force yourself to perform more efficiently, simply because you “have to.” You're re-energized. You've taken a break, which eases your stress levels and helps renew your energy. You're relaxed. Being relaxed helps the creative juices flow better. Or at least gives you the wherewithal to recognize creative and/or alternative solutions. You're motivated. You don't feel bitter that you're missing out on activity “X” because of “all this work.” Not being bitter does wonders for motivation. You've gained perspective. Taking a break gives you perspective. If I'm trying to write something and I'm getting nowhere, I find that a different type of stimulation – music, TV, drawing – triggers other ideas.
Summary
Here's something to consider: If you're an obsessive Type A personality, then you're prone to becoming a workaholic. You need to force yourself to work less, and to structure your free time more. So the above approach could be very useful to you. The problem is that some event could happen that will trigger your obsessiveness once again. I struggle with this on a cyclic basis that usually spans 9-12 months.
The key to dealing with it is to enforce structured time as much as possible. For that reason, I've been calling it quits for the work day at 10 pm lately (though I might continue until midnight). It used to be worse than that. I should also point out that I spend a lot of time some days watching classic movies on TMN/ AMC or new movies on DVD or in theatres, as part of self-imposed film studies.
So while it's research for my next career, I'm not overwhelming myself with work as much as I used to.
Now here's that Steve Miller video (time keeps on slipping, slipping, into the future)
Please share your thoughts in the comment section below :)
Raj
******
About The Author: Raj Kumar Dash is a long-time freelancer/ web consultant, an experienced and published writer, a published author, former print magazine publisher, retired programmer, hobby composer and short story writer, and aspiring filmmaker and screenwriter. Past blogging gigs included paid or guest posts at Lifehack.org, Tubetorial.com, SearchEngineJournal.com, editor of Bootstrapper, editor of a travel blog network. Currently he is a lead blogger at Performancing.com, and a weekly contributor to FreelanceSwitch and FreelanceFolder.
The mother of Swedish hacker Gottfrid Svartholm Warg, who was extradited to Denmark for trial, is accusing the Danish prison system of torturing her son.
After visiting her son on Wednesday, Kristina Warg told the Swedish news source The Local that she was "stunned and disgusted" by the conditions her son faced in the Køge prison.
"He's in isolation and he's only allowed to interact with prisoners for two hours a week," she said. "He is being treated as if he is dangerous. You can't do this to a person – it's torture."
READ MORE: Pirate Bay founder extradited from Sweden
She said her son is stripped of any contact with the outside world and apparently didn't know that his mother was coming to visit him or that she even knew where he was.
"To treat him like this is disgusting,” she said. “I don't know the rules of keeping people in custody in Denmark, but the conditions he's in are enough to hurt people mentally."
Gottfrid Warg, also known as Anakata, was extradited to Denmark and charged with illegally disrupting public systems, illegally collecting data and destroying property by Frederiksberg City Court in November.
READ MORE: Pirate Bay founder charged with illegally collecting data
The Pirate Bay founder is due to appear in court on Wednesday, and faces charges for stealing social security numbers from the police driving licence database.
Køge prison not an improvement
The 29-year-old hacker was initially imprisoned in Copenhagen, but the court decided to keep him in solitary confinement in Køge until he is put on trial, fearing that he might thwart the police investigation or disappear from the awaiting trial if he is at large.
"I initially thought the new place was an improvement," Kristina Warg told The Local. "But the first thing he said to me when we met was: 'This place is no better than the other'."
Warg's isolation also led to his lawyer, Luise Hø, filing a complaint over her client's conditions.
READ MORE: Hacker charged with stealing from police databases
Warg may be facing a prison sentence of up to six years, according to the Facebook page 'Free Anakata', but Danish prison officials have not confirmed this.
Warg is pleading not guilty to the charges and has argued that his acquittal in Sweden of hacking into the bank Nordea should have prevented the trial in the first place.
While being in the Netherlands you have to try Dutch cheese.
There are a few famous cheese-towns in the Netherlands and cheese is delicious. 🙂
I'll be back to cheese-topic later on my blog.
This photo was taken in a lovely town Delft, that is famous for blue-white porcelain. When you visit the Netherlands, put this town on your list together with The Hague, they're nearby and very well connected!
__________________________________________________________
Będąc w Holandii, koniecznie trzeba spróbować pyszny, holenderski ser.
Kilka miast w Holandii jest znanych z produkcji sera. Do tego tematu wrócę za kilka dni!
A tymczasem kilka słów o dzisiejszym zdjęciu. Choć za bardzo tego nie widać, zostało ono wykonane uroczym mieście Delft, które słynie z charakterystycznej niebiesko-białej porcelany. Warto odwiedzić Delft, nawet tego samego dnia co Hagę, ponieważ oba miasta graniczą ze sobą i dojazd z jednego do drugiego jest bardzo łatwy.
Men's Shoes
Our men's sneakers were made for every body. It doesn't matter if your running your first block or your tenth marathon, Reebok men's shoes are designed to set the pace for every day action.
Which men's shoe is best for you?
Men's Walking Shoes
Men's Running Shoes
Men's Classic Shoes
Men's CrossFit® Shoes
Men's Training Shoes
If The Men's Shoe Fits
The best men's walking shoes let you take on a full range of daily activities. Reebok walking shoes help you set the pace for everyday action from running errands to strolling down office hallways. Explore the walking collection for more men's shoe styles.Going the distance (long or short) is the number one priority when Reebok designs running shoes. Check out the award winning Floatride , Reebok's best high-performance men's running shoe made for long distances. Prefer a short sprint? Explore the running shoe collection for additional high-performance men's sneakers.A Classic never goes out of style. Our men's classic shoes offer old school vibes with a modern twist. For a wider range of men's sneakers that celebrate Reebok's heritage check out our classics shoe collection Reebok's Men's CrossFit shoes offer the best support in the box so you can focus on deadlifts and crushing your WOD. New to CrossFit? No problem. Reebok offers a range of men's shoes engineered with CrossFit in mind.Our men's training shoes come in a wide range of colors and styles and are built to handle an even wider range of lifting and speed drills. Just a beginner? No problem. Reebok offers a range of men's sneakers engineered for every type of athlete.
Training, CrossFit, walking or everyday wear—not all men's sneakers are alike. A men's shoe fit relies heavily on the activity and the person. For athletic activities, your men's shoe should have a locked-in feel at the heel, breathability and the toes should not hit the front. For every day wear, your men's sneaker should feel a bit more relaxed at the heel and the toes should feel comfortable at the foot of the bed. Reebok offers you a variety of men's shoes and men's sneakers in standard sizes. Select models of men's shoes and men's sneakers are offered in extra wide sizes.
Leftovers in their less visible form are called memories. Stored in the refrigerator of the mind and the cupboard of the heart.
– Thomas Fuller
Eating is a passion. Many people do it solely for nourishment and sustainability while others, like myself, have a deeply intense love affair with it. We do not to eat for health or wellness, but for the appreciation of the art, experience, and admiration of talent displayed by a chef. There is a measure of chefs' talent that is seldom given the recognition it deserves, however…the leftover.
The leftover is its own meal category, and a fundamental part of the culinary life cycle. It is just as important as the first bite of a dish. Despite that, some dishes do not make for good leftovers, while others are phenomenal after a day's tenure in the Frigidaire. Roadhouse LA has a new executive chef, Kyle Schutte, whose culinary prowess packs the power of a roundhouse kick. I dub him: “The Leftover Bearded Ninja (Chuck Norris).” I do not know if a chef takes food being leftover into consideration when preparing it, but if one did, Kyle just might.
I formally met Kyle, after hearing such praise of him from Val at Trippy Food, when he approached my table bearing gifts of warm-ambrosial Cornbread [bread] Pudding, and unheralded breakfast-dinner Root beer-cured bacon & eggs. Immediately I knew this gesture would form a food-loving bond, and friendship that would last a lifetime. It was the next morning, however, when I ate the rest of my Roadhouse LA Brisket, and Crème brûlée Mac & Cheese, that I realized this man was gilded in spades with culinary wizardry, and passion. The honey in the velvety mac & cheese was trenchant. It did not overpower the leftovers, but its presence was more apparent than in the initial serving. The brisket retained its moisture and savor overnight. Sadly the toast did not make it.
Sunday morning arrives and I still have leftovers. Apparently Kyle tried to stuff me to the gills or nearly send me home with the entire menu. I pop the ribs and campfire carrots into the microwave, and the day 2 leftovers were strikingly more impressive than day 1. The flavor profile of the ribs intensified several times over. Each individual flavor was recognizable in every bite. The Niman Ranch ribs did not remit their toothsome texture. The tang of the ponzu sauce seeps deep into the meat which is firmly perched atop the pickled peaches, and boiled peanuts. The three flavors gel with the clearly distinguishable taste of the pork, and create an exceptional Sunday brunch. The gooey thyme-seasoned marshmallow melted over the plump carrots, like lava flow, creating sweet-coated logs of deliciousness.
Kyle takes global barbecue to unseen levels of extraordinary. While staying true to his Georgian chef roots, he adds fanfare to food that creates an experience reminiscent of the amazement felt when hearing and watching Dizzy Gillespie play. Roadhouse LA's menu is filled with a la carte food items that tell a story, a global story of one man's interpretation of barbecue. The story of Kyle Schutte, and his global ‘Cue experiment will last well beyond the leftovers I indulged in, and the memory will remain in the cupboard of my heart forever.
Update (September 1, 2014): I have come to find out that Roadhouse LA has since closed, I believe sometime in June 2014. Chef Kyle is in the works of opening his own Flat Bread restaurant in Beverly Hill. It is schedule to be opening sometime around January 2015.
Tastemade
Roadhouse LA at The Improv
8162 Melrose Ave.
Los Angeles, CA 90046
(323) 556-2700
Disclosure of Material Connection: This is a “sponsored post.” The company who sponsored it compensated me via a cash payment, gift, or something else of value to write it. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for my readers. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.”
Leftover Test at Roadhouse LA
GENEVA (Reuters) - At least 60,000 people have died in Syria's conflict, U.N. Human Rights Commissioner Navi Pillay said on Wednesday, citing what she said was an exhaustive U.N.-commissioned study.
Over five months of analysis, researchers cross-referenced seven sources of data, including the Syrian government, to compile a list of 59,648 individuals reported killed between March 15, 2011, and November 30, 2012.
“Given there has been no let-up in the conflict since the end of November, we can assume that more than 60,000 people have been killed by the beginning of 2013,” Pillay said. “The number of casualties is much higher than we expected, and is truly shocking.”
The estimate was the United Nation's first since May, when U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon put the toll at more than 10,000.
The new study, by Benetech, a non-profit technology company, showed deaths rising from around 1,000 per month in the summer of 2011 to an average of more than 5,000 per month since July 2012. More than one-in-five deaths occurred in Homs, with rural areas surrounding the capital Damascus close behind with more than 10,000.
There was no breakdown by ethnicity or information about whether the dead were rebels, soldiers or civilians. There was also no estimate of an upper limit of the possible toll.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This really could be the dullest film ever made - and the people behind it couldn't be happier.
Baa Baa Land is an epic eight-hour, slow motion film about sheep .
Yes, you read that correctly - it's a film, with absolutely no dialogue, about sheep.
Baa Baa Land features no actors, talking and doesn't even have a plotline to keep audiences hooked.
And the unconventional stars of this epic are nothing more than a flock of sheep.
(Image: calm.com)
(Image: calm.com)
Baa Baa Land even bills itself as the dullest film ever made and consists entirely of slow motion shots of sheep in a field.
The film was shot in Essex and was produced by the founders of a digital meditation app, Calm.
It is the latest example of the niche genre known as slow cinema, which is known for long takes and having little or no dialogue narrative.
In 2015, the BBC Four television channel broadcast, "All Aboard! The Sleigh Ride", a two-hour, dialogue-free film, showing reindeer pulling a sleigh used by indigenous peoples in Northern Norway, shot from the view of the driver.
"Baa Baa Land" is scheduled to premiere on an as-yet unannounced date in September at London's Prince Charles Cinema.
(Photo by Bruce Bennett/Getty Images)
Alex Ovechkin is young and old at the same time. He turned 30 in September, his whole life ahead of him. But in hockey years, he is nearing the end of the road.
At least he should be. Studies show hockey players, particularly forwards, reach their scoring peak at age 24, but Ovechkin is as productive as ever, potting 21 goals in 36 games during a year when scoring is down to its lowest levels since 2003-04.
[Ovechkin scores 21st, but Caps' nine-game win streak ends at Carolina]
“He is very dynamic,” said Justin Williams, Ovechkin's new teammate with the Washington Capitals and a 15-year veteran of the NHL. “Ovi's biggest asset is his ability to score from anywhere — so people have to respect that. When he gets over the blue line he has the potential to score, so they have to honor his shot. And when they honor his shot, he has the ability to drive it wide or make a move and get by the defenseman.”
“Everyone has seen him score goals on the power play, from his spot,” Williams continued. “They have seen him score goals coming over the blue line shooting through a screen. And they have seen him score goals beating the defender and going at the goalie alone. The amount of respect he deserves for every talent he has makes him make the chances he gets.”
Ovechkin has been scoring goals since he entered the league as a 20-year-old Russian phenom in 2005. He won the Calder Memorial Trophy as the NHL's best rookie after a 52-goal campaign and has scored at least 50 goals in six seasons, including 65 in his third year. Only Hall of Famers Mike Bossy and Wayne Gretzky have more 50-goal campaigns. But Ovechkin's shot output might be even more impressive: Goalies have faced 4,014 shots from Ovechkin — 1,213 more than those from Eric Staal, who has the second-highest total from 2005-06 until now. That's approximately the difference between Staal and No. 67 on the active player list, Johnathan Toews.
This season Ovechkin is averaging 5.1 shots per game, placing him alongside Phil Esposito, Bobby Hull and Ray Bourque as the only players to average five or more shots per contest after turning 30 years old.
However, Ovechkin isn't some dainty finesse player.
“He doesn't play an easy game,” Williams said. “Ovi plays a hard game. He hits. He battles in the corners. The fact he has been doing what he has done for such a long time for me, as an older player, is impressive.”
Since 2005-06, there have been 11 instances where a player has been credited with 200 or more hits in a season in which he also scored 30 or more goals. Ovechkin has six of them, so it's amazing he has only missed a handful of games due to injury. Among the players selected in 2004, Ovechkin leads his draft class in games played.
“He is built like a truck — so strong, so powerful,” said Joe Beninati, Capitals play-by-play announcer since 1994. “When he wants to he will run you over.”
There was a time when the Great Eight wouldn't get near anyone in the defensive zone, let alone run someone over. He would even be caught coasting, similar to having a disconnected controller during a video game, like on this Derek Stepan goal in 2013.
Not anymore. Coach Barry Trotz has Ovechkin playing defense. And playing it well.
“I think he is playing closer to a complete game,” Beninati said. “Alex is never going to be confused with the Selke award winners, the top defensive forwards in the league, but since Barry's arrived he has made a more concerted effort to lead overall as the captain, which means he has to put in the effort to back-check, to be in passing lanes and to block shots. Every night we see him doing something on the defensive end.”
In 2011-12, the Capitals faced 44.5 even-strength shots against per 60 minutes with Ovechkin on the ice. Those same teammates allowed just 38.8 skating away from Ovechkin, an improvement of more than five shots per 60 minutes. Now there is a difference of under one shot per 60 minutes.
Yes, the players on defense have improved under General Manager Brian MacLellan. Matt Niskanen and Brooks Orpik (when healthy) have been great compliments to Karl Alzner and John Carlson, relegating Nate Schmidt to a third-pair role with Dmitry Orlov. But that doesn't mean we can discount Ovechkin's strides on defense. Said one Eastern Conference NHL scout: “You know what Ovechkin is going to do offensively — score on the power play, try and split the defenders, make great passes. [Ovechkin's] an underrated passer. But now he can be a [expletive] pain in the ass on defense, too. I don't think a lot of people saw that coming.”
Now that Ovechkin has started his transformation into a complete player, the Capitals are playing some of their best hockey in franchise history. They lead the Eastern Conference with 58 points and, after adjusting their margin of victory for strength of schedule, are .98 of a point per game better than the average team — the highest adjusted margin in the NHL. For comparison, last year's Stanley Cup-winning Chicago Blackhawks were .51 of a point better than average.
“He's got the ability to change a game and there are not many guys in the league you can say that about,” Williams said of Ovechkin. “There are a lot of great players, but not many who can change the game with a big goal, big hit or big assist. Very few are like that.”
Correction: Earlier version had Ovechkin scoring 50 or more goals only four times.
Image: iStockphoto
Advertisement
The Wall Street Journal reported this week that security holes exploited by suspected Iranian hackers existed because of “a poorly written contract with computer-services provider Hewlett-Packard.” Under the terms of the contract, H-P wasn't required to secure the Navy Department databases. But the Navy, under the mistaken assumption that the computer company was the sentry at the gates, didn't assign personnel to oversee security for the databases. The lapse made the computer network ripe for the picking. How ripe? So much so, an unnamed source told WSJ that restoring the Navy network took four months and cost about US $10 million. The source, a senior defense department official said that “after the Iranian hack, the Navy took stock of its security efforts and drew up a list of 62 security issues…Some [will] cost more than $100 million and may require asking Congress for permission to redirect funding.”
Though it's clear that, in the parlance of politicians, mistakes were made, everyone currently or recently in charge is being spared the indignity of being blamed for this massive screw-up. The unnamed defense official said the comedy of errors was based on “decisions made years ago as to what the Navy network structure should be and what kind of risk it was comfortable taking.” Because the contract was first awarded in 2000 and last updated in 2010, Vice Admiral Michael Rogers, who served as the Navy's cyber chief in 2011 and oversaw the cleanup, has been able to sidestep blame for the cock-up as Congress prepares to vet him for the role of director of the National Security Agency.
300 000 Routers Hijacked
Security researchers at Team Cymru in Lake Mary, Fla., published a report this week revealing that more than 300 000 small office and home office routers located across Europe and Asia have been compromised during a rash of attacks that began in mid-December. Team Cymru says hackers began overwriting the DNS settings on routers from a number of manufacturers, including TP-Link, D-Link, Micronet, and Tenda, and rerouting traffic to attacker-controlled sites. The victims, say the researchers, have been located mainly in Vietnam, Thailand, India, and Italy.
The attacks were first detected in January. The Cymru researchers noticed that several TP-Link routers were redirecting victims to two IP addresses that were unrelated to the sites unwitting computer users were trying to reach.
The attackers took advantage of a cross-site request forgery vulnerability on the devices that gave them admin privileges without them having to provide even so much as the default authentication password.
Team Cymru said it immediately notified the affected vendors, but when none responded, it shared the information with law enforcement.
Though there are similarities between this set of attacks and those suffered by several Polish banks in recent weeks, the Cymru report notes that, “The scale of this attack suggests a more traditional criminal intent, such as search result redirection, replacing advertisements, or installing drive-by downloads; all activities that need to be done on a large scale for profitability. The more manually-intensive bank account transfers seen in Poland would be difficult to conduct against such a large and geographically-disparate victim group.”
Cisco Issues Internet of Things Grand Challenge
There's good reason for concern over the prospect that the “Internet of Things,” the name given to the point when just about every electronic device will be connected to the Internet, will create innumerable points of vulnerability that can be exploited by hackers. Few of these gadgets were originally created with security in mind. With that in mind, Cisco Systems has created the Internet of Things Security Grand Challenge, a $300 000 global competition whose winners will be the people who come up with innovative yet practical ways of securing millions of gadgets and the networks to which they connect. The entries will be judged on four criteria: feasibility, scalability, performance and ease-of-use; applicability to multiple industries and applications; technical maturity and viability of the proposed approach; and the proposers' expertise and ability to feasibly create a successful outcome.
According to Cisco Security Group Senior VP Chris Young, as many as six recipients will be awarded between $50 000 and $75 000 at the company's second annual Internet of Things World Forum in Barcelona, Spain later this year. The deadline for submissions is 17 June.
Report Suggests How to Secure the Grid from Cyberattacks
Another potential point of vulnerability to cyberattacks is the electric grid. And so although it's not technically appropriate for a blog called This Week in Cybercrime, we'd be remiss if we didn't report that a group of current and former U.S. government officials and representatives from the entities that operate the grid did last Friday. They convened a panel at the Bipartisan Policy Center in Washington, D.C., and presented a new report (PDF) containing guidelines for protecting North America's grid. The report also included recommendations for what to do if the grid is ever compromised.
Matthew Wald, an energy reporter with the New York Times and the moderator of the panel session, noted that of the more than 250 cybercrime incidents reported to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security last year, two-thirds of them targeted the energy sector in general and the grid in particular.
“What permeates the report is that you can't win this just defending the perimeter, you can't win this with just prevention and defense,” former National Security Agency and C.I.A. Director General Michael Hayden said. “It's the concept of resilience, what happens after things start to go wrong?”
Among the proposals in the paper, whose authors include Hayden, is the creation of a new Institute for Electric Grid Cybersecurity modeled after the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations. That group was formed in 1979, in the aftermath of the nuclear accident at Three Mile Island.
Cyberthreats: Assessing the Enemy Within
Clear your mind. Now quickly conjure the image of a group of hackers breaking into a corporate database. Did your mental image include the corrupt middle manager acting as the team's inside man? How about the middle manager who violates security protocols and unwittingly opens the door to a cyberattack? A just-released report from PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) focuses attention on all aspects of global economic crime, not just cybercrime, but one of the things that stood out is how frequently the enemy lurks within an organization. “Many times those who are colluding [with hackers] are individuals inside these companies who have administrative access to the corporate computer system," Steve Skalak, a partner in PwC's forensic service practice told Investors Business Daily. Skalak coauthored the Global Economic Crime Survey.
The report notes that an increasing share of internal fraud of all types is being committed by middle managers—54 percent in 2012 versus 45 percent in 2011. PwC has even developed a profile of the average middle management fraudster: a man whose tenure with the organization is six years or longer.
"Because they have more intimate knowledge of internal processes and infrastructure, better access and higher trust, they can be a much more challenging 'enemy within' compared to junior employees or external fraudsters," Amir Orad, CEO of Nice Actimize, a New York-based unit of financial security software firm Nice Systems (NICE), told Investors Business Daily. He adds that middle managers who are actively involved in cybercrime tend to “feel they haven't been properly appreciated or compensated.”
Other middle managers, says Orad, may just be duped into helping hackers. "Because of [their] access, middle managers may unknowingly be accomplices to cybercrime and fraud by having their credentials and accounts taken over by cybercriminals. Cybercriminals know that middle management has access to key systems and therefore target this layer within the organization."
Meetup Website Suffers DDoS Attack After Spurning Ransom Demand
For five days, many groups that make connections via the social media site Meetup were unable to. The website was felled by several massive DDoS attacks that began last week and resulted in a protracted battle against the cybercriminals to keep the site up and running.
Last Thursday, Meetup CEO Scott Heiferman received an e-mail that said, "A competitor asked me to perform a DDoS attack on your website." Heiferman revealed in a blog post that the sender said the attack wouldn't happen if the company forked over a measly $300. When the company refused, reasoning that to negotiate with criminals would make the site a target for further extortion—demanding much greater sums—the series of attacks began. The site was quickly overwhelmed, but service was restored by Friday morning. The battle didn't end there, however. Another attack brought the site down again, and as of Monday, Meetup was reporting that it was working urgently to restore functionality. By Tuesday, it was back online, with a link on its homepage to some FAQs related to the outage. The company was quick to reassure customers that none of their personal data, including credit card information, was accessed during the cyberattack.
Cybercrime Hits the Airwaves
CBS is planning to air a spinoff of the hit TV series "CSI" (short for Crime Scene Investigation) that will focus on the agents in the FBI's cybercrime division.
CLOSE A timeline of notable moments in Presidential Candidate Hillary Clinton's life. USA TODAY NETWORK
Why you should vote for me.
Hillary Clinton campaigns Nov. 6, 2016, in Cleveland. (Photo11: Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images)
In January, America is going to have a new president. Things are going to change — that much is certain. The question is, what kind of change are we going to have?
We can build an economy that works for everyone, or stack the deck even more for those at the top.
We can keep America safe through strength and smarts — or turn our backs on our allies, and cozy up to our adversaries.
We can come together to build a stronger, fairer America, or fear the future and fear each other.
Everything I've done, as first lady, senator, or secretary of State, I've done by listening to people and looking for common ground, even with people who disagree with me. And if you elect me on Tuesday, that's the kind of president I'll be.
Here are four priorities for my first 100 days — issues I've heard about from Americans all over our country.
First, we will put forward the biggest investment in new jobs since World War II. We'll invest in infrastructure and manufacturing to grow our economy for years to come. We'll produce enough renewable energy to power every home in America within a decade. We'll cut red tape for small businesses and make it easier for entrepreneurs to get the credit they need to grow and hire — because in America, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it. We'll pay for it all by asking the wealthy, Wall Street and big corporations to finally pay their fair share. And this commitment will go far beyond the first 100 days. Creating more good jobs with rising incomes will be a central mission of my presidency.
Second, we will introduce comprehensive immigration reform legislation. The last president to sign comprehensive immigration reform was Ronald Reagan, and it was a priority for George W. Bush. I'm confident that we can work across the aisle to pass comprehensive reform that keeps families together and creates a path to citizenship, secures our border, and focuses our enforcement resources on violent criminals. This is the right thing to do, and it will also grow our economy.
Third, to break the gridlock in Washington, we need to get secret, unaccountable money out of our politics. It's drowning out the voices of the American people. So within my first 30 days, I will introduce a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United. We should be protecting citizens' rights to vote, not corporations' rights to buy elections.
Fourth, we need to get started on end-to-end criminal justice reform. Too many people have been sent away for far too long for non-violent offenses. I believe our country will be stronger and safer when everyone has respect for the law and everyone is respected by the law.
There's so much more we need to do together, and we certainly won't get it all done in the first 100 days. But we're going to roll up our sleeves and get to work for American families — and I'll never, ever quit.
I want to be president for all Americans — Democrats, Republicans and independents; Americans of every race, faith and background.
My opponent has run his campaign on divisiveness, fear and insults, and spent months pitting Americans against each other. I've said many times that Donald Trump has shown us who he is. Now we have to decide who we are.
Because it's not just our names on the ballot this year. Every issue we care about is on the ballot, too. This is about who we are as a country — and whether we are going to have change that makes us stronger together, or change that pushes us further apart.
It all comes down to this. I love our country. I believe in our people. And I think there's nothing we can't achieve if we work together and invest in each other.
Hillary Clinton is the Democratic nominee for president.
You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To submit a letter, comment or column, check our submission guidelines.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2f7Tx5i
Even Sen. Bernie Sanders' (I-Vt.) most ardent supporters would probably concede, albeit grudgingly, that he faces very long odds in the 2016 presidential race. So why run? Because there's value in having a national platform for bold, progressive ideas that might otherwise be ignored.
Bloomberg Politics reported yesterday , for example, on Sanders' new plan to make public college tuition-free in the United States.
The plan will provide tuition-free higher education to students at four-year colleges, the statement said, and is modeled after the way many European nations handle the costs of college. “Countries like Germany, Denmark, Sweden and many more are providing free or inexpensive higher education for their young people,” Sanders said in the statement. “They understand how important it is to be investing in their youth. We should be doing the same.”
That point about overseas examples is no small detail. The more the United States invests in an educated workforce, the greater our competitiveness on the international stage. There's no better way to guarantee America's role as a 21st-century superpower than lowering the barriers to higher education.
And if major economies like Germany can make tuition at public colleges free, there's no reason the United States can't, either. So what's the next step?
Obviously, in a Republican-led Congress, the discussion is over before it starts, and there's simply no way a proposal like Sanders' will even get a vote. If GOP lawmakers instinctively balked at President Obama's plan for free community-college tuition, it stands to reason that Congress will completely ignore the measure from the Vermont Independent.
As for how the senator would pay for the idea, Sanders hasn't released many details, but college costs would reportedly be paid for through a new tax on stock trades.
There are also some logistical challenges that would need to be worked out – in much of Europe, education at every level is more centralized, which as Libby Nelson noted yesterday at Vox, “gives the government more authority to set prices.”
But Sanders' idea is likely about changing the nature of the conversation. Indeed, as Republican politics becomes radicalized, so too does the GOP's approach to higher education. The Washington Post recently had this report on the congressional Republican budget.
Senate Republicans passed a budget on Tuesday that would roll back or eliminate a series of federal programs aimed at making college more affordable and student debt more manageable. […] Tucked into the spending plan is the elimination of guaranteed funding for Pell Grants, which provide money for the country's poorest students to attend college. Under the Republican plan, it would be up to Congress' discretion to fund the program every year, leaving families vulnerable to future budget cuts.
At the state level, red states are struggling with budget shortfalls, and it's university budgets that end up on the chopping block.
01101 00001 00110 01001 00001! I used to have a database cataloguing which of my friends are townspeople and which are mafia members, but my computer crashed and lost all the data. Obviously, townspeople only tell the truth, and mafia members lie every time they speak. Among my friends, there is one doctor and one detective, both of which are townspeople. Can you figure out which of my 45 friends to trust?
“If Gene is the doctor, then Carly and Ivanka are on the same team; otherwise, Carly and Ivanka are on different teams,” said Amata.
“The doctor is one of Dan, Gus, or Ivanka,” said Amy.
“There are fewer than 20 mafia members,” said Anna.
“The detective is Amy, Donald, Fred, Heidi, or myself,” said Andy.
“Either Barbara is a non-doctor townsperson, and/or Amata is the doctor,” said Ashton.
“Hillary is in the mafia,” said Barack.
“Out of Cory, Clinton, David, and Ivanka, exactly two are mafia members,” said Barbara.
“Barack and Amata are on opposite teams,” said Ben.
“Barbara and David are both townspeople, or Carly and Ibrahim are both townspeople,” said Bernie.
“At least 13 people (other than herself) are on the same team as Gwen.” said Betsy.
“Out of Gene, Grace, and Clinton, at least two of the three are townspeople,” said Carly.
“The number of townspeople is between 21 and 29,” said Carson.
“Hillary and Clinton are both townspeople,” said Chris.
“Either David is the detective, and/or there are four mafia members whose names start with C,” said Clinton.
“Out of Amata, Gene, Grace, and myself, there is at least one doctor and one other townsperson,” said Cory.
“Betsy and Igor are both mafia members,” said Dan.
“Out of Barbara, Bernie, Clinton, and myself, there is a doctor, a detective, and at least one mafia member,” said David.
“The doctor is one of Dan, Gus, or Bernie,” said Debbie.
“There are an odd number of townspeople whose names start with B,” said Devin.
“If Eric is a mafia member, then there fewer than 10 mafia members; if Eric is a townsperson, then there are more than 10 mafia members,” said Donald.
“If Ibrahim is a townsperson, then at least 19 of us are townspeople; if Ibraham is a mafia member, then at least 19 of us are mafia members,” said Ed.
“Ed is a mafia member,” said Elaine.
“The doctor's name is longer than the detective's name,” said Elena.
“Among Andy, Carson, and Clinton, there is one detective, no doctor, and no mafia members,” said Elizabeth.
“There is at most one mafia member whose name starts with A,” said Eric.
“Among Barack, Gene, Elena, and Hirono, there is one detective and one mafia member exactly,” said Fiorina.
“Among Amy, Andy, Cory, Elena, Grace, and myself, there are exactly two mafia members,” said Fischer.
“Fewer than 17 of us are townspeople,” said Flynn.
“Amy is a townsperson,” said Frank.
“The detective is either David or myself,” said Fred.
“There are more mafia members whose names start with B than ones whose names start with I,” said Gary.
“Ibrahim and Ivanka are on the same team,” said Gene.
“Neither Ed nor Irene is a mafia member,” said Grace.
“The doctor's name starts with H,” said Gus.
“Fischer and Ibrahim are on different teams,” said Gwen.
“Gary is either a mafia member or the detective,” said Haley.
“Donald and Grace are on different teams,” said Hank.
“Three or four mafia members have names starting with G,” said Heidi.
“Fiorina is either the doctor or the detective,” said Hillary.
“The doctor is among Elena, Grace, and Heidi,” said Hirono.
“At least one of Ivanka or Elaine is in the mafia,” said Ibrahim.
“There are at least four townspeople whose names start with B,” said Igor.
“Haley is a mafia member,” said Ileana.
“If Flynn is a mafia member, then exactly 27 of us are mafia members; if Flynn is a townsperson, then exactly 31 of us are mafia members,” said Irene.
“Ibrahim, Ed, and Irene are all townspeople,” said Ivanka.
“Andy is the detective,” said Anna.
“Fred is not the detective,” said Carson.
“The doctor is Amy, Gus, or Heidi,” said Elaine.
Note: An error in Igor's clue was fixed on Apr. 22.
Answer and recap [SPOILER]
CLOSE The president will reportedly tap Ajit Pai, an FCC commissioner and opponent of net neutrality regulations, to lead the agency. Newsy
FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai will speak at Mobile World Congress. (Photo11: Susan Walsh, AP)
The Federal Communications Commission has a new chairman, Ajit Pai, and, like President Trump who named him Monday as the agency's head, he's not a fan of unnecessary regulation — which in his view, includes Net neutrality.
Nominated to the FCC by President Obama in 2012, Pai and fellow Republican commissioner Michael O'Rielly, who joined a year later, often found themselves on the losing end of 3-2 votes at the agency over the last three years — including votes on Net neutrality and, more recently, Internet data privacy rules.
Democrats Tom Wheeler, the outgoing chairman, and commissioners Mignon Clyburn and Jessica Rosenworcel voted to approve those measures.
But the new commission — it's short two members as Rosenworcel has not been confirmed to remain — could seek ways to roll back those measures. President Trump has voiced opposition to the Net neutrality rules, passed by the FCC on Feb. 25, 2015, which require Internet service providers to treat all legal content equally and prohibits the unfairly blocking or slowing of content.
Before his dissent on those rules, Pai said at the time, "this Order imposes intrusive government regulations that won't work to solve a problem that doesn't exist using legal authority the FCC doesn't have."
Netflix, Google and other big websites were in favor of net neutrality rules. Internet service providers such as cable and telecom providers Comcast and AT&T opposed it. The contentious issue triggered an avalanche of public comments. The new Trump Administration was expected to try to roll back the rules, which Trump in a 2014 tweet called a "power grab" by President Obama.
A native of Parsons, Kan., Pai, who is 44, graduated with honors from Harvard University in 1994 and the University of Chicago Law School in 1997. He went on to serve as associate general counsel for Verizon Communications, senior counsel for the Justice Department's Office of Legal Policy and as an attorney at the FCC including as special advisor to the agency's general counsel.
At the FCC, Pai has pushed for a national broadband plan that would increase the deployment of high-speed connectivity. "I look forward to working with the new Administration, my colleagues at the Commission, members of Congress, and the American public to bring the benefits of the digital age to all Americans," Pai said in a statement.
ISPs were heartened by Pai's nomination. "During his tenure on the Commission, Chairman Pai has consistently demonstrated a common-sense philosophy that consumers are best served by a robust marketplace that encourages investment, innovation and competition," said Michael Powell, president & CEO of NCTA – The Internet & Television Association, an industry trade group, in a statement.
Pai "is highly qualified to lead," said David Cohen, Comcast's senior executive vice president and chief diversity officer, in a statement. "This is a terrific appointment for the American consumer and the companies the FCC regulates and we look forward to continuing to work with Chairman Pai in his new role.”
At non-profit advocacy group Free Press, President and CEO Craig Aaron noted that Pai supports the pending AT&T-Time Warner merger, which Trump has publicly questioned as good for the market. "He's never met a mega-merger he didn't like or a public safeguard he didn't try to undermine," Aaron said. "He's been an inveterate opponent of Net Neutrality, expanded broadband access for low-income families, broadband privacy, prison-phone justice, media diversity and more."
Pai could rethink his promise to undo Net neutrality rules, said Gene Kimmelman, president and CEO of public interest group Public Knowledge. "Every Commissioner who has been elevated to Chairman discovers the job is very different from what he or she thought it would be," he said in a statement.
"Most quickly discover that getting things done while running an agency sometimes requires a different set of skills as well as a willingness to compromise," Kimmelman said. "With this in mind, we urge Chairman Pai to preserve consumer protections and to focus on driving down prices and expanding choices for all essential communications services while preserving the Commission's recent pro-competitive and consumer protection rules and actions.”
Follow USA TODAY reporter Mike Snider on Twitter: @MikeSnider.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jS99MP
John McCain's campaign is imploding as the presidential candidate lapses into incoherence and petulance, and his running-mate becomes a national laughing-stock. In the face of an impending economic meltdown, the Democratic candidates, Obama and Biden, appear to be the only adults in the contest. Meanwhile, the GOP's erstwhile dependable allies, the corporate media, are displaying moments of journalistic integrity. This presents a problem for the Republican ticket for, as Stephen Colbert aptly observed, "reality has a liberal bias."
And so the polls show an expanding lead for Obama over McCain, with no clear indication that the trend might reverse.
Conventional political "wisdom" tells us that Barack Obama and Joe Biden may be on the road to a substantial victory in November.
Sorry, folks, but I'll have to rain on this parade.
Have you forgotten? Private Republican corporations count and compile the votes with secret and unverifiable software! Just as they did in 2000 and in 2004, and we all know how that turned out.
Accordingly, the stark fact remains: the Republicans might "win" this election, regardless of the preference of the voters. The culprits who rigged the previous elections are fully aware that they might face hard time in the federal slammer if President Obama's Attorney General is ordered to investigate past elections. Thus they are acutely motivated to use their considerable resources to keep Obama out of the White House.
And that's just the beginning: the GOP is waging a multi-front war on our democracy. As Mark Crispin Miller describes the situation in a recent e-mail:
The ground has been prepared for yet another stolen race, Bush/Cheney's party having made enormous strides in sabotaging our election system (while the Democrats just sat there, whistling). Now, from coast to coast, it's far more difficult (for Democrats) to register to vote, and far more difficult (for Democrats) to cast their votes, while countless (Democratic) voters have been stricken from the rolls, through purges carried out by the Department of Justice. Thus Bush's government has legally diminished the electorate (the Roberts Court approving every step). Meanwhile, the regime also continues to suppress the (Democratic) vote illegally, either through voter "caging" prior to Election Day--or, far more effectively, by fiddling with the numbers electronically at every level, and/or simply dumping countless names (of Democrats) from the electronic voter rolls, and/or putting far too few machines in (Democratic) polling places, and/or disinforming (Democratic) voters as to when and where to cast their votes, and/or simply scaring (Democratic) voters into staying home.
Happy talk notwithstanding, the situation facing the Democrats is desperate. But it is not hopeless.
However, if the Obama-Biden team is to win, it must win big. Less than 60% of the actual popular vote puts the contest into "The Diebold Zone," whereby a McCain-Palin win becomes plausible in the public mind, and the "paperless" GOP voting machines and their secret software take care of the rest.
That "big win" is within reach, but only through determined and energetic activity by the supporters of the Democratic candidates, and through brilliant tactics and inspiring leadership by the Democratic candidates and their managers.
In particular:
Registration and Turnout
The coordinated Republican effort at massive disenfranchisement can and must be overwhelmed.
If, as is likely, the GOP succeeds in keeping as many as five million Democratic voters from the polls, the Democrats in turn must register and send to the polls, ten million more. In addition, the word must go out that no one can assume that his or her vote is secure. Citizens must be urged to validate their registration status immediately. They can do so by contacting their Register of Voters, or by following this link.
Publicizing the Electoral Integrity Issue
The looming probability of another stolen election must be made vivid in the public consciousness. To date, the corporate media has refused to investigate and report election fraud, and the Democratic Party, amazingly, has behaved as if it either doesn't know or doesn't care that it has been robbed of election victories time and again. All this, despite the fact that electoral irregularities have been staring us in the face: the "butterfly ballots" and "holocaust survivors for Buchanan" in Palm Beach, Florida in 2000, the "lost" 16,000 democratic votes in the 2006 Florida 13th District Congressional election, the Diebold President's "visit" to Atlanta just prior to the 2002 election that cost the highly favored Max Cleland his Senate Seat, the destroyed and "lost" evidence in the 2004 Ohio election, and much, much, more.
In the face of such irregularities, and despite the media embargo, much of the public is suspicious of the electoral process. A September, 2006, Zogby poll disclosed that less than half of the American public was "very confident," and about a third "not at all confident," that George Bush won the 2004 election "fair and square." This suspicion must now be amplified and transformed into a demand that the next election be "fair and square."
Validating the Vote
Independent exit polls must be employed in battleground states that use paperless "direct recording electronic" (DRE) voting machines. In these states, the Attorneys General and the Secretaries of State must secure evidence such as computer hard drives, ballots, registration rolls, etc. and make it abundantly clear that destruction or hiding of such evidence will be prosecuted, as will any vote rigging that might be disclosed by such evidence. (In Ohio, the unexplained and illegal destruction of the 2004 voting records of 55 of the 88 counties, and the disappearance of crucial computer hard drives, have gone unpunished. This lost evidence alone might have proved the theft of the Ohio electoral votes, and with them the theft of the national election).
There are other means of exposing and deterring election fraud which, unfortunately, are unlikely to be employed this close to the election. . In randomly selected precincts a few DRE machines might be removed and examined for accuracy, or voters might be asked to vote both on the DRE machines and on paper ballots with the totals subsequently compared. Independent and parallel means of totaling ("compiling") and transmitting election returns would uncover illegal alterations of the vote.
Absent these effective modes of validation, it is essential that a massive number of Democratic poll workers and poll watchers (equipped with video cameras) be on hand on election day.
The Stakes
John McCain has repeatedly betrayed an inadequate and confused knowledge of foreign affairs, as he refers to non-existent countries and non-existent borders, confuses Shias and Sunnis, and fails to recognize leaders of allied nations. His "economic policy" consists of recitations of discredited slogans.
Given John McCain's age and physical condition, it is likely that if the Republican team wins in November, Sarah Palin will one day become the President of the United States, either during or following McCain's term of office. As Palin proves almost every time she opens her mouth, no candidate in U.S. history has been less qualified for that office. Still worse, her repertory of bizarre religious beliefs is downright frightening. Beliefs in witchcraft, "Young Earth Creationism," the "end of days," a denial of anthropogenic climate change, absolute prohibition of abortion and stem-cell research – all of these are profoundly discordant with the problems faced by a great power in the twenty-first century.
A Political Realignment
The traditional Republican power base of financiers, business people, corporate managers, etc., has seen control of their party slip into the hands of religious zealots and market dogmatists. The religious fundamentalists recruited by the Republicans to supply the votes required for political clout have taken over the party to the point of installing one of their own as the Vice Presidential candidate.
As a result, many influential conservative Republicans have declared outright that they can not align themselves with the religious right, and with Sarah Palin in particular. Among these apostates are George Will, David Brooks, Charles Krauthammer, Kathleen Parker and David Frum,.
No doubt, there are many more, some of whom will be heard in these final four weeks before the election. Many of these individuals are caught in a difficult dilemma, as they realize that in spite of what might be good for their party, the election of McCain and Palin, might not be good for the nation, its economy, and its international reputation. Those who place their loyalty to their country above their loyalty to their party may soon step forward and be heard: while the Republican Party, they might say, can survive defeat in November, the United States might not survive a McCain, and, eventually, a Palin presidency.
Summing Up
As election day approaches, the public clamor for change in Washington must become sufficiently intense that the media can not ignore it, and the Republicans dare not resist it. There must be an intensity of rejection of the party in power combined with uniting behind a reformer that has not been seen since FDR's election in 1932. Given the breadth and depth of corruption and lawlessness in the Bush/Cheney regime, the unpopularity of the Iraq war, and the collapse of the economy, such a time might again be upon us.
The usually pessimistic David Michael Green concedes as much:
It's been a bumpy ride, 2008 has. This election should have been an earthquake, a hurricane, a tsunami – pick your natural disaster metaphor (or combine them for exciting new variations!) – just waiting for the calendar to run out and make it official. In the end, it looks like that's how it will be after all. One gets the sense now that the laws of physics are finally reasserting themselves, and modest measures of sanity are stubbornly reclaiming their inevitable places. This is true both in the proximate sense, as Election 2008 now appears to be coming in for a landing, but also more broadly, as the last year or two perhaps mark the end of an era in American politics.
It remains to be seen if Barack Obama can survive the smears about to be dumped on him, and emerge in the public mind as a plausible instrument of hope and renewal. If so, it is just possible that an overwhelming outpouring of public support just might overcome another Republican attempt to steal the election.
At this moment, a month away from the election, the issue is very much in doubt.
Copyright 2008 by Ernest Partridge
_______
About author Dr. Ernest Partridge is a consultant, writer and lecturer in the field of Environmental Ethics and Public Policy. He has taught Philosophy at the University of California, and in Utah, Colorado and Wisconsin. He publishes the website, "The Online Gadfly" (www.igc.org/gadfly) and co-edits the progressive website, "The Crisis Papers" (www.crisispapers.org). His book in progress, "Conscience of a Progressive," can be seen at Dr. Ernest Partridge is a consultant, writer and lecturer in the field of Environmental Ethics and Public Policy. He has taught Philosophy at the University of California, and in Utah, Colorado and Wisconsin. He publishes the website, "The Online Gadfly" (www.igc.org/gadfly) and co-edits the progressive website, "The Crisis Papers" (www.crisispapers.org). His book in progress, "Conscience of a Progressive," can be seen at www.igc.org/gadfly/progressive/^toc.htm . Send comments to: gadfly@igc.org
The TODAY Show celebrated two special birthdays today as Karl Stefanovic and Stevie Jacobs each clocked up 10 years on the team.
Amid a sea of tributes from present and past members of the TODAY family, fellow host Lisa Wilkinson crunched the numbers and told Karl he had done over 8000 hours of breakfast television.
"And that officially makes you the most-watched person on Australian TV ever," she said.
The team then enjoyed a highlights reel of Karl's greatest hits from the past decade, along with video tributes from his closest colleagues.
"Working with Karl, as I have for the last eight years now, has been a complete joy," Lisa said.
"The wonderful thing about Karl is that every day is different."
Former co-host Georgie Gardner also gave her view on what Karl added to the team.
"You never quite knew what to expect, you never quite knew which direction we were going to," she said.
But even those closest to him admitted he had his faults - though these made for great television.
Karl Stefanovic with TODAY co-host Lisa Wilkinson. (9NEWS) (9NEWS)
"He's shocking with animals," Lisa said.
His attempts at singing and dancing were also discussed, but this time Lisa came to her "TV husband's" defence.
"Don't you dare say a word against Karl's dancing," she said.
Tracy Grimshaw, who was co-host when Karl joined, said he had become more polished since those early days but remained very much the same person he was 10 years ago.
Karl on set on his first day with Tracy Grimshaw and Richard Wilkins. (9NEWS) (9NEWS)
"The thing about Karl that's never changed is he's an original unit and he was an original unit from day one," she said.
Entertainment editor Richard Wilkins said people were "fascinated" by Karl.
"I always tell them Karl is an intoxicating mix of the world's best broadcaster, and naughty schoolboy. And long may that continue," he said.
Karl with his Gold Logie. (9NEWS) (9NEWS)
Weather reporter Jacobs said it was hard not to have fun working with Karl.
"Once he's done his job and made some good TV, he's happy," he said.
Jacobs came in for some praise of his own later in the show.
Former TODAY sports presenter and radio host Ben Fordham made a special appearance to offer his congratulations.
"You are the most consistent performer on the TODAY Show every single morning, I've always said that, because no matter where you are or what's in front of you, you always make some TV gold," he said.
Weatherman Stevie Jacobs has also celebrated 10 years on TODAY. ()
Newsreader Sylvia Jeffreys agreed Jacob's comic timing made him a star.
"Stevie Jacobs, the funniest man on Australian television," she said.
"I love you, I love working with you, and what you lack in height you make up for in exuberance."
Newsreader Sylvia Jeffreys said he was the funniest man on Aussie TV. ()
Wilkins was mystified by one of Jacobs' other mystical qualities.
"Stevie, a decade at the TODAY Show and you look younger than when you started," he said.
Wilkinson praised Jacobs' "genius comic moments".
His comic timing was praised by co-host Lisa Wilkinson. ()
"Stevie, congratulations on 10 fabulous years," she said.
"You absolutely make us smile every single morning on the show."
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
The above map reveals the bushfire outlook for southern Australia through to 2016.
Large areas of southern Australia, especially along the east and west coasts extending inland, face above normal fire potential for the 2015-2016 fire season, despite many fires in some parts of the country over the last 12 months. The above normal forecast is mostly due to a strengthening El Nino over the Pacific Ocean, currently tracking as one of the strongest on record, but is made more complex this year by the influence of warmer sea temperatures in the Indian Ocean.
There have also been significantly below average rainfalls over the last decade across almost all of eastern Australia, the west coast and Tasmania. Such underlying dry conditions mean that any surface moisture from recent rains will quickly decline once temperatures begin to warm. 2014 was Australia's third warmest year since records began and, when combined with such long term rainfall deficiencies, an early start to the bushfire season is likely in many areas.
The Southern Australia Seasonal Bushfire Outlook is used by fire authorities to make strategic decisions on resource planning and prescribed fire management for the upcoming fire season.
The outlook is decided at an annual workshop convened by the Bushfire and Natural Hazards CRC and the AFAC.
At the 2015 workshop in Perth the outlook was assessed and a range of broad climate factors were considered.
Rep. Steny Hoyer Steny Hamilton HoyerHouse to vote on background check bills next week Why Omar's views are dangerous On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE doesn't feel bad for Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE.
Boehner has struggled throughout this Congress to unite his splintered conference, but he's not going to get any sympathy from the House minority whip.
The Maryland Democrat said Boehner (R-Ohio) is getting his just desserts for helping to enlist the same Tea Party conservatives who have been a thorn in the Speaker's side.
This player has full sharing enabled: social, email, embed, etc. It has the ability to go fullscreen. It will display a list of suggested videos when the video has played to the end.
"John Boehner was involved in recruiting most of these people," Hoyer said in a sit-down interview in the Capitol. "So, you're a little bit 'hoist on your own petard' if you recruit people who then, [when] you bring your alternative [bills] … they tell you, 'Sorry, I don't agree with you, and I'm not going to support that.'
ADVERTISEMENT
"So, do I feel sorry for John?" Hoyer added. "I think John is a little bit in the position that he placed himself in when he recruited people who apparently came to Washington without a sense that, in a democracy, you have to reach compromise."
On a long and growing list of proposals championed this year by GOP leaders — from spending bills to farm policy to aid for Hurricane Sandy — Boehner has faced a revolt from his right-most flank that's embarrassed the party and sent leaders scrambling back to the drawing board in search of alternatives that could win more conservative support.
In several cases, GOP leaders were forced to defy most of their conference and move proposals with Democrats providing a majority of the votes.
Hoyer told The Hill that he and Boehner have a good relationship, but the Maryland legislator also urged the Speaker to be more forceful in the face of the recalcitrant conservatives in future fights.
"I feel empathy for John. … I respect him, and I like him," Hoyer said. "But he has been unable to marshal the support for his own ideas, much less coming together on bipartisan ideas. And very frankly, Speaker Boehner's going to have to do that."
Boehner's office declined to comment for this story. But the 2014 budget negotiations, which launched this week, will provide a telling window into whether the Speaker will soften his post-shutdown negotiating tactics.
Those talks got off to a rocky start
on Wednesday
, when the leaders of the budget conference — Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) and Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) — sparred over whether new tax revenue should be a part of the package.
“If this conference becomes an argument about taxes, we're not going to get anywhere,” warned Ryan, who, like most House Republicans, opposes almost any hike in taxes that is not offset with tax cuts.
Hoyer warned that such staunch positions would sink the chances of reaching an agreement. He said Democrats are ready to accept certain Republican demands for the sake of a deal, but was quick to warn that Ryan and other Republicans must be prepared to make similar concessions.
"I think and hope that Paul Ryan understands that, in order to get to a reasonable, common-sense conclusion to this budget conference, he's going to need to compromise," he said.
Hoyer expressed a strong optimism that Democrats could buck the odds and, not only pick up seats in 2014, but retake the Speaker's gavel. The recent shutdown, which sunk the Republicans' approval ratings, only increases those chances, he said.
"We can win back the House in 2014. And said another way, I think the Republicans can lose the House in 2014," Hoyer said.
"The American people are fed up with gridlock. … They want people to come to Congress to work together to get things done," he said. "So … I think we're going to have a very, very good opportunity to win back the House."
Hoyer has long been critical of the entrenched partisanship that's practically defined Washington politics in recent years, and
on Wednesday,
he amplified those charges, calling the 113th Congress "the most ideological … in which I've served."
Still, the 74-year-old Hoyer, who seemingly hasn't aged much at all in the last decade, isn't ready to walk away despite being "disgusted" with the current political environment.
"It's a wonderful job. … I get to meet people from all walks of life," the 17-term lawmaker said.
Hoyer acknowledged that he's not enamored with every aspect of the position, particularly in this age of partisan stalemates.
"But you know what?" he said with a laugh. "That's probably true of almost everybody who works."
"Mary Anne had been present in the White House with Reno and
when they dismembered a male child. He was stabbed in the heart and they watched him bleed to death."
By Henry Makow Ph.D.
The Illuminati sacrifice children in rituals eight times a year, "Mary Anne," an Illuminati defector who had been groomed for high political office, told me Sept 21, 2008 .
I am summarizing my 2008 interview here and another 14 months later. Much of what she says is simply outrageous. I can't vouch for any of it. But it is consistent with the testimony of other defectors, Svali, Sue Ford and Cathy O'Brien. The Illuminati count on people to be incredulous. That's their protection. The more egregious their crimes, the safer they are.
Mary Anne sounds convincing to me. Why would anyone defy the most powerful people in the world? Decide for yourself. Also, both interviews, although 14 months apart, are consistent. People who invent stories rarely can keep track of them.
Sept. 21, 2008 was the autumnal equinox. Mary Anne said that tens of thousands of children will be sacrificed that night in Illuminati ceremonies. The children are bred for the purpose or kidnapped. Satanists believe they gain power from killing. Often they rip out the heart and eat a piece of it. They prefer it to be still beating. At Easter, they kill adults.
There are also sexual rituals involving young children. They are believed to increase power, and create fear and solidarity in members.
Illuminati members live double lives. At night they engage in these Satanic rituals. By day they are found in all walks of life: medicine, education, psychology, therapy, banking, law, law enforcement, government, technology, military, charities and religion. They are everywhere. The worst are in the news on a daily basis posing as leaders.
They are the elite of Freemasonry. They are generational Satanists, which means you have to be born into it. You can't join. Their children are evaluated and trained. Mormons and "Nation of Islam" have parallel beliefs, she said.
The world has been divided into ten regions. Different groups are in control of North America. They are related to the Crowns of Europe.
Many Jews have a prominent role but the Illuminati is not predominantly Jewish. Muslim, Christian, Mormon, Wicca, Pagan and New Age groups all play a role, she said.
She said 80-90% of the House of Representatives and %100 of the Senate belong to the Illuminati.
Mary Anne said she was sexually abused by her own family from an early age. In spite, or because of this, she was groomed to be a prominent political figure. She worked closely with many world leaders and was sexually abused by them. She was tortured when she refused to carry out assassinations.
All religions are infiltrated and controlled by the Illuminati. The Vatican is rotten at the top. The future "Anti Christ" will be a Pope. All countries, including Russia, China and Iran, are controlled by the Illuminati. "You don't say no."
The Illuminati are behind the homosexual agenda, AIDS, and the sexual revolution. They foster anything that is in rebellion against the Christian God.
(Part Two Dec. 12, 2009)
JANET RENO
Mary Anne said she was feeling bitterness, resentment and hatred for Janet Reno. She had served as her sex slave and had been abused on many occasions in Reno's office at the White House and at a retreat in a "heavily wooded" part of Virginia.
"She called me 'Pet"", Mary Anne recalled. "I was her property at that point in time."
Mary Anne had been present in the White House with Reno and Madeleine Albright when they dismembered a male child. He was stabbed in the heart and they watched him bleed to death.
She had been present at the Virginia retreat when a defiant "high level" FBI agent had been sacrificed. FBI Diirector Louis Freeh, Janet Reno and about 40 other people had participated in the ritual.
She had recovered memories of Henry Kissinger who "controlled me through most of my childhood." Kids "were delivered to the White House." Kissinger was "so violent and rough that towels were needed to clean them up."
Both Kissinger and Nixon had sexually violated her as a three-year-old in a conference room at the White House. Kissinger engaged in anal and vaginal sex with boys and girls; Nixon only vaginal.
I have seen every sexual combination imaginable," she said.
These activities made Illuminati members blackmail-able and enforced group solidarity. As members of the Illuminati order, they felt superior to all and beyond the rule of law. They had a sense of entitlement. They had been selected from an early age and had "paid their dues."
Mary Anne said Jon Benet Ramsay was murdered in 1996, at age six, because she had overheard things that could not be repeated. Her Illuminati father had been loaning her out to his friends. Her mother tried to defend her and had to be sedated.
She claims that Queen Elizabeth wanted her to assassinate Diana and that she was "horsewhipped" for refusing. She claims Princes Charles and William were in on it. She describes Queen Elizabeth as the "instigator" and a foul mouthed "piece of work."
She said she had been trained as an assassin and had committed two killings. She claims W's brother, Neil Bush, runs a child slavery ring in the USA.
I asked Mary Anne to list the activities the Illuminati engage in. Here it is: Bestiality; sodomy; necrophilia; incest; wife swapping; child porn (they make it; real source of Hefner, Flynt, Polanski fortunes is children, not adults); snuff films; sex orgies; force children to have sex with farm animals & family pets; ritual murder and human sacrifice. Then, there is organized crime: drugs, prostitution, guns etc.
CONCLUSION
Eventually Mary Anne refused to serve and asked to be killed. For some reason, they let her go. She found Christ and that has been a source of strength.
Whether or not we accept the above as true, I believe a satanic cult, the Illuminati, does control the world and we are all being initiated into it unwittingly. What they call "social change" (or in the case of Obama, just "Change") is in fact social engineering and mind control. What they call "progress," is progress only if you are a Satanist and believe in the Luciferian Dispensation i.e. the New World Order.
Education and the mass media are a big part of this stealth indoctrination. The mass media includes music, video games, TV and cinema. For example, a reader pointed out that corpses and body parts figure prominently on TV now. Obviously we are being desensitized.
The first responsibility of government is to prevent a fanatical secret cult have taking control of society. It has failed.
--------
List of Satanic Holidays
NZ dollar jumps vs pound as BoE prints more money
NZ dollar jumps vs pound as BoE prints more money; kiwi holds above 67 US cts
By Paul McBeth
August 7 (BusinessWire) – The New Zealand dollar jumped against the pound after the Bank of England expanded its quantitative easing programme and revived demand for the greenback as stocks on Wall Street edged lower.
The British central bank held interest rates at a record low 0.5% as expected, but surprised the market by boosting its asset purchasing facility 50 billion pounds to 175 billion pounds, saying the banking sector needs to repair its balance sheet and will restrict the availability of credit. The downbeat comments from the BoE encouraged investors to eschew higher-yielding, or riskier, assets in favour of the relative safety of the world's reserve currency. The Dollar Index, a measure of the greenback versus a basket of six trading partners, climbed 0.3% to 77.95. The kiwi outperformed other so-called risk currencies and held above 67 U.S. cents.
The British central bank's “downbeat outlook for U.K. growth paved the way for U.S. dollar strength,” said Danica Hampton, currency strategist at Bank of New Zealand. “The kiwi held up relatively well, only nudging slightly lower.”
The New Zealand dollar was little changed at 67.05 U.S. cents from 67.04 cents yesterday, and jumped to 39.95 pence from 39.44 pence. It rose to 62.21 on the trade-weighted index, or TWI, a measure of the currency versus a basket of trading partners, from 62.05 yesterday, and increased to 63.95 yen from 63.87 yen. It advanced to 79.78 Australian cents from 79.69 cents yesterday, and gained to 46.71 euro cents from 46.54 cents.
Hampton said the currency may trade between 66.60 U.S. cents and 67.60 cents today. She expects it will push above 68 cents in the coming weeks as investors remain optimistic that the global economy is well on the road to recovery.
The Reserve Bank of Australia will announce its monetary policy statement today, and currency traders will be looking to see if Governor Glenn Stevens hints at when the central bank will start hiking interest rates.
Australia managed to avoid a recession, and its unemployment rate fell below New Zealand's yesterday when it held steady at 5.8% compared to a nine-year high 6% across the Tasman.
Non-farm payrolls out today in the U.S. “will have to be a real shocker” to dampen global optimism, Hampton said. America shed around 320,000 jobs in July, according to a Reuters survey, but “it would take something like twice that” to knock the wind out of investors' sentiment, she said.
(BusinessWire)
© Scoop Media
