Animating a Walk Cycle
Animating a convincing walk is one of the most difficult things to achieve, and this is what determined me to make this tutorial. Hopefully this tutorial will help you understand some animation tips and theoretical concepts when animating a walk cycle. I will break the rules and tell you that animating walks is not the hardest thing in the world, you just need to know how to do it right. There is no need to learn how to make various types of walks (i.e. fast, slow, jumpy, sad, etc.), but you need to know some basic steps. All the steps are going to be applied to all walk types; the rest is just tweaking and flavoring.
Basically, animating a walk cycle requires producing two extreme key positions, and twining them in a logical way. As all the components of your character (such as head, arms, body, legs) seem to move independently, and that's why it appears so impossible to nail the action in a character walk. However, when breaking down the action into sections, the task becomes so far much simple.
A much easier way to reproduce a walk effect is to use a walk cycle. In a walk cycle, the character's walk is repeated on the spot. However, even though a walk cycle is slightly more demanding from a technical point of view, it saves you a lot of time.
The shooting suspect in a double homicide investigation has been identified and charged.
According to the Presque Isle County Sheriff's Office, Richard Strzelecki, 63, was arraigned Friday morning for two counts of homicide/first degree murder, two counts of homicide/felony murder, one count of home invasion, as well as one count of felony firearm weapons.
Strzelecki is being held without bond due to the violence of the charges. He is facing life in prison without parole.
Strzelecki is accused of killing two brothers, Eugene Hincka, 60, and Henry Hincka, 48. Investigators say the alleged murder took place around 8 a.m. on Thursday in Pulawski Township.
Sheriff Robert Paschke says the department received a 911 call from someone saying that there had been a possible shooting, and gave the address of Hincka's home. Paschke declined to comment about who made the 911 call.
"When the deputies went into the residence there was still the smell of gun powder," said Paschke.
Deputies say Strzelecki and the Hincka's were neighbors and partners in a farming business and that financial issues may have triggered the shootings.
Neighbors and community members said they were shocked to hear about the news.
"Richie is a fantastic guy," said Mary Jane Hentkowski, a neighbor and friend of all three men. "All of them were fantastic, I just can't believe any of this."
Strzelecki is scheduled to be back in court for a pretrial Jan. 27 and a preliminary exam February 3.
All illustrations by Michael Dockery
If you think starting university is hard, try doing it as a 17-year-old virgin going through a breakup, while spreading the word of God in a really pretentious, aloof way.
I'd discovered religion a few months earlier through my girlfriend at the time. This had leaded me to the only church with parishioners under 50 in my rural South Australian town, which just happened to be a batshit-crazy Pentecostal Church. That's why by the time I started uni, I was in the peak of my Jesus phase.
I started university with an act of rebellion—I skipped O Week. I felt I had better things to do, like reading the entire Old Testament. Besides, I figured there'd be hardly any Christians around aside from the ones operating the Evangelical Students' Club stall, and those guys looked freaky. Yes, as I said, I was aloof. Little did I know that one year later I would be one of those over-smiley club members desperately trying to ensnare innocent passersby in a "conversation about the lord."
Things didn't go too well in my first year. When classes finally started I introduced myself in tutorials as "Mat, the Christian" and began wearing a homemade "I heart Jesus" t-shirt. Then my Christian girlfriend broke up with me, and having already acted like a total weirdo in front of the school, I was alone and desperate to connect with anyone. So I turned to the only people left: The other Jesus freaks.
They had a clubroom in "Oasis," the uni's religious hub, which was just a badly furnished room that smelled like a dusty confessional. A couple of dingy couches were scattered at the entrance where you could sit and browse books on anything from Buddhists to the pope. The first time I visited, we read the Bible and talked about evolution. It was a hot topic for me at the time because I was deciding whether, as a Christian, I was obliged to take Genesis literally and swallow the idea that God created the world in seven days, which is obviously pretty difficult to reconcile with modern science. But the group leader, a disheveled mature age student who looked like he worked at a secondhand bookstore, was adamant that the principles of evolution (survival of the fittest) were incompatible with the loving ways of old-mate Jesus (revival of the faithiest). I didn't get along so great with other Jesus people either, but on the whole they were friendly and relatively welcoming.
A few weeks later I was in conversation with some other, non-Jesus-freak people. Someone said, "Jesus!" and I asked them to please never use the word Jesus in vain. I was given a weird, disgusted look and from there I realised I would never be accepted by the general school community. A lot of people might change their attitude at this point but not me. Instead, I decided to go whole hog and—on my own initiative—ask to speak to the class before our property law lecture.
In front of a class of around a hundred people I stood up and invited everyone to participate in our Wednesday discussion group on whether there is proof Jesus existed (you wouldn't believe which side of the debate we took). Needless to say this didn't go well. My invitation to was met with silence and awkward looks and I retreated to the back of the hall.
Soon after came the highlight of the evangelically minded uni student's year: religion week. We had plans to reach the entire student population with the wondrous word of God and we went all out. We had posters, we had stalls, we had debates and meetings. Of course, it was all to no avail. In the words of Paul McCartney, "No one was saved." But we clung to our faith and said to ourselves, "Next year. Next year it will be better."
With an optimism unsupported by reality (this is religion we're talking about) I volunteered to run the O Week stall for the following year's incomers. I didn't really reflect on it so much at the time but I'd somehow come full circle. We set up our nice table with our flyers and smiles, polo shirts, and sandals. We said "hi" to people, we called them over, we had so many arguments and great things to say about God, and no-one gave a fuck. Everyone walked right past, avoiding us like the plague, including the Young Labor Party leader with the mad look in his eye.
Between that horrendous stint at O Week, and next year's O Week, I gave up on religion. I wrote a thing about it for VICE last year, but I will say that it was a complete relief. No more forcing my beliefs on would-be friends, no more feeling guilty for not talking about Jesus enough, and no more exhausting stalls. Sure, it was too late to make things right with anyone from university, but at least I couldn't sink any lower.
Joining a university club wasn't the best experience of my life. In fact, it turned out to be one of the most humbling, humiliating, and demoralising things I've ever volunteered to do. Memories of the O Week I didn't skip will haunt me forever. Nowadays I feel sorry for the well-meaning, soon-to-be disillusioned people working those stalls, as you should too. But I still always avoid eye contact with them.
Follow Mat on Twitter.
By: Max Klotz
Final Score: Denver Broncos: 41 Oakland Raiders: 17
The Raiders struck first in this game and jumped out to a 10-6 lead early in the second quarter. Peyton Manning threw two first half interceptions which the Raiders turned into a field goal and a Derek Carr touchdown to Brice Butler. D.J Hayden had one interception on a tipped ball and Justin Tuck had the other. However, Peyton Manning returned to his normal superhuman ways on a screen pass to C.J. Anderson. Anderson took Manning's pass 51 yards for Manning's first touchdown of the day.
Manning did not look back from there. He finished the day with five touchdown passes and 340 yards. The Raiders could not stop any of the Denver offense and four Broncos ended the day with more than 60 receiving yards. Emmanuel Sanders caught two touchdowns and Julius Thomas caught two touchdowns, while C.J. Anderson tore put the Raiders catching the ball and running it. Anderson finished the day with 163 scrimmage yards and one receiving touchdown.
The entire Raider offense struggled against the revamped Broncos defense. Derek Carr ended the day with only 192 passing yards despite throwing the ball 47 times. He also threw two interceptions, one to T.J. Ward and the other to Bradley Roby, the Broncos first round draft pick. On the bright side, the Raiders offensive line was able to keep the Broncos vicious pass rushers, namely Von Miller and Demarcus Ware, off Derek Carr. They did not give up a sack on the day.
The Raiders only rushed for 30 yards and their longest rush on the day was 6 yards long. The Raiders need to establish their running game if they want any hope of winning games this year. Derek Carr cannot carry this team with his arm, at least not at this point in his career. Their leading rusher was McFadden and he only had 14 rushing yards.
Next up the Raiders have the San Diego Chargers. The Raiders best game of the year so far was probably their last game against the Chargers, when Carr threw for 4 touchdowns. At that point in the season the Chargers looked like one of huge strongest teams in the AFC. However, the Chargers are now only one game above .500 after having lost three straight games. The most recent of those was a 37-0 drubbing at the hands of the Miami Dolphins. Maybe the Raiders can have a repeat performance against San Diego.
Cover Image: By Jeffrey Beall [CC-BY-SA-3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0)], via Wikimedia Commons
David Duke, Jesse Helms and Lee Atwater would be proud. Those abominable race baiters (Helms and Atwater are dead) were undoubtedly the inspiration for a shocking television spot that Republican U.S Sen. David Vitter began running Tuesday on television stations and cable channels around Louisiana.
In the time it took one 30-second commercial to play, it was back to the (racist) future, Louisiana-style.
Advertisement:
Vitter, who barely made it into the Nov. 21 runoff for governor with Democratic state Rep. John Bel Edwards, demonstrated that he will stop at nothing to win the governor's office – including trying to drag the state back to its racist past.
Political observers in Baton Rouge expected the runoff to get nasty. Vitter was deeply wounded by a poor, 23 percent showing on election night (Oct. 24). He finished 17 points behind Edwards, who surprised almost everyone with a strong 40 percent showing, leading the field of four major candidates. Many observers now give Edwards an even chance, or better, at winning the Governor's Mansion, something unfathomable just weeks ago.
Few, however, thought Vitter would go full-tilt Willie Horton on just the third day of the runoff election. But he did.
In the spot, paid for by Vitter's campaign, photos of President Obama and Edwards (who have never met) are cleverly melded together to appear as if they are standing side by side. In a menacing voice, the announcer warns, “Voting for Edwards is like voting to make Obama Louisiana's next governor. Want proof? Obama dangerously calls for releasing six thousand criminals from jail.
“Edwards joined Obama, promising at Southern University he'll release fifty-five hundred in Louisiana alone,” the spot continues. “Fifty-five hundred dangerous thugs, drug dealers, back into our streets.”
As anyone in Louisiana knows, Southern University is the state's largest historically black university. And, as anyone who has studied racial politics over past decade can attest, “thug” is a loaded word – a racial dog-whistle that means, to many, a “black criminal.”
Advertisement:
Let's save for another day a fulsome discussion of the need for sentencing reform in a state with the nation's highest incarceration rate. Let's note, however, that the policies Vitter attacks as dangerous are supported by a broad coalition of Republicans and Democrats, including the Koch Brothers, who have joined forces with Obama to promote sensible prison and sentencing reforms.
Vitter, according to the Baton Rouge Advocate, last March advocated his own prison and sentencing reforms. Edwards says he has never proposed any wholesale inmate release but rather reforms similar to what Vitter himself has supported.
What's important here is not that Vitter is angling for a debate with Edwards about prison reform. He's not. He couldn't care less about that debate.
Vitter's objective is, quite simply, to smear Edwards by reviving and exploiting Louisiana's fearful, racist past.
Advertisement:
Vitter is fishing for votes in the same putrid pond where Louisiana's racists of old reeled in many voters. And he's using the same racist bait – fear of the violent black man.
Twenty-five years after the fact, nothing I've done in my political life is more satisfying to me than my role in helping defeat a former Ku Klux Klan leader, David Duke, in his 1990 race for the U.S. Senate. I was campaign press secretary to Duke's Democratic opponent, U.S. J. Bennett Johnston. It was a vicious fight in which I saw the best and the worst of my beloved Louisiana.
We vanquished Duke, but not by as much as we hoped or expected – he got more than half the state's white vote. Duke repeated the feat again the following year while losing a tough gubernatorial runoff to former Gov. Edwin Edwards. Both men were deeply flawed individuals – Edwards tinged by decades of corruption accusations and Duke hobbled by his Klan and neo-Nazi past (which really wasn't in the past).
Advertisement:
Many voters like me held our noses and voted for Edwards. The mantra, which even made it onto a bumper sticker was, “Vote for the crook. It's important.”
In the quarter century since those two campaigns – which portrayed Louisiana as a haven for some of the nation's most intolerant racists and abhorrent bigots – I've prayed that my state was finally entering a new, more enlightened era.
Even though Louisiana is more politically conservative, and no Democrat has won statewide office here since 2008, I believed that our people had gradually grown more tolerant and less susceptible to a politician's subtle or overt racist appeals.
Advertisement:
Vitter, however, must believe that the past is still the present.
Despite his despicable, bigoted fear mongering, I'm still hopeful we have put our racist era behind us. There's a decent chance that Vitter's problems with the electorate are so profound that even a skillful, racist appeal won't win over all the Republicans who voted for his two GOP opponents.
Edwards, the son of a sheriff and the brother of another, on Monday earned the enthusiastic endorsement of the Louisiana Sheriff's Association. Casting this West Point graduate and former Army Ranger as weak on crime won't be easy.
And Edwards isn't hesitating to take the fight to Vitter. Referring to Vitter's 2007 prostitution scandal, Edwards said in a spot this week, “David Vitter wouldn't last a day at West Point.”
Advertisement:
In the end, Vitter's racist spot could push more black voters to the polls for Edwards on Nov. 21.
As for the racist voters Vitter wants, are they as numerous as he hopes? Probably not. But even if they are, that doesn't mean they'll be easily duped by Vitter's scare tactics.
That's because maybe even racists can recognize desperation when they see it. Moreover, they likely suspect that Vitter really isn't one of them. Like me, they understand that he's not a true racist in the tradition of David Duke.
Rather, Vitter is just a cheap political prostitute trying to turn a few tricks for the state's dwindling and dying congregation of bigots.
In July, an Ontario woman was accused of responding to “rape fantasy” ads on Craigslist – pretending to be her ex-fiancé's wife and directing strangers to show up at the other woman's home.
The Ontario woman was arrested and jailed. But on Monday the tale took a bizarre twist.
The wife has been charged with kidnapping, false imprisonment and perjury for allegedly framing the Ontario woman in a complex scheme for reasons that remain unclear, according to authorities.
Michelle Suzanne Hadley, 30, was arrested in July on suspicion of stalking 31-year-old Angela Diaz and responding to “rape fantasy” ads on Craigslist pretending to be Diaz. Prosecutors at the time said Hadley also sent Diaz numerous emails threatening her life and the life of her unborn child.
But authorities now believe that Diaz was actually behind the Craigslist ads and emails in an effort to set up Hadley.
In a news conference Monday, Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said Hadley, who spent more than three months in jail, is an “innocent victim of a diabolical scheme.”
All charges were dropped against Hadley, who had been released on her own recognizance in October.
“As important as the filing of charges against Ms. Diaz is the dismissal of the previous complaint and full exoneration of Michelle Hadley,” Rackauckas said. “I wanted to make sure … that Ms. Hadley is cleared in every possible way – in the courtroom, and in the court of public opinion.”
Prosecutors said Hadley dated her former fiancé, identified in court records as U.S. Marshals Service agent Ian Diaz, from 2013 to 2015, before he married Angela Diaz. The married couple lived in Anaheim.
Court records show Angela Diaz filed a restraining order against Hadley in June. Diaz then accused Hadley of violating the restraining order and stalking her.
In a story that made national news, Hadley was accused of posing as Diaz on Craigslist, seeking partners for sexual acts resembling rape. She was accused of sending the men photos of Diaz and telling the responders that she wanted them to have forcible sexual intercourse with her, “even if she screamed or resisted,” prosecutors said last year.
On Monday, prosecutors said it was Diaz who responded to the Craigslist ads. Authorities said she called 911 and falsely claimed a man had entered her garage and attempted to rape her before she was able to chase the man away. Authorities said she even made a red mark on her neck and ripped her shirt before making the call.
But, police said, males did show up, including a 17-year-old.
Rackauckas said authorities had good reason to arrest and charge Hadley for safety concerns, because of the continuing email threats and repeated responses on Craigslist. If convicted, Hadley could have faced life in prison.
Complicating the case, prosecutors said, was that Diaz allegedly sent the emails to herself from eight accounts using private networks and third-party servers to disguise her internet protocol address.
After Hadley's arrest, investigators began serving search warrants to uncover the IP addresses linked to the emails, which can take several months, prosecutors said.
In September, they got a break – one IP address came back linking emails to Diaz's Anaheim condominium, prosecutors said. Investigators began uncovering more emails allegedly sent from Diaz's condo, a cellphone and her father's home in Arizona.
The case against Diaz further unfolded, authorities said, after authorities investigated her for allegedly altering a paycheck from an employer.
Police then uncovered, they said, other alleged fraud activity including faking cervical cancer, faking a pregnancy, pretending to be an attorney, forging doctor's notes and impersonating two of her husband's ex-girlfriends over email.
She is awaiting extradition from Arizona, where she moved back to, and faces up to 23 years in custody if convicted.
http://launch.newsinc.com/js/embed.js
var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push(['embed']);
Hadley's attorney, Michael Guisti, said his client had to drop out of the MBA program at Chapman University and has been afraid to leave her home because of intense media coverage.
Hadley, flanked by her parents, appeared briefly on Monday in Orange County Superior Court in Fullerton, where a judge dismissed all of the charges against her.
“Obviously, this has been a huge nightmare for me, probably the most traumatic experience of my life,” Hadley said outside of the courthouse. “I'm glad it's finally over, and I can move on with my life.”
Her lawyer said that Anaheim police should have investigated the case more thoroughly before arresting her. Police spokesman Sgt. Daron Wyatt said he could not go into details because of anticipated litigation.
“D.A. Rackauckas said APD did everything right,” the sergeant said in a statement. “There was a public-safety concern with strong evidence indicating Hadley was committing the crimes alleged.”
Diaz and her husband have since separated and are going through a divorce, a prosecutor said.
Contact the writer: kpuente@ocregister.com
Anyone who tries to connect that divide between raising an autistic child and adhering to faith traditions knows what a difficult task that is. And I'm not talking about crisis of faith, about those “What is God's plan? or “Why my child?” or “Will my prayers ever be answered?” type of problems. I'm talking about including special needs children in faith practices and in houses of worship.
Whether the child is high-functioning, moderate, or severely autistic, whether he can talk or not, if he has behavioral issues or problems in social settings, whatever the nature of his autism is, finding a way to incorporate him into religious ceremonies or specific practices of faith can be an exercise in frustration and futility, especially if one's house of worship does not have a plan of inclusion for special needs children – and most don't.
To be sure, some religious communities are making the effort to include their special needs parishioners in their services. Some autism organizations even offer great informational sheets on how to plan for services at houses of worship. But within the Muslim community, at least in the Muslim American community, I've seen little inclusion of special needs children and adults in mosques. As I've connected with more and more Muslim families with autistic children, one of our biggest sources of sadness and frustration is we often feel the welcome mat isn't out for our children.
Salat, the Mosque, and the Special Needs Child
Going for salat (prayers), especially Jummah salat (Friday prayers) at the mosque is something I have not done with our eldest son, Lil D, in a long time. Salat is a very exact and precise exercise in worship. We must stand in straight lines, shoulder to shoulder, avoiding gaps in between. We must follow the direction of our imam and concentrate on our prayer. Any kids who get rowdy during salat usually get a reprimand. Even in the ladies section, where moms are more sympathetic to crying babies and fidgety kids, a child who is quite disruptive is not welcome.
Meet my son – the rowdy, disruptive child.
He is constantly on the move, and when he is stymming, he is LOUD. I've had sisters come and give me a talking to when I've tried to keep Lil D with me during Friday prayers, not to mention tons of looks that I get. Sometimes I try to explain what the situation is, and sometimes I find it's not worth it. Often, when we go to the mosque for Friday prayers, my husband and I take turns. He prays with the congregation while I hang outside with Lil D, and then he comes out and I go in to pray – but I pray alone.
I stopped taking Lil D to taraweeh during Ramadan as well. The rush of people, the loudness of prayers being said over the microphone – it's just too much. I tried it a few times, but I met my waterloo when, after a day of fasting, I broke my fast and then took Lil D into the hallway during Maghreb prayers because he was being disruptive. And he got so agitated that I ended up taking him home – and hours later I realized I never prayed Maghreb at all.
Eid prayers can also be hit-or-miss. While I have successfully been able to take Lil D to most Eid prayers and pray myself (because we're in a big community hall or sports center, and I position myself in the back, on the edge where I can keep an eye on him), I still feel the void for him. There seems to be nothing geared towards making him feel a part of the celebration.
I know the fault doesn't entirely lie with the mosque, the imam, or the Muslim community. It's imperative on me to be an advocate for my son, to introduce him to the congregation, to fight for his place there, to talk to the imam and explain our needs. But when you fight battles of inclusion at every turn, when you expect your mosque, your religious community to be your sanctity, you don't want to have to make the effort there. You want the effort to be made for you – by your community, by Allah.
Stepping Up to the Plate
And so, when I heard that a special Eid celebration was being organized for special needs kids this year in Washington, D.C., by the DC chapter of the Muslim American Society, I was overjoyed. This was the second year I had heard about it, and last year, for various reasons, we were unable to take Lil D. But this year, I was bound and determined to make it happen.
Last weekend, we had our plans laid out – we would go to Maryland and drop our other two kids off with my parents, and we would take Lil D to his special Eid celebration. Unfortunately, my youngest son and I both came down with bad colds, and I despaired that once again my careful plans were falling apart. But my husband came up with a new plan. He would take Lil D, and I would relax at home with the other kids. I was still upset and wanted to go myself, but I came to the conclusion that – as usual – I may make plans, but Allah knows best.
So off they went, with my instructions to my husband that he would have to write about the experience when he returned that evening. Now my husband is not a writer by any means. But he obliged me. Throughout the day he sent me text messages and photos of the experience, and when he came home that night, I could see it had been a very special, moving day for him.
I thank MAS-DC for putting this together, for giving our son an Eid celebration just for him, geared for him, special for him. I thank them for encouraging the kids to pray, regardless of if they did the movements correct, of they stood in a straight line, or if they made noises.
Below is my husband's account of the Eid prayer and celebration:
Angels in the Congregation
My wife and I had always felt a void when it came to Muslim community events geared specifically towards special needs children. So when my wife found out that the MAS community center in Alexandria, Virginia was organizing an Eid event for special needs children, she was one of the first ones to sign up.
We had planned to go with the entire family and drop our two ‘normal' kids with the grandparents and take Lil D to the event. Unfortunately our little one came down with a cold the eve of the event forcing us to change our plans. I decided to take Lil D, while Mamma stayed home with the other two.
The drive from our home to Alexandria, VA is about an hour and a half. When we arrived at the MAS community center, it was a beautiful fall day with mild temperatures. We were greeted at the registration desk by two volunteers who signed us in. They gave us a map of the facility and explained where all the stations were set up. By this time, Lil D had already spotted the moon bounces in the parking lot, so off we went! There were about 10 kids, and they all stood patiently — taking turns in the moon bounces. After Lil D bounced to his heart's content (no time or age limits here!), we headed towards the petting zoo.
Lil D enjoyed the little pony at the petting zoo and took a special liking to the alpaca. The poor animal actually felt a little intimidated because he kept trying to push his fingers into its mouth. They even had a pony ride, but Lil D was just not in the mood. Next, we decided to check out the indoor stations.
Lil D was excited to see the gift station. They had gifts for kids of different ages colorfully wrapped. Lil D picked up his own gift and unwrapped it right there; it was a set of stacking blocks! We tried the face painting station next, but as expected, the first touch of wet paint on Lil D's face, and he jumped out of his chair. At the photo station he sat nicely and posed for a nice portrait with me. We went to the food station next, but Lil D is not much of a pizza fan, so we headed out for some chicken nuggets and fries instead. We rushed back just in time for the special Zuhr prayer.
The Zuhr prayer was certainly the highlight of the event. All the parents and kids had gathered in the prayer hall after lunch. The imam gave a brief talk about the importance of salat, even for kids with special needs. He then explained that even though Zuhr prayer is normally offered in silence, he would make an exception for this special jamaat. He read aloud at every step so that the kids could benefit from listening to how Salat is offered.
To see these kids stand in khayam and do sajdah (prostrate) before Allah, their creator, was something special. They might have stood in crooked lines, their wadu (ablution) might have been imperfect, but there was something about this jamaat that really tugged at everyone's heart. After all it was Allah's angels on earth in congregation.
— Mir T. Ali
Sony's 2015 press conference is live at 6:00pm, and we're here at E3 to tell you everything the company has coming.
Sony's been decidedly quiet about any announcements or games that they'll be showcasing this year, so we can only hope it's something BIG. By big, of course, we mean The Last Guardian, but, well, that's probably not going to happen. What else could pop up? Definitely Morpheus, maybe that PS+ version of DriveClub we've been waiting for? Another (better) try at Playstation All-Stars Battle Royale (maybe with some actual stars), or that it's-been-rumoured-forever-but-will-probably-never-happen Crash Bandicoot reboot? We can dream.
At least we know we'll probably get a handful of HD remakes (though the rumoured FFVII remake, we'd be okay with)!
Read on, find out, and be sure to let us know what you think!
Civil rights activists are concerned for privacy, usefulness of practice
Wisconsin began expanding its data bank of DNA April 1 by now collecting samples from people convicted of misdemeanor crimes. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
A new state law that took effect April 1 requires every person convicted of a crime or serious traffic offense to submit a DNA sample that the government will use to try to solve other crimes in which suspects haven't been identified.
Felons and sex offenders have undergone DNA testing for years, but the new law extends the requirement to anyone convicted of a misdemeanor such as writing a bad check or being caught with marijuana, and traffic offenses like a second offense of driving with a revoked license.
The state expects to collect 68,000 samples in the first year of the new practice, and those samples will be compared with DNA left at the scenes of crimes that have gone unsolved. Civil rights advocates have cried foul over the law, saying the state intends to keep genetic records forever on anyone who runs afoul of even minor laws. But law enforcement officials say the new procedure will help put violent criminals behind bars.
"There is a huge investigative benefit to taking DNA at arrest by solving crimes and preventing future victimization," Wisconsin Attorney General Brad Schimel said in a press release. "Serious crimes will be solved by matching suspects in our database to offenders, as well as eliminating innocent persons from law enforcement investigations."
Samples typically are taken in jails by staff members who use sterile swabs to collect DNA from inside offenders' mouths, and sheriff's departments already are worried about the time and expense associated with the law.
Cracking cases
DOJ officials say DNA data already has helped police identify suspects based on forensic data left behind at a crime scene or obtained in a sexual assault kit.
"We get dangerous people off the street before they do more crime," said Brian O'Keefe, administrator for the division of law enforcement services in the Wisconsin DOJ. "It will save lives."
Schimel said in a memo that the Wisconsin Crime Lab data bank has helped police match DNA left at crime scenes with suspects more than 5,600 times since 1998. Those samples were taken from convicted felons; O'Keefe said it is too early to show that adding DNA samples from misdemeanor convictions has solved crimes.
Civil liberties advocates say they are concerned about how this law is being implemented and its ultimate value to public safety.
American Civil Liberties of Wisconsin Executive Director Christopher Ahmuty said the organization opposes the expansion.
"In the case of the people who've just been arrested with probable cause, it turns the presumption of innocence on its head," he said. "When it's all convictions for misdemeanors, that suggests this is more about a fishing expedition than narrowly tailoring an investigation."
Ahmuty said he thinks a better use of resources would be to focus on collecting more samples from crime scenes for analysis.
Wisconsin has about 14,000 samples of DNA in its forensic database, according to DOJ documents. It has collected more than 154,000 samples from offenders.
"If you're looking at allocating resources, I think you get more bang for your buck to make sure that the rape kits and other things you need to investigate crimes are done properly," Ahmuty said.
He said the ACLU also has concerns about human error in the process of collecting and analyzing DNA. The ACLU is monitoring how the expansion rolls out and watching for errors and abuses.
Practical problems
The new sampling requirements also pose problems for those responsible for collecting and mailing the samples, officials say. Central Wisconsin sheriff's departments already have had to reallocate staff and time to collect and send samples for testing.
In the Marathon County jail, for example, a staff member has been assigned to collect DNA by appointment on Tuesdays. Jail Administrator Sandra La Du-Ives said scheduling the appointments after conviction gives the jail staff time to do the necessary administrative work before people arrive.
She said the county anticipates collecting about 2,000 samples annually under the new law.
Some staff members have been pulled off their original job duties and assigned to focus only on collecting the swabs, Marathon County Chief Deputy Chad Billeb said. He said it's a defendant's responsibility to show up and complete the DNA sample; those who don't can be charged with new misdemeanor crimes.
Buy Photo The state provides Wisconsin counties with the supplies to collect required DNA samples. (Photo: Sari Lesk/Stevens Point Journal Media)
In Portage County, defendants are directed to report to the jail after conviction to submit their samples. They may have to wait for a staff member to be available to assist them, Portage County Jail Capt. Cory Nelson said.
"If there's a lot going on that day, those people could come in here and wait a significant amount of time," he said.
In Wood County, Chief Deputy Randy Dorshorst said his staff isn't expecting substantial wait times but is still analyzing the expected impact on jail operations because people may come when jail staff are already busy with other issues.
"We knew it was coming out, so we worked on it right away," he said. "It's not easy to do as far as getting everybody in and out. I think we're pretty much prepared."
Who pays?
Some facets of the new regulations remain unclear.
The law requires defendants to pay a surcharge for DNA collection — $200 for a misdemeanor and $250 for a felony. County clerks of court collect the surcharge and send it to the state. Counties receive $10 from the state for every sample they collect.
DOJ staff did not return calls seeking an explanation for why samples come with two different costs, though the procedures are exactly the same for misdemeanors and felonies.
The law also says defendants must submit a DNA sample only once in their lives, even if they're arrested or convicted of additional charges that require a sample later, because a person's DNA never changes. But the state statute is worded ambiguously and leaves room for interpretation as to how many times the surcharge should be assessed.
Some county clerks say they assess the surcharge only once per case. Other counties collect the surcharge on every count a suspect is ever convicted of.
A suspect convicted of 10 misdemeanor counts in one case, for example, could be charged $200 per count, or $2,000, for one DNA sample — or no sample if they've already submitted one.
DOJ documents do not explain the discrepancy and officials did not return requests seeking comment.
Sari Lesk can be reached at 715-345-2257. Follow her on Twitter as @Sari_Lesk.
Read or Share this story: http://spjour.nl/1bVrCA9
A Kickstarter campaign is aiming to break the stereotype that links masculinity to technology. It helps to bridge the gap between the amount of men and women that are working in engineering.
The 3D printing Kickstarter campaign, which launched yesterday, hopes to teach girls the fundamentals of mechanical engineering software & 3D modeling through interactive jewelry design lessons.
Suz Somersall, Co-Founder and CEO of Kirakira (image: Kirakira)
Kirakira is a company run by UX designer Malena Southworth and Suz Somersall, an industrial designer who studied visual art and architecture at Brown and 3D printing and manufacturing at RISD.
Somersall wrote: “After researching tutorials to teach my students and interns, I realized that most existing classes are very uninspiring and intimidating for girls. Rather than teach girls how to design wrenches, I wanted to teach girls how to 3D model through something that would excite them, and I realized an easy way to do this: through jewelry design.”
They are hoping to raise $30,000 by December 2nd. So far, they received over $3,800 from their campaign on day one.
This money will be used to create 100 new classes to teach the girls. To do this, they have to pay local female mechanical engineering undergrad and grad mentors to create the curriculum as well as female high school students who practice and film each class with guidance from mentors.
The funds will also be used to help build an online academy and e-commerce shop that sells the students designs.
There is already an online foundation with free classes, but the website needs to be developed further to allow for girls to create user accounts, submit their designs, troubleshoot with engineers and order their creations directly from our site.
How Does KIRAKIRA Work?
Students are encouraged to download the free software to begin taking trial lessons and learning AutoDesk, Rhino, and Solidworks. Girls can use aCADemy (CAD – Computer Aided Design), learn fundamentals & commands of various mechanical engineering programs through affordable beginner, intermediate, and advanced classes offered online.
Once they have completed a class, they can submit a .stl file online which Suz Somersall's team will troubleshoot to make sure it's printable. The design is then available to be printed in gold, silver or bronze.
The aim is to use the Kirakira store to curate all the designs submitted. These designs will be sold and every time a piece sells, the student will earn points and funds that will be contributed to your school's STEM program or their college tuition savings.
The girls are encouraged to use this knowledge as a foundation for creating whatever they can imagine, not just jewelry!
Do you think this Kickstarter is a worthwhile idea? How would you inspire more girls to learn engineering?
A humanitarian crisis that could turn into a genocide is taking place right now in the mountains of northwestern Iraq. It hasn't made the front page, because the place and the people are obscure, and there's a lot of other horrible news to compete with. I've learned about it mainly because the crisis has upended the life of someone I wrote about in the magazine several weeks ago.
Last Sunday, Karim woke up around 7:30 A.M., after coming home late the night before. He was about to have breakfast when his phone rang—a friend was calling to see how he was doing. Karim is a Yazidi, a member of an ancient religious minority in Iraq. Ethnically, he's Kurdish. An engineer and a father of three young children, Karim spent years working for the U.S. Army in his area, then for an American medical charity. He's been waiting for months to find out whether the U.S. government will grant him a Special Immigrant Visa because of his service, and because of the danger he currently faces.
Karim is from a small town north of the district center, Sinjar, between Mosul and the Syrian border. Sinjar is a historic Yazidi area with an Arab minority. Depending on who's drawing the map, Sinjar belongs to either the northernmost part of Iraq or the westernmost part of Kurdistan. Since June, when extremist fighters from the Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham captured Mosul, they've been on the outskirts of Sinjar, facing off against a small number of Kurdish peshmerga militiamen. ISIS regards Yazidis as devil worshippers, and its fighters have been executing Yazidi men who won't convert to Islam on the spot, taking away the women as jihadi brides. So there were many reasons why a friend might worry about Karim.
“I don't know,” Karim said. “My situation is O.K.” “No, it's not O.K.!” his friend said. “Sinjar is under the control of ISIS.”
Karim had not yet heard this calamitous news. “I'll call some friends and get back to you,” he said.
But the cell network was jammed, so Karim walked to his father's house. His father told him that thousands of people from Sinjar were headed their way, fleeing north through the mountains to get out of Iraq and into Kurdistan. It suddenly became clear that Karim would have to abandon his home and escape with his family.
ISIS had launched its attack on Sinjar during the night. Peshmerga militiamen were outgunned—their assault rifles against the extremists' captured fifty-caliber guns, rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, anti-aircraft weapons, and armored vehicles. The Kurds began to run out of ammunition, and those who could retreat north toward Kurdistan. By dawn, the extremists were pouring into town. Later, ISIS posted triumphant photos on Twitter: bullet-riddled corpses of peshmerga in the streets and dirt fields; an ISIS fighter aiming his pistol at the heads of five men lying face down on the ground; Arab locals who stayed in Sinjar jubilantly greeting the new occupiers.
Karim had time to do just one thing: burn all the documents that connected him to America—photos of him posing with Army officers, a CD from the medical charity—in case he was stopped on the road by militants or his house was searched. He watched the record of his experience during the period of the Americans in Iraq turn to ash, and felt nothing except the urge to get to safety.
By 9:30 A.M., Karim and his extended family were crowded into his brother's car and his father's pickup truck. They'd had no time to pack, and for the drive through the heat of the desert they took nothing but water, bread, canned milk for Karim's two-year-old son, and their AK-47s. At first, Karim's father refused to go along. A stubborn man, he said, “Let them kill me in my town, but I will never leave it.” Fortunately, the father's paralyzed cousin, who had been left behind by his family, pleaded with him, and at the last minute the two old men joined the exodus. Karim's twenty or so family members were the last to get out of the area by car, and they joined a massive traffic jam headed northwest. Thousands of other Yazidi families had to flee on foot into the mountains: “They couldn't leave. They didn't know how to leave. They waited too long to leave,” Karim said.
Karim drove in a convoy of two hundred and fifty or three hundred cars. They stuck together for safety. The group decided against taking the most direct route to Kurdistan, which would have taken them through the Arab border town of Rabiya. ISIS wasn't the only danger—Yazidi Kurds have come to regard Sunni Arabs generally as a threat. So they drove across the border at an unmarked point into Syria, where Kurdish rebels—who form one side in the complex Syrian civil war—were in control of the area. The rebels waved the convoy on, while Syrian Arab villagers stared or took videos with their mobile phones. A relative of Karim's happened to be a cigarette smuggler and knew the way across the desert once the roads disappeared. (“Everyone and everything has his day,” Karim told me.) The undercarriage of Karim's car began to break off in pieces. They drove for hours through Syria, crossed back into Iraq, and shortly afterward reached a checkpoint into Kurdistan, where the line of cars was so long that they had to wait for hours more. It wasn't until nightfall, nearly twelve hours after they had fled their home, that Karim and his family reached the Kurdish town of Dohuk, where he happened to have a brother who gave them shelter in his small apartment.
“Compared with other people here, I'm in heaven,” Karim said by phone from Dohuk. “Some are in camps for refugees. It's very hot and very hard. We are safe, but thousands of families are in the mountains. Thousands.”
Karim heard that one young man had been executed by ISIS for no reason other than being Yazidi. A friend of Karim's was hiding in the mountains, running low on supplies, and out of battery power in his phone. Another friend, an Arab (“He is not a religion guy, he's open-minded, it doesn't matter if you're Christian or Yazidi,” Karim said), had stayed in Sinjar and was trapped in his home. Now ISIS was going house to house, with information provided by locals, looking for Iraqi soldiers and police, for people with money, for Kurds. They had already taken away the friend's brother, a police officer. No one knows for sure how many people ISIS has killed since the attack on Sinjar. Karim heard that it is many hundreds.
Prince Tahseen Said, “the world leader of the Yazidis,” has issued an appeal to Kurdish, Iraqi, Arab, and European leaders, as well as to Ban Ki-moon and Barack Obama. It reads: “I ask for aid and to lend a hand and help the people of Sinjar areas and its affiliates and villages and complexes which are home to the people of the Yazidi religion. I invite [you] to assume [your] humanitarian and nationalistic responsibilities towards them and help them in their plight and the difficult conditions in which they live today.”
It's hard to know what, if anything, is left of the humanitarian responsibilities of the international community. The age of intervention is over, killed in large part by the Iraq war. But justifiable skepticism about the use of military force seems also to have killed off the impulse to show solidarity with the helpless victims of atrocities in faraway places. There's barely any public awareness of the unfolding disaster in northwestern Iraq, let alone a campaign of international support for the Yazidis—or for the Christians who have been driven out of Mosul or the Sunni Arabs who don't want to live under the tyranny of ISIS. The front-page news continues to be the war in Gaza, a particular Western obsession whether one's views are pro-Israel, pro-Palestinian, pro-peace, or pro-plague-on-both-houses. Nothing that either side has done in that terrible conflict comes close to the routine brutality of ISIS.
Karim couldn't help expressing bitterness about this. “I don't see any attention from the rest of the world,” he said. “In one day, they killed more than two thousand Yazidi in Sinjar, and the whole world says, ‘Save Gaza, save Gaza.' ”
Yesterday, a senior U.S. official told me that the Obama Administration is contemplating an airlift, coördinated with the United Nations, of humanitarian supplies by C-130 transport planes to the Yazidis hiding in the Sinjar mountains. There are at least twenty thousand and perhaps as many as a hundred thousand of them, including some peshmerga militiamen providing a thin cover of protection. The U.N. has reported that dozens of children have died of thirst in the heat. ISIS controls the entrance to the mountains. Iraqi helicopters have dropped some supplies, including food and water, but the refugees are hard to find and hard to reach.
It was encouraging to learn that humanitarian supplies might be on the way, but we always seem to be at least a step behind as ISIS rolls over local forces and consolidates power. ISIS is not Al Qaeda. It operates like an army, taking territory, creating a state. The aim of the Sinjar operation seems to be control of the Mosul Dam, the largest dam in Iraq, which provides electricity to Mosul, Baghdad, and much of the country. According to one expert, if ISIS takes the dam, which is located on the Tigris River, it would have the means to put Mosul under thirty metres of water, and Baghdad under five. Other nearby targets could include the Kurdish cities of Erbil and Dohuk. Karim reported that residents of Dohuk, inundated with refugees, felt not just a sense of responsibility for Sinjar but also alarm, and that they were stocking up on supplies in case of an attack.
One way to protect the innocent and hurt those who are terrorizing them would be for the U.S. to launch air strikes on ISIS positions. That option has been discussed within the administration since the fall of Mosul, in June, but it runs against President Obama's foreign-policy tendencies. “The President's first instinct is, ‘Let's help them to do it,' ” the official told me. “The minute we do something, it changes the game.” This time, unlike in Syria, it isn't hard to figure out how to “help them to do it”: send arms to the Kurds, America's only secular-minded, pluralistic Muslim allies in the region, and the only force in the area with the means and the will to protect thousands of lives. (Dexter Filkins wrote, on Monday, about the possibility of American military aid to the Kurds.) Perhaps the U.S., Europe, and the U.N. can't or won't prevent genocide in northwestern Iraq, but the Kurds can. The fact that the peshmerga were outgunned by ISIS and ran out of ammunition in Sinjar says that we are a step behind on this front, too. According to the Times, Washington has turned down Kurdish requests for American weapons for fear of alienating and undermining Iraq's central government in Baghdad.
It seems delusional to imagine that there is such a thing as an Iraqi central government that should be given priority over stopping ISIS and preventing a massacre. That dream of the American project in Iraq is gone. But perhaps the Obama Administration is being more realistic. Yesterday, I also learned that the U.S. is, in fact, sending arms to the Kurds—just not openly. This was even more welcome news, though it's too bad that the weapons didn't reach the peshmerga in time to defend Sinjar. The U.S. Joint Operation Center in Erbil is helping peshmerga ground troops and the Iraqi air force to coordinate attacks on ISIS, providing intelligence from the sky. It's a breakthrough that the Kurds and the Iraqis are cooperating at all. “For the moment,” the senior official said. “And it could all fall apart, because it's lightning in a bottle.”
The official said that peshmerga forces are organizing to retake Sinjar. Karim heard the same thing in Dohuk, and he said that he wants to be in the first group that returns to his hometown. Meanwhile, he's volunteering with the American medical charity he used to work for, helping other refugees in Dohuk. He told his children that they're on an extended vacation in Kurdistan.
Ashlyn Maine
Ashlyn Maine. (Courtesy photo)
Panoply is an arts festival, so the the performance schedule includes sets from a magician, puppet troupe, various dance ensembles and theatre groups. Music fans already know they need to catch headlining performances from Grammy-winning Southern-folk combo Indigo Girls and harmony-blessed Muscle Shoals duo Secret Sisters. In-the-know locals realize Rocket City blues kings Microwave Dave & The Nukes' traditional festival-closing set is a must-do.
Below are four Panoply music picks that are a little more under-the-radar. But worth a listen.
The 33rd Panoply Arts Festival runs April 24 - 26 downtown at Big Spring International Park. Single-day passes are $10, available via artshuntsville.org and at the gate.
Ashlyn Maine
7-7:30 p.m. April 24
Center Stage
From: Harvest
For fans of: The Civil Wars, Lumineers
Songs include: "Whiskey Like Fire"
Fun fact: Formed their original lineup at a bonfire following the April 2011 tornados
More: ashlynmaine.wordpress.com
Robby Eichman
5-6 p.m. April 25 (filling in for The Dawn Osborne Band, who were previously scheduled)
Valley Jubilee Stage
From: Huntsville
For fans of: Elliot Smith, Art Garfunkel
Songs include: "Wires, Wood and Words"
Fun fact: During a late March show at local brewery Straight to Ale, Eichman played a set comprised entirely of Beatles covers
More: robbyeichman.com
The Wolves of Chernobyl
6:30-7:30 p.m. April 25
Valley Jubilee Stage
From: Huntsville
For fans of: Avett Brothers, The Decemberists
Songs include: "Small Enough to Fit In Your Pocket"
Fun fact: There's a thrash metal band from Canada also named Wolves of Chernobyl
More: facebook.com/wolvesofchernobylband
Bimini Road
5-5:30 p.m. April 26
Center Stage
From: Decatur/Huntsville
For fans of: Grateful Dead, Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young
Songs include: "Straight Downhill"
Fun fact: Singer/primary songwriter Chuck Puckett is also active in community theatre as an actor and playwright
More: bimini-road.com
Breaking up is hard to do. It's especially difficult when neither party has done anything to warrant a split. There's the classically cliched "It's not you it's me" situation, while other times the relationship simply runs its course. Unfortunately for Dayton Moore and his Big Three (Kelvin Herrera, Wade Davis, and Greg Holland), it may soon become a Big One. Nobody did anything wrong, and it would be great if they could all stay together, but the baseball world doesn't operate that way. Successful teams need to maximize value when they have the opportunity, and that means trading away Davis and Holland immediately.
In the regular season, the Royals bullpen had a record of 65-5 when leading after 6 innings and carried that success into the post season, surrendering a lead only once. While the entire bullpen was a part of their overall success, no other combination was as deadly as HDH.
2014 IP K/9 BB/9 HR/9 ERA FIP xFIP SIERA fWAR Kelvin Herrera 70 7.59 3.34 0 1.41 2.69 3.50 3.37 1.4 Wade Davis 72 13.63 2.88 0 1.00 1.19 1.93 1.61 3.1 Greg Holland 62.1 12.99 2.76 0.43 1.44 1.83 2.10 1.77 2.3
Make sure to take notice of the HR/9 column for both Herrera and Davis and appreciate how incredible it was that the Royals had two pitchers combine for 142 innings while not allowing a home run. Obviously some of that is due to their home park and a little luck, but it's also a testament to their dominance and overall value. Although it's unlikely that all three relievers will continue to pitch at that high of a level in 2015, the projections are optimistic that all three will still be strong contributors.
2015 Steamer IP K/9 BB/9 HR/9 WHIP ERA FIP fWAR Kelvin Herrera 55 9.05 2.88 0.63 1.16 2.93 3.10 0.7 Wade Davis 65 10.37 2.71 0.67 1.08 2.48 2.79 1.0 Greg Holland 65 11.63 2.76 0.60 1.02 2.24 2.40 1.3
It's easy to see why Steamer is projecting a big increase in ERA for Herrera. He had a huge difference between his ERA and xFIP, which makes sense due to how the latter is constructed. xFIP relies heavily on expected home runs allowed, which means that for a pitcher who didn't allow any, there'd naturally be a difference between the two statistics regardless of its other factors. On the other hand, both Davis and Holland had fantastic peripherals across the board, resulting in incredible value. While each had noticeable differences between their 2014 ERAs and xFIPs, as well as projected ERAs just as there were for Herrera, it's not as worrying because of their pristine SIERAs.
After absorbing these statistics, it may seem strange to suggest that it's time to break up this trio, but after some questionable moves by the Royals this offseason, that's exactly what needs to be done. With the current roster construction, Fangraphs projects the Royals to win only 81 games in 2015; far too few to make the playoffs. If they looked like a playoff team, then holding on to Davis and Holland would make perfect sense, but having a stellar bullpen on a mediocre team is a bad allocation of resources by a GM. With both pitchers becoming more expensive and ranking 2nd and 6th in terms of fWAR for all relievers during 2014, Moore must think past 2015 and begin restocking as quickly as possible.
Moore has to maximize the most value out of his budget, and that means placing money in the core of Eric Hosmer, Lorenzo Cain, Yordano Ventura, Danny Duffy, Herrera, and Mike Moustakas rather than overspending on relievers. It's this core of six players that will carry the Royals to another championship opportunity. Keeping them together must be the priority.
This offseason, we've seen a sudden obsession with relief pitchers, probably as a direct result of HDH, and the Royals need to take advantage of that fact. With all major relievers off the market, and a plethora of teams still needing help in the bullpen, Moore can create a bidding war due to the fact that teams wouldn't be able to turn to the free agent market and simply spend money rather than prospects.
Relievers don't normally bring back huge pieces like a Trea Turner or Andrew Heaney, but neither Davis nor Holland is what we'd call a normal reliever. Both pitchers are under control for the next few seasons (Holland through 2016 and Davis through 2017), eliminating the worries of giving up prospects for a 1-year rental; and were incredibly valuable, even when compared to the notable players already traded this offseason. Because of these factors, Moore could ask for and expect a greater return on his duo than what relievers have historically brought back.
If Davis and Holland are traded before or during the 2015 season, Moore could place Herrera and his 101 MPH fastball in the 9th inning for the foreseeable future and turn to Brandon Finnegan, Jason Frasor, Luke Hochevar, and Tim Collins to pick up the slack.
2015 Steamer Projections IP K/9 BB/9 HR/9 ERA FIP fWAR Brandon Finnegan 25 8.48 2.64 0.82 3.08 3.42 0.2 Jason Frasor 45 8.19 3.03 0.83 3.46 3.62 0.2 Luke Hocheavar 55 8.44 2.20 0.90 3.10 3.42 0.4 Tim Collins 21 8.73 3.75 0.92 3.51 3.87 0.1
While Finnegan and Collins are projected for only a combined 46 innings, that number is likely low. Finnegan didn't reach the big leagues until September 6th, and Collins spent most of 2014 rehabbing a flexor strain in the minor leagues. New addition Kris Medlen could also be eased back into big league action by starting off in the bullpen before moving into the rotation in 2016. Most teams would have a problem filling 130 IPs, but the Royals are clearly set up better than most to absorb that type of loss.
As GMs like Billy Beane and Andrew Friedman (pre-Dodgers empire) know all too well, rebuilding and constantly adapting is an imperative part of any small-market team. Moore needs to take hold of that idea and capitalize on the value of Davis and Holland. Whether he wants to package them together or individually, the time is now to trade them both. The Royals outfield is in dire need of help in the coming seasons (Alex Rios is a mere stopgap and Alex Gordon could be gone after 2016). Other than Ventura, their starting pitching is weak. As next season begins to look more and more like a disappointing follow up to their surprising AL Championship season, the Royals can't afford to stand pat. Unfortunately for Kansas City, that means splitting up the Big Three.
. . .
All statistics courtesy of FanGraphs, MLB Trade Rumors and Baseball-Reference.
Matt Goldman is a Contributor for Beyond the Box Score. You can follow him on Twitter at @TheOriginalBull.
Assauer, a man lionised for his huge Bundesliga career on the field with teams such as Borussia Dortmund and and later than manager of Schalke 04, a cigar permanently clamped between his teeth and an attractive woman on his arm, describes the fears he is facing in his autobiography released on Thursday.
“If there was one thing in the world, if there was one thing in my life that I was always afraid of, which really gave me the shits, to speak in good German, then it was Alzheimer's. Just not this. Just not to go demented in old age; that was often whirring around in my head,” he told Patrick Strasser, co-author of the book titled: “Substituted – fading memories of my life.”
The 67-year-old's mother suffered from Alzheimer's before she died, while Assauer's 80-year-old brother is so badly affected by the disease that he lives in a home. His second marriage, which only began last April, could not survive his disease, and he now lives with his daughter.
“Nothing is worse”
“There are walking aides, artificial knees, new hip joints, others are alive thanks to a pacemaker but the head, the brain. Nothing is worse,” he wrote.
Assauer's decision to go public with the announcement that he has Alzheimer's came two years after he started treatment, and after he had experienced some symptoms as far back as 2004 and 2005, while he was still manager for Bundesliga club Schalke 04, Stern news magazine reported this week.
Inaccurate rumours that he was an alcoholic had also contributed to his decision to disclose his Alzheimer's status.
Hans-Jürgen Freter, from the German Alzheimer's Society, said Assauer was showing a great deal of courage in the way he was dealing with his disease – and that in going public, he could help to remove the taboo surrounding the disease.
"It is important that we talk about this openly, and Mr Assauer having 'outed' himself like this could contribute to society doing this,” Freter told The Local.
“His case also shows that this disease can hit anyone, and is something about which we cannot do anything. In this case it has hit someone who was successful in many aspects of his life, who lived well, certainly enjoyed his life to the full, and who was physically fit.
Encouraged by his example
"People should be encouraged by his example to be open about this disease, to see they do not have to hide it but can tell people and ask for help and understanding. It is a good idea, for example, to tell the people in the shop next door or in the supermarket, so they can understand what is behind any odd behaviour."
He said the Alzheimer's Society was working with a number of communities to make them more friendly to dementia sufferers. This involved training and awareness workshops with the police, fire brigades and even local shop staff so they were ready to recognise signs of dementia and show people understanding - rather than assume that strange behaviour is due to drink, for example.
He said for those affected, getting an initial diagnosis was crucial - particularly as some of the classic signs of Alzheimer's or dementia could be similar to other, much more simple problems such as thyroid deficiency. And although the disease cannot be cured, it can be treated with drugs, which can in some cases hold back the development of dementia for up to a year.
"That may not seem like a long time, but it is a gain in time and quality of life," said Freter.
The relatives or partners of people with dementia also need increasing levels of support, both emotional and practical, as their loved-ones become less able to take care of themselves. Freter said two-thirds of people with dementia in Germany were being cared for by relatives at home.
Support for families
"The problems are mostly to do with looking out for them - it can be a little like looking after children, although these are people with 80 years or so life experience so they should not be treated like children. This also means though, that they develop the physical difficulties that come with age, on top of their dementia."
He said there was an array of support options in Germany, for those affected by the disease and their families. A network of Alzheimer's associations like the Berlin-based one he works for, covers the country, and can offer advice and support.
There are currently around 1.2 million people living in Germany with dementia - two thirds of which have Alzheimer's Disease. It is expected that the increase in life expectancy and the number of older people in Germany will lead to around 2.6 million people living with dementia in Germany in 2050, assuming there is no medical breakthrough in prevention or cure.
The German Alzheimer's Society has a national hotline on the phone number: 01803 171017. It costs nine cents a minute and has basic information in English.
Footage from a surveillance video that was released by Huffington Post shows one of the officers reaching his hand toward the dog after it exits the house. Burberry then runs up to the other officer, who starts backing away. Within seconds, as Burberry follows him, the officer draws his firearm and then, off-screen, shoots the dog in the head.
The forceful knocking woke Anderson up and excited his 6-year-old pit bull named Burberry, which started barking. When he came to the door, Anderson informed the officers that they had the wrong house. Burberry had meanwhile stopped barking and slipped out the door.
Two officers with the San Diego Police Department were responding to a domestic disturbance call early Sunday morning when they knocked on 24-year-old Ian Anderson's door regarding a domestic disturbance call in the area.
A California man is devastated after police fatally shot his service dog outside of his home.
Read more
VICE News is closely watching policing in America. Check out the Officer Involved blog here.
A California man is devastated after police fatally shot his service dog outside of his home.
Two officers with the San Diego Police Department were responding to a domestic disturbance call early Sunday morning when they knocked on 24-year-old Ian Anderson's door regarding a domestic disturbance call in the area.
The forceful knocking woke Anderson up and excited his 6-year-old pit bull named Burberry, which started barking. When he came to the door, Anderson informed the officers that they had the wrong house. Burberry had meanwhile stopped barking and slipped out the door.
Footage from a surveillance video that was released by Huffington Post shows one of the officers reaching his hand toward the dog after it exits the house. Burberry then runs up to the other officer, who starts backing away. Within seconds, as Burberry follows him, the officer draws his firearm and then, off-screen, shoots the dog in the head.
"[The officer] jumped back, went this way, drew his weapon," Anderson told NBC San Diego. "Boom. Shot right in the head and he was done. He was dead."
"He never hurt anyone in the world, and you shot my dog!" Anderson cries in a videotaken by Anderson's friend right after the shooting. It shows the officer who shot Burberry identify himself as Officer Bennett and refuse to answer why he shot the dog. He tells the weeping Anderson to wait for until a supervisor arrives.
"The officers made several requests for the owner to restrain the dog so they could speak with him regarding the possible domestic violence incident," SDPD Lt. Scott Wahl later said to the press. "As a last resort, the officer used lethal force to protect himself from being bitten."
"We understand the depth of emotion involved in this situation," Wahl continued. "The preservation of life is our top priority and this includes the lives of animals. As this is being investigated as an officer-involved shooting, a thorough investigation is under way to ensure proper procedures were followed."
Burberry helped Anderson cope with the death of his father when he was in high school, and aided his management of anxiety and depression. The registered service dog also assisted children with Down syndrome.
Anderson told reporters that he wants to hold the officer who shot his dog accountable. While the SDPD's investigation is underway, Anderson is asking people to sign a petition that calls for the police force to receive guidance similar to that mandated by the Colorado Dog Protection Act, which requires police in the state to undergo training to avoid the shooting of dogs.
A Facebook page for the pit bull titled "Justice for Burberry" has also been set up, receiving more than 10,000 likes.
"He was the best dog in the entire world," a tearful Anderson told NBC. "I would do anything to have him back right now. Absolutely anything."
Editor's note: The SFPD have noted that the officers involved were directed to Anderson's house by the reporting party, and that they believed they had the right address. As noted in the article, Anderson was asleep when the officers knocked on his door, and he informed them that they had the wrong house because no domestic violence was occurring within his residence.
Standing up for science excites some intellectuals the way beautiful actresses arouse Warren Beatty, or career liberals boil the blood of Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh. It's visceral. The thinker of this ilk looks in the mirror and sees Galileo bravely muttering "Eppure si muove!" ("And yet, it moves!") while Vatican guards drag him away. Sometimes the hero in the reflection is Voltaire sticking it to the clerics, or Darwin triumphing against both Church and Church-going wife. A brave champion of beleaguered science in the modern age of pseudoscience, this Ayn Rand protagonist sarcastically derides the benighted irrationalists and glows with a self-anointed superiority. Who wouldn't want to feel that sense of power and rightness?
You hear the voice regularly—along with far more sensible stuff—in the latest of a now common genre of science patriotism, Nonsense on Stilts: How to Tell Science From Bunk (University of Chicago Press), by Massimo Pigliucci, a philosophy professor at the City University of New York. Like such not-so-distant books as Idiot America, by Charles P. Pierce (Doubleday, 2009), The Age of American Unreason, by Susan Jacoby (Pantheon, 2008), and Denialism, by Michael Specter (Penguin Press, 2009), it mixes eminent common sense and frequent good reporting with a cocksure hubris utterly inappropriate to the practice it apotheosizes.
According to Pigliucci, both Freudian psychoanalysis and Marxist theory of history "are too broad, too flexible with regard to observations, to actually tell us anything interesting." (That's right—not one "interesting" thing.) The idea of intelligent design in biology "has made no progress since its last serious articulation by natural theologian William Paley in 1802," and the empirical evidence for evolution is like that for "an open-and-shut murder case."
Pigliucci offers more hero sandwiches spiced with derision and certainty. Media coverage of science is "characterized by allegedly serious journalists who behave like comedians." Commenting on the highly publicized Dover, Pa., court case in which U.S. District Judge John E. Jones III ruled that intelligent-design theory is not science, Pigliucci labels the need for that judgment a "bizarre" consequence of the local school board's "inane" resolution. Noting the complaint of intelligent-design advocate William Buckingham that an approved science textbook didn't give creationism a fair shake, Pigliucci writes, "This is like complaining that a textbook in astronomy is too focused on the Copernican theory of the structure of the solar system and unfairly neglects the possibility that the Flying Spaghetti Monster is really pulling each planet's strings, unseen by the deluded scientists."
Is it really? Or is it possible that the alternate view unfairly neglected could be more like that of Harvard scientist Owen Gingerich, who contends in God's Universe (Harvard University Press, 2006) that it is partly statistical arguments—the extraordinary unlikelihood eons ago of the physical conditions necessary for self-conscious life—that support his belief in a universe "congenially designed for the existence of intelligent, self-reflective life"? Even if we agree that capital "I" and "D" intelligent-design of the scriptural sort—what Gingerich himself calls "primitive scriptural literalism"—is not scientifically credible, does that make Gingerich's assertion, "I believe in intelligent design, lowercase i and lowercase d," equivalent to Flying-Spaghetti-Monsterism?
Tone matters. And sarcasm is not science.
The problem with polemicists like Pigliucci is that a chasm has opened up between two groups that might loosely be distinguished as "philosophers of science" and "science warriors." Philosophers of science, often operating under the aegis of Thomas Kuhn, recognize that science is a diverse, social enterprise that has changed over time, developed different methodologies in different subsciences, and often advanced by taking putative pseudoscience seriously, as in debunking cold fusion. The science warriors, by contrast, often write as if our science of the moment is isomorphic with knowledge of an objective world-in-itself—Kant be damned!—and any form of inquiry that doesn't fit the writer's criteria of proper science must be banished as "bunk." Pigliucci, typically, hasn't much sympathy for radical philosophies of science. He calls the work of Paul Feyerabend "lunacy," deems Bruno Latour "a fool," and observes that "the great pronouncements of feminist science have fallen as flat as the similarly empty utterances of supporters of intelligent design."
It doesn't have to be this way. The noble enterprise of submitting nonscientific knowledge claims to critical scrutiny—an activity continuous with both philosophy and science—took off in an admirable way in the late 20th century when Paul Kurtz, of the University at Buffalo, established the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal (Csicop) in May 1976. Csicop soon after launched the marvelous journal Skeptical Inquirer, edited for more than 30 years by Kendrick Frazier.
Although Pigliucci himself publishes in Skeptical Inquirer, his contributions there exhibit his signature smugness. For an antidote to Pigliucci's overweening scientism 'tude, it's refreshing to consult Kurtz's curtain-raising essay, "Science and the Public," in Science Under Siege (Prometheus Books, 2009, edited by Frazier), which gathers 30 years of the best of Skeptical Inquirer.
Kurtz's commandment might be stated, "Don't mock or ridicule—investigate and explain." He writes: "We attempted to make it clear that we were interested in fair and impartial inquiry, that we were not dogmatic or closed-minded, and that skepticism did not imply a priori rejection of any reasonable claim. Indeed, I insisted that our skepticism was not totalistic or nihilistic about paranormal claims."
Advertisement
Kurtz combines the ethos of both critical investigator and philosopher of science. Describing modern science as a practice in which "hypotheses and theories are based upon rigorous methods of empirical investigation, experimental confirmation, and replication," he notes: "One must be prepared to overthrow an entire theoretical framework—and this has happened often in the history of science ... skeptical doubt is an integral part of the method of science, and scientists should be prepared to question received scientific doctrines and reject them in the light of new evidence."
Considering the dodgy matters Skeptical Inquirer specializes in, Kurtz's methodological fairness looks even more impressive. Here's part of his own wonderful, detailed list: "Psychic claims and predictions; parapsychology (psi, ESP, clairvoyance, telepathy, precognition, psychokinesis); UFO visitations and abductions by extraterrestrials (Roswell, cattle mutilations, crop circles); monsters of the deep (the Loch Ness monster) and of the forests and mountains (Sasquatch, or Bigfoot); mysteries of the oceans (the Bermuda Triangle, Atlantis); cryptozoology (the search for unknown species); ghosts, apparitions, and haunted houses (the Amityville horror); astrology and horoscopes (Jeanne Dixon, the "Mars effect," the "Jupiter effect"); spoon bending (Uri Geller). ... "
Even when investigating miracles, Kurtz explains, Csicop's intrepid senior researcher Joe Nickell "refuses to declare a priori that any miracle claim is false." Instead, he conducts "an on-site inquest into the facts surrounding the case." That is, instead of declaring, "Nonsense on stilts!" he gets cracking.
Pigliucci, alas, allows his animus against the nonscientific to pull him away from sensitive distinctions among various sciences to sloppy arguments one didn't see in such earlier works of science patriotism as Carl Sagan's The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (Random House, 1995). Indeed, he probably sets a world record for misuse of the word "fallacy."
To his credit, Pigliucci at times acknowledges the nondogmatic spine of science. He concedes that "science is characterized by a fuzzy borderline with other types of inquiry that may or may not one day become sciences." Science, he admits, "actually refers to a rather heterogeneous family of activities, not to a single and universal method." He rightly warns that some pseudoscience—for example, denial of HIV-AIDS causation—is dangerous and terrible.
But at other points, Pigliucci ferociously attacks opponents like the most unreflective science fanatic, as if he belongs to some Tea Party offshoot of the Royal Society. He dismisses Feyerabend's view that "science is a religion" as simply "preposterous," even though he elsewhere admits that "methodological naturalism"—the commitment of all scientists to reject "supernatural" explanations—is itself not an empirically verifiable principle or fact, but rather an almost Kantian precondition of scientific knowledge. An article of faith, some cold-eyed Feyerabend fans might say.
In an even greater disservice, Pigliucci repeatedly suggests that intelligent-design thinkers must want "supernatural explanations reintroduced into science," when that's not logically required. He writes, "ID is not a scientific theory at all because there is no empirical observation that can possibly contradict it. Anything we observe in nature could, in principle, be attributed to an unspecified intelligent designer who works in mysterious ways." But earlier in the book, he correctly argues against Karl Popper that susceptibility to falsification cannot be the sole criterion of science, because science also confirms. It is, in principle, possible that an empirical observation could confirm intelligent design—i.e., that magic moment when the ultimate UFO lands with representatives of the intergalactic society that planted early life here, and we accept their evidence that they did it. The point is not that this is remotely likely. It's that the possibility is not irrational, just as provocative science fiction is not irrational.
Pigliucci similarly derides religious explanations on logical grounds when he should be content with rejecting such explanations as unproven. "As long as we do not venture to make hypotheses about whom the designer is and why and how she operates," he writes, "there are no empirical constraints on the 'theory' at all. Anything goes, and therefore nothing holds, because a theory that 'explains' everything really explains nothing."
Here, Pigliucci again mixes up what's likely or provable with what's logically possible or rational. The creation stories of traditional religions and scriptures do, in effect, offer hypotheses, or claims, about whom the designer is—e.g., see the Bible. And believers sometimes put forth the existence of scriptures (think of them as "reports") and a centuries-long chain of believers in them as a form of empirical evidence. Far from explaining nothing because it explains everything, such an explanation explains a lot by explaining everything. It just doesn't explain it convincingly to a scientist with other evidentiary standards.
A sensible person can side with scientists on what's true, but not with Pigliucci on what's rational and possible. Pigliucci occasionally recognizes that. Late in his book, he concedes that "nonscientific claims may be true and still not qualify as science." But if that's so, and we care about truth, why exalt science to the degree he does? If there's really a heaven, and science can't (yet?) detect it, so much the worse for science.
As an epigram to his chapter titled "From Superstition to Natural Philosophy," Pigliucci quotes a line from Aristotle: "It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it." Science warriors such as Pigliucci, or Michael Ruse in his recent clash with other philosophers in these pages, should reflect on a related modern sense of "entertain." One does not entertain a guest by mocking, deriding, and abusing the guest. Similarly, one does not entertain a thought or approach to knowledge by ridiculing it.
Long live Skeptical Inquirer! But can we deep-six the egomania and unearned arrogance of the science patriots? As Descartes, that immortal hero of scientists and skeptics everywhere, pointed out, true skepticism, like true charity, begins at home.
The Sheraton Centre hotel will not host a Muslim religious conference that was to feature speakers who have expressed anti-gay and anti-Semitic views.
The Star informed a Sheraton convention services manager about the speakers on Wednesday. On Thursday, after the Star published an article on the conference, a hotel spokesperson said it had been “cancelled due to the organization's failure to satisfy a contractual requirement.”
The conference, which had been scheduled for Oct. 23, was organized by the Islamic Education and Research Academy (IERA), a British organization seeking to establish a Canadian presence. The IERA's local public relations officer could not be reached Thursday evening.
In a statement, the IERA said it “unequivocally rejects” the Star's article as “false and misleading.” It also issued an “action alert” urging supporters to “complain about this unfair action.”
“The aim of the upcoming conference, far from promoting hatred, will focus on getting Muslims to pro-actively engage with the wider society by sharing the true essence of the Islamic faith in both word and deed,” the IERA said.
NEW DELHI: The late PM Rajiv Gandhi's and Congress president Sonia Gandhi's daughter Priyanka Gandhi Vadra proved to be a tough negotiator 14 years ago, getting the Vajpayee government to pare down the monthly rent to her sprawling 2,765.18 sqm house in Lutyens' Delhi from Rs 53,421 to a mere Rs 8,888. She said it was "beyond her capacity to pay the high amount".At present, Priyanka pays Rs 31,300 for her type VI government accommodation at 35, Lodhi Estate. She and three other "private citizens", including former Punjab DGP KPS Gill, All India Anti-Terrorist Front chief M S Bitta and Punjab Kesari editor Ashwani Kumar, were provided accommodation by the government on security grounds. Gill and Bitta are believed to be paying around the same amount as Priyanka while Kumar vacated his house in 2012.Priyanka wrote to the government in May 7, 2002 that Rs 53,421 was "too high" an amount and "beyond her paying capacity". She informed the government that she had been "occupying the bungalow on the request of the SPG and that a large part of the bungalow was occupied by SPG itself" and not by her family. She said she was staying in a general pool house not out of choice or voluntarily but because of security considerations. She requested that she may "continue to pay rent at the earlier rate of Rs 28,451 per month, instead of the increased rate of Rs 53,421 per month", according to file notings from the ministry of urban development's directorate of estates. Other protectees also raised similar concerns.In fact, the four people continued to pay the old rate despite the increase in rent, with Priyanka notching up outstanding dues of Rs 3.76 lakh up to January 31, 2004.The note for the Cabinet Committee on Accommodation on July 8, 2003 - accessed under RTI by Noida resident Dev Ashish Bhattacharya - reasoned that "the matter has been reviewed keeping in view the facts that security protectees are not unauthorised occupants and allotments have been made to them as per policy of the government. It has been felt that the security protectees, including SPG protectees, may be charged special licence fee in respect of the government accommodation provided to them as they are private persons and they cannot afford to pay the market rates of licence fees".The special licence fee was revised to Rs 8,888 per month from July 24, 2003, for Priyanka, and the rent for other protectees also brought down. In case of Gill, it was brought down from Rs 60,741 to Rs 10,715, for Bitta from Rs 55,536 to Rs 10,203, and for Kumar from Rs 50,311 to Rs 8,555.The house was allotted to Priyanka, a private citizen, on the recommendations of the SPG, cabinet secretariat and the home ministry in 1997.The directorate of estates said 35, Lodhi Estate was allotted on February 21, 1997, on payment of market rent of Rs 19,900 per month. The rent has since been revised periodically. The directorate of estates said the market rent for the property is Rs 81,865 per month. To put this in perspective, a house one-tenth the size of Priyanka's bungalow in the tony Jor Bagh commands a monthly rent of Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 4 lakh at present. There are no houses of this size available in the heart of Delhi for private citizens.
Commercial trade between the United States and Mexico is very important for both nations.
Just in January 2016, the United States exported $18 billion in goods to Mexico.
An estimated one million American citizens live in Mexico.
In 2013, over 20 million U.S. tourists visited Mexico and over 14 million Mexican tourists visited the U.S., spending about $10.5 billion.
For three years, I had the wonderful opportunity to experience what it is to live in Monterrey, Mexico and learned several important financial lessons that I apply here in the United States. Here are the seven lessons about money that I learned after living in Mexico.
1. Invest in a College Degree
Founding Father Ben Franklin said it best: "An investment in knowledge pays the best interest."
My bachelor's degree allowed me to land a teaching job at Prepa Tec, the high school system of the Tecnologico de Monterrey university system, which included a fully-funded sponsorship to complete a master's degree in Education. I was able to complete a postgraduate degree with zero debt and boost my future earnings potential.
Given that the Millennial generation is much more interested in traveling abroad than older generations, I would advise my peers to invest in a college degree to combine a passion for travel with the opportunity to earn money. (See also: The 3 Best Jobs for Expats and Travelers)
It's worth mentioning that having at least a bachelor's degree increases your lifetime earnings by $1 million over those from folks with just a high school diploma, and increases your chances of better health, too.
2. Keep an Eye on Other Currencies
While living in Mexico, I had to keep a close watch on the U.S. dollar-Mexican peso exchange rate for several reasons. For one, I still had a checking account back in the U.S. and crossed the border several times for shopping and tourism. After a couple months of tracking this number, I learned how to simultaneously buy and sell currencies in order to profit from a difference in the price (also known as "arbitrage").
By keeping an eye on foreign currencies, you may be able to take advantage of many financial opportunities. For example, for the past two years, the U.S. dollar has appreciated against several currencies, including the Brazilian real, the Chilean peso, and the euro, making your foreign vacation plans much more affordable.
3. Review Your Employer's Benefits Package
Working for an educational institution may not sound as sexy as working for a hot startup. However, in my case, it offered me comparable benefits and perks. Established in 1943, the Tecnologico de Monterrey has over 30 campuses in Mexico and 13 campuses abroad. The size of this institution allows it to broker great deals for its employees, including layaway programs, discounts at retailers, and financial services at better rates. I had access to all gyms in the six campuses in Monterrey and was able to purchase a laptop at a discounted price through an automatic payroll deduction program.
Don't underestimate the ability of your employer to provide you better benefits and take a second look at what you're currently being offered. For example, your employer may provide you an online portal for discounted goods and services, such as electronics and travel options or individual investment advice offered on a one-on-one basis through your retirement plan. Particularly, take ownership of your retirement planning because nearly half of 401K plan owners don't know what their best investment options are.
4. Check the Fine Print on All Your Contracts
A credit card agreement, cell phone plan, or other type of contract can go further than you think. While living in Monterrey, I met several U.S. expats that would still use the same credit cards, cell phone plans, or insurance plans from across the border for several reasons. Here are some examples:
Certain credit cards charge no foreign transaction fees.
Other credit cards offer free extended warranties.
Most monthly AT&T Go-Phone plans include unlimited text messaging from the U.S. to over 100 countries.
Most primary auto insurance policies cover your rental vehicle up to the limits of your policy.
What's not covered through your primary car insurance, such as deductibles and loss-of-use charges, may be picked up through the secondary coverage of your credit card.
5. File Your Taxes When Living Abroad
If you were to choose to live in Mexico for three years like I did, your entire family would miss you a lot, particularly your good ol' Uncle Sam. He'd miss you so much that he'd ask you to still check in with him every year. Yes, all U.S. citizens and green card holders are still liable to file their federal tax returns, even when abroad.
Your worldwide income is subject to U.S. income tax, regardless of where you reside. The good news is that the IRS grants U.S. citizens and resident aliens living outside of the United States and Puerto Rico an automatic two-month extension to file their return (June 18th in 2016). The bad news is that you would still pay interest on any tax not paid by the regular due date of your return (April 18th in 2016). (See also: Filed an Extension? Here's What You Need to Know)
Because many countries have tax treaties with the U.S., research for applicable treaties, including tax exemptions for certain professions.
6. Make Your Air Miles Go the Extra Mile
Before I moved to Mexico, I had accumulated a lot of reward miles — but I had been unable to use them, because of various restrictions and confusing terms. So frustrating!
In Mexico, the process was a lot simpler, and I soon realized how much further I could travel with my existing air miles within Mexico and to South America. I was able to score a trip from Monterrey, Mexico to Guayaquil, Ecuador (roughly the same distance as a flight from New York to Seattle) for far fewer points for an equivalent trip within the U.S. (See also: 12 Travel Perks You Didn't Know Your Credit Card Had)
And there's more. You can also redeem frequent flier miles for additional items, including car rentals, hotel stays, magazine subscriptions, and VIP experiences.
7. Seek Additional Sources of Income
Before living in Mexico, I had a very traditional view on work: You only have one full-time job. Through my work at Prepa Tec I quickly discovered that lots more opportunities were available to me:
My native proficiency in Spanish allowed me to translate a couple of course materials at the college level to English;
My presentation skills enabled me to become an instructor for a graduate level admissions exam; and
My computer skills turned out to be great assets to create music sequences for an electro pop band!
While it may be counterintuitive, people with higher levels of education are more likely to have multiple jobs than those without. For those who aren't able to get a raise, or got the average 3% salary bump, or are looking to boost their budget or savings, secondary sources of income are a good idea. With the rise of the gig economy, there are many ways to make money online that are absolutely legit, including driving your car for Uber or Lyft or becoming a virtual assistant for Zirtual or Fancy Hands.
What money lessons did you learn after living abroad?
Like this post? Pin it!
The Memphis Grizzlies now have taken their biggest hit yet this season with star guard Mike Conley the latest to land on the injury list.
The Grizzlies announced Tuesday that Conley will miss at least six weeks after being diagnosed with fractures of the transverse process bones in the vertebrae of his lower back. Conley will be re-evaluated in four weeks.
The guard signed a five-year, $153 million contract in July to stay with the Grizzlies.
Conley was hurt Monday night during the third quarter of a 104-85 loss to Charlotte after taking a charge from Michael Kidd-Gilchrist. He went down hard on his back and stayed on the floor in obvious pain before leaving the game. He did not return.
He is Memphis' leading scorer. He is averaging 19.2 points and 5.7 assists and has helped the Grizzlies to an 11-7 start putting them fifth in the Western Conference. Memphis plays at Toronto on Wednesday night.
Memphis also announced that Vince Carter strained his right hip flexor in the game against Charlotte. Carter left early in the fourth quarter and didn't return. He travelled with the Grizzlies to Toronto and is questionable for Wednesday night's game.
This is the franchise that set an NBA record using 28 players last season as injuries piled up, causing the Grizzlies to limp into the post-season as the No. 7 seed in the West before being swept by San Antonio. First-year coach David Fizdale has been busy mixing and matching lineups with a variety of injuries already this season.
The Grizzlies already had been playing without their top free agent signee this off-season with Chandler Parsons, who Memphis announced Nov. 20 would miss at least two weeks with a bone bruise in his left knee. Parsons, signed to a $94 million contract in July, has played only six games for Memphis and is averaging 7.7 points in those games.
Forward Brandan Wright had arthroscopic ankle surgery Nov. 15 to clean up his left ankle with no timetable for his return. He played only 12 games last season in his first with Memphis, and he hadn't played in a game since Oct. 6 in the preseason.
Zach Randolph hasn't played since his mother died on Thanksgiving Day, and is on personal leave. Forward James Ennis has not played since straining a calf muscle Nov. 21 in a win at Charlotte.
___
AP Basketball Writer Jon Krawczynski contributed to this report.
CAIRO — The public prosecutor on Monday ordered the arrest of five anti-Islamist political activists on charges of using social media to incite violence against the Muslim Brotherhood. The order stirred accusations of a vendetta by the group's close ally, President Mohamed Morsi.
Egyptians are already on guard against the possibility that their first freely elected president may seek to become a new autocrat, and some said they feared that the arrest warrants might be the first clear example that Mr. Morsi's government was using law enforcement as a political tool to punish his critics.
A search of the online comments by several defendants found no messages urging others to violence. Some, in fact, argued strongly against it.
But the arrests arose out of an attack by anti-Islamist activists on the Muslim Brotherhood's headquarters in Cairo on Friday night. As many as a thousand of the group's opponents arrived armed with sticks, knives and at least a few guns, and they seemed intent on burning down the headquarters.
The Hellenic Air Force (HAF) has retired the A-7 Corsair II from active service with a ceremony at Araxos airbase.
On Oct. 17, the Hellenic Air Force organized a ceremony to celebrate the retirement of the last A-7 Corsair flying with 116 Combat Wing (116 PM) jets at Araxos airbase after 39 years of active service.
The event included static displays of A-7 and F-16 aircraft, a photography exhibition, flights and aircraft transits and demonstrations by the Air Demonstration Teams “Zeus” with an F-16 and “Daedalus” with a T-6A aircraft.
Along with the last A-7s aircraft in the typical exotic camouflaged color scheme, a retired Corsair in a celebratory livery was unveiled during the ceremony at Araxos airbase.
As a consequence of the retirement of the last A-7 light attack planes, the HAF operates now 157 F-16s, 44 Mirage 2000 and 45 R/F-4Es.
During the Araxos spotters day, there was the opportunity to observe the local F-16s involved in their usual training activity.
Photographer Daniele Faccioli attended the event at Araxos and took the images in this post.
H/T e-Amyna for providing additional information used in this article. Image credit: Daniele Faccioli
Related articles
As the last day of the trip arrived on Tuesday morning, Mrs. Clinton reflected briefly. “It's been great,” she told reporters who stopped her in a hotel before heading out to summit meetings. “It's been bittersweet, nostalgic, all the things you would expect.”
Mr. Obama, too, has seemed to focus on the journey's nature of finality, making a point of praising Mrs. Clinton publicly as they have jetted across Southeast Asia. They met up in Thailand and then traveled together on Monday to Myanmar and finally here to Cambodia. Along the way, they teamed up to meet with premiers and potentates, tour an ancient golden pagoda and chat with a Buddhist monk about budget deficits and maybe even presidential politics.
On the porch of the house of Myanmar's opposition leader, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, Mr. Obama gave Mrs. Clinton a shout-out.
Photo
“Where did Hillary go?” he suddenly asked as he interrupted his remarks about Myanmar's transition from military rule. “Where is she?”
She caught his attention from the audience. “There she is,” he said to applause.
“I could not be more grateful,” he went on, “not only for your service, Hillary, but also for the powerful message that you and Aung San Suu Kyi send about the importance of women — and men — everywhere embracing and promoting democratic values and human rights.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mrs. Clinton, as is her style, has kept publicly quiet during the trip, leaving the president the stage while she has largely remained behind the scenes or in the audience. When the two arrived at Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi's house, she hung back while Mr. Obama emerged from the limousine to be greeted.
And yet at times, her deeper experience in remote places around the world like this is palpable. After Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi shook Mr. Obama's hand and began to draw him inside the house, she abruptly stopped as if remembering, turned around to look for Mrs. Clinton and then rushed over to give her a warm embrace. While Mrs. Clinton was seen as an old friend, Mr. Obama later appeared to mispronounce Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi's name; she flinched but later hugged him.
Likewise, when Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton paid a courtesy call on the hospitalized King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand, the secretary held back while the president advanced. “Your Majesty,” Mr. Obama said as he grasped the king's hand. “It's a great honor.”
Video
Only then did Mrs. Clinton approach, but again with much greater familiarity. “Hello again,” she said. “It's so good to see you again. And my husband sends you his very best regards.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The king handed Mr. Obama some gifts, including a red box. “This is beautiful,” the president responded looking at something inside that could not be seen by reporters. “Thank you so much. This is lovely.”
An American woman next to Mrs. Clinton indicated that the gift was for Michelle Obama.
“Oh, thank you,” Mr. Obama said. “Michelle, my wife,” would “appreciate it.”
“She'll look very good in that color, Mr. President,” Mrs. Clinton offered.
Thick in the air, if largely unspoken, was the question of Mrs. Clinton's future. When the president and secretary went to the Wat Pho Royal Monastery in Bangkok to look at the famed Reclining Buddha, a monk told Mr. Obama that the statue was a symbol of success and would bring him a third term were he allowed to run. The Thai newspaper The Nation reported that the president pointed to Mrs. Clinton and said she would be the next president. Aides to both denied that, suggesting that the monk, not the president, may have forecast Mrs. Clinton's future.
Either way, as the end drew near, the past and future were on the minds of both. Mr. Obama took Mrs. Clinton and her entourage to lunch at the United States Embassy in Yangon, Myanmar, on Monday to thank them for their work.
Then during the Air Force One flight to Phnom Penh that night, an official said, the two huddled alone for an hour, reminiscing about the last four years — and talking about what the next may bring.
Today a group of 29 leading libertarian and conservative advocates of constitutional originalism signed their names to a statement titled "Originalists Against Trump." It begins, "We, the undersigned lawyers and scholars, are committed to the original meaning of the Constitution of the United States. We write to oppose the election of Donald Trump."
There are some impressive names on this list. Among them are Northwestern law professor Steven Calabresi, one of the original founders of the Federalist Society; Case Western Reserve law professor Jonathan Adler, one of the intellectual architects behind the 2015 Obamacare legal challenge in King v. Burwell; and New York University law professor Richard Epstein, author of the highly influential 1985 book Takings: Private Property and the Power of Eminent Domain.
Why do they oppose Trump? Here's what they have to say:
Trump's long record of statements and conduct, in his campaign and in his business career, have shown him indifferent or hostile to the Constitution's basic features—including a government of limited powers, an independent judiciary, religious liberty, freedom of speech, and due process of law.
But what about the Supreme Court?
We also understand the argument that Trump will nominate qualified judicial candidates who will themselves be committed to the Constitution and the rule of law. Notwithstanding those he has already named, we do not trust him to do so. More importantly, we do not trust him to respect constitutional limits in the rest of his conduct in office, of which judicial nominations are only one part.
But what about Hillary Clinton?
We are under no illusions about the choices posed by this election—or about whether Hillary Clinton, were she elected, would be any friend to originalism. Yet our country's commitment to its Constitution is not so fragile that it can be undone by a single administration or a single court. Originalism has faced setbacks before; it has recovered. Whoever wins in November, it will do so again. Originalism is a commitment to the Constitution, not to any one political party. And not every person who professes support for originalism is therefore prepared to be President. We happen to see Trump as uniquely unsuited to the office, and we will not be voting for him.
Read the complete statement here.
There is one name that I was surprised to find missing from the "Originalists Against Trump" list. That's the name of Alan Gura. Gura is perhaps the single most influential originalist lawyer at work in America today. In 2008 Gura argued and won District of Columbia v. Heller, the landmark Supreme Court case in which the Second Amendment was recognized as an individual right. Two years later, Gura argued and won McDonald v. City of Chicago, the landmark Supreme Court case in which the Second Amendment was applied against the states via the 14th Amendment. And, to say the least, Gura is no fan of Trump. Here's a snippet of what Gura recently told me about whether or not SCOTUS is a good reason to support the GOP candidate:
Donald Trump has effectively identified the horrific prospect of Hillary Clinton appointing at least one and perhaps several Supreme Court justices, to say nothing of the lower courts. But shall we entrust that task to an insecure lunatic, a fascist caudillo, an autarkist, a proud ignoramous and conspiracy theorist, the aspiring leader of a "Workers' Party" who plays footsie with racists and anti-Semites and might well be a Russian agent? I have no illusions about what Hillary would do to the federal bench. Sad! But there is something deeply contradictory about the notion of electing a power-hungry strongman on the theory that he'll appoint judges that respect and enforce constitutional limits on government. Did Hugo Chavez appoint great judges? Did Putin, Mussolini, or Erdoğan? Would it have mattered had they sort-of kinda suggested that they would?
Related: My thoughts on why Trump can't be trusted on Supreme Court appointments.
Update: Alan Gura is now a signatory to the "Originalists Against Trump" statement.
On Wednesday, a report from The Verge alleged that Twitter CEO Dick Costolo had made frank, internal comments to his company's staffers about the social network's mishandling of abuse and harassment. The report contained apparent copies of posts taken from Twitter's private company forum, and the conversation in question revolved around complaints about Twitter made by author Lindy West, who'd recently been featured on radio series This American Life to talk about finding and confronting her worst Twitter troll
Costolo's Monday response, as posted in the report, did not mince words: "We suck at dealing with abuse and trolls on the platform, and we've sucked at it for years." He went on to claim that the company was losing "core user after core user" because of trolls, then stated—and reiterated—his taking "full responsibility" for the problem.
Further Reading Doxing victim Zoe Quinn launches online “anti-harassment task force” Service once tipped police a week ahead. Cops' memo: "Knock with your hand, not your boot."
We have reached out to Twitter with questions about the report's legitimacy, and we will update this post with any response.
.
"Everybody in the world knows that we have not effectively dealt with this problem even remotely to the degree we should have by now," Costolo wrote in a second post. His assertion that "we're going to fix it" didn't contain specific strategies or suggestions but rather an assurance that teams assigned to the task of abuse moderation would be given resources and "clear lines of responsibility and accountability." In the meantime, users who currently receive a deluge of unwanted, anonymous Twitter replies tied specifically to the GamerGate hashtag have turned to the Good Game Auto-Blocker , which aggregates known, aggressive users and phrases for anyone seeking to reduce noise they may receive on the social network.
A local advocacy group says federal immigration agents arrested a Vermont dairy worker in Burlington Wednesday morning. Representatives from Migrant Justice say Alex Carrillo, 23, was stopped by agents in plainclothes as he and his wife were parking near the Chittenden County courthouse.
Carrillo came to the U.S. when he was 16, and he has been living in Vermont the past seven years, according to Migrant Justice. On Wednesday, he was heading to court to regarding a 2016 DUI. Though he never made it into the courtroom, the DUI criminal charges of were dismissed by the state on Wednesday, according to a clerk at the courthouse.
Will Lambek of Migrant Justice says this arrest is a sign of Trump's new initiative to target people who have been charged with crimes, even if they haven't been convicted.
"This sort of arrest is perfectly in line with Trumps' recent executive order, where he sort of turns the idea of innocent until proven guilty on its head," Lambek says.
“[Carrillo] was actually on his way to court to have that charge dismissed, and it was dismissed yesterday in his absence. Unfortunately President Trump's idea of justice is that you're guilty until proven innocent.”
This is a departure from the Obama administration policy of focusing on deporting people who had been convicted of certain high priority crimes. President Trump's recent executive order also prioritizes those who have simply been charged with a criminal offense, as well as those who "have committed acts that constitute a chargeable criminal offense."
Lambek says it's hard to say whether Trump's executive order has increased immigration arrests in Vermont.
“Surveillance and arrests and detention by immigration enforcement is nothing new for immigrants in Vermont,” says Lambek. “People had been detained under the Obama administration and deported under the Obama administration, and that's continuing now under President Trump. It's hard to say at this point whether that rate has increased or not.”
Carrillo is married to an American citizen; the couple has a 4-year-old child and is expecting another baby.
According to a press release from Migrant Justice, his wife, Lymarie Deida, said: “When they arrested Alex, they took away a father, a husband, a human being.”
Carrillo has retained a lawyer who will help him argue his case.
This morning I watched with delight as my hero Jimmy Dore jumped up and down on the warm corpse of Representative Adam Schiff, who last week was mauled to death in a brutal one-sided beatdown by Fox News pundit and Pee Wee Herman swagger jacker Tucker Carlson. My God it was glorious. In the video Jimmy played, oligarchy fluff girl Schiff was insinuating that the Russian government was behind the WIkiLeaks drops, and Carlson repeatedly challenged him to look straight at the camera and tell the American people that he knew for a fact that the Russian government was behind the Podesta leaks. Schiff refused to, instead equivocating and dodging and eventually getting so frustrated that he resorted to the tactic more and more establishment Democrats are resorting to: accusing Carlson of carrying water for Putin.
And as beautiful as Schiff's humiliating thrashing was (imagine what a different world we'd be living in if journalists had done that with WMDs in interviews with proponents of the Iraq invasion?), the sadistic grin quickly faded from my face when I realized that liberals all around America have definitely watched that same interview and thought to themselves “Yeah, that Tucker Carlson is a real Putin lover!”
“Putin lover.” Like that's even a thing. Like there are teens in the Jersey suburbs whose bedroom walls are covered in posters of Vladdy with an unbuttoned shirt and a man bun chilling sexily on the beach. Seriously, how much thought did anyone give Vladimir Putin before the tail end of this election cycle? In 2015 I am certain I thought about the original host of Blue's Clues more times than I thought about Putin, and I'm a political junkie. Calling someone a Putin lover is like calling someone a Hillary lover-- there's no such creature. No one loves Putin; I guarantee you half the liberals in America had no idea who he is until the talking heads on TV started informing them that he's the official new Foreign Guy To Be Afraid Of. And yet I've been called a Putin lover and a Russian troll more times than I can count just for questioning the official narrative in the articles I write.
Right, guys. Because I say we should trust the CIA as much as Michael Moore trusts a flimsy deck chair, I'm clearly a secret Kremlin operative. You'd have to empty out all of Russia to fill all the roles of all the people who've been accused of being Russian spies this year. They'd all be crowded into America, plotting to subvert U.S. democracy and kill Moose and Squirrel while depleting the nation's potato supply.
I mean, does this year really need one more thing to be ashamed of in the future? It's like whoever's in charge of 2016 was sitting at their desk going “Hmm, this year is really struggling. What can I do to help? A new life-affirming Pixar movie? Another viral Pharrel Williams tribute song phenomenon? Oh! I know! Let's bring back McCarthyism!” Great, yeah, because that looked so awesome in retrospect the first time around. What delightfully nostalgic reboots from the bowels of America's emotional trauma can we expect in 2017? Hey, we haven't seen a good blackface minstrel show in a while!
It's been so surreal seeing people regurgitate such innately absurd think-tank manufactured slogans over and over again this year, from “Bernie can't win” to “but Trump!” to “fake news” to “if you dissent you're a Russian shill.” We just saw the first ever presidential election result to be determined largely by alternative media, so in a sense this is the most awake American consciousness has ever been, but in so many other ways it seems like everyone's just as asleep at the wheel as ever.
You're better than this, America. Act better.
---
Thanks for reading. If you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it, please help me out by sharing it around, liking me on Facebook, following me on Twitter, or even tossing me some money on Patreon so I can keep this gig up. Dasvidaniya.
Gov. Mark Dayton has appointed eight people to a new committee to advise the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency (MPCA).
Dayton created the panel by executive order last year after the Legislature abolished the MPCA Citizens' Board, which had final authority over key environmental review decisions and came under fire from farm interests and Republican legislators. The new committee has no formal powers, but Dayton said in a statement Tuesday that it will ensure citizen input into environmental regulatory decisions. Like the former Citizens' Board, the committee will be chaired by the MPCA commissioner.
The appointees include people from the health care, agricultural, industrial and government sectors. They will provide advice in four main areas: environmental reviews, permit applications, developing agency rules and requests for rule variances.
The appointees are:
Craig Acomb, president and CEO of the Institute for Clinical Systems Improvement (ICSI), an independent, nonprofit health care improvement organization.
Amira Adawe, a planner and health educator with St. Paul-Ramsey County Public Health.
Cortney Amundson, founder and director of Mindful Restoration LLC, which provides eco-therapy to individuals and groups.
Kurt Anderson, manager of the Environmental & Land Management Department for Allete Inc., a Duluth-based coal and energy company.
Rebecca Forman, a senior analyst at Merjent Inc., a Minneapolis energy and environmental consulting firm.
Nathaniel Hultgren, agronomy director for Meadow Star Dairy, a large western-Minnesota livestock operation.
Norman Miranda, senior technical director with HR Green Co. and a former manager in the Minneapolis Public Works Department.
Ted Winter, a licensed insurance agent with Farmers Union Insurance and former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives, where he served two years as majority leader.
STAFF and WIRE REPORTS
DESPERATE Scottish Labour are flogging tea towels autographed by Jeremy Corbyn for £100 a pop.
The cash-strapped party resorted to emailing members in a bid to clean up ahead of next month's council elections.
2 Snap shows Corbyn grinning as he sits by a printer - autographing Keir Hardie-themed towels
A bizarre snap sent with the plea shows Corbyn grinning as he sits by a printer - autographing Keir Hardie-themed towels.
The email was sent out today to thousands of supporters by Scottish Labour general secretary Brian Roy.
In a bid to tempt members to part with their dosh, Mr Roy said: “Donate £100 or more today and receive an exclusive Keir Hardie tea-towel signed by Jeremy Corbyn.
"All money raised will help directly fund local election campaigns across the country.”
Most Read in News PICTURED CAPITAL BLAZE DRAMA Arthur's Seat on fire as emergency crews race to scene in Edinburgh WHAT A HOOP-LA Celtic-daft celebs react to Brendan Rodgers leaving for Leicester VIDEO WARNING Scots mum warns parents of Momo after 'secret' messages to petrified daughter MOMO NO-NO Momo Challenge in 'Peppa Pig and Fortnite vids' as YouTube and Instagram slammed 'SICK' Celtic and Gers fans unite to slam Rodgers trolls over Leicester helicopter crash Warning GANGLAND SLAYINGS Teen, 16, 'killed parents and dumped bodies in black bin bags' TREE OF TERROR Mum horrified to learn what the strange 'pods' were hanging from branches SUICIDE WARNING What is Momo and how can parents protect their children? Latest BLOOD ON THE STREETS Man, 20s, knifed to death in 4th horror stabbing in 7 hours in London 'GANG' TRIAL Ex-pro footballer 'promised £50k to put tracker on gang target Bonzo's car'
The email also quoted Labour founding father Hardie hailing socialist ideals, and added: “At the heart of our socialism is the simple belief that Together We're Stronger.
“With your help, we will take that message to the people of Scotland and deliver a strong result for Scottish Labour in May.
But one member who received the email said: “They must be mad, desperate, or both. Who the hell is going to fork out £100 for a tea towel signed by Corbyn?
“Given most Scottish Labour members voted for Owen Smith in last year's leadership elections they are hardly tapping into a huge market.
“It's embarrassing. Just look at the state of the photo - it makes us look like amateurs.”
2 The email was sent out today to thousands of supporters by Scottish Labour general secretary Brian Roy
Scottish Labour's coffers were said by insiders to have been “cleaned out” under former boss Jim Murphy in his hapless General Election campaign.
Labour's 2015 collapse in MP numbers, repeated in the 2016 Holyrood vote, means far less public cash now goes to the party - making it tougher for them to campaign ahead of May's council poll.
It was also claimed last year that Ms Dugdale's team were “frustrated” by a lack of cash from Corbyn's London HQ.
A senior SNP source said: “Labour truly have thrown in the tea towel on this election campaign.
“They are trying to milk their remaining followers for all they are worth with this bizarre fund-raising attempt, treating their members like mugs by asking for £100 for this piece of tat.
“Given the continued divisions between Kez and Jez, I can't see them coming together over a cuppa anytime soon.”
We pay for your stories and videos! Do you have a story or video for The Scottish Sun Online? Email us at scottishsundigital@news.co.uk or call 0141 420 5266
Two-thirds of Americans think President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has failed, so far, in his promise to "drain the swamp" in Washington, according to a Monmouth University poll out Wednesday.
Less than a quarter of respondents in the survey — 24 percent — said that the president has made progress toward the goal in his first four months in office, while 35 percent believe nothing has changed. Thirty-two percent said Trump has actually "made the swamp worse," according to the poll.
Trump vowed on the campaign trail to "drain the swamp" in D.C., but since taking office has brought into his administration several individuals with backgrounds in politics, lobbying and finance.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Trump administration has clashed with the Office of Government Ethics in recent days over the ethics watchdog's effort to gather names of former lobbyists granted waivers in order to work in Trump's White House.
The Monmouth University poll painted a largely dissatisfied view of Trump's presidency and Congress, with 61 percent of respondents saying that the country is heading in the wrong direction.
The poll also found that most Americans don't think the American Health Care Act, the GOP's plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare, will lower the cost of health insurance. Forty-four percent said they are anticipating an increase in cost under the law, while 36 percent said they believe it will stay about the same.
The poll of 1,002 adults in the U.S. was conducted between May 13 and 17. It has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.1 percent.
The main tournament for Assembly Summer 2014 Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft.
Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft IeSF Qualifier 2014 tournament is the Finnish qualifier tournament for the Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft IeSF World Championship tournament held in Baku, Azerbaidžan on 12th to 17th November. The qualifier tournament has 16 spots, 1000 Euros in prize money, and the winner qualifies and gets a paid trip to the IeSF tournament.
The participation is open only to Finnish players. The tournament ticket costs €50, which includes the entrance to the ASSEMBLY event for full four days, access to the dedicated tournament area with a personal computer on tournament days and the player lounge by SEUL ry where you may enjoy snacks for free.
The tournament is a non-BYOC competition played on Thurday the 31st of July. A separate player area with a stage and an audience stand has been reserved for the tournament.
Update:
The gender restriction rule has been removed, we thank everyone who took part in this process.
Info
Time: Thu 31st of July
Place: Helsinki Exhibition and Convention Centre, Helsinki, Finland
Players: 16, Finnish only
Prize pool: €1000 EUR + trip to IeSF 2014
Format: Group stage & single elimination playoffs
Streams: English
Participation: Invites & online qualifiers
Ticket price: €50
Rules: Regulation Finnish eSports Federation (SEUL) rules
DO NOTE! Naxxramas cards are allowed in the tournament.
Website: assembly.org
Participation
16 player spots total with 12 invites and 4 qualifier spots.
Players must request an invite by sending the application form by the 8th of July.
The qualifiers will be announced later. Everyone should apply for an invite first, and then participate to the qualifiers if need be.
Prizes
1. €350 + paid trip to IeSF World Championship 2014
2. €350
3-4. €150
Format
A double-elimination group stage and single elimination playoffs. The group matches are bo3, quarter-final matches are bo5 and the semi-final and final are a bo5 match.
Schedule (in EEST)
Thursday, 31st of July
16:00 Groups
20:00 RO8
22:00 Semi-finals
24:00 Final
Streams
On-site stream by Ville "1mustfall" Tuomisto and Joonas "Jka" Kapiainen.
You can watch the stream here
Qualifiers
Details here
Contact
Head admin
Markus "Olodyn" Koskivirta
Battle.net: Olodyn#2550
Email: markus.koskivirta at gmail.com
Skype: Markus Koskivirta
IRC: Olodyn@QuakeNet & IRCNet
Violence erupts on Spain's streets as thousands clash with police in 24-hour general strike
Advertisement
Riot police took to the streets of Spain yesterday as protesters burned bins, vandalised shops and attacked officers during a one-day nationwide general strike.
Spaniards angry with having the eurozone's highest unemployment rate refused to go to work in protest at further crushing austerity measures being brought in by the new centre-right Popular Party government.
In Madrid, more than 1,000 members of the National Police's mobile anti-disturbance units patrolled the streets on foot and in armoured personnel carriers.
Scroll down for video
Civil unrest: Riot police in Barcelona yesterday as protesters burned bins, vandalised shops and attacked officers during a one-day nationwide general strike A demonstrator throws a rock at a cafe window. Spaniards angry with having the eurozone's highest unemployment rate refused to go to work in protest at further crushing austerity measures being brought in
Hundreds of protesters fill up Madrid's Puerta Del Sol. In the capital alone, more than 1,000 members of the National Police's mobile anti-disturbance units patrolled the streets on foot and in armoured personnel carriers In Barcelona there were several incidents, the worst being an attack on a bingo hall in the early hours in which troublemakers used the strike as a cover to loot €2,250 from the cash register. Bins were set on fire as small groups battled police. RELATED ARTICLES Previous
1
Next Spain's strikes take the country further towards the fate of... Hundreds of flights cancelled as general strike cripples... Share this article Share At the city's El Prat international airport there were angry scenes when travellers who checked on Wednesday night that their flights would not be affected arrived to find they had been cancelled early in the morning. They then found it difficult to get back into Barcelona because there were few taxis or buses. The country's two major trade unions, the Socialist led General Workers' Union - UGT - and the Communist dominated Workers' Commissions - CCOO - which called the protest action, claimed that more than 70 per cent of the work force was out.
A fire burns in the smashed window of the El Corte Ingles department store in Barcelona. Graffiti daubed inside reads 'Vaga', which means strike in Catalan
Blaze: Firemen try to extinguish burning waste containers after clashes during the national strike in Barcelona
Running battle: Firefighters fought back the flames in Barcelona after protesters set fire to rubbish bins in the city
Protest: Tyres were burnt in Burgos as boisterous picket lines formed across the country It said virtually all workers at Renault, SEAT, Volkswagen and Ford car factories around Spain, and at other industrial, mining and port facilities, honoured the strike during the overnight shift. Picketers tried to block wholesale markets in Madrid and other cities and commuter train service were disrupted in Barcelona. Outside Atocha, one of Madrid's main commuter and long-distance rail stations, picketers waved red union flags and blew shrill whistles as police looked on. Some picketers tried to convince a coffee shop owner to join them, and slapped a pro-strike sticker on his glass window.
Brutal: Picketers clashed with police in the northern city of Santander during the 24 hour strike
Force: Police arrested a woman in Madrid (left) as undercover police buster activists in the same city (right)
Kung Fu: A demonstrator is pushed by riot police in Pamplona, northern Spain, during the strike
Angry: A bonfire was set up outside Barcelona's Stock Exchange Market during the strike A Molotov cocktail was thrown at a police car in the eastern city of Murcia, and Spanish National TV showed footage of police in Barcelona on horseback accompanying buses trying to leave a parking garage, and scuffling with a picketer. Regional TV stations in Andalusia in the south, Catalonia in the northeast and Madrid were also forced off the air because of the strike. But with the exception of those isolated incidents in which 58 pickets were arrested and nine, including six, officers received minor injuries, peace prevailed. Observers noted that in a country where the jobless rate stands at 23 per cent, and almost one in two young people are out of work, many simply did not want to lose a day's wage.
Bubbling over: Security was high in Pamplona (left) and Barcelona (right) where riot police flooded the streets
Protection: Riot police officers stood in front of Pamplona's El Corte Ingles as protesters took to the streets
Massive: The government tried to play down the amount of people attending the protests, but activists filled the streets of Seville in this demo
Anger: Protesters shout slogans in Madrid (left) as masked protesters throw stones in Barcelona (right) The government dismissed protesters claims that the strike was 'massive' though by saying its impact was 'clearly inferior' to the last one, held under the Socialists in September 2010. Cristina Diaz, the Popular Party's director-general of Interior Policy, said there was a sparse following of the strike call in the public, commercial and banking sectors, and claimed that in most work places normality ruled. But another factor believed to have played a part in keeping people at work, said observers, was fear of losing their jobs. New measures brought in by the party which pledged in the run-up to last autumn's general election to create more jobs have made it easier for bosses to sack staff.
Mega: Protesters stretched as far as the eye could see in the northern city of Coruna
No messing: Police stood guard outside El Corte Ingles' department store in Coruna
Anger: A protester argues with an older man in Barcelona (left) as protesters hold a doll of Spain's Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy in Seville (right)
Grabbed: Police stopped a protester in Madrid during the union-sponsored general strike
The piece of legislation also trims wages and modifies other working conditions by citing concerns over, for example, productivity.
The idea behind the decree is to make Spain more competitive once the rest of Europe recovers and employers are less wary of hiring.
The demonstrations came the day before the government is today scheduled to serve up even more austerity pain with a budget to feature tens of billions of euros in deficit-reduction measures.
The government's cuts are designed to help Spain in its struggles to satisfy both the European Union and the international investors who determine the country's borrowing costs in the international debt markets.
They will therefore have a lot of says in whether Spain will follow Greece, Ireland and Portugal in needing a bailout.
Ammon Bundy, the figure at the center of an extremist antigovernment occupation of a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon, appeared to make an announcement on Twitter yesterday –– his struggle against the federal government was in the same tradition as Rosa Parks' civil disobedience.
 The Tweet from the fake Ammon Bundy account
Coverage of the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge until then included many articles on the racial double standard between armed whites threatening violence while protesting the government and the peaceful, if confrontational tactics, of racial justice protests like Black Lives Matter.
The tweet about Rosa Parks hit a nerve for observers everywhere. Publications including USA Today , The tweet about Rosa Parks hit a nerve for observers everywhere. Publications including The Washington Post Mediate , and The New Republic ran stories with headlines like “Oregon 'militia' leader says he's doing the 'same thing' as Rosa Parks." The problem? The Twitter account was a total fake.
was the first to discover another Twitter account, @TheSaintNegro29, that was crowing about the success of their fraud and posting correspondences they had via the account with journalists. That account, with its obviously racist name, was marked with racist images of the major players in the Oregon standoff. Diving deeper into other images the account tweeted, the racist images got worse and worse. Gizmodo was the first to discover another Twitter account, @TheSaintNegro29, that was crowing about the success of their fraud and posting correspondences they had via the account with journalists. That account, with its obviously racist name, was marked with racist images of the major players in the Oregon standoff. Diving deeper into other images the account tweeted, the racist images got worse and worse.
The publications that ran stories on the fake account soon ran corrections. But this was not the first time a racist troll was successful in hijacking a media moment. And in all likelihood, it won't be the last.
Subversion
As online platforms like Twitter and Facebook become increasingly important for the dissemination of breaking news, extremist leaders are quickly recognizing the power of subverting mainstream coverage in the service of their own agendas.
So far, this subversion has manifested itself in two major campaign styles: overtly, with memes and images designed to elicit outrage and disrupt messaging, and covertly, through the spread of disinformation, fraudulent eyewitness accounts and fake news reports.
But no matter the method, the racists behind the tactics have one goal: hijacking the media in the service of more “racially awakened” minds.
One of the foremost practitioners of both types of campaign is Andrew Anglin, administrator of The Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website that thrives on the type of vicious racism formerly confined to anonymous boards such as 4Chan and 8chan. In recent years, the site has originated racist campaigns targeting both the mainstream media and social justice organizers.
During last fall's protests calling for the resignation of Tim Wolfe, president of the University of Missouri, over his handling of a series of racist incidents on campus, Anglin was able to generate thousands of retweets and “likes” for false information purportedly coming from the demonstrations.
Using the hashtags #Mizzou and #PrayForMizzou, Anglin manipulated the audience following the situation online to unwittingly spread reports that the University of Missouri police were complicit with the Ku Klux Klan and that crosses were being burned on the university lawn — an effort apparently meant to show that overly sensitive anti-racist protesters will believe anything. When his efforts were discovered, Twitter banned his username. But the damage had been done. Anglin touted his efforts as a major success and called for similar campaigns as soon as possible.
It didn't take long for copycats to follow suit.
Several weeks after Anglin's trolling of the Mizzou protests, dozens of White Student Union (WSU) pages began appearing on Facebook. The reaction from students and administrations alike was predictable condemnation and outrage. After one such response from the administration at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Anglin copied the idea for another one of his own campaigns of organized subversion.
“So, guys. Here's the plan: Make more of the White Student Union pages on Facebook for various universities. You don't have to go there. Make one for Dartmouth, Princeton, etc.,” Anglin wrote on his website. “If they won't let it on Facebook, put it on tumblr or wordpress or whatever. Get it up, then forward the links to local media.”
What followed was massive media coverage — from ABC News, USA Today , The Washington Post and others — all asking if the pages were authentic. Only a handful of the WSUs seemed to be real groups. However, in a matter of a day, Anglin was able to help propel extremist ideas from the neo-Nazi fringe into the mainstream, and it took no time for other white supremacists to take notice.
‘Sock Puppets' and the Klan
“It doesn't matter who started them or why, whether it was ‘real' or a satire, spontaneous or coordinated: A few dozen Facebook pages made the concept of White Student Unions real through manipulated tension and predictable media amplification,” wrote Abigail James on the white nationalist journal Radix. “Worst-case scenario, this particular incident fizzles out and we learn a few new tricks. If we're sensitive to opportunities and smart about it, it can be done again.”
Radix's endorsement of tactics popularized by the comparatively lowbrow Daily Stormer is perhaps even more remarkable than the media coverage itself. Radix and its publisher Richard Spencer claim to be the bourgeois thought catalog of the “new right,” and they were suddenly heaping praise and taking cues from neo-Nazi Anglin's legion of anonymous Internet trolls. (To get a sense of Anglin, consider that his website is named for Der Stürmer , the obscene and gutturally anti-Semitic rag published by Julius Streicher, a Nazi leader who was executed for crimes against humanity after being tried in Nuremberg.)
“You are having a quite remarkable effect. I would say that this recent trolling campaign of yours, I thought, was pretty incredible to get all of that mainstream coverage and all of that absolute hysteria about Ku Klux Klan on the Mizzou [University of Missouri] campus,” Anglin's Radio Stormer co-host Sven Longshanks said. “Apart from being hilarious, it really did make a point of how easy it was to stir these blacks up.”
Using platforms like Twitter is old hat for the more savvy Internet racists who have long taken advantage of online anonymity to spread racist messages like “#WhiteGenocide” and “The Mantra,” a screed devised by Bob Whitaker, the 2016 presidential candidate for the American Freedom Party (AFP), that reads, in part, “Asia for the Asians, Africa for the Africans, White countries for everybody!”
Seeding false news stories on this scale, however, is new for racists like Anglin.
“I'm just one guy. This could have been done by anybody,” Anglin said. “What I'm saying about the Holocaust, and joking about ‘Gas the Kikes' is that you're using the same methods they used to destroy our traditional systems against them. … In many ways, it's the whole concept behind the Daily Stormer.”
Acknowledging that he has his own “sock puppet” accounts — accounts registered to a fake name — Anglin and his co-host encouraged listeners to strike out on their own and impersonate people of color and women in order to conduct “culture jamming.” Longshanks went as far as to suggest purchasing disposable mobile phones to avoid detection and banishment from social media platforms like Twitter.
Culture jamming is a tactic normally associated with anti-consumerist movements, and typically uses satire and irony to discredit commercial or political messages and claims. In that context, it has sometimes been referred to as “subvertising” or “guerrilla communication.”
‘Holocaust Humor'
“Anglin's tactics, really a bastardized form of cultural jamming, have many effects. One of them is to discredit the official narrative. Another one is to sow seeds of doubt and to suggest a false equivalency between viewpoints and positions where there truly is a right and a wrong,” Mark Dery, a culture critic who writes about the dark side of the American psyche, told Hatewatch.
“Another tactical move Anglin is attempting is to simply stress the mainstream media. … It's never been less economically viable to run a really rigorous investigative news operation. If you can just distract reporters and stretch their resources thin, sending them on a wild goose chase for what is effectively a media hoax, in a sense you've already won because they're not covering stories that need to be covered, and they're squandering resources on something that doesn't pan out.”
Last month, using more overt tactics, racists from around the globe managed to get the hashtag #BoycottStarWarsVII to trend over a supposed “anti-white” agenda — based on the casting of a female and a black man as the film's leads — without the help of the mainstream media. Director J.J. Abrams was the primary target for supposedly leading a campaign of “white genocide” through his casting choices. The attack generated enough attention to elicit headlines from news organizations like The Guardian , the Daily Mail , Wired and the Daily Beast.
Another popular series of memes has been built around attaching anti-Semitic quotes, including some from Hitler, to images of Taylor Swift. Although primarily born in noxious environments such as the depths of Reddit, as well as 4chan and 8chan's /pol/ sections, they can be found with some frequency in the comment threads of mainstream sites.
Anonymity binds most of these campaigns together. With the exception of known leaders on the radical right who often organize and initiate them, these projects rely on the velocity and strength of legions of anonymous users disseminating memes and using hashtags simultaneously. Perceived humor, often of the darkest variety, is what allows them to be perpetuated so effectively. Reactions of outrage by the targeted demographics only add fuel to the fire.
“My inclination is that ‘gas the kikes' is ridiculous enough that it will immediately be recognized as humor — if dark humor — by any normal person who hears it, and that the media repeating this phrase would desensitize the public to Holocaust humor,” Anglin wrote.
Sowing Doubt
The culture jamming tactics co-opted by Anglin present a Catch-22 for the mainstream media. Writing about their campaigns generates precisely the publicity and desensitization that bad actors with nothing to lose, like Anglin, are after. His hypothesis is that regular viewers exposed to a tide of seemingly hyperbolic images will eventually begin to laugh, even if reluctantly, creating a new status quo for what passes as acceptable content across the mainstream Internet and ostensibly redefining the rules of the debate.
“They're actually doing what the conservative-, mainstream-, corporate- or ideologue-funded right, that is to say the GOP and its fellow travellers, have been doing for decades, which is simply sowing the seeds of doubt in the media narrative,” Dery explained. “In other words, you don't have to win the climate change debate, you don't have to win the fracking debate, you don't have to win the debate on rape in the military, if you just create the illusion that there's another side to this.”
As Angelo John Gage, the former congressional candidate for AFP, pointed out during the #BoycottStarWarsVII campaign, “no one cares about a black dude having the lead in #BoycottStarWarsVII, the whole point was to seed the meme #whitegenocide & it worked lol.”
Indeed, Anglin, Gage and their legions of followers are simply making a scene to force an audience, wittingly or not, to consider an extreme political position. Given the anonymity of those exposed to their handiwork, it's difficult to measure their efficacy outside of the headlines they have managed to generate.
But Dery has doubts about the prowess of ringleaders like Gage and Anglin.
“I wouldn't exalt [Anglin's] perspicacity and penetration of these issues too much. He isn't framing it consciously in terms of its effects. He's loaded his blunderbuss up with every bent nail and twisted screw in his drawer and is kind of firing away at the broadside of the barn culturally, but there's no nuance to the analysis.”
Anglin did not respond to an E-mail from the Intelligence Report requesting comment.
The existence of these campaigns, nuanced or otherwise, as well as the energy expended by the perpetrators, serves as one more example of the Internet as the new battleground for organized racism. Whether covertly derailing social justice campaigns or attacking perceived hypocrisy in the mainstream through overt memes, the battle for hearts and minds is being fought online.
What used to exclusively dwell in the darkest corners of the web has now crept into the mainstream. Understanding the tactics being deployed is essential in countering these racist campaigns, and a trained eye is the only feasible way to flush these subversions out of the mainstream and back to the swamps in which they bred.
Oil Price Rise On Norwegian Production Figures
160 SHARES Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Linkedin
Official figures forecasting a heavy fall in Norwegian oil production during 2016, result in an oil price rise, despite a February's glut increase.
The Norwegian Petroleum Directorate (NPD) published figures that show the nation's production of hydrocarbons for February 2016 rose by approximately 0.5% compared to January 2016- which itself saw an increase over December.
Norwegian Oil And Gas Production
The production increase amounts to 12,000 barrels of oil, putting the nation's total production at around 2,050,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
Adding further pressure to global markets, the NPD also confirmed that Norway's gas sales fell compared to January, by 0.5 billion cubic metres.
2016 Production Forecast
However looking ahead NPD's official 2016 forecast for Norwegian production showed, a shortening of the gap in March and a steep reduction over the summer months, with natural gas output being reduced by around one third during september.
Even with an increase heading into the European winter months, the nation's production looks to remain comfortably below that of 2015.
Global markets welcomed the forecast reduction, resulting in rise in the price of Brent Crude by 2.4%, almost $1, to $41.65 in early trading, whilst Natural Gas rose around 1% to $19.
NPD Norwegian Oil Production Forecast 2016
Norway's Production Breakdown
Liquid Production
February's figures for liquid production show 1,619,000 barrels of oil, 395,000 barrels of Natural Gas Liquids (NGL), and 37,000 barrels of condensate. In total the liquid output for February was 9% higher than the same period in 2015.
NPD Norwegian Liquid Production Forecast 2016
Gas Production
NPD Norwegian Gas Production Forecast 2016
America's 32nd President, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, was born in Hyde Park, NY this day in 1882. Roosevelt is greatly remembered for leading the US through a depression and WWII, and his wife Eleanor's humanitarian efforts. However, he is also known as our only physically disabled president, and founder of the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis (now known as the March of Dimes).
This lower leg brace was one of many used by Franklin D. Roosevelt (1882-1945) after he was permanently disabled by polio in 1921. Despite paralysis of both legs, FDR was determined to walk again and sought out numerous cures, from mineral baths to braces. Heavy steel braces allowed him to “walk” short distances, and lower leg braces, such as this example, helped to prevent atrophy of his leg muscles. This leg brace came from the estate of Roosevelt's White House Secretary, Grace Tully.
Roosevelt was also the only president to serve more than two terms, since there was no official rule saying someone couldn't serve more than two terms (the 22nd Amendment was ratified in 1951). However, FDR's third and fourth terms came with a lot of controversy, and a lot of opposition.
This pinback campaign button is from the 1944 election resulting in FDR's third term, from the anti-Roosevelt factions. The New-York Historical Society's museum collection has numerous buttons from the anti-Roosevelt campaigns, with witty slogans like “Roosevelt, Hide at Hyde!“, “Roosevelt for EX President“, and my personal favorite, “Sure I'll Vote for Roosevelt ha ha ha ha ha“. However, Roosevelt won his third term with 55% of the popular vote, and his fourth with 53%, so a good percentage of Americans must have been wearing “Carry on with Roosevelt” buttons (though Roosevelt clearly didn't spring for the wittiest slogan writer).
Those shirts are not new, and anyone who's attended a Trump rally (or even a Bernie Sanders rally) this year will have seen them. Styled after Clinton's 2008 logo, they produce frantic double-takes every time I see one, thinking a Hillary backer has gone out into the fray. But they're especially popular here.
Then there are the speeches. One of the emotional peaks of Monday's convention slate was a short address by Patricia Smith, whose son Sean Smith was killed in the September 11, 2012, terrorist attack in Benghazi while stationed there by the U.S. Foreign Service. As she told her story, someone on the floor shouting “Hillary for prison!”
“That's right,” Smith replied. “Hillary for prison. She deserves to be in stripes.”
Tuesday night, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie made it even more explicit. A former U.S. attorney, Christie approached his speaking slot like a prosecutor making his case against a defendant. He even asked the audience to deliver a verdict. “We must present those facts to you, a jury of her peers, both in this hall and in living rooms around our nation,” he said. “Since the Justice Department refuses to allow you to render a verdict, let's present the case now, on the facts, against Hillary Clinton.”
The crowd was delighted to oblige. Throughout Christie's speech, attendees broke into chants of “Lock her up! Lock her up!”
Still, these sentiments are by some measures the moderate ones. Al Baldasaro, a New Hampshire delegate who has appeared at events with Trump, railed against Clinton during a radio interview on Tuesday, as BuzzFeed's Andrew Kaczynzski reported.
“Hillary Clinton to me is the Jane Fonda of the Vietnam. She is a disgrace for the lies that she told those mothers about their children that got killed over there in Benghazi. She dropped the ball on over 400 emails requesting back up security. Something's wrong there,” he said. “This whole thing disgusts me, Hillary Clinton should be put in the firing line and shot for treason.”
On Friday, West Virginia delegate Michael Folk reached a similar conclusion, though he prescribed a different method of execution. Tweeting at Clinton, he said, “You should be tried for treason, murder and crimes against the U.S. Constitution… then hung on the Mall in Washington, D.C.”
The attitude that Clinton must be jailed or even executed is by no means universal. Some delegates seem as disgusted by the saber-rattling as they are by their nominee and the fights overrules at the convention—more signs of a party veering into populism and barbarity. Clinton is also an unusual figure in that she is plagued by some real legal problems, so it's not just partisan animosity. But the Justice Department's decision not to bring charges against Clinton over the use of her private email server inspired a harsh backlash. For months, Republican leaders suggested that Clinton would be indicted, despite legal experts' consensus view that a prosecution was unlikely. When FBI Director James Comey dashed those hopes by recommending against charges, people who had gotten their hopes up were furious. Since the Justice Department won't bring charges, people like Smith, Baldasaro, and Folk are making their own citizens' indictments.
Solomon Islands: Rising sea levels blamed for the disappearance of five reef islands
Updated
At least five reef islands in the remote Solomon Islands have been lost completely to sea level rise and coastal erosion, and a further six islands have been severely eroded.
Key points: New evidence first time anecdotal accounts of sea level rising impacts confirmed
Nuatambu Island lost more than half of its habitable area, 11 houses washed into the sea since 2011
21 islands exposed to high wave energy, five disappeared, six eroded substantially
Sea level rise, erosion and coastal flooding are some of the greatest challenges facing humanity from climate change.
The islands lost to the sea range in size from one to five hectares and supported dense tropical vegetation that was at least 300 years old.
Nuatambu Island — home to 25 families — has lost more than half of its habitable area, with 11 houses washed into the sea since 2011.
This is the first scientific evidence, published in Environmental Research Letters, that confirms the numerous anecdotal accounts from across the Pacific of the dramatic impacts of climate change on coastlines and people.
Previous studies examining the risk of coastal inundation in the Pacific region have found islands can actually keep pace with sea level rise and sometimes even expand.
However, these studies have been conducted in areas of the Pacific with rates of sea level rise of 3-5 millimetres per year — broadly in line with the global average of 3 millimetres per year.
Solomon Islands sea levels rising at three times the average
For the past 20 years, the Solomon Islands have been a hotspot for sea level rise.
Its seas have risen at almost three-times the global average — about 7-10 millimetres per year since 1993. This higher local rate is partly the result of natural climate variability.
These higher rates were in line with what is expected across much of the Pacific in the second half of this century as a result of human-induced sea level rise.
Many areas will experience long-term rates of sea level rise similar to that already experienced in the Solomon Islands, but the very lowest emission scenarios.
Natural variations and geological movements will be superimposed on these higher rates of global average sea level rise, resulting in periods when local rates of rise will be substantially larger than that recently observed in the Solomon Islands.
The current conditions in the Solomon Islands are an insight into the future impacts of accelerated sea level rise.
The coastlines of 33 reef islands were studied using aerial and satellite imagery from 1947 to 2015.
This information was integrated with local traditional knowledge, radiocarbon dating of trees, sea level records, and wave models.
Wave energy appears to play an important role in the dramatic coastal erosion observed in the Solomon Islands.
Islands exposed to higher wave energy in addition to sea level rise experienced greatly accelerated loss compared with more sheltered islands.
Twelve islands we studied in a low wave energy area of the Solomon Islands experienced little noticeable change in shorelines despite being exposed to similar sea level rise.
But of the 21 islands exposed to higher wave energy, five completely disappeared and a further six islands eroded substantially.
The human story behind rising sea levels
These rapid changes to shorelines observed in the Solomon Islands have led to the relocation of several coastal communities that have inhabited these areas for generations.
These are not planned relocations led by governments or supported by international climate funds, but are ad hoc relocations using their own limited resources.
The customary land tenure (native title) system in the Solomon Islands has provided a safety net for these displaced communities.
In fact, in some cases entire communities have left coastal villages that were established in the early 1900s by missionaries, and retraced their ancestral movements to resettle old inland village sites used by their forefathers.
In other cases, relocations have been more ad hoc, with individual families resettling small inland hamlets over which they have customary ownership.
In these cases, communities of 100-200 people have fragmented into handfuls of tiny family hamlets. Sirilo Sutaroti, the 94-year-old chief of the Paurata tribe, recently abandoned his village.
"The sea has started to come inland, it forced us to move up to the hilltop and rebuild our village there away from the sea," he said.
In addition to these village relocations, Taro, the capital of Choiseul Province, is set to become the first provincial capital in the world to relocate residents and services in response to the impact of sea level rise.
The global effort to protect the Pacific
Interactions between sea level rise, waves and the large range of responses observed in the Solomon Islands — from total island loss to relative stability — shows the importance of integrating local assessments with traditional knowledge when planning for sea level rise and climate change.
Linking this rich knowledge and inherent resilience in the people with technical assessments and climate funding is critical to guiding adaptation efforts.
Solomon Islands National Disaster Council chair Melchior Mataki this "ultimately called for support from development partners and international financial mechanisms"
"This support should include nationally driven scientific studies to inform adaptation planning to address the impacts of climate change in the Solomon Islands," he said.
Last month the Solomon Islands government joined 11 other small Pacific Island nations in signing the Paris climate agreement in New York. There was a sense of optimism it would signify a turning point in global efforts.
However, it remains to be seen how the hundreds of billions of dollars promised through global funding models such as the Green Climate Fund can support those most at need in remote communities, like those in the Solomon Islands.
Simon Albert is a senior research fellow a University of Queensland School of Civil Engineering, Alistair Grinham is senior research fellow at the University of Queensland, Badin Gibbes is a senior lecturer at the University of Queensland School of Civil Engineering, Javier Leon is a lecturer at the University of the Sunshine Coast, John Church is a CSIRO fellow.
This article was first published on The Conversation
Topics: climate-change, oceans-and-reefs, erosion, world-politics, solomon-islands, university-of-queensland-4072, sippy-downs-4556, pacific
First posted
I personally am one of the people who are extremely excited about the fact that the Chrome OS is now out in the hands of the community. What this means to me is that as early as next year we could start seeing devices running the Chrome OS, which I personally can't wait for. I've been in the market for a good netbook for over a year now, the problem is there is nothing out there that seems perfect for what I want. I want something lightweight, fast and very portable with a slick interface and preferably touch screen. The problem with the majority of netbooks out in the market right now is they are running off of a windows based operating system. While there is nothing wrong with the Windows OS it seems more suited towards desktop computers and full fledged laptops as it is a heavily bloated OS.
This is where the Google Chrome OS comes into play. Most people don't realize the role this operating system is trying to fill and it is causing a lot of confusion out there. The Chrome OS is designed solely for internet-only devices. The purpose is to provide users with a fast way to get connected to the internet to do a number of different tasks that can be completed online. Google's goal seems to be driving your everyday activities to the cloud, further supported by Chrome OS's design.
This is what is difficult for people to grasp about Chrome, it's being designed to fill a gap that currently exist. There are no operating System currently designed solely to get you online and manage your online applications. Chrome OS is a large step forward for cloud computing, it is opening the doors for device manufacturers to easily create internet-only devices and for a lower cost.
I really don't believe that Microsoft has anything to be worried about in regards to the Chrome OS. If they keep trying to put pressure into making Windows 7 viable for the netbook market I don't feel they are going to accomplish anything other than loosing money in the long run. I already feel that Microsoft as a corperation spreads themselves to thin as it is and continuing to do so is going to bring them a lot more trouble than they are already in. If they focused on building a stable desktop/laptop operating system and pushed that with their full effort I feel that they would be better off than trying to go toe to toe in the new market that Google is pushing. Unfortunately, I can already see them competing directly with Chrome OS and coming out with their own even slimmer version of Windows 7 time that could be better spent improving on it's functionality and ease of use.
To get back on topic, I am pleased where Google is going with the Chrome OS and look forward to getting a device that is running it as soon as possible. It will fit my needs perfectly, as all I need is something that will connect online and allow me to use all the online applications that I currently do already. I will end with a video that I encourage you to watch that demonstrates why you would use the Chrome OS.
North Korea warns top American commander in South Korea of ‘miserable destruction' ahead of war drills
North Korea's Pak Rim Su sent a rare direct message to U.S. general
U.S. military preparing for routine joint drills with South Korea
Message warned of 'miserable destruction' if 'reckless' drills go ahead
Strong words come after North conducted nuclear test earlier this month
North Korea today warned the top American commander in South Korea of 'miserable destruction' if the U.S. military presses ahead with routine joint drills with South Korea set to begin next month.
Pak Rim Su, chief of North Korea's military delegation to the truce village of Panmunjom inside the Demilitarized Zone, sent the warning this morning to Gen. James Thurman, Pyongyang's official Korean Central News Agency said, in a rare direct message to the U.S. commander.
The threat comes as the U.S. and other nations discuss how to punish North Korea for conducting an underground nuclear test on Feb. 12 in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions banning Pyongyang from nuclear and missile activity.
Warning: Officials at a ceremony following a recent successful nuclear test in North Korea, which today sent a warning to the top U.S. commander in South Korea over its plans for joint drills
North Korea has characterized the nuclear test, its third since 2006, as a defensive act against U.S. aggression. Pyongyang accuses Washington of 'hostility' for leading the charge to punish North Korea for a December rocket launch that the U.S. considers a covert missile test.
The U.S. and North Korea fought on opposite sides of the three-year Korean War, which ended in a truce in 1953, not a peace treaty, and left the Korean Peninsula divided by a heavily fortified border monitored by the U.S.-led U.N. Command.
Washington also stations 28,500 American troops in South Korea to protect its ally against North Korean aggression.
Drills: Soldiers participating in a routine drill in South Korea, which is due to press ahead with joint drills with the U.S. military
South Korea and the U.S. regularly conduct joint drills such as the Key Resolve and Foal Eagle exercises slated to take place next month. North Korea calls the drills proof of U.S. hostility, and accuses Washington of practicing for an invasion.
'You had better bear in mind that those igniting a war are destined to meet a miserable destruction,' KCNA quoted Pak as saying in his message to Thurman. He called the drills 'reckless'.
The Senate approved the Liberal government's major citizenship bill Wednesday, after a nearly year-long legislative process resulting in changes affecting citizenship revocation, children's rights and language requirements.
The Senate voted to pass Bill C-6 Wednesday, with 45 senators voting in support of the legislation, 29 against, and no abstentions. The wide-ranging bill would repeal many parts of the former Conservative government's citizenship legislation, including a provision that revoked citizenship from dual Canadian citizens convicted of terrorism, treason or espionage.
An attempt by Conservative Senator Daniel Lang essentially proposing the government maintain that power was defeated Tuesday during debate in the Red Chamber.
Story continues below advertisement
Opinion: Canadian citizenship must be a constitutional right
If passed, the proposed legislation would automatically reinstate citizenship for dual nationals like Zakaria Amara, a member of the so-called Toronto 18 who planned to bomb downtown Toronto and had his citizenship revoked last fall under the Conservatives' Bill C-24. The Liberals have continued to stand by the proposal amidst criticism from the Conservatives, with cabinet ministers and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau repeatedly saying that "a Canadian is a Canadian is a Canadian."
The bill now heads back to the House of Commons for review, where MPs can accept, reject or modify the Senate's amendments. It's not clear how the government will respond to the changes.
One amendment would give Canadians the right to a court hearing before their citizenship is stripped. Bill C-24 eliminated the right to a Federal Court hearing for individuals subject to revocation of citizenship when the revocation was based on fraud. Rather, the government sends letters informing the individual that their citizenship will be revoked, and that they have 60 days to respond in writing.
The initial version of the Liberals' bill did not address this change – something the Senate managed to change.
Independent Senator Elaine McCoy tabled an amendment ensuring that a court hearing is given to people facing citizenship revocation on the grounds of false representation or fraud.
"It is the perfect example of the Senate doing exactly what their job is supposed to be, which is to look at the work the House of Commons has done on a bill and give it second thought," said Josh Paterson, executive director of the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen has said the government will consider the amendment when the bill comes back to the House. Meanwhile, the government continues to revoke the citizenship of Canadians who misrepresented themselves in their applications, without a hearing. Last year, Ottawa refused to grant a moratorium on revocations until Bill C-6 passed.
Another amendment, tabled by Conservative Senator Victor Oh, would allow minors to apply for citizenship without the help of their parents. Under current laws, parents and children are treated like a package deal when applying for citizenship. If the parent's citizenship application is rejected, the child can't get citizenship either, and has to wait until the age of 18 to apply again.
Richard Kurland, a Vancouver-based immigration lawyer, said the law is detrimental to children of immigrants who have grown up in Canada and wish to stay here, even if their parents don't.
"If you have grown up in Canada your entire life, why can't you sign your own Canadian citizenship application? Where's the magic in having mummy and daddy sign for you?" Mr. Kurland said.
A third amendment, proposed by Independent Senator Diane Griffin, changes the age limit of language testing. Under the current law, immigrants aged 14 to 64 are required to meet language requirements in English or French. The Liberals proposed to change that age range to 18 to 54, but Ms. Griffin's amendment upped the age cap to 60.
Mr. Hussen's office would not say how it intends to respond to the bill's amendments or anticipated timelines for its passage in the House. After the House approves the bill, it will go back to the Senate for rubber-stamping and become law.
Texas Senate Votes to End Renewable Energy Programs
The Texas Senate on Tuesday approved legislation that would close the book on two programs that helped fuel the state's years-long surge in wind energy production.
With a 21-10 vote, the chamber sent Sen. Troy Fraser's proposal, Senate Bill 931, to House lawmakers. It would end the Renewable Portfolio Standard, which established a state renewable energy goal. It would also close Texas' Competitive Renewable Energy Zone (CREZ) initiative, a power line program that sparked huge investments in wind energy.
The proposal has angered environmentalists and renewable energy industry groups. But Fraser, R-Horseshoe Bay, has said his effort is merely intended to declare “mission accomplished.”
That's because Texas long ago surpassed its renewable energy goal, and most of the $7 billion CREZ program – which regulators used to build power lines to connect windy West Texas to large electricity-hungry cities in the east – was completed in December.
Texas manufacturers and free market think tanks are among those who support the legislation, saying the two programs gave renewable energy a leg up that it no longer needs.
But advocates for renewable energy say the changes would shake the industry's confidence in Texas' business climate. Also, with federal climate regulations looming, critics say the legislation would take away an option Texas might tap to meet its proposed carbon goal.
Full story
Steve Bannon didn't draft Roy Moore as a candidate, nor was he the proximate cause of Moore's win in the Republican primary. But Moore's defeat tonight is nonetheless a signature loss for Bannon's political project, the goal of which is to replace incumbent Republicans with insurgents just like Moore.
It is important not to overstate Bannon's involvement in the Moore campaign. Moore has been a figure in Alabama politics for years, and Bannon arrived late in the Republican primary when Moore was already ahead. His most visible contribution to the Moore campaign was to order his writers to cheerlead from the sidelines as the molestation allegations piled up, a pathetic endeavor that accomplished little. Moore's elevation as a candidate owes to several factors.
Advertisement
But one of those is the corrosive influence that Bannon exerts on a portion of the Right. His mission is to find ridiculous candidates and convince voters and donors they are legitimate; for years he has used his highly-trafficked site in an effort to do just that. Yet tonight, his ideal candidate lost a statewide election in Alabama. We already knew that a party made in Bannon's image would be repulsive. Tonight we learned it is not even politically viable.
Staffers for Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton recently took a break from helping their boss resist improvements to the foster care system and save the state from the scourge of online fantasy football betting to gripe about a reporter for the Dallas Morning News.
An unnamed "high level staffer" told Breitbart's FBI informant-cum-reporter Brandon Darby that Lauren McGaughy, who'd broken stories about strange comings and goings at the office, was practically "stalking" them.
"This is insane," the staffer says. "She is waiting outside of both public and private buildings to demand that we answer questions. We feel stalked by her."
Continue Reading
The source also states that McGaughy called staffers' family members, and, in one case, yelled at a staffer who was on the phone with a person "who had just lost their spouse."
The piece also contains this gem: "Several sources in the office gave the impression that they are fully expecting to get home and have a rabbit boiling in a pot on their stoves at some point." Oy.
It's difficult to determine who's guilty of the bigger indignity here — petulant AG staffers who we had, perhaps mistakenly, assumed to be grown-ups; or Breitbart, which purports to be a legitimate news-gathering apparatus. But we're going to give the slight edge to Paxton's staffers' chutzpah nonpareil.
Not wanting to be accused of similar maniacal behavior in the future, we reached out to the AG's Office for suggestions on how to know when a reporter has crossed over from Lois Lane to Travis Bickle. Of course, we were fully aware that a list of questions about supposed stalking might be meta-stalking, but we were willing to take that chance if it could liberate AG staffers from the yoke of accountability.
We asked if it was appropriate for a reporter to seek answers from alternative sources if a government official refuses to answer questions. We asked for a rule of thumb on how to obtain public information that is being withheld. We asked for a "Do Not Call" list. We asked if any of these staffers were seeking restraining orders. We also asked if Paxton thinks it's acceptable for his staff to publicly accuse a reporter of being a lunatic.
Instead of answering the questions, Paxton's communications director, Marc Rylander, sent us this:
The Office of the Attorney General maintains great and longstanding professional relationships with representatives of local, state and national media outlets. The Attorney General and his staff work daily with many reporters to provide information in their assignments of covering business pertaining to the agency.
We replied with an email clarifying that Rylander didn't want to answer the questions, but we received no response. It's entirely possible that the follow-up email spooked Rylander and he was too busy hiding under a bed, calling 911, to get back to us.
It's a shame, because in our brief interaction, we had really come to feel that we had maintained a longstanding professional relationship. We began to question ourselves. Had we, like McGaughy, descended into madness? We imagined ourselves as Lloyd Dobler, standing in the rain, vulnerable and sincere, but maybe Rylander saw a malignant evil telegraphing taunting cyphers: I know what you did last election cycle.
The Breitbart piece closes out with a plaintive wail from another anonymous staffer, who asks, "How far will the Dallas Morning News allow [McGaughy] to go?"
We expect the DMN will "allow" McGaughy to continue her excellent reporting. She and other intrepid reporters are helping to let the public know what an elected official — and criminal defendant — is doing. It's a public service. Which is probably why Paxton's people don't recognize it.
Dursun was frequently threatened by Islamic fundamentalists , and on 4 September 1990 was assassinated outside his home in Istanbul , after which his books sold tens of thousands of copies in Turkey. [2] [4]
Dursun's father was a devout Ja'fari Muslim from the Twelver Shi'a madhab. From his childhood on, he was motivated by his father to be an Islamic scholar, unprecedented in terms of knowledge, even in Basra and Kufa.[5] With this purpose, he worked very hard and mastered all major Islamic texts.[5]
Years as a mufti Edit
After passing the necessary exams to become a mufti, Dursun was unable to officially become one as he did not have a primary school diploma. Dursun had to complete primary school exams without attending school and did so with understandable speed. He achieved mufti status in 1958.[5]
Whilst the mufti of Sivas, Dursun began establishing himself as a mufti of a different kind. Using his position, he initiated a number of projects for the development of the area and its imams:[5]
Organised for 50 tree plantations in the different villages of Sivas.
Forced plans for a mufti accommodation center to be changed for hospital to be built, with success.
Collected wheat from villages as aid for the hospital project.
Gave importance to the non-religious education of imams, through cinema and attendance of conferences.
Facilitated issue of school diplomas for imams through the Ministry of Education.
Put pressure on the mayor of Sivas for exhausting water supplies to be addressed.
Dursun gained a lot of followers and enemies at Sivas and was threatened on numerous occasions. He was exiled to the city of Sinop and stayed in what he called a "broken down shack". He received help from Ali Şarapçı, a teacher who was tormented and falsely labeled as communist, as Dursun was.[5] His mufti career ended in 1966.[5]
First atheistic thoughts Edit
In an interview with Şule Perinçek, Dursun recounts one of the first instances, where he began doubting the existence of God. During a time when he was in love at the age of 11, Sabo, the older sister of the girl he loved, called Safi, was disabled. Dursun felt sorry for Sabo and one night during his sleep he saw God in his dream.[5] After making him swear that he will not get angry, Dursun asked God why he created this Earth if he also created heaven and asked why Sabo was disabled and Safi was beautiful.[5] In the same interview, Dursun states that:
I was "always questioning and rebellious towards the concept of God", but the transition to atheism was an "evolving" one.[5]
Dursun discovered what he called "Muhammad's passings on" when he began learning about the holy books that existed prior to the Quran. He states:
I did previously have knowledge of Judaism and Christianity, but through Islamic interpretations.[5] I didn't know them from their own sources. I got to know their own sources in the 1960s.
Dursun began researching into Christianity when it was planned that he would be proudly introduced to the Pope as an intellectual mufti.[5] To prepare for this meeting and to "be able to talk with him (the Pope) with more strength", Dursun studied Christianity but "instantly" realized the "con" as he compared his already vast knowledge of Islam with Christian information.[5]
After coming to negative conclusions about religion, Dursun became "angry" that Mohammed took away valuable years of childhood and youth. He said:
So many people can't live their childhood properly because of him. So many people are sufferers of his disasters. So many people know what's right as wrong and what's wrong as right because they think the darkness that he chose exists. Human emotions and human creations haven't progressed in many ways, because of him.[5]
Dursun was an independent theist for a short period of time before he became an atheist. First, he pronounced to himself that
If there is a God, he's not Mohammed's.
He began carrying out random experiments to see if God existed or not during his mental battle with him. He began believing that humans evolved over millions of years and continued learning about anthropology. He states that his independent theist period lasted "two or three years".[5]
Life as a producer and an author Edit
Following his resignation as a mufti, Dursun struggled to earn a living in Istanbul and even became a binman. The decision to quit as a mufti was a tough one, but Dursun stated that his principle was always "never to have a contradiction between what I thought and what I did".[5]
Due to a number of friends he made as a thinking mufti, he was able to get a foot in at the Turkish Radio and Television Corporation, (TRT), working firstly in basic administrative positions before taking and passing an exam to become involved in programme production.[5]
Among his productions are, "Turks in history", "Mankind from the beginning" and "Towards the evening" (unofficially translated titles). There is also a production which has never been allowed to be broadcast, titled "Before and after the first Grand National Assembly". Dursun resigned from TRT in 1982, after 16 years of service.[5]
In 1987, Dursun was introduced to Doğu Perinçek, a self-proclaimed socialist politician with heavy nationalist undertones, who was the editor of the magazine 2000'e Doğru (Towards 2000). Dursun contributed to the magazine with a column titled "Din Bilgisi" (Knowledge of religion). He also wrote for other publications such as Saçak, Teori and Yüzyıl. He wrote countless books in the 1980s, including a Turkish translation of Ibn Khaldun's Muqaddimah, collating his vast knowledge of Islam and languages of the Middle East, opening the religion to internal criticism through the mass media, perhaps for the first time in the religion's history.[5]
Assassination Edit
On 4 September 1990,[1][6] shortly after leaving his home[1] in the Asian part of Istanbul on his way to work,[6] Dursun was assassinated by two[citation needed] gunmen. He was hit by seven bullets.[6]
Later it was discovered that many items were missing from Dursun's library shelves. A book was found on his bed entitled "the Holy Terror of Hizbullah" which, according to his relatives, did not belong to Dursun and had probably been left as a message by the terrorists. The police report did not mention any items missing.[citation needed]
As a result of the investigation, 15 suspects were arrested but they were immediately released after their first appearance in court.[7] In 1996, İrfan Çağırıcı was arrested, suspected of being involved in the assassination of Dursun, as well as the killing of journalist Çetin Emeç in March 1990 and the kidnapping of Akbar Ghorbani (the People's Mujahedin of Iran's representative in Ankara). It was reported at Çağırıcı's trial that he had links with the Iranian government and was trained in Iranian camps.[1] Çağırıcı (codenamed "Mesut") was a member of İslami Hareket Örgütü (English: "Islamic Movement Organisation" or "Islamic Action Group") and gave the order to murder Dursun for "humiliating the Quran". He was sentenced to death, and four co-defendants were imprisoned for life in July 2000;[7] upon appeal, Çağırıcı's death penalty was also converted to life imprisonment in March 2002.[8] However, the gunman who carried out the order, Muzaffer Dalmaz, is still at large abroad.[6]
With Alessandro Noselli out of the picture, the New York Cosmos are once again in the market for a striker.
That search has taken them to the fringes of Serie-B, where Caetano Calil has become an option.
EOS has learned the Brazilian forward trialed with the Cosmos last week. While sources tell us Caetano “looked good” in training, there is “nothing imminent” on a signing, despite Italian reports claiming an 18-month contract is in the works.
The 30-year-old striker comes from Serie-B bottom dweller A.S. Varese, where he made 26 appearances across all competitions, scoring two goals and two assists. Prior to that, Calil was a regular for Crotone, making 58 total appearances and scoring 20 goals for the mid-table side.
A son of both Italian and Brazilian parents, Calil has kept to both Brazil and Italy throughout his 12-year career, starting with Santos and Cruzeiro before moving on to Europe. He plays as a secondary striker or an attacking midfielder — both areas which can help unleash Mads Stokkelien up top.
Here is the striker in action:
Share:
LONDON - Inter Services Public Relations (ISPR) Director General Maj Gen Asif Ghafoor on Wednesday said that Pakistan Army will accept any verdict that comes in Panamagate case, reported private TV channels.
Talking to newsmein in London, he maintained that no matter what the verdict is, the decision will be accepted by everyone including the Army.
Maj Gen Asif Ghafoor claimed that the impact of Operation Raddul Fasad will soon come out. "The Army is the only army in the world that has defeated terrorism," he claimed. He said they have been working fast on ‘Madrassa Reforms' within Pakistan.
While talking about army chief's visit to UK, ISPR DG expressed that the overall visit was a successful one and that Pakistan has informed UK about its anti-Pakistan reservations.
He expressed that the war against terrorism was not our war at first.
Ghafoor revealed that the US used Pakistan in war against Russia, and Taliban were formed during that time, however the Americans went back without reforming the situation.
Ghafoor said that the appointment former army chief General Raheel Sharif as head of the 39-nation coalition of Muslim countries is a decision of the state. "Raheel Sharif's appointment to the Saudi-led military alliance is a decision of the state of Pakistan," said Ghafoor.
Ghafoor also revealed that the matter of General Raheel Sharif leading the coalition forces has been finalised; however he cleared that the Pakistani troops won't come out of the Saudi Arabian territory. He also said that the country wishes for better relationship with Iran and Saudi Arabia.
Ghafoor, while talking to media personnel, said Pakistan wishes for better relations with India and Afghanistan. "Pakistan does not want to create tensions in the region and does not believe in proxy wars," said DG ISPR.
Story by Peter Boyle, photos by Klaus.
On Sunday, October 10, 2010, (10-10-10, an auspicious date in Thailand and many other Asian countries) at the Democracy Monument in Bangkok there was another semi-spontaneous Red Shirt mass mobilisation built largely by word of mouth. An eyewitness estimated that up to 8000 people participated in this action to mark the victims of the April 10 military shooting of unarmed Red Shirt protesters in Bangkok.
The Democracy Monument has been the site of a number of mass democracy protests, notably one of the giant 1973 protests which brought down the military dictatorship of Field Marshal Thanom Kittikachorn.
According to “Klaus”, the person who took these pictures, news of the protest was communicated through social networks over the internet and through word of mouth “on the street”.
“Even on Saturday it was quite confusing and there were many contradictory rumours about what was going on the following day. Many Red Shirts had attended the concert organised by the United Front for Democracy (UDD – popularly known as the Red Shirts) in Imperial Lardphrao on Saturday evening and there I guess some coordinated their actions for the next day.”
“Gunn”, a person who works with the Red Sunday group led by Sombat Boonngamanong, confirmed that the Red Sunday group was one of several which cooperated in Sunday's event but, as at the 12,000-strong September 19 at Ratchaprasong Intersection, the big turnout was spontaneous.
“It is very difficult to estimate the real number of protesters”, Klaus explained. "The masses were moving and they occupied a large area around Democracy Monument. There were not as many as at Ratchaprasong on September 19 and my cautious estimate would be around 8000, maybe at its peak even 10,000.
“There was not just one leader. I saw more than a handful of different groups and leaders apart from Khun Sombat and Khun Khattiyaa (the late Maj Gen Khattiya's daughter). The UDD didn't seem to be involved at all. It proved the trend that the movement is gaining strong dynamics independently from the influence of the big players and people are playing more and more by the motto ‘every Red Shirt is his own leader'.
“The most obvious message was the remembrance of the victims of the violence on April 10 and the following weeks, and the frustration over the reluctance of the elitist government to take any form of responsibility for the massacres.
“Some groups concentrated on the demand for the release of the Red Shirts who are still in prison and who they regard as political prisoners.
“The mood was jubilant most of the time, with many groups dancing and cheering, but at the same time there were some tense moments. During mid-afternoon the shouting against the highest authority [insulting the monarchy is a jail offence in Thailand] was becoming more frequent and louder and people started to write graffiti onto the street. Some graffiti was again critical to this institution.
“Later the police presence increased and several rings of riot police occupied the area with the graffiti and they started to build two rings around the Democracy Monument. Some Red Shirts started to tie red ribbons around groups of riot police and posted red stickers onto their shields.
“Shortly before 5 pm tensions were rising as the police still expected the crowd to disperse by then and Khun Sombat was seen to negotiate with the police forces. They finally agreed on an extension until 6.30 to 7 pm. Around 6 pm the Red Shirts started to light candles around and on the monument and some red lanterns were left rising.
“By 6.30 the people started to go home peacefully.”
[Peter Boyle is a national convenor of the Socialist Alliance, which supports the Thai people's struggle for democracy.]
If you want to know what's really at stake in the gay marriage battle, read Cardinal George's latest column.
With his typical candor, the Chicago archbishop cuts through the clutter and identifies at least five key concerns that the gay marriage issue raises for Catholics:
1. On the prospect of legal gay marriage:
“[Gay marriage] is not inevitable. Cultural change can be redirected so that the long road to obtain respect that has been traveled by many homosexually oriented persons can be maintained without destroying the institution of natural marriage. Since the difference between men and women is different from racial difference, same-sex marriage is not a civil rights issue. A newly invented civil right cannot be used to destroy a moral good, lest society itself go into decline.”
2. On the decline of fatherhood and its tragic consequences:
“The upcoming celebration of Fathers' Day might serve as the occasion to appreciate anew the distinctive role of men in family and society. We all know that parents are not interchangeable. Fatherless families contribute to the violence that plagues us. An honest discussion of violence would take us beyond laws on gun control, important though that discussion is, to the disappearance of men from the institutions that develop their sense of responsibility and their desire to protect rather than destroy women and children.”
3. On the State overreaching its proper authority:
“We should be concerned as well about the State overreaching its proper authority, which is limited to the civil order. Neither the church nor the state “own” the institution of marriage. The state has a right to supervise but not to redefine an institution it did not create. This tendency for the government to claim for itself authority over all areas of human experience flows from the secularization of our culture. If God cannot be part of public life, then the state itself plays God. There are many paths to total state control of life — fascism, totalitarianism, communism. In the United States, the path is labeled ‘protection of individual rights.' “
4. On the role of Catholic politicians and the future plight of Catholics in society:
“Catholic politicians are complicit in secularizing our society when they reduce their religious beliefs to private opinions and promise that their religious faith will not influence their public life. This false dichotomy began when John Kennedy, fighting anti-Catholic prejudice in his campaign to be elected president, told Protestant ministers in Houston not to worry about his acting like a Catholic. Political figures who still claim to be Catholic but who systematically ignore Catholic moral and social teaching in public life cut themselves off from the communities that once nurtured them. How should faithful Catholics distinguish political pragmatism from betrayal?
“Are we to have a religious test for public office that excludes Catholics serious about their faith from appointment to federal judgeships? Are Catholics who will not perform abortions to be excluded from medical school? Are Catholics to be unwelcome in the editorial offices of major newspapers, in the entertainment world, or on university faculties unless they put their faith aside? In short, what began as a political device to get elected to office in a Protestant society can be used more broadly to exclude Catholics from any position of influence in public life. If Catholics are to be closeted and marginalized in a secularized society, Catholic parents should prepare their children to be farmers, carpenters and craftsmen, small business people and workers in service industries, honorable occupations that do not, however, immediately impact public opinion. Is this the future? That's a concern.”
5. On the lessons we can learn from history:
“We are now remembering Pope John XXIII 50 years after his death . Pope John was a good man who experienced a conversion of mind and heart because he talked to a rabbi from France. The rabbi explained to the pope the consequences of “the teaching of contempt” for the Jewish people. While official doctrine condemned overt persecution, Jews had suffered terribly from a contempt embedded for many generations in much of European culture. Its full consequence was the exclusion of Jews from public life in Germany and then their extermination in the Holocaust. The pope understood what the rabbi told him, and the relation between Catholics and Jews was given a new start. Today, listening to the public discussion on talk shows, watching television series and movies, overhearing influential conversations in offices and universities, which groups are most often discussed with open contempt? That, too, is a concern.”
Read the entire piece by Cardinal George here.
The views expressed here are those of the author, and do not necessarily represent the views of CatholicVote.org
A national myth is an inspiring narrative or anecdote about a nation's past. Such myths often serve as an important national symbol and affirm a set of national values. A national myth may sometimes take the form of a national epic or be incorporated into a civil religion. A group of related myths about a nation may be referred to as the national mythos from μῦθος the original Greek word for "myth".
A national myth is a legend or fictionalized narrative which has been elevated to a serious mythological, symbolic, and esteemed level so as to be true to the nation.[1] It might simply over-dramatize true incidents, omit important historical details, or add details for which there is no evidence; or it might simply be a fictional story that no one takes to be true literally,[2] but contains a symbolic meaning for the nation. The national folklore of many nations includes a founding myth, which may involve a struggle against colonialism or a war of independence. In many cases, the meaning of the national myth is disputed among different parts of the population.
In some places, the national myth may be spiritual in tone and refer to stories of the nation's founding at the hands of a God, several gods, leaders favored by gods, and other supernatural beings.
National myths serve many social and political purposes. National myths often exist only for the purpose of state-sponsored propaganda. In totalitarian dictatorships, the leader might be given, for example, a mythical supernatural life history in order to make him or her seem god-like and supra-powerful (see also cult of personality). However, national myths exist in every society. In liberal regimes they can serve the purpose of inspiring civic virtue and self-sacrifice (Miller 1995), or of consolidating the power of dominant groups and legitimizing their rule.
Background [ edit ]
National myths have been created and propagated by national intellectuals, who have used them as instruments of political mobilization on demographic bases such as ethnicity.[3]
Social background [ edit ]
The concept of national identity is inescapably connected with myths.[4] A complex of myths is at the core of every ethnic identity.[5] Some scholars believe that national identities, supported by invented histories, were constructed only after national movements and national ideologies emerged.[6]
All modern national identities were preceded by nationalist movements.[7] Although the term "nation" was used in the Middle Ages, it had totally different meaning than in the age of nationalism, where it was linked to the efforts aimed to creation of the nation-states.[8]
Psychological background [ edit ]
Besides their social background, nationalist myths have also a psychological explanation which is connected with nationalist myth of stable homeland community. The complexity of relations with the modern external world and incoherence of the inner psychological world can result with anxiety which is reduced by static self-labelling and self-construction and gaining an imaginary emotion of stability.[9]
Primary myths [ edit ]
Two of nationalism's primary myths are connected with beliefs in:[10]
community's permanence (the myth of the eternal nation), based on its national character, territory and institutions and on its continuity across many generations, and community's common ancestry (myth of the common ancestry).
The nationalist myths portray the nation as sleeping and waiting to be awakened, but scholarly discourse avoids such images because national identity either exists or not and can not be asleep and awakened.[11]
Consequences [ edit ]
Nationalist myths sometimes have a tendency to stimulate conflicts between nations,[12] to magnify distinctive characteristics of the national group and to overstate the threat to the nation posed by other groups propagating militant fulfilment of their goals.[13]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
India Overtakes Britain as the World's Sixth-Largest Economy
Score one for the post-colonial underdog. India's economy has reportedly overtaken the United Kingdom's for the first time in over 100 years, now standing as the world's sixth-largest economy by GDP after the United States, China, Japan, Germany, and France. The milestone is a symbol of India's rapid economic growth and, conversely, the U.K.'s post-Brexit slump.
Economically, it's been a banner year for India. In February, it surpassed China as the world's fastest-growing economy. And in October, the International Monetary Fund predicted India would retain that title for the foreseeable future; its GDP is projected to increase by 7.6 percent through 2017.
“India may have a large population base but this is a big leap,” Kiren Rijiju, India's minister of state for home affairs, said of the news earlier this week.
India's former colonial ruler, the United Kingdom, is projected to grow by only 1.8 percent in 2016 and 1.1 percent in 2017. Since it voted to leave the European Union in June, which could entail leaving the EU's lucrative common market, Britain's economy and currency have struggled.
India's economy benefitted from a global commodities price slump through large trade gains and lower-than-expected inflation, according to the IMF. And since elected in 2014, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has driven sweeping market reforms to spur economic growth.
But with growth spurts come growing pains. Many of the reforms, touching everything from creating unified national taxes to deregulating the agricultural industry's fertilizer pricing, have been incredibly complicated, as a report from the Center for Strategic and International Studies noted. And some controversial reforms have not gone smoothly.
Take the most recent currency reform, for example. In an effort to root out corruption and tax dodging, Modi announced in November that high denomination currency rupee notes (which comprise 86 percent of India's currency in circulation) would be taken out of circulation immediately. It was a drastic measure for a drastic problem in the world's second-most populous country; only 2 to 3 percent of Indians pay income tax because so many can hide their earnings with unaccounted-for cash, or “black money.”
Modi's move plummeted business transactions, interrupted salary payments, and caused infamously long waiting lines at banks nationwide as people went to withdraw cash. One man even died Tuesday while waiting in line at a bank.
Photo credit: Dan Kitwood/Getty Images
The Problem
I wrote recently about my thoughts on Guild Wars 2's new PvP system. Although ArenaNet have made some improvements, certainly in the area of attempting to deal with AFK players, the new Leaderboard is what is particularly concerning at the moment. I still have significant issues with the fact your MMR is hidden as well as solo and team queues having been merged, but the Leaderboard is inevitably the attraction for many with long term PvP ambitions.
When the new PvP update went live, I played for several days with friends. I managed to reach rank 70 on the Leaderboard and with Christmas fast approaching, decided to take a break away from the game, like most people, to visit family. When I returned I was out of the top 1000 and back onto percentages. Although I expected to have dropped in the rankings, I wasn't expecting it to be to that degree and unlike in the previous system, climbing back into the top 1000 has proved very difficult.
I'm a big believer in the fact that players shouldn't have to spend every waking moment to compete in PvP. While I would always recommend players to practice as much as possible to improve their play, I don't believe that a core component of being the best on any Leaderboard, irrespective of game, should boil down to time played. In its current form the Point accrual system for ranking now directly rewards those who play the most, irrespective of whether they're a good or bad player.If you play infrequently or miss several days of play, you won't necessary drop down the rankings because your win percentage ratio has changed but instead simply because those around you have played more, and secured more points. Those individuals could have a worse win percentage than you and yet they'd still pass you by due to your absence. As a result, you're forced to play almost daily to retain your rating and secure Points.
The ladder ranking system attempts to place emphasis on your teams chances of winning when a match is found and reward you based on your success, not necessarily your outcome. If you've a 0-19% chance of winning and your team manages to secure 300 points or more, you'll obtain 1 point. If you were to win a match when your probability of success is so low, you'd secure 3 points. Unsurprisingly, there are quite a few problems with this system. The first is that you've no idea what your chances of winning are when you join a match. In most cases it quickly becomes apparent, especially if you're getting crushed or dominating the opponent: sadly there are too few games when it's an even pairing. In addition, at the end of a match you've no idea how many Points you were awarded or if you should have even beaten your opponent. This leaves you never knowing until the clunky browser based Leaderboard updates.
Technically and because of this system, you could lose every single match but if your team secures enough score based on the mysterious odds of winning, you'll still obtain Points. If you play often and even if your win percentage is poor, you'll still surpass someone on the Leaderboard who wins regularly but plays little. What I found when my Rank deteriorated was that it was purely because I'd played fewer games, not that those surpassing me had higher win percentages. The short break I took from the game has taken me days upon days of play just to get back to rank 400 and I'm still hundreds of Points behind those in the top 50. It's near impossible for me to ever catch them unless I were to disregard the need to eat, sleep and use the toilet.
It's without question the biggest flaw in the Leaderboard design and while I suspect it's intended to ensure players continue to login, it completely undermines competitive play. Players shouldn't have to flog themselves silly to reach the top in terms of raw games played. Instead they should want to ensure each game they play is a win and importantly, meaningful. As it currently stands you shrug off a loss, requeue and know that it's about Points rather than your win percentage. That seems backwards to me but fortunately for ArenaNet, it's a test season.
a possible Solution
If we're to stick with the Points system, what I'd like to see is for the Leaderboard to be split into two. The first and continuous Leaderboard would be renamed “Ranked Leaderboard” and would simply keep track of players as it does now, based on Points gained. The second Leaderboard would be active only when a PvP Season starts. Similarly to a Football or Soccer league, there would be a set number of games that you can play during the Season. Let's call it 100 matches. During a PvP Season every Ranked match that you play, until the 100 are complete, will contribute towards your “Season Leaderboard” position. Once those 100 have been played, your Season is complete and the result locked in. Future played matches would only contribute towards your “Ranked Leaderboard” position. If the Season ends without you having completed 100 matches, you would be ranked based on what you had completed.
By doing this it would ensure that players participating in PvP during a Season don't feel pressured to play every single day to keep up, while it would add emphasis to matches played. Rewards would be based on the Season leaderboard while the Ranked Leaderboard would act solely as a barometer for a personal record of continued play.
Without a change such as this the Leaderboard is forever going to be nothing more than a time sink as opposed to one that truly represents a players skill in structured PvP. Currently at Rank 400, for me to reach the top spot I would need to obtain 308 points. Even if I won every game, to the point where it was +3 per win, it would still take 102 additional games or 25 hours of solid play. Worse, that's also on the basis that those around me don't play and/or win.
A Leaderboard should represent player skill over a set period of time and as it currently stands, the Guild Wars 2 Leaderboard is failing pretty miserably.
UPDATED: On Wednesday TechCrunch posted a long and bruising article about the popular but financially challenged streaming service SoundCloud, citing inside sources who attended an all-hands meeting wherein cofounder Alexander Ljung reportedly said that the company only had enough money to survive until the fourth quarter of this year — which begins in 50 days.
In a brief statement a rep for SoundCloud took issue with an “extensive number of inaccuracies” in the article, although it only specified and commented on ones regarding funding and layoffs, and went on to say that the company is confident that last week's layoffs and office closings “put us on our path to profitability and ensure SoundCloud's long-term viability.”
The statement follows in full:
“There are a number of inaccuracies within the TechCrunch article. They seem to stem from a misinterpretation of information by one or two laid off employees during a recent all hands meeting. Due to the extensive number of inaccuracies, we will only comment regarding funding and layoffs. To clarify, SoundCloud is fully funded into the fourth quarter. We continue to be confident the changes made last week put us on our path to profitability and ensure SoundCloud's long-term viability. In terms of layoffs, it is our policy not to discuss individual employee cases, but we can share we continue to work with all employees who were let go to support them during this transition, with employment and financial assistance.”
Two hours after this article was published, TechCrunch's Josh Constine, who wrote the article, sent Variety the following response, which reads in full:
“SoundCloud has clumsily attempted to refute our TechCrunch article on its financial and morale problems by issuing a statement to Variety saying our post contains ‘extensive inaccuracies,' yet its supposed ‘corrections' simply repeat what we did publish, and refute something we didn't publish. SoundCloud writes ‘SoundCloud is fully funded into the fourth quarter,' which is the same quote we already included from its PR. SoundCloud writes ‘we continue to work with all employees who were let go to support them during this transition, with employment and financial assistance,' but we never said it wouldn't support these employees, merely that it uprooted people's lives by hiring them and then laying them off weeks later. TechCrunch stands by its reporting.”
Audi A3 and VW Polo taken from driveway after owners leave engine running and keys in ignition.
Police are warning motorists against leaving their vehicles unattended after two cars were stolen from their owners' driveway while they defrosted.
A white Audi A3 and VW Polo were taken from an address in New Carron in Falkirk at around 7am on Tuesday.
The owners had left the cars unattended with the engines running and keys in the ignition.
Inspector Paul Rollo from Police Scotland said: “As it starts to get colder over night, drivers are often tempted to leave the engine running while they wait for their cars to defrost.
“However drivers should be mindful not to leave their cars unattended while doing so as it's an opportunity for theft. But I'd also remind people not to challenge anyone if they are caught attempting to steal a car, but instead report to Police Scotland immediately.”
Anyone with information on these thefts should contact Police Scotland on 101, or make an anonymous report through the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Feedback: We want your feedback on our site. If you've got questions, spotted an inaccuracy or just want to share some ideas about our news service, please email us on web@stv.tv.
Download: The STV News app is Scotland's favourite and is available for iPhone from the Apple Store and for Android from Google Play. Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are.
Join in: For debate, chat, comment and more, join our communities on the STV News Facebook page or follow @STVNews on Twitter.
(TibetanReview.net, Apr27, 2015) – At least 20 people were reported dead, four missing, and 58 injured in Chinese ruled Tibet as a result of a devastating earthquake which hit Nepal on Apr 25, reported China's official Xinhua news agency Apr 27. Besides, 1,191 houses and a temple had collapsed, while 5,828 houses and 54 temples had suffered some damage. Altogether, more than 200,000 people had been affected by the earthquake.
A massive earthquake, whose magnitude was placed by different sources at between 7.8 and 8.1 points on the Richter scale, struck Nepal at 2:11 pm (Beijing Time), followed by a second 7.0-magnitude quake at 2:45 pm. The quake occurred in an area east of Pokhara, Nepal's second biggest city, located 50 kilometres from Chinese ruled Tibet's border and 80 kilometres from Nepal's capital Kathmandu. The number of those confirmed to have been killed by the biggest earthquake to hit Nepal in the last more than 80 years reach 2,218 by early Apr 27 morning, whil,e over 6,000 were injured.
China's online Tibet news service eng.tibet.cn Apr 26 reported that a number of counties in Tibet were hit by the earthquake, including Nyalam, Gyirong (Tibetan: Kyirong), Tingri (Dingri), Saga, Zhongba (Drongpa), Yadong (Yatung or Dromo), Lhaze, and Burang (Purang) in Ngari, Shigatse, Gyantse, Lhoka, and Nyingtri prefectures along the Himalayan belt bordering Nepal and India.
Nyalam and Kyirong were apparently the most severely affected on the Tibetan side. China's official Chinadaily.com.cn reported Apr 26 that some 7,000 people had been relocated in the county of Nyalam while about 5,000 had been evacuated in the county of Kyirong. Xinhua said that a total of 24,800 people were rellocated in Shigaqtse prefecture, which included the above two countries. Six of the dead and 17 of the injured were reported to be from Kyirong. Among the four missing in Nyalam, one was from Nepal.
Fifty-four temples were reported to have sustained damages in Shigatse, with no reports of casualty as of Apr 26 morning.
The roads from Shigatse to the Nyalam county seat and from there to Tibet's border town of Zham (Dram) near Nepal's border were reported to be severely damaged, hampering rescue and humanitarian efforts.
There were aftershock quakes in Tibet too. China's official media reports said a 5.9-magnitude quake shook Dingri County of Shigatse at 5:17 pm on Apr 25 while a 5.3-magnitude quake had shaken Nyalam County at 1:42 am the same day.
Numerous landmarks and heritage sites were severely damaged or destroyed, including the globally popular ancient Buddhist site of the Baudhanath stupa. The earthquake also caused deaths, injuries and damages in some of the Himalayan border states of India. More than 60 were reported to have died in India.
If the federal government goes through with its proposed crackdown on tax planning through private corporations, doctors who take a hit on their paycheques could make things harder for provincial governments trying to keep their healthcare budgets under control.
Although the proposed changes would affect many professions that see high rates of incorporation, doctors argue their situation is special because of their relationship to the publicly-funded health system.
Every few years, a team of provincial negotiators sits down with that province's doctors' association to hammer out an agreement on the rates paid to physicians for various procedures and services. Both sides have occasionally agreed not to raise those fees, under the justification that provinces give doctors access to substantial income tax breaks by allowing them to incorporate.
“For us, the right to incorporate was given in lieu of the fact that we weren't going to increase the tariffs and the rates,” said Dr. Manoj Vohra, president of Doctors Nova Scotia.
“Physicians can't increase their fees like other small businesses may be able to … What will happen is we will be having discussions with the province to say, somewhere, physicians have to be able to recoup the losses that they're going to incur to literally run their practices.”
If professional corporations cease to exist in the form that we have now, then obviously we're going to have to explore other options to keep our businesses sustainable. Alberta Medical Association President Dr. Padraic Carr
Dr. Trina Larsen Soles, the Doctors of B.C. president, said the tax breaks have been a factor in their negotiations even though the ability to incorporate there wasn't initially set up as a concession on fees.
“You negotiate in a particular structure,” she said. “Essentially it is, ‘Well, you don't need this particular fee increase or that to be funded, because you can incorporate.'”
Alberta Medical Association President Dr. Padraic Carr echoed those sentiments.
“Professional corporations have been factored into our provincial negotiation and our relationships with government and physicians, some of it formally and some of it informally,” he said.
“If professional corporations cease to exist in the form that we have now, then obviously we're going to have to explore other options to keep our businesses sustainable with the master agreement.”
Health spending is the largest component of provincial budgets, and doctors' fees make up a big portion of that spending. For example, last year's $134-billion Ontario budget booked $51.8 billion in health spending, of which $11.5 billion was expected to be physician compensation.
Keeping a lid on fees is a key method by which provincial governments try to control healthcare spending and balance their budgets. However, the provinces would get some increased tax revenue from the proposed changes, which could soften the blow of a fee hike. Other benefits could also be negotiated in lieu of a fee hike to replace the lost tax savings.
Incorporating provides various benefits for doctors running a practice, but the tax advantages alone are a huge incentive. Tax guides show doctors can save tens of thousands of dollars annually through methods such as naming family members as shareholders, and then splitting their income to avoid the highest tax bracket.
Supporters of the tax changes point out that about a third of doctors in Canada remain unincorporated, and even for the incorporated ones, the benefits go disproportionately to the wealthiest who have more income to shelter.
The federal government's changes would curb the ways that private corporations can be used as a tax shelter, including new rules around growing investment income inside a corporation, converting dividend income into capital gains and splitting income among family members.
The proposal, announced on July 18 and now going through a 75-day consultation period, has been enormously controversial in the medical community.
Doctors have railed against it, but the Canadian Nurses Association and the Canadian Association of Social Workers have both come out in support of the proposal. The CNA, which represents 139,000 registered nurses, has faced a backlash from some of its members who said they weren't consulted and don't agree, but it has stood by its position.
The outcry from doctors across the country is being compounded by local tensions: in Nova Scotia, it's the province's issues with doctor recruitment and retention; in Ontario, it's a bitter dispute over fee reductions; in B.C., it's an ongoing reform of primary care delivery.
Despite the backlash, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Finance Minister Bill Morneau have said they fully intend to go through with the changes, though there may be some adjustments in response to the consultation.
In an interview this week with the National Post, Morneau said the provincial arrangements around incorporation are not a good method of compensating doctors, and since provinces set these deals up in the first place, it's now up to them to adapt.
“I think that's an important discussion provinces should have with doctors,” he said. “We're not going to create a tax code that considers compensation for certain professional groups as its objective. It needs to be a system that doesn't provide particular advantages for professionals and wealthy individuals to reduce their tax.”
Provincial governments are still studying the proposal, and will likely send submissions to the government on it by the Oct. 2 consultation deadline. Most of them declined comment for this story.
In Ontario, sensitive negotiations on a new deal got underway just last week, following years of acrimony between the government and the doctors' association.
Though he wouldn't speak to the specific negotiation, as both sides have agreed on a media blackout, Ontario Medical Association President Dr. Shawn Whatley acknowledged the tax changes could be troublesome and said he raised the issue with Premier Kathleen Wynne in early August.
“This is the last thing we need right now,” he said. “We're coming to the end of three and a half years without a contract, numerous rounds of cuts. And then to have this thrown into the mix? It's just unnecessary, it makes things so much more difficult at the provincial level.”
• Email: bplatt@postmedia.com | Twitter: btaplatt
Reason number 5,000,000,000 to wish you'd gone to MIT... There's a great article in MIT News Magazine about the MIT Science Fiction Society, with its incredibly awesome library. Which started with a wooden crate dragged between dorm rooms in 1949 and is now a massive storehouse of awesome.
According to one chemistry grad student, D.W. Rowlands, "We have complete runs of almost every science fiction magazine dating back to the 1920s. Our library keeps growing. It's a good problem to have, but it's exhausting." The titles include everything you'd expect, but also some obscure stuff, including fanzines — and some 1950s science fiction erotica that's kept out of view.
Advertisement
The President of the society is called the Skinner, after former president L. Court Skinner. The Treasurer is called the Lady High Embezzler, and the Honorable Secretary is the Onseck.
According to MIT News:
The current-day MITSFS is open about 40 hours per week and holds weekly meetings, usually on Friday evenings, that members admit usually feature very little business. Each meeting begins with the clanking of a two-foot steel wrench onto a massive slab of titanium, and each member of the society, collectively known as Star Chamber, can vote up to four times (once per limb) on any issues brought to poll... In addition to a near-overflow of books, the library's shelves are strewn with bizarre trinkets, including a collection of randomly placed toy bananas that no current member can explain. "MITSFS has a lot of inside jokes that predate current students and, it seems, most alumni," Rowlands says. "We definitely have an obsession with bananas, but no one seems to know why."
Advertisement
Now don't you feel slightly sad about your own alma mater, by comparison? [MIT News]
The CEO of Anthem, one of the nation's largest insurers, has sent a letter to the GOP chairman of two committees in which he backs major elements of a GOP plan to replace Obamacare. From Politico:
Anthem, in a letter obtained by POLITICO, endorsed major parts of the repeal bill, known as the American Health Care Act, and urged lawmakers to move the process forward “as quickly as possible.”… Anthem expressed support for bill provisions that would repeal Obamacare's health insurance tax, temporarily continue the law's cost-sharing subsidies, and allow customers to receive tax credits off the Obamacare exchanges.
Modern Healthcare reports the letter from Anthem also says, “The American Health Care Act addresses the challenges immediately facing the individual market and will ensure more affordable health plan choices for consumers in the short term.”
Anthem's letter stands in contrast to a letter sent to congressional leaders Wednesday by America's Health Insurance Plans (AHIP). AHIP's letter called for changes in the GOP's proposed replacement plan. From Modern Healthcare:
Marilyn Tavenner, CEO of America's Health Insurance Plans, said in a letter to House leaders that the bill should be revised to offer premium tax credits that factor in both the age and income of a health plan member. She wrote that there should be larger subsidies for individuals with incomes between 100% and 400% of the federal poverty level. “Tax credits related to age as well as income will help ensure that more people stay covered, and are the most efficient and effective way to allocate tax-payer dollars,” she wrote.
Anthem is the nation's 2nd largest insurer and currently offers plans in 14 states. Anthem's CEO warned last year that the company would reconsider selling plans on Obamacare's exchanges in 2018 unless the market improved in 2017. “The financial performance in individual ACA compliant products has been disappointing as membership has been short of our original expectations,” CEO Joseph Swedish said in November. That was before open enrollment numbers on the federal exchange came in lower than last year.
Last month, a proposed merger between leading insurers Anthem and Cigna appeared to collapse on the same day a similar merger between Aetna and Humana ended. At the time, Cigna announced it was abandoning the merger but Anthem argued Cigna did not have the right to do so unilaterally. The Obama Justice Department had sued to prevent both mergers.
Jan Ullrich's former director sportif Rudy Pévenage says he was "shocked" after reading the details in USADA's reasoned decision report. Pévenage was considered to be Ullrich's mentor during his career before both rider and team manager were fired from T-Mobile following after their involvement in Operación Puerto. Related Articles Pevenage confirms Ullrich-Fuentes meetings
Pévenage confesses to Operación Puerto involvement
Ullrich: Doubt, depression and physical problems after doping case
Ullrich alludes to doping era in cycling
USADA's reasoned decision on Lance Armstrong follows the money trail
Report: Cancellara critical of Bruyneel and Armstrong
Pévenage previously admitted his involvement in assisting Jan Ullrich's visits to Dr. Eufemiano Fuentes in preparation for the German's 2006 Tour bid however, his connection with the infamous doctor goes back to the days when Pévenage was racing.
"The rivalry pushed us to give it everything to try and beat him," Pévenage told L'Equipe in 2010. "With all the money he earned, Jan could not afford to be beaten. He was stressed out by the pressure and even put on weight because of that. Stress poisoned his career."
In light of USADA's report Nieuwsblad reports Pévenage now compares his methods "petty compared to the gangsters surrounding Armstrong". In addition Pévenage believes the real change came about when Johan Bruyneel arrived.
"It surprised me how far the team of Armstrong went. It was also strange that they could use EPO and continue working while we were all strictly controlled. Everything changed with the arrival of Bruyneel.
"I had a really difficult time when Ullrich and I were pulled from the peloton," Pévenage added. "If you see that the others just continue, you ask sometimes why you are at home on the couch.
"The fate of Bruyneel is now up to the UCI. I wonder how long he can continue to deny. I would be really surprised if he still has a future in racing."
The extended version of the Arrowstorm commercial featuring Devon Sawa.
Devon Sawa, pictured in the above Nerf commercial, recently revealed some interesting info about the Nerf commercials he used to be in an interview with AV Club. Devon Sawa also had roles in Final Destination and the music video for Eminem's Stan.
AVC: When you were the Nerf spokesperson, did you get free Nerf toys?
DS: I got boxes and boxes and boxes. And here's the thing: These weren't just regular Nerf guns. The prop guys and the special-effects guys would put bigger springs in them. They were these hyped-up Nerf toys for the commercials. I hope I'm not going to get in trouble for saying that. But they were altered to shoot farther and harder, and I would come home with boxes of them. Boxes of footballs, boxes of these Nerf guns. I was the cool kid on the block. We'd actually have Nerf battles in the old neighborhood that looked like the commercials, with all the kids flying around shooting guns. It was pretty epic.
Personally, I don't think this is too much of a big deal. First, we have to realize that the product and commercial came out almost two decades ago. The 90s were a very different time. Technology as a whole was not up to par as it is now. I'm assuming that they used stronger springs to make the blasters fire faster and farther, which in turn would cut down the work on post editing.
Also, who knows who was calling the higher up shots then? I'm assuming they could have had a different CEO in the 90s then they do now. Some of the company is probably run by different people now in 2012. Although I'm not sure as to why they gave Devon the modded toys, probably the only part that I might questionable about.
Whatever, what do you think about this piece of news? Thanks to My Last Dart for sending me the article. Click here to watch the extended, but lower quality version of the commercial.
Advertisements
Twitter user @soIoucity has become an Internet sensation since his hilarious live-tweeted introduction to playoff hockey went viral during Monday night's Chicago Blackhawks-St. Louis Blues Game 7.
Two nights later, the man known at Tony X. crossed paths with a member of Hockey Twitter's Mount Rushmore: Florida Panthers goalie Roberto Luongo.
It began with this tweet from Tony, who sounds fascinated by the habits of goaltenders.
goalies gotta be the most paranoid ppl on the planet. — Tony X. (@soIoucity) April 28, 2016
Less than an hour later, Luongo, who operates one of the best athlete Twitter accounts in all pro spots, came out of blue with a response. A back-and-forth followed, with the veteran netminder delivering one line in particular that's sure to make Boston Bruins fans chuckle.
You don't know the half of it Tone… Can I call you Tone? https://t.co/88Ba7nS5Vn — Strombone (@strombone1) April 28, 2016
@soIoucity more like started from the bottom now we still here…but I like your enthusiasm. Give it some time. That will change — Strombone (@strombone1) April 28, 2016
The “2011 SCF” is, of course, the 2011 Stanley Cup Final, during which the Bruins knocked off Luongo's Vancouver Canucks in seven games. Though Luongo posted two shutouts in the series, he was torched in each of Boston's four wins, allowing a total of 21 goals and twice being pulled in favor of backup Cory Schneider.
But hey, at least he has a sense of humor about it.
Thumbnail photo via Eric Bolte/USA TODAY Sports Images
Thumbnail photo via Florida Panthers goalie Roberto Luongo
I absolutely love hearing stories about the wonders marijuana is doing for kids all over the world. It seems most the stories I have read are about children who suffer from seizures on a daily basis, and the results of these children being treated with marijuana have been absolutely incredible for them.
This time around KPTV reports on an Oregon family in Eugene, who has turned to marijuana to treat their son, Alex Echols. Alex not only has seizures, but he is severely autistic as well.
Jeremy Echols, the boy's father has described it a horrifying experience. Jeremy and his wife say only 6 weeks after Alex was born he had his first seizure. “When you've got no other options, are you honestly gonna say no?” said Echols.
The boy's self-destructive behavior is caused by Tuberous Scelosis. The genetic disorder is so rare it only affects around 50,000 people in the United States – causing unregulated growth of non-malignant tissue in organs. As a result, Alex suffers from seizures and autism.
By the time he was 5 years old, Alex's behavior had become increasingly worse, which his parents had videotaped to show the doctors just how bad his self-inflicted injuries were.
Alex would regularly head butt anything in sight. At one point, the poor little guy had bruised his forehead so badly, blood had drained down his face until it was black and blue. His parents even tried a helmet to protect his head at one point. And like many other stories, the typical mood-altering prescription drugs Alex was given proved to be an unsuccessful treatment.
By the time he was eight years old, they family had no cohice but to put him into a state-funded group home. I couldn't imagine how devastating this was for the Echols.
“It was like we were throwing him away, like we were giving him to somebody else and saying, ‘Sorry buddy, you're not part of the family anymore,'” he said. “It was pretty rough.”
And then in 2009 they got the break they needed, when a TV news story caught their attention. The story was about a California woman who had great success treating her autistic son with medical marijuana. They quickly got approved for Oregon's medical marijuana program in 2010.
And like so many success stories I have read, within a few months after trying pot brownies and butter for cookies, the boy had dramatically improved.
“He went from being completely, yelling, screaming, bloodying his face, to within an hour, hour and a half, he would be playing with toys, using his hands,” his father said. “Something that at that time was almost unheard of.”
While the group home he resides at will not treat Alex with marijuana, his parents give him a liquid form by mouth about three times a week outside of the home.
There is no Oregon law requiring a doctor to monitor the dosage, so it is completely up to the parents. It's interesting to note the boy's neurologist had no idea the treatment was available, until he was told about it.
With so many success stories, it's obvious marijuana is changing lives for the better across the globe… So it's interesting to note in this story The American Academy of Pediatrics has circulated a resolution that opposes the use of medical marijuana in children.
Dr. Sharon Levy, who is an assistant professor pediatrics at Boston's Children's Hospital argues weed is toxic to children's developing brains, and says the drugs long-term effects are unknown.
This I do know, we have suppressed the benefits of marijuana for far too long now, and we can no longer ignore the fact it is one of the most amazing plants on Earth. With so much coming to light now finally, it's nice to see more people awakening to the fact that it may not be the evil drug the government has led us to believe for so long now.
If you'd like to follow the Ale'x journey on Facebook, don't miss their blog at www.facebook.com/alex.autism.rage.mmj.
Source: KPTV
FLINT, MI -- City residents should be warned of the potential risk of increased lead in drinking water when crews do underground work that could dislodge scale and sediment in water pipes, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency told the city and state Wednesday, Nov. 4.
A final report from the EPA regarding high lead levels in drinking water at three homes in Flint warns of the danger, not only of lead leaching directly into water from lead service lines leading to individual homes, but for lead to have spread to pipes made of other materials, such as galvanized pipe or interior plumbing.
"(The) presence of lead pipes over many years has likely resulted in the accumulation of lead in the scales within non-lead pipes downstream of the lead pipe and physical disturbances to (either) portions of the service lines have the potential to release large amounts of scale and sediment that could pose an immediate and acute health hazard to the residents," the report said.
A cover letter on the EPA report said it was sent to the state Department of Environmental Quality and the city of Flint.
Both Brad Wurfel, a spokesman for the DEQ, and Flint Public Works Director Howard Croft said they had not yet reviewed the new EPA report and could not comment on it immediately.
Marc Edwards, a professor from Virginia Tech university, said the EPA report is not surprising, confirming previous studies that have warned of the effect of disturbing water pipes where lead has built up in scale and sediment.
In the case of Flint's water transmission system, the problem is especially serious because of the large number of lead service lines and the failure to treat Flint River water to make it less corrosive.
Although the city was reconnected to the Detroit water system last month after researchers found increasing lead levels in Flint water and in the blood of infants and children in the city, the city's use of corrosive river water contributed to the potential for scale and sediment containing lead to break free from pipes and enter tap water, Edwards said.
DEQ Director Dan Wyant last month said his agency mistakenly never required Flint to treat river water to make it less corrosive because it followed the wrong federal regulations for the water system.
Edwards said the report on Flint's lead-in-water crisis could help lay the groundwork for new federal regulation on partial replacement of lead service lines and protocols for disturbance of water lines containing lead.
The EPA letter said its report on lead in Flint water is being sent to the National Drinking Water Advisory Council for discussion during its upcoming meeting later this month.
It suggests that underground extraction and handling procedures be developed by the federal government that would minimize the potential for disturbing lead in water lines.
"I think it's a big admission that these lead pipes are dangerous," Edwards said of the potential for large releases of scale and sediment containing lead when pipes are disturbed.
The EPA report said that, even with corrosion control having been returned to Flint's water system after 17 months, "physical disturbances will be capable of dislodging the high-lead bearing scale and sediment from non-lead pipes as well as lead pipes. ..."
"At a minimum, immediate training and public education on the potential risks posed by physical disturbances to service lines should be developed by communications experts and provided to residents, community groups, elected officials, health departments, pediatricians and gynecologists, water and non-water utilities, plumbing organizations and contractors," the report said.
"Residents should be notified of scheduled work by water and non-water utilities and informed of the potential risk of increased lead levels due to these disturbances."
A public health emergency was declared for Flint last month after Edwards' researchers and a Hurley Medical Center doctor found rising lead levels in the city since Flint began using river water that had not been treated to reduce corrosion.
Reviews of the actions that led to the spike in lead levels have already been initiated at the local, state and national levels.
Health officials have advised city residents to continue using lead-clearing water filters, thousands of which have been distributed in the city, to combat lead in the water supply.
Photo
A swath of bedrock in northern Quebec may be the oldest known piece of the earth's crust.
In an article appearing in Friday's issue of the journal Science, scientists report that portions of that bedrock are 4.28 billion years old, formed when the earth was less than 300 million years old.
“These rocks paint this picture of an early earth that looked pretty much like the modern earth,” said Richard W. Carlson of the Carnegie Institution of Washington and one of the authors of the paper.
Other scientists are intrigued, but not yet entirely convinced that the rocks are quite that old.
“There is a certain amount of healthy skepticism that needs to play a role here,” said Stephen J. Mojzsis, a professor of geological sciences at the University of Colorado. Dr. Mojzsis said the new research was well done, but that he thought these were younger sedimentary rocks, pressed together out of the remnants of earlier rocks that were indeed 4.28 billion years old.
“I hope that I'm wrong,” Dr. Mojzsis said. “If that happens, I believe there will be a land rush by geologists to northern Quebec.”
Photo
At present, the oldest dated rocks are in the Canadian Northwest, at 4.03 billion years old. Geologists have also found older bits of the earth: tiny, zircon crystals as old as 4.36 billion years old, embedded within younger rocks in Western Australia. The age of the earth is more than 4.5 billion years.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Radioactive elements trapped within zircons provide precise ages, but Dr. Carlson and his collaborators at McGill University and the University of Quebec have not found any zircons in the Quebec bedrock. Instead, they determined the age of the rocks from the amounts of neodymium and samarium, two rare earth elements.
14 Dec 2017
Life as a Medical Student: 12 Things You Really Have to Know
|
180 comments
Being a medical student will involve working harder than you've ever worked in your life – but chances are, it'll also involve having more fun than you've ever had before. There are plenty of off-putting myths about being a medical student, but in reality it's enjoyable, interesting and highly rewarding, especially in light of what you're working towards. In this article I will describe 12 things about being a medical student that I hope will reassure and excite you about the prospect of studying medicine.
1. You will be able to use what you learn for the rest of your life
This might seem like a fairly trivial point, but it should not be overlooked. The truth for many courses is that you are only really studying in order to pass your exams and once you have managed this the information which you have tried so hard to learn is largely useless to you. This is very much not the case in medicine, with areas of study including anatomy, physiology, biochemistry, pharmacology and pathology all being directly applicable in diagnosing, understanding and treating a disease. Not only is this a great incentive to learn the core course material well, in order that you will be a competent doctor, it is also an incentive to go beyond the basic lecture material and satisfy your curiosity about what you have been taught. As a medic this extra detail could one day be put into practice in a clinical situation and could make a crucial difference to a patient. When you are studying medicine you are not just studying for the next exam but taking the first steps on a course of lifelong learning, building your basis of professional knowledge throughout your medical career.
2. Sometimes it's hard work
Studying medicine comes with a certain expectation to work harder on average than most other students. There are generally more contact hours than other subjects (this year I have a 9-5 day every Friday) with practicals and lectures taking up a great deal of time. Of course it's not just the contact hours when you are working: lecture notes need to be read over, essays have to be written, practicals should be prepared for and keeping on top of it all can be a challenge. This is especially the case as your work load will vary from week to week, sometimes being set a great deal of work and sometimes having a whole week with very little to do. Therefore it's important to be flexible with how you work and appreciate that sometimes you will have to put in a long stint of work in order to have the time off when you need it.
There's also a reasonable amount of pressure on to pass exams. In most subjects other than medicine what you are really studying and aiming for is the best grade possible. Obviously this is true to an extent in medicine, but there is an additional challenge, which is the very high pass marks for the “2nd MB” exams, the ones you have to pass in order to become a doctor. By being passed in these you are essentially being certified as competent enough in a subject area to continue towards a professional medical career. Passing these exams can often require cramming a great deal of knowledge in a small space of time and this can be stressful, but the reward after exams is a long summer to enjoy. Medicine can be challenging, but…
3. It's not all hard work!
Don't panic, medicine can be challenging but you'll still have plenty of time to enjoy being an undergraduate, an experience that many people say is the best time of their life. The level of work in the course is such that you will have time to make the most out of other activities at university, such as sports, music and the huge range of other societies that are on offer at university. All that you need to do in order to manage these other activities is be efficient with the time you spend working; don't spend a whole afternoon watching YouTube videos if you know you have a music rehearsal that evening. University is about a lot more than simply gaining a degree, you will learn a lot about yourself and other people and hopefully build yourself into someone who is capable of being a good doctor.
4. Being a medical student isn't all about studying medicine
All these activities that you can do in your spare time aren't just about having fun, however. While the main reason you do them is to enjoy yourself and take your mind off work they are actually very important in your “personal development”. This is, as mentioned above, working on skills that are outside the scope of academic study but are still vital to being an effective doctor. For example, by taking part in music or theatre you will become accustomed to performing in front of a large crowd of people and as a consequence if you ever have to present at a conference or even to a team of your colleagues, you will be able to stand up with confidence and say what you need to.
Equally, playing in a sports team will help you function with other people, some of whom you may have a personality clash with or strongly differ in opinions. You become used to a position of responsibility, with other people relying on you to perform your role, sometimes under pressure. Sports and societies also provide an opportunity to take a leadership and organisational role, which once again will become very important in a clinical context, whether it is organising ward staff or running a practice as a GP. Medicine is a career in which it is vital to emerge from university as a functional person who is capable of interacting well with others. This will not be achieved by sitting in your room every evening and studying the lecture notes: there is an important balance to be struck between working and having a life.
5. Studying anatomy involves more than looking at pictures
Anatomy can be rather full-on, especially at traditional institutions such as Cambridge, where throughout the course of your first year you dissect a “subject” who has decided to donate their body to training medical students. This means getting involved with a scalpel yourself and doing what can occasionally be a rather unpleasant task. Some people might be really excited by the idea of getting stuck in and having a really practical course in anatomy, but for those who don't you shouldn't panic. Most other universities use only pre-prepared dissections (prosections), which you will still have to learn the structures of and examine, but without necessarily getting your hands dirty.
6. You will make some of your closest friends studying medicine
Make sure you take the time to make the most of the people you're at university with. They don't necessarily have to be medics; many people become very close with people in their sports team or society, but medics do seem to end up hanging around together. Unfortunately this can sometimes lead to slightly geeky “medic chat” where before you know what's happening you end up discussing what happened in the morning's lectures, or how you found last week's practical. This can be a good way to remind yourself what happened in the lecture earlier (no one can concentrate all the way through a full one hour lecture), but sometimes it's just light-hearted discussion about which lecturer makes it very hard to stay awake!
7. Studying medicine brings you up to date with the latest medical research
For those of you who are really interested in the biological sciences, studying medicine is a great opportunity to be brought very close to the frontier of current scientific knowledge, beyond what you will find in textbooks. Your lecturers are all actively involved in their field of interest and as such it is part of their job to stay up to date with all the latest advances and studies that are going on in that area. Therefore they can teach things well before they are published in textbooks and make you aware of very up-to-date and relevant research papers. Be it the latest cell reproduction pathways associated with tumours or the most recently discovered ion channels in the heart, you will be brought up to the current level of understanding.
8. Medicine is a long course
Studying medicine is very much a marathon, not a sprint. It is a 5 or 6 year course, where in your final few years holidays become a lot shorter and you are studying almost all year round (instead of having three months off a year). The reason the course is so long is because of the volume of material that needs to be learned; both the basic scientific principles and the clinical skills needed to apply them must be taught.
While this may seem like a fairly monumental task the truth is that while at university time seems to pass incredibly rapidly, probably because the average student is so busy they don't have time to notice each term flying past. While this is nice as it feels as if you're making rapid progress through your studies it also means it's very easy to get behind on work and not catch up until the holidays come around. Fortunately the holidays come around so quickly due to the short length of the terms you can usually get away with this and the holidays are often a valuable opportunity to make sure you understand the past term's work before the chaos of term time starts again. Some academic staff even go as far as to say…
9. You have a vacation, not a holiday
What they mean by this is that the Christmas and Easter breaks are simply the times when you vacate your accommodation and not a complete holiday from work. Of course, this does not necessarily have to be true. If you've managed your work very well during term time and stayed on top of everything there is no reason why you can't enjoy a well earned rest for a few weeks. If, however, you prefer to do as many activities as you can while in residence the vacations can be an important opportunity to pay back the time you borrowed during the term. Most importantly, it's about finding a balance. You don't want to start the term feeling fatigued from working too hard over the holidays, but equally you don't want to start the term not having a clue what's going on.
10. Organisation is key
Studying at university is a real contrast to being a student at school and one of the real challenges is organising your work and activities. You can no longer rely on your parents to keep a calendar of everything that's going on and instead you must sort things for yourself. Add to this the fact that a significant proportion of time at university will be spent feeling tired, due to excessive studying or partying, and there is a recipe for potential disaster. Tutorials may clash with rehearsals, practicals may coincide with sports matches or a MedSoc event might be happening when you're meant to be seeing your family. The most important thing is to have some kind of system, whether it is a paper diary you keep with you or a calendar on your phone. Make sure you're not the one who is always nearly missing things or running round at the last minute trying to work out where you're supposed to be.
11. If you pass your exams you'll become a doctor
Bar any kind of disaster, if you pass all your exams while studying medicine you will go on to become a doctor. This may well seem like stating the obvious, but it's worth taking a step back and thinking about this. By passing you in an exam a university is certifying that you are competent enough in that subject area to continue on the path to becoming a doctor. What does this mean for you? First of all it means that it can be quite difficult to pass your exams. In other subjects you are certified as competent by scoring a decent grade (usually a 2:1), however in medicine if you pass you will be guaranteed to continue down the path of clinical school and continue on to a professional medical career.
While there is the drawback of having an especially tough time passing exams this is also a very exciting prospect. If you manage to continue at a reasonable level, putting enough work in, you will qualify as a doctor. Compare this with a subject such as law, where if you pass your law degree with a 2:1 you are not guaranteed to become a lawyer; you are not even guaranteed a job. This is also the case with engineering, while you may become a certified engineer it does not mean you have any kind of reassurance that you will go on to have a job in engineering. If things get tough and you think you might struggle to pass just remember that by passing you are taking one step more towards being a doctor.
12. Most of your peers will be very intelligent
Medical students represent an extremely limited selection of people your age and they will tend to be both very capable and hardworking. This can sometimes result in you feeling rather demoralised when comparing yourself to other medics, especially as you will tend to notice the ones working harder than you more than the rest. Remember, the people you are comparing yourself to represent the very top fraction of students in the country and as such you should not be disheartened if some of them are better than you. In fact there will be plenty of other medical students at the same level as you who are making the most out of university to develop themselves as a person, not just as a student.
Being a medical student puts you in a very privileged position, among the very top students across the country. It generally seems to be the case that medics follow the mantra “work hard, play hard”. Most importantly, remember that being a student is not only a means to an end, but an end in itself. Make sure you make the most of being an undergraduate!
Image credits:surgery; stethoscope.
When David West elected to take an $11 million pay cut to play with the San Antonio Spurs, the explanation seemed simple: He wanted to win. Larry Bird's public prodding of Roy Hibbert at the end of the season may have played a small part in his decision, but it wasn't the reason. West had spent all of last season riding the team's many high-and-lows, and he knew the Pacers were in the process of transitioning. Bird says West's decision fundamentally altered his approach to the offseason, but the team had already begun to talk about playing faster and smaller at season's end. To West then, the surest path, if there is such a thing, to title contention was not in Indiana where things were in a state of flux. No, it was in San Antonio where the pieces -- proven veterans, battle-tested coach, winning system -- had already been in place spanning three decades.
So, he moved on.
"At this point in my career, it's all about winning, and again, I don't want to be in a position where we're just fighting to make the playoffs, I want to be in a spot where we can legitimately taste the finals," West told WTHR's Bob Kravitz.
But, according to Adrian Wojnarowski of Yahoo Sports, West's decision may not have solely been rooted in his desire to compete for the Larry O'Brien trophy, either.
"I needed to be in an environment where I can really learn again," West told Yahoo Sports. "We've got a few guys older than myself, and I can actually look up and ask questions again. "That's something I haven't been doing the last few years. You had to focus on your own mindset and mentality and then having to make sure that others are where they need to be. When you're constantly answering questions, I'll admit: It gets to be a bit much. "I've already been picking [Manu Ginobili's] brain, asking questions. Asking Tim questions. "I needed that."
West had to wear a lot of hats for the Pacers. Wojnarowski lists traffic cop, psychologist, big brother, team spokesperson, motivational speaker, and most shockingly: assistant coach. Perhaps this sheds some light on why Roy Hibbert reportedly told his agent prior to being traded that he possibly wanted to play for a coach who had played in the league. Whatever the case, West has punishingly large shoulders, but the weight of his many roles had begun to wear on him.
For this reason, where others may interpret his decision to leave $11 million on the table in the pursuit of title contention as sacrificial, West says he sees himself as a little selfish.
"It was me and my agent, we kind of just put it out there," he explained via Pounding the Rock. "My agent knew where I was going with it. I don't think anybody expected it. Everybody was kind of hearing it, but then when it was reality they were like ‘Yeah, okay, that's what's up.' For me it was the right decision to make for me, for my situation, being a little selfish, wanting to be a part of this organization, learn, and get in this mix."
In San Antonio, he can look up in the rafters at five NBA Championship banners. He can brush shoulders with, arguably, the greatest power forward of all time. He can be coached by someone with over 1,000 career wins. But most importantly, he does not have to be the old man of the bunch, the sole veteran voice. That will be a shared burden in the pursuit of winning.
West, quite clearly, yearned to be a student, again. Not the teacher.
Which leaves one very important question for the Pacers: Who will be his substitute?
JavaScript. The practice-oriented language made scripting the Web possible for millions of programmers. It grew an ecosystem of libraries, even started attacking the domains seemingly independent of the Web, such as: native applications (Node.js) and interchange formats (JSON).
There is a lot not to like in JSON, but the main issue here is the lack of semantics. JavaScript doesn't differentiate between a map and a struct, so any other language using JSON has to suffer. If only we had an interchange format made for a semantically strong language, preferably modern and efficient… like Rust. Here comes Rusty Object Notation - RON.
RON aims to be a superior alternative to JSON/YAML/TOML/etc, while having consistent format and simple rules. RON is a pleasure to read and write, especially if you have 5+ years of Rust experience. It has support for structures, enums, tuples, homogeneous maps and lists, comments, and even trailing commas!
We are happy to announce the release of RON library version 0.1. The implementation uses serde for convenient (de-)serialization of your precious data. It has already been accepted as the configuration format for Amethyst engine. And we are just getting started ;)
RON has been designed a few years ago, to be used for a game no longer in development. The idea rested peacefully until one shiny day torkleyy noticed the project and brought it to life. Now the library is perfectly usable and solves the question of readable data format for all of my future projects, and I hope - yours too!
After extensive repairs, the 185-year-old Cathedral Church of St. Paul in downtown London, Ont., is once again open for services.
On May 14, the congregation gathered for Sunday worship for the first time since the building was closed November 19, after it was discovered that several roof trusses had rotted through, putting the building's structural integrity in jeopardy.
The parish became aware of the problem after an inspection of the roof in 2015, following persistent problems with water damage. The inspection revealed that the ends of many of the wooden roof trusses had rotted away, leading to additional pressure on the walls and endangering the entire structure.
The cathedral launched Project Jericho in 2015 to raise funds for the repairs, with a goal of $700,000.
Over the course of six months, steel truss stabilization brackets were installed on the damaged roof trusses. At the beginning of May, it was announced that the repairs were far enough along that the community could resume worship in the cathedral, after having held services at nearby Cronyn Hall in the interim.
“What was a serious physical and financial challenge was revealed to be an opportunity for the cathedral—to celebrate the history and potential of this unique place and reaffirm our commitment to the community,” said Project Jericho member Melissa Broadfoot in a press release sent out June 3 on behalf of the Project Jericho Leadership Team.
Broadfoot noted that further cosmetic repairs to restore the water-damaged nave and chancel to their historic condition will be forthcoming as funds become available.
“The cathedral community is humbled by everyone's generosity across the country and deeply grateful for all that has been so lovingly given,” she said.
Through donations from members of the immediate community in London, congregations across the diocese and Anglicans around the country, Project Jericho has raised $485,000 to date, according to the cathedral website.
The only numbers Spicer cited were ridership numbers from WMATA, the D.C. public-transit system. “We know that 420,000 people used D.C. Metro public transit yesterday, which compares to 317,000 that used it for President Obama's last inaugural,” he said. But the figures Spicer offered were not consistent with those provided by WMATA officials, who told the Washington Post that 570,557 riders used the Metro system between its 4 a.m. opening and its midnight closure on Friday. That number falls short of both President Obama's 2009 and 2013 inaugurations, which saw 1.1 million trips and 782,000 trips respectively.
Preliminary Nielsen figures also show that Trump's inauguration received fewer average TV viewers in the United States than Obama's first inauguration. The Los Angeles Times reported that 30.6 million viewers tuned in for Friday's ceremonies, 19 percent below the 37.8 million viewers who watched in 2009. The figures still place Trump's inauguration ahead of Obama's second inauguration, as well as the first ceremonies for President Clinton and both President Bushes. Ronald Reagan holds the record for inauguration viewership, after 41.8 million viewers watched his swearing-in ceremony in 1981.
As Spicer later correctly noted, the National Park Service does not offer official crowd estimates. The agency abandoned the practice after receiving criticism for its low estimate of the Million-Man March in 1995. But independent estimates, and other publicly available evidence, indicates the crowd was smaller than the one that appeared for President Obama's first inauguration in 2009. Keith Still, a professor at Manchester Metropolitan University in England, told The New York Times that the crowd on the mall itself was about a third the size it had been in 2009. Photos taken from the Washington Monument facing towards the Capitol show a visibly smaller audience compared to similar images taken in 2009, images from the parade route showed largely vacant stands and stretches of empty sidewalk, and Washington mass-transit officials reported far comparatively lower ridership figures for the city's Metro system.
Spicer did not take questions. He also did not address the far larger crowds in Washington, D.C., on Saturday that took part in the Women's March on Washington.
Doig, the journalism professor, cautioned, “take all partisan estimates of crowd size with a grain of salt. Crowd size has become a badge of honor or shame depending on who's wielding it. This has gone on for decades, claiming exceptionally large crowds or claiming really the crowd was tiny." He defended the role of the media in adjudicating these disputes. “Let the partisans on either side claim whatever they want about the size of the crowd," he said, “but somebody needs to produce an independent estimate.”
A Cabinet of Curiosities: The Unfinished World by Amber Sparks
Heather Scott Partington Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 28, 2016
Amber Sparks' work in her collection, The Unfinished World, is an imaginative exploration of what-ifs. What if Lancelot was lost in a jungle? What if we could time travel, but we did more harm than good? What if a couple's romance was linked in some way to a cabinet of curiosities? What if a builder of Leichenhausen, German waiting mortuaries, was trying in some way to bring back his dead wife? Sparks' work brings together ideas of time travel and dreams with historical oddities: her stories look into the dinosaur “bone wars,” historical atrocities and collections of every kind. The Unfinished World is slightly unbalanced, but offers more than it leaves the reader desiring. What Sparks presents — especially in the first stories of the collection — is a flair for the shorter short story. Sparks understands timing, juxtaposition, and how to create original characters within the confines of a short work.
The Unfinished World excels when it's about the people behind the scenes, the ones who keep things moving. The first story of the collection is one of these, and one of Sparks' strongest. In “The Janitor in Space,” a janitor at the space station comes to terms with her criminal past.
The janitor knows that being good is not the same as being clean. She, for instance, is very clean, but she is not very good. She is still traveling on her way toward that. She told her pastor that she was coming up here to be closer to God, but really she just wanted to get away from Earth She was tired of waiting to be recognized, waiting for someone to hear her name and turn, eyes too big, full of questions and dangerous curiosity.
Sparks' character, who “doesn't know about metaphors,” is a blue-collar worker in an ethereal world, a shadow who doesn't want to be seen by the astronauts she's supporting. But it's her incredible pain, which comes to light as she's scrubbing the surfaces of the capsule, that makes “Janitor” such a compelling story. The janitor, as all of Sparks' characters, “knows that even the smallest human vessel has boundless storage for sorrow.”
Sparks' short works get to the heart of what motivates character; in “The Cemetery for Lost Faces,” brother and sister taxidermists remake animals into death masks of their parents. “Clarence and Louise are trapping death in amber,” the author says. “They are learning how to make time stop.” “Lost Faces” is also a prime example of Sparks' pithy observations of character. Tessa, Louise's romantic rival, “is one of those people who substitute scarves for personality.” While Clarence and Louise's opposite personalities mean they are suited to different aspects of the taxidermy business, it also means they grieve their parents' death differently, trying with each animal they create beauty and preserve their bodies in beautiful repose. Sparks writes a different kind of seeker in “Lancelot in the Jungle,” but he is written with the same deep yearning that drives the taxidermist siblings. “There are only the seekers,” the author writes, “and the lost places they drive toward, always just out of reach.”
Sparks' characters are often ironically close to the thing that hurts them most. In “For These Humans Who Cannot Fly,” a builder of waiting mortuaries obsesses over the beauty of the buildings, when it is his lost wife he mourns. His constant proximity to death only drives home the idea that “[N]o one really comes back from the dead. Even in [his] beautiful, carefully built Leichenhausen. Even when the sun pours from the Kingdom of Heaven through St. Michael's stained glass robes and shines on the faces of the dead like rubies, like wine, like blood.” His wife is gone, and each beautiful new mortuary underscores his pain.
Another of the brilliant service worker stories is Sparks' “The Men and Women Like Him,” which details the lives of the people who have to clean up history after the creation of time machines. Illegal time machines are created by would-be agents of time, and people go back to try to stop the big tragedies of history. Those workers who have to right the wrongs are subject to the daily influence of history's worst events, over and over again. One of the workers “wonders if it would really be so bad, letting people flood into history like a tidal wave, and sweep away the worst of it.” Yet every day they punch the clock, shake off the misery, and go on. Sparks' ability to celebrate the blue-collar aspects of fantastic and futuristic worlds makes “The Men and Women Like Him” a little reminiscent of stories like Bradbury's “A Sound of Thunder.” Sparks proves that often what is most compelling in fantasy situations is their normalcy; we can't out-invent our baser desires, even in fiction.
“Ancient dreams cling like crumbs to the mouths of the sleepers,” Sparks writes in her final story, “The Sleepers.” Though a longer work — almost a novella, not quite a short story — the title story is Sparks' only misstep. Too much happens in too short a space, or perhaps it is that the author never really finds a foothold because the story isn't long enough. “The Unfinished World” doesn't have the same pith as the rest of this strong collection. When Sparks works short, she works best. There are many remarkable stories in The Unfinished World, and Sparks' career as a short story writer is guaranteed to continue, if this collection is any indication of her talent. The Unfinished World is uneven, yet a delight. It shows how often we obsess over the things we fear; it also makes us consider the people who make it possible for us to live our fabulous, fantastic lives.
AyAyRon MMDS isn't new only the name, original name was Visual Creative Designs that started in 2011. AyAyRON MMDS is a Small Independent Business that provides services in Multimedia, Marketing, and Design company that provides good quality, quick turnaround.
Added services, new location, and more connections has provided the reason to change a few things. All these changes is for better helping local small businesses and individuals locally in the State of New Hampshire and remotely by working with businesses online from all over the United States.
I have teamed up with a local radio station to provide even more ways to market and advertise your business called In it Together Media with Lori Lynn Greene.
I have 30 years of technology experience, 35 years of arts and design experience, 20 years of marketing and advertising 18 of those years primary focused for digital online marketing. 20 years of small business consulting. 5 years of videography 30 years of photography. 25 years in Web Design / Development. Put all this together and you have specialized and customized services to help fit your budget.
The new website is currently being developed. Please feel free to contact us with the current form on this website.
Thank you
The threat of winter weather and icy roads on Tuesday has prompted several north Alabama school systems to either open later on Tuesday morning or remain closed all day. Here is a list of announced delays and closings. This list will be updated as delays are announced.
Alabama A&M University: opening at 10 a.m.
Albertville City Schools: closed
Arab City Schools: 3-hour delay
Athens City Schools: 3-hour delay
Athens State University: opening at 11 a.m.
Boaz City Schools: closed
Calhoun Community College: opening at 11 a.m.
Colbert County Schools: 2-hour delay
Decatur City Schools: elementary classes opening at 10:15 a.m., secondary classes at 11 a.m.
Drake State Community College: opening at 11 a.m.
Fayettville, Tennessee City Schools: closed
Florence City Schools: closed
Fort Payne City Schools: opening at 11 a.m.
Franklin County Schools: 2.5-delay
Gadsden State Community College: opening at 11 a.m.
Guntersville City Schools: closed
Hartselle City Schools: 3-hour delay
Hope Prep Academy: opening at 11 a.m.
Huntsville City Schools: 3-hour delay
Jackson County Schools: opening at 10:30 a.m.
Lauderdale County Schools: closed
Limestone County Schools: 3-hour delay
Lincoln County, Tennessee Schools: closed
Madison Academy Elementary School: 3-hour delay
Madison City Schools: 3-hour delay
Madison County Schools: 3-hour delay
Marshall County Schools: closed
Morgan County Schools: 3-hour delay
Muscle Shoals City Schools: 2-hour delay
Northwest Shoals Community College: opening at 10 a.m.
Randolph School: opening at 9:30 a.m.
Riverside Christian Academy, Fayetteville, Tennessee: closed
Russellville City Schools: 2.5-hour delay
Scottsboro City Schools: 3-hour delay
Sheffield City Schools: opening at 10 a.m.
University of Alabama in Huntsville: 2.5-hour opening delay, classes begin at 11 a.m.
University of North Alabama, Kilby School: University offices open at 10 a.m., university classes begin at 11 a.m.
Wallace State Community College: opening at 10 a.m.
Westminster Christian Academy: opening at 10 a.m.
YMCA of the Shoals in Florence: opening at 10 a.m.
• ‘Next time I will get the ball before him,' insists Liverpool forward • Mané says Philippe Coutinho return will help his game after suspension
Sadio Mané has expressed regret for colliding with Ederson's face at Manchester City but insisted he would not change his playing style as a result of the red card it provoked.
Mané will miss Liverpool's next three matches having been dismissed in Saturday's 5-0 defeat and had an appeal against the length of his suspension rejected by the Football Association. He has apologised to the City goalkeeper for what he says was an accidental collision, one that forced Ederson off on a stretcher after eight minutes of treatment and required eight stitches to a gruesome facial injury.
Liverpool's appeal against length of Sadio Mané's ban rejected by FA Read more
The Liverpool striker is adamant he would not back out of another challenge with a goalkeeper. “I think the next time I will get the ball before him, I will do my best,” Mané said. “My intention was not to hurt the goalkeeper. It was bad and I wish him the recovery to come back healthy. I am happy for him that he could play again [against Feyenoord on Wednesday] and help his team.
“It is not what I wish. I think it was a challenge for the ball. I made contact and it was not what I wanted to do so I apologised to him. It is part of football and I cannot change anything. I don't have his number so I just posted messages for him and I think he has seen them.”
Mané has scored three goals in four Premier Leagues games this season but will miss Saturday's home game against Burnley plus two trips to Leicester City, in the Carabao Cup and league next week.
“It is not easy for me because I always love to play football and to enjoy, especially to help my team to win games,” he said. “But we have a great team and great qualities and I think the boys can do it. I would love to be on the pitch all the time and help my team but I will also accept [the punishment] and try and be ready for my comeback.
Sevilla's Joaquín Correa levels it and spoils return for Klopp's Liverpool Read more
“I was going for the ball. I didn't have intention to hurt him because I am not that kind of player, so I wish him a quick recovery. I was focusing more on the goalkeeper than the card [after the collision] so when I saw the red card I was surprised because I was expecting maybe a yellow card. I will accept it and try to forget.”
Mané's absence could be offset by the return of Philippe Coutinho. The Brazil playmaker was given a rousing reception when he appeared as a substitute in the Champions League draw against Sevilla on Wednesday, his first Liverpool appearance since pushing for a move to Barcelona.
Mané said: “It is always nice to welcome him back because he is one of our best players. He will not only help my game but I think he is a very important player for Liverpool and he will help us to get better and better.”
The sexual harassment and rape allegations against famed Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein have been snowballing. On Oct. 5 the New York Times reported (paywall) that several actresses and former colleagues had accused Weinstein of sexual harassment. A follow-up story (paywall) included accusations from stars such as Angelina Jolie and Gwyneth Paltrow. Today the New Yorker published further allegations, including of rape.
Weinstein's behavior had been reported previously, including by Ambra Battilana Gutierrez, a model who told the police (and the media) in 2015 that the producer had tried to force her to follow him into his hotel room. Recently published audio, recorded by the New York police, portrays a man used to expecting obedience from women:
Weinstein: I'm telling you right now, get in here.
Gutierrez: What do we have to do here?
Weinstein: Nothing. I'm gonna take a shower, you sit there and have a drink. Water.
Gutierrez: I don't drink.
Weinstein: Then have a glass of water.
Gutierrez: Can I stay on the bar?
Weinstein: No. You must come here now.
At the end, Weinstein admits to having groped Gutierrez in the past, and justifies it by saying that touching a woman's breasts is a habit for him—perhaps because of his fame.
Weinstein: Please, I'm not gonna do anything. I swear on my children. Please come in. On everything, I'm a famous guy.
Gutierrez: I'm feeling very uncomfortable right now.
Weinstein: Please come in now. And one minute. And if you wanna leave, when the guy comes with my jacket you can go.
Gutierrez: Why yesterday you touch my breast?
Weinstein: Oh, please I'm sorry just come in. I'm used to that.
Gutierrez: You're used to that?
Weinstein: Yes, come in.
If any of this sounds familiar, perhaps it's because it reminds of you another conversation that generated its share of outrage a little over a year ago.
Trump: I moved on her, actually. You know, she was down on Palm Beach. I moved on her, and I failed. I'll admit it.
Unknown: Whoa.
Trump: I did try and fuck her. She was married.
[…]
Trump: Yeah, that's her. With the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I'm automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything.
Bush: Whatever you want.
Trump: Grab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything.
Donald Trump's bragging about assaulting women in the Access Hollywood tapes—which he later defended as “locker-room banter”—describes essentially the very same mindset as Weinstein's—a belief that he can do whatever he wants with women and that fame and power will allow him to get away with it.
And Trump, at least, seems to have been right about that.
This here writing about rap on the internet gig is a crap shoot. There's no exact science. Pieces you expect to blow up often never do, and the ones you thought wouldn't be popular mostly lay dormant. It took me a while, but I learned it's a mistake to chase popularity and simply write what comes from the heart, whatever is honest, whatever I want. Do that and people will respond. Sometimes, even the artist responds.
I wrote this piece on how Oddisee's music helps me stay motivated and inspired, partly for myself, and partly to celebrate the release of his new album, The Good Fight. I never expected him to read it. Flash forward a few hours and I'm attending his album release party/concert in D.C. Flash forward a few more hours and I'm talking to him on the phone for one of those interview-y things. Normally for interviews I'm so nervous, but I had a sense of calm about this one. Maybe it was his friendly, calm disposition that put the butterflies in my stomach to sleep, but I'd like to think it's because I already knew him so well.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
What makes Oddisee one of my favorite emcees is how unflinchingly honest he is on the mic. No delusions of grandeur, no fronting, just an honest, talented emcee sharing his story, his life. The more I talked to him, the more I realized that his albums truly are just an extension of the man. I was talking to Amir Mohamed el Khalifa and Oddisee at the same time.
So with that in mind, I thought it would be cool to combine an interview and a look at his remarkable new album. As he told me stories, shared his thoughts, feelings and emotions, moments from The Good Fight flashed through my brain. I could fit his stories and feelings into the framework of the album and to me that's what sets Oddisee apart from the rest.
"I guess I got to do it all myself" - "Want Something Done"
Business and art are often seen as two trains headed in different directions. If you want to be a businessman, it means buttoning up creativity into a suit and tie. If you want to be creative it often means sacrificing health insurance, business hours and a steady paycheck. I knew about Oddisee's talent - you can hear it on "What Something Done" when his knifing flow slices through those clasping drums - but what I didn't know was how shrewd his business side was. Before album release parties in cushy Chinatown lofts and NPR Tiny Desk shows, Oddisee set up an entire European tour on his own.
“I was only booking shows for myself because something new was happening, but the industry hadn't caught up. Prior, you put a few records out on a label, they were monitored by Soundscan, you had a booking agent who outsourced themselves to all of their contacts and booked shows for you. But there were no more record sales because people were downloading the albums for free. So when I would reach out to try and do shows, all of the promoters, still based on the old model, would say "no one knows who you are. You can't do shows here." Yet I'm looking on the internet and dozens and dozens of fans from cities all over the world would ask me to come perform. There was this disconnect so I started doing something that now has a name, "direct to fan marketing." I didn't know that's what it was back then, but now that's the term. I never went to college, but I've spoken at universities on the subject; that blows my mind. I contacted fans, asked for promoter's names. Collected all those fan names, went to the promoters and said, ‘Hey, all of these people live in your town and want to see me perform. You should book me.' The first tour I did I got 700 euros a show. What I did, I bought something called Europass, which gives you unlimited travel throughout Europe for a month. It cost me about three or four hundred euro. I stayed in Europe for six weeks telling every promoter, "All you have to do is book me for the cost of a one way ticket and I'll sleep on your floor. I don't even need a hotel". They only booked me on hip-hop nights when they knew it would be a packed house. I actually made my money back for the europass within the first couple of shows. I traveled all through Europe on the europass, I slept on floors of promoters houses, I did party where nobody knew who I was, rocked it and they ended up knowing who I was. Fast forward to today, I have a booking agent, I turned over all my contacts to him and every promoter who booked me that first year still books me to this day."
"This the man that's behind the words that do whatever it takes/ I'm not too proud to eat the scrapings off plates/Turn your nose up/You're missing out"- "A List of Withouts"
Touching on the topic above, trying to balance business and art can be very difficult. Often if you make a profit it means sacrificing your art, it means selling a chunk of your soul.
“I've definitely been in positions where I've done things for the money. However, it was for the necessity. As an independent artist, as an artist in general, you don't have the luxury of knowing you are going to get paid in two weeks. So I may get tons of offers for three months straight and there might be three months where there is no work whatsoever. Even at this moment in my career where I'm making good money I can't turn down opportunities, because of what might happen a year from now when there is no money. As a result, I've definitely worked on things I wasn't really excited for because of the money. The compromise is as long as I give it a hundred percent, maybe the beat sucks but my verse is great or my beat is great but the rapper sucked, I know somebody will like the entire song. Knowing that, I have to remove my ego and my own personal opinion and work for a living because someone will love this song.”
"But Cali ain't got winter and that's the feelin' that made me" - "Meant It When I Said It"
Sometimes when you go to shows it can be hard to really hear the emcee, but Oddisee commands the mic. You can hear every...single...word. As I was standing in the crowd at the album release party listening to him perform "Meant It When I Said It," I heard the aforementioned line and it hit me like a ton of bricks. Something about it burned its way into the pit my stomach and the back of my brain; I pondered it the whole Metro ride home. I had to ask him just what he meant exactly.
“I'm very much a person attached to seasons and my environment. I'm a huge believer that the seasons changing are a constant reminder that time is passing and it makes you question yourself. Every year when the leaves fall to the ground and everything dies, where were you? What did you do with your year? You can't ignore it. Whereas places with warm weather all year round there isn't this reminder that time is passing. In warmer climates people are way more relaxed and chill. About everything. I don't want to be relaxed. I want to rush to get from point A to point B. I want to walk quick. I want to look at my watch a million times in an hour. I want those things. I couldn't live in places like that. I think it would hurt my work ethic.”
"And you don't need a bigger plate, just a smaller stomach" - "Belong To The World"
Though the angelic, atmospheric beat soothes my soul, that line really stirred something in me. I love what I do. I love being creative and writing about rap music, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't want more money. Money's great. It lets us do things and we definitely need it, but it's not all there is. I'm able to pay bills and keep a roof over my head, which is remarkable really, but it doesn't feel like enough; it never does. That's what "Contradictions Maze" deals with, trying to find the balance between being satisfied and wanting more.
“The balance is within itself. I'm adamant and persistent about the things that I like within my own realm. There isn't something outside of it that I'm striving for. There's more than enough to deal with in the bubble I exist in before I start dreaming and aspiring towards bigger things that people want from me. I've barely scraped the surface of what's possible in my own constraints right now. I try to stress that in my music."
"Tell me I ain't buzzin' welp/Last year I made well over a hundred stacks" - "Flight Delays"
The conversation started with "Contradictions Maze" but this bar from "Flight Delays" is just as apt. It may seem strange in a society driven by excess and greed, but Oddisee seems content with where he is. He's found a way to live off of making music, and that's enough for him. We, the fans, want him to be rich and famous as badly as we want it for ourselves. We force that on him, but to him, it's of no concern; buzz, awards and acclaim don't mean anything to Oddisee.
“The only thing I'm working towards is the main thing when I decided I wanted to do music. I want to make a living from music and nothing else. There are so many avenues to do that right now before moving on. Meaning, like today alone, I just got two messages for two separate licensing opportunities. One from ESPN and one from a premiere league in Ireland. That sounds super random, I'll license a song to them and nobody will ever hear it, but the money I make from that is someone's salary. Everyone thinks I'm underrated, but I just made someone's salary from one song. People think I need to be on the radio. People think I need to win a Grammy. Success for me is very direct. If I put out an album and I get two calls in a day to license to two separate companies and my manager hits me up about a festival. That is validation. You put out this record and suddenly somebody wants to book you for shows. Suddenly people want to license your music. Suddenly people like you want to interview me. If the record wasn't good I wouldn't get those things. That is the validation.”
"Got a couple ounces, the customers came and went/Section 8 the housing, you best come up with rent/Wasn't the smartest move, it was better than havin' no plan/Cut that out as quick as I started/Back on my mission to be an artist" - "Meant It When I Said It"
The piece I wrote on Oddisee was based around the low-point of my rap bloggin' career. I wanted to know what the low-point was for Oddisee. He told me both on the phone and on "Meant It When I Said It" and honestly, it made me rethink what "struggling" really means. In retrospect a trip to A3C gone wrong isn't that bad at all.
“There was one point in my career where I was living in my mother's basement. She was on section 8 and I definitely needed money. My sister wasn't doing good and my mom was helping her out. My mother was struggling and she was helping me while I stayed in this basement for 10 to 14 hours a day making music. At a certain point, she was like, "You have to quit music, get a job and make money for this house." That was one of those points where I thought I was going to quit. During that time I was actually doing some really stupid things to make money. I dealt with it, took care of it and things started to pick up in my music career and I stopped immediately and went back to music. Thank goodness.”
"'I'm scared to death that/ This the best I'm going to get before God come and collect his breath back" - "A List Of Withouts"
It was surreal to hear how Oddisee, a man I admire so much was touched by my piece. He was so appreciative in fact that he shared something with me that nobody else knows, something he's never shared before. While he may have never explicitly told anyone what he told me, he touched on it on "A List Of Withouts." It's interesting that the thing we are all trying to escape from is the thing that drives him.
“I'm mainly driven by fear. Fear of failure. Fear the record won't sell. Fear that this will be the last record that will be relevant and I wont be able to make music anymore."
"I perform, they put on, that's the norm, trying to get me on a song like baller this, shooter that/Then they got wrong mic/This the wrong platform, they about the wrong life" - "Belong To The World"
All this time - writing that article, seeing him live, talking to him on the phone - I've been trying to pinpoint, just what it is about him and his music that awakens something inside me. Why I identify, admire and respect him more than any other emcee. I thought it might be because he's a dope producer, I love me some samples, or maybe it's because we are both from the DMV. While both are true and are part of the equation they aren't the reason why. The sentiment he shares on "Belong To The World" and the way he summarized it himself is why.
“I'm always looking inward. I'm very introspective. I think that's an ongoing theme in a lot of my music. There's definitely a void that I think needs to be filled. In music there are a lot of artists dedicated to selling a fantasy. I love fantasy too. I love songs about things I'll never be able to obtain. I love songs about partying all night even though I'm normally asleep by 11. It's fantasy. But we also need music that's deep rooted in reality and I feel like that's my calling. To write about that kind of music. That's what comes natural to me and I think that's what missing in music. What I do is quintessential reality rap.”
I thought that was a fitting quote to end on. Rap can be an escape from reality, but Oddisee thrives in that reality we don't want to face. I'll listen to Action Bronson raps about squid ink soup so I can stop thinking about bills and my credit score, but Oddisee makes me confront those issues. It may not be easy,but I know in the end it makes me better and more focused.
The Good Fight is a phenomenal album. There's soul samples for the purists but there's also horns, Gary Clark Jr. riffs. His flow is raw and primal yet soothing and surgical. Still, the real strength of this album comes not from a beat or a hook, but from the practical usage, from how it makes me better. We often ask "What makes a classic?" and to me, a large part of the equation is how the body of work stands the test of time. I don't know it The Good Fight is a classic, I'm not the classic album gatekeeper, but I do know that I look to Oddisee in times of crisis and I'm learning now that crisis is ceaseless. In ten years I may be panicking about kids, marriage and a 401K, but I will still be in crisis...and I will still have Oddisee.
[Lucas Garrison is a writer for DJBooth.net. His favorite album is “College Dropout,” but you can also tweet him your favorite Migos songs at @LucasDJBooth]
Eidos Montreal has confirmed that it'll feature full DirectX11 support, 3D and the ability to hook up multiple-monitors to play Deus Ex: Human Revolution on PC
Using AMD Eyefinity, players will be able to play the game on up to five monitors in uber-widescreen. 3D support will also be included.
“In Deus Ex: Human Revolution you see characters up close a lot as you interact with them, like in dialogues,” Jurjen Katsman, head of PC port developer Nixxes, told PC Gamer.
“Using tessellation to improve their look really helps make the world and the characters more believable, which is important in a story-heavy game like Deus Ex: Human Revolution.”
Director of technology at Eidos Montreal, Julien Bouvrais, adds: “When it comes to DX11 or AMD-specific features we have developed, we wanted to make sure they were adding to the game and not just tacked on without real purpose.”
Watch a video of producer David Anfossi, game director Jean-Francois Dugas and art director Jonathan-Jacques Belletête describing the features below.
Deus Ex: Human Revolution launches on August 26 in the UK for PS3, 360 and PC.
Netflix is on an unrelenting hunt for new content, and is snatching up partners wherever it can. The latest additions to the service's library of content are the popular TED Talks, which are available on Netflix right now in the U.S., Canada, Latin America, UK and Ireland.
Netlfix, however, won't be presenting the content in three or even fifteen minute bursts. Instead, the service plans to group the talks in two-hour blocks according to their general themes - space, nature, sex, etc.
Fourteen shows hit Netflix in the first batch, with Netflix planning to add more as time goes on.
Of course, the best part about the addition of the TED Talks is that it democratizes the lectures even further than they have already been, opening them up many more viewers for a fairly insignificant sum.
Who We Are
The Florida Wildlife Corridor organization champions the public and partner support needed to permanently connect, protect and restore the Florida Wildlife Corridor – a statewide network of lands and waters that supports wildlife and people. Our organization has trekked 1,000 miles across Florida – twice – to demonstrate the need and opportunity to connect wild places in Florida.
Using a science-based approach, on-the-ground knowledge of the Corridor, and the support of thousands of followers throughout the state and nation, the Florida Wildlife Corridor now embarks on its most important journey – to accelerate the rate of conservation in Florida by 10% annually in order to protect 300,000 acres within the Corridor by the end of 2020.
Accomplished: Mini Trek in the Heart of Florida – April 2018
Heartland to Headwaters Corridor at a Crossroads
Every day 1,000 new residents move to Florida and each hour 20 acres are lost to development. The roads we build, like Interstate 4, block wildlife and water.
The remaining wild areas between Tampa and Orlando are quickly becoming isolated. Only three natural connection points remain linking the Everglades Headwaters south of I-4 to the Green Swamp north of I-4.
This exploration issued a call to action; we must protect and restore remaining wild threads within our growing urban interface.
Learn more >>
What We Do
We combine conservation science with compelling imagery and rich storytelling to heighten the visibility of the Florida Wildlife Corridor and inspire its protection. Through education and citizen engagement, the Florida Wildlife Corridor advocates for the protection of the missing links needed to connect conservation lands in the Corridor.
Our Florida Wildlife Corridor Expeditions result in documentaries, books, videos and vivid photographic presentations that introduce these natural areas to Florida residents and visitors of all ages.
Why It Matters
A corridor is a natural, continuous swath of lands or waters that wildlife, including the Florida Black Bear and the Florida Panther, travel to access different habitats or for parts of their life cycle. These connected wild areas ensure the long-term survival of many native species, as well as the health of our waters and Florida's rural way of life.
Without long-term protection, significant portions of the Florida Wildlife Corridor are at risk of fragmentation – either by roads or other development. Fragmenting the Corridor threatens the ability of wildlife to travel, restricts breeding opportunities and ultimately harms plant and animal communities. Breaking up the Florida Wildlife Corridor would also be detrimental to Florida's fresh water resources.
We have a fleeting opportunity to keep natural and rural landscapes connected in order to protect the waters that sustain us, the working farms and ranches that feed us, the forests that clean our air, the coastal zones that protect us from storms and the habitat that all of these lands provide for Florida's diverse wildlife.
The Shower Poem by Charles Bukowski
The Shower
we like to shower afterwards(I like the water hotter than she)and her face is always soft and peacefuland she'll watch me firstspread the soap over my ballslift the ballssqueeze them,then wash the cock:"hey, this thing is still hard!"then get all the hair down there,-the belly, the back, the neck, the legs,I grin grin grin,and then I wash her. . .first the cunt, Istand behind her, my cock in the cheeks of her assI gently soap up the cunt hairs,wash there with a soothing motion,I linger perhaps longer than necessary,then I get the backs of the legs, the ass,the back, the neck, I turn her, kiss her,soap up the breasts, get them and the belly, the neck,the fronts of the legs, the ankles, the feet,and then the cunt, once more, for luck. . .another kiss, and she gets out first,toweling, sometimes singing while I stay inturn the water on hotterfeeling the good times of love's miracleI then get out. . .it is usually mid-afternoon and quiet,and getting dressed we talk about what elsethere might be to do,but being together solves most of itfor as long as those things stay solvedin the history of women andman, it's different for each-for me, it's splendid enough to rememberpast the memories of pain and defeat and unhappiness:when you take it awaydo it slowly and easilymake it as if I were dying in my sleep instead of inmy life, amen.***"
..... .... ..... .... ..... .... ..... .... ..... .... ..... .... ..... .... ..... .... ..... .... ..... .... ..... .... ..... .... ..... .... .... ..... .... ..... .... ..... .... .... .....
Donald Trump is considering staging a US military parade in Washington on the Fourth of July Independence Day holiday, inspired by the parade he saw on Bastille Day in Paris.
Meeting France's President Emmanuel Macron on the fringes of the UN general assembly, Trump said he had asked his White House chief of staff, retired Marine Corps general John Kelly, to look into the possibility of holding such a display of US military might.
Trump said he marvelled at the French parade that he saw with Macron on France's 14 July national holiday.
In typical Trump fashion, the president said he wants the parade to be bigger and better than the one he saw in France.
Play Video 3:10 French army band medleys Daft Punk following Bastille Day parade – video
“It was one of the greatest parades I have ever seen,” Trump said. “It was two hours on the button, and was military might, and I think a tremendous thing for France and the spirit of France.”
“And to a large extent, because of what I witnessed, we may do something like that on July 4th in Washington, down Pennsylvania Avenue,” Trump said. “We're going to have to try and top it.”
He noted that France's parade featured representatives from different wars and armed forces wearing different uniforms. “It was really so well done,” he said.
Macron pulls out all the stops on Bastille Day as Trump leaves satisfied Read more
“So we're actually thinking about 4th of July, Pennsylvania Avenue, having a really great parade to show our military strength,” Trump added.
Trump has often displayed an enthusiasm for military pageantry and had reportedly hoped for some kind of parade at his own inauguration.
Trump watched enthusiastically from a reviewing stand on 14 July as the French military showcased its tanks and fighter jets, including many US-made planes, along the famed Champs-Élysées. The occasion also marked the 100th anniversary of the US entrance into world war one.
Trump said he has discussed the parade idea with his chief of staff, John Kelly, a retired marine general.
The president, who has recruited three current and retired generals for his senior leadership team, also noted that the US spends $700bn on the military.
Washington already holds quite a few parades, including some with military participation that are held on Memorial Day and the Fourth of July. But those patriotic processions typically involve marching bands and uniformed elements, not the grand display of military hardware that Trump envisions.
In the comics, The Archies head to Manila as part of their new international tour
Published 11:52 AM, April 08, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Archie Andrews and the gang are in the Philippines!
In Archie's Funhouse Spring Annual #26, Archie, Betty Cooper, Veronica Lodge, Reggie Mantle, and Jughead Jones take their band The Archies on an international tour that stops in Manila.
A preview of the comic strip "On The Road Again" was posted on the Archie Comics official Facebook page on Thursday, April 6.
Another page of the comic was posted on the Archie Comics website, revealing that the band is set to perform at the "Manila Concert Grounds" and that they're shooting a documentary too.
"I'm a big fan of Filipino culture, Miss Wrong Conclusions," Jughead says to Veronica in one panel. "I hear the barbecue here in the Philippines is practically an art form."
Read the two pages that were revealed here!
The issue, written by Dan Parent, will be released on April 19. – Rappler.com
Could Daisy actually do some damage to the monster?
It seems to happen once for me but that was more than a month ago so perhaps there some changes about it.
As I explain before, I win a game against a goliath where daisy was the sole survivor and bit the monster to death (He was really low on life, ~1% or 2%). We actually saw Daisy had an animation where she bit and the goliath died just after that. Even the Goliath player stated that he didn't think anything but Daisy could have killed him (downed hunter didn't have Lign Of Sight and not wildlife close).
Since that game, I really wander if Daisy is the MVP or not
Thank for coming here to give us some enlightment.
Rousing Masses to Fight Cancer with Open Source Machine Learning
A dying cancer cell with filopodia stretched out to its right. The protrusions help cancer migrate. Stock NIH NCMIR image. The image does not display a cell treated in the Georgia Tech study. Credit: NIH-funded image of HeLa cell / National Center for Microscopy and Imaging Research / Thomas Deerinck / Mark Ellisman. Use may require permission.
Here's an open invitation to steal. It goes out to cancer fighters and tempts them with a new program that predicts cancer drug effectiveness via machine learning and raw genetic data.
The researchers who built the program at the Georgia Institute of Technology would like cancer fighters to take it for free, or even just swipe parts of their programming code, so they've made it open source. They hope to attract a crowd of researchers who will also share their own cancer and computer expertise and data to improve upon the program and save more lives together.
The researchers' invitation to take their code is also a gauntlet.
They're challenging others to come beat them at their own game and help hone a formidable software tool for the greater good. Not only the labor but also the fruits will remain openly accessible to benefit the treatment of patients as best possible.
“We don't want to hold the code or data for ourselves or make profits with this,” said John McDonald, the director of Georgia Tech's Integrated Cancer Research Center. “We want to keep this wide open so it will spread.”
The goods
Researchers wanting to participate can follow this link to a new study published on October 26, 2017, in the journal PLOS One. There they will find links to download the software from GitHub and to access the code.
They'll start out with a current program that has been about 85% accurate in assessing treatment effectiveness of nine drugs across the genetic data of 273 cancer patients. The study by McDonald and collaborator Fredrik Vannberg details how and why.
“Nine drugs are in the published study, but we've actually run about 120 drugs through the program all total,” said Vannberg, an assistant professor in Georgia Tech's School of Biological Sciences.
The program uses proven machine learning mechanisms and also normalizes data. The latter allows the machine learning to work with data from varying sources by making them compatible.
The bias
And the researchers have reduced human bias about which data are important for predicting outcomes.
“It's much more effective to put in loads of raw data and let the algorithm sort it out,” McDonald said. “It's looking for correlations, not causes, so it's not good to preselect data for what you suspect are most relevant.”
One big bias the researchers tossed out was a concentration only on gene expression data pertaining to the specific type of cancer they were aiming to treat.
“It turns out that it's better to give the program data from a broad diversity of cancers, and that will actually later give a better prediction of drug effectiveness for a specific cancer like breast cancer,” Vannberg said.
“On a molecular level, some breast cancers, for example, are going to be more similar to some ovarian cancers than to other breast cancers,” McDonald said. “We just let the algorithm work with about everything we had, and we got high accuracy.”
The winners
The researchers also want the project to pool large amounts of anonymous patient treatment success and failure data, which will help the program optimize predictions for everyone's benefit. But that doesn't mean some companies can't benefit, too.
“If a company comes along and makes profits while using the program to help patients, that's fine, and there's no obligation to give back to the project,” said McDonald, who is also a professor in Georgia Tech's School of Biological Sciences. “Others may just take if they so please.”
But hopefully, most players will catch the spirit of kindness.
“With our project, we're advertising that sharing should be what everybody does,” Vannberg said. “This can be a win for everybody, but really it's a win for the cancer patients.”
Also READ: Basic premise in targeted cancer treatments wrong 60% of the time
Georgia Tech researchers Cai Huang and Roman Mezencev coauthored the study. The research was funded by the Rising Tide Foundation.
Updated 6:10 p.m. | Looking for John A. Boehner? Try the Longworth House Office Building.
The former House speaker, whose resignation from Congress became effective over the weekend, is taking advantage of little-known perks and privileges taxpayers provide by law to those vacating the chamber's highest office. Boehner is setting up a government-funded office that may have as many as three aides with salaries of more than $100,000 each.
The Ohio Republican can maintain the outpost for up to five years, with taxpayers footing the bill for office operations, franked mail and personnel costs. Funding for former speakers has been in place since 1970, just before John W. McCormack became the first speaker to retire to private life.
Jennifer Hing, communications director for the House Appropriations Committee, said it was "too early to speculate" whether an upcoming omnibus spending bill will include a funding request for Boehner's post-speakership office.
“No statutory restrictions exist on the cost, type, or location of a former Speaker's office,” wrote Matthew E. Glassman in a Congressional Research Service report from May. Boehner could pay his three aides salaries of up to $158,000, $133,000 and $116,000 for 2015, Glassman noted.
Boehner will staff his ex-speaker's office with Amy Lozupone, director of administrative operations in his speaker's operation, according to a Boehner spokeswoman speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss personnel matters. Lozupone has worked for Boehner since 2001. The spokeswoman also confirmed the Longworth location and said it wasn't clear whether Boehner would make additional staff appointments.
The taxpayer-funded office cannot be used for political purposes. Instead, it is “to be used solely for the administration and conclusion of matters relating to service as a Representative and Speaker of the House,” Glassman's CRS report said.
Former Speaker J. Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., spent about $1.5 million running his post-speaker office between 2008 and 2012.
Boehner, like any other former speaker, must forfeit the office and its expenses should he take a federally appointed or elective office, such as a Cabinet post or ambassadorship. He would not need to ditch the digs if he headed to the private sector.
“It certainly would be improper for him to lobby out of that office, but there's nothing that says he couldn't enjoy the benefits in [a] wind-down, even if he were to become a lobbyist,” said Kenneth Gross, a lobbying and ethics lawyer. “Whether it's appropriate or not is a different issue.”
Hastert, who pleaded guilty last week to charges of evading federal bank reporting requirements , resigned from Congress in 2007. He maintained his post-speaker office while also acting as a registered federal lobbyist for clients such as Lorillard Tobacco and Bridgepoint Education, lobbying records show, while also spending federal funds for his wind-down office from 2009 to 2012.
It's notable because former lawmakers who become registered federal lobbyists must forfeit other privileges of Congress such as access to the House gym and the House floor during votes.
“I was unaware Hastert was receiving those types of official benefits while serving as a registered lobbyist,” said Craig Holman, a lobbyist for Public Citizen, a liberal watchdog group. “I would've filed an ethics complaint. They should not be simultaneously enjoying special access and special privileges associated with their government services. There has to be a clear break.”
Boehner has not said what he will do next, including whether he will pursue a lobbying career. Should he decide, like many of his colleagues before him, to head to K Street, he would be subject to a one-year cooling-off period during which he could not lobby the legislative branch.
Though he could field lucrative, seven-figure offers from lobbying firms, Boehner isn't likely to go broke in retirement. He has an estimated net worth of $1.82 million, according to Roll Call's Wealth of Congress Index. Pete Sepp, president of the National Taxpayers Union, also estimated that Boehner could qualify for an annual pension worth just more than $78,000 per year — depending on what he signed up for when he came to Congress in 1991. Sepp cautioned it is possible Boehner, who will turn 66 on Nov. 17, may have declined a pension out of principle.
Dave Schnittger, a former senior Boehner aide who is fielding media calls for Boehner, said the former speaker and his wife, Debbie, have not sorted through their many retirement decisions including whether to keep their Capitol Hill residence, whether the ex-speaker intends to enroll in Medicare and how much his pension may be worth.
“John and Debbie are just now beginning to contemplate some of the many questions and decisions they face as they begin their post-congressional lives,” Schnittger said by email.
Boehner made clear he is eager to embrace some aspects of life outside of the speaker bubble, saying on CNN's “State of the Union” program Sunday he was looking forward to walking to and from Starbucks and Pete's Diner “by myself” — sans security detail.
“I'll miss the people around here most,” he told CNN. “We get to do important things. We get to put our fingerprints on the direction of the country, fingerprints on history. But at the end of the day it's the people you meet that make this job so rewarding.”
Alex Gangitano contributed to this report. Related: Special Election Date Set for Boehner Replacement Boehner: 'God Had Another Plan' for Ryan
See photos, follies, HOH Hits and Misses and more at Roll Call's new video site. Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call in your inbox or on your iPhone.
The government shutdown has had drastic effects across America. But there is no federal law mandating that it should be so severe. Instead, much of the shutdown's impact is a direct consequence of a nonbinding legal opinion issued by Jimmy Carter's attorney general, which could be easily be revoked by Eric Holder and the Obama administration. All they'd have to do is write a new opinion... and override 30 years of precedent.
Between 1974—when the modern era of budgeting started on Capitol Hill—and 1980, there were several government shutdowns. There was a period of 10 days during the Ford administration and then several shutdowns totaling 57 days during Carter's term—but there were no catastrophic consequences. Affected employees weren't paid and many programs suffered for lack of funding, but everyone kept on showing up for work and national parks and government offices stayed open for business. It was considered more of a “funding gap” than a full-scale shutdown.
This was perfectly acceptable. Just because Congress couldn't agree on a budget or an appropriations bill didn't mean that it wanted to shut down the government. Instead, it was a hiccup in the legislative process, not a catastrophe. That all changed in 1980, when President Carter asked his attorney general, Ben Civiletti, for a legal opinion on what the federal government could do during a shutdown. Civiletti's position made all future shutdowns far more disruptive.
The underlying statute that keeps government from fully operating during a shutdown is an 1870 law, the Anti-Deficiency Act. The Constitution mandates that “No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law.” But in the 19th century, the Executive Branch would enter into contracts without the consent of Congress. Congress would feel obligated to obey the contracts despite the lack of authorization. To prevent this from happening in the future, the Anti-Deficiency Act was passed to prevent federal employees from entering into any legal obligations that have not been explicitly authorized by Congress.
Civiletti strictly interpreted the Anti-Deficiency Act. As described in a report from the then-named Government Accounting Office, the only way to comply with Anti-Deficiency Act was “by suspending the agency's operations until the enactment of an appropriation. In the absence of appropriations, exceptions would be allowed only when there is ‘some reasonable and articulable connection between the function to be performed and the safety of human life or the protection of property'” as well as when activities are explicitly funded one-year appropriations or authorized by other legislation.
This interpretation has guided all government shutdowns since, including the 21-day closure during 1995 and 1996. But it doesn't have to do so.
Charles Tiefer, a professor at the University of Baltimore School of Law and perhaps the country's leading expert on the Anti-Deficiency Act, says that while “it's not a cinch to overrule the Civiletti opinion at this moment... I do think that we're not bound by the Civiletti opinion once we go past 21 days.” Tiefer believes that once the 21-day mark is reached, there's no precedent to keep the government shut down; especially “as long-term problems accumulate because we're in new territory.” This means that once the shutdown has gone on for 21 days, Civiletti doesn't apply and the Obama administration is free to ignore it without formally overruling it.
Tiefer emphasizes his view by noting that most of the focus in the Civiletti opinion, as well as government planning for a shutdown, is what happens on the day of a shutdown. All of these plans focus on a short-term interruption in services, not a major impasse like today's. Thus, this shutdown could be distinguished from past occasions where the government was shuttered and Civiletti put to the side.
Admittedly, there would be some legal challenges to overturning more than 30 years of precedent, or at least distinguishing this shutdown from those in the past; but it would be hard for a justiciable case to reach court. After all, plaintiffs would have to show actual harm done to them by a government functioning without a budget and would have to do so while the government was still closed—otherwise the case would likely end up being ruled moot. Instead, the challenges would be political. There would be indignant House Judiciary Committee hearings and angry talk of impeachment among some Republicans.
There is no silver bullet to end the shutdown. Congress has to pass a continuing resolution. But, it's entirely possible that, with one simple legal opinion, the White House can at least mitigate many of the worst effects of the shutdown.
O. J. Simpson as the Terminator?
In EW's oral history of the 1984 sci-fi classic, director James Cameron recalls his reaction when Orion Pictures proposed the retired NFL superstar as the lethal killing machine from the future. “[Orion chief Mike] Medavoy came to me and [producer Gale Anne Hurd] and he said, ‘Are you sitting down? You must sit down. I want O.J. Simpson for the Terminator. Gale and I just looked at each other and thought, ‘You've got to be f- - -ing kidding me. How do we get out of this?”
“That did come out of my mouth,” Medavoy says. “At the time, O.J. Simpson had one of those commercials for Hertz where he jumped over a counter and ran to get a rental car. It was all of that athletic stuff, which I thought the Terminator should have.” Medavoy was serious enough in his thinking about Simpson that he approached eventual Terminator Arnold Schwarzenegger with the offer of playing the brave soldier from the future, ultimately played by Michael Biehn. “Medavoy came up to me at a screening and told me that they already had the Terminator cast with O.J. Simpson,” says the former California governor.
“I don't think it went any further than that, I don't think we went beyond the idea,” Medavoy says, adding, “Jim didn't like the idea at all.”
Interestingly, it was Simpson's pleasant persona that turned off Cameron. “This was when everybody loved him, and ironically that was part of the problem—he was this likable, goofy, kind of innocent guy. Plus, frankly, I wasn't interested in an African-American man chasing around a white girl with a knife.”
After more Hertz commercials and comic parts in the The Naked Gun and its sequel, Simpson, of course, would gain infamy in 1994 when he stood trial for the murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman. Simpson was ultimately acquitted of the murders, though a civil court later awarded a wrongful death judgment against him.
Cameron laughs when considering the irony. “We might have reconsidered after he had killed his wife.”
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Spanish journalist Guillem Balague told the ECHO that Liverpool FC face a very difficult task when they take on European Champions Real Madrid next month.
The Spanish side famously underestimated the Reds in 2009 when they were beaten 4-0 in a brilliant performance by Rafael Benitez's Liverpool side, but Balague says things have changed drastically for both sides since that night five years ago.
He says that, while Madrid have issues at the moment, losing twice already in La Liga, the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can do the damage to Brendan Rodgers ' side.
He said: "They are a very strong team, it's going to be a reality check for Liverpool. If you face a Real Madrid, who have their own problems of course, which have players that can sort out a game then it's going to be hard for Liverpool, very hard."
Watch the video above to hear what Balague had to say.
Balague was speaking after giving a lecture to students on behalf of Little League Sports .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Rachel Tudor, Assistant Professor of English at Southeastern Oklahoma State University, was allegedly denied tenure and terminated because of her gender identity, Raw Story reports.
Tudor was recommended for tenure and a promotion by her colleagues last year. According to university policy, the president is obliged to honor faculty recommendations, except in cases where there is a "compelling reason" or "exceptional circumstances" to reject a recommendation. However, the Vice President of Academic Affairs issued an unprecedented memo prohibiting Tudor from applying for tenure, and even after a faculty committee unanimously ruled that Tudor should be allowed to apply, the President refused to honor their decision.
"President Minks and Vice President of Academic Affairs, Doug McMillan, have refused to meet with me in person," Tudor said. "In addition, it has been reported to me from reliable sources that Doug McMillan is committed to severing me from the university because he disapproves of my gender identity."
Claire Potter, a professor of American studies and history at Wesleyan University, told Daily O'Collegian that the dean and vice president deem Tudor's "lifestyle" inappropriate. After transitioning, Tudor had apparently been told that “she could only use the single handicap bathroom located quite a distance from her office.” And vice president MacMillan reportedly “openly asserted that Tudor's lifestyle ‘offends his Baptist beliefs.' ”
Scary Kids Scaring Kids singer Tyson Stevens found dead
Former vocalist of defunct American post-hardcore band Scary Kids Scaring Kids, Tyson Stevens has died at 29 years-old.
The news has been confirmed by the singer's current band Coma Prevail and his girlfriend on Facebook.
News of Stevens' death was first reported by Alt Press who claimed an anonymous source said that the singer was found dead this morning by his girlfriend Sabrina Amber. Stevens' new band, Coma Prevail, have also confirmed the news on Facebook, which you can see here.
No further details have been given surrounding Stevens' death.
Read more what people have to say on social media below:
... Im sorry you couldn't make it out brother.. Really tears at me. RIP brother. Keep those stars warm for the rest of us. — jonny craig (@jonnycraig4L) October 21, 2014
Tyson Stevens of Scary Kids Scaring Kids , San Diego in 2009. One of my favorite portraits. ✌️ pic.twitter.com/JUfZb43gN7 — Adam Elmakias (@elmakias) October 21, 2014
So sad to hear we lost another great soul...RIP #TysonStevens you were always so kind to me, I'll never forget the times we shared — Spencer Chamberlain (@wschamberlain) October 22, 2014
RIP Tyson Stevens. Scary Kids Scaring Kids was the first big band to take us out on tour. So sad to see you go man. pic.twitter.com/vsIZmawloW — Vic Fuentes (@piercethevic) October 22, 2014
RIP Tyson Stevens. Scary Kids was the first "big band" to take a chance and bring out my old band and I'm forever grateful. Sad to see ya go — Kevin Skaff (@Kevineffinskaff) October 22, 2014
Rest Well Tyson. SKSK will always be a big part of my high school years and helped pave the way for a lot of bands in this scene. — Eric Lambert (@ericthefall) October 22, 2014
RIP Tyson Stevens. We had a blast on tour with our friends in Scary Kids back in the day. Such a loss... — Finch (@OfficialFinch) October 22, 2014
Source: www.musicfeeds.com.au
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Tuesday warned of the dangers of authoritarian populism and offered a thinly veiled critique of Donald Trump's prolific use of Twitter, saying it allowed the president-elect to avoid accountability.
In his most pointed public comments about Trump since the Nov. 8 presidential election, Kerry also suggested that the president-elect's Cabinet nominees were getting a free pass from Congress for failing to submit tax returns and other documentation before their Senate confirmation hearings.
“Every country in the world better ... start worrying about authoritarian populism and the absence of substance in our dialogue,” Kerry told a Washington forum.
“If policies are going to be made in 140 characters on Twitter, and every reasonable measurement of accountability is being bypassed, and people don't care about it, we have a problem,” Kerry said.
As an example of the absence of substance in the political debate, he said climate change was given short shrift during the campaign between Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
He contrasted his own vetting for secretary of state and the paperwork he had to provide with exceptions he said are being made for Trump Cabinet nominees before their confirmation hearings.
In December, Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman Bob Corker said the panel had not asked Rex Tillerson, Trump's choice for secretary of state, to provide his tax returns, which Corker said was in accordance with precedent.
Tillerson, the former chairman and chief executive of ExxonMobil Corp (XOM.N), has not submitted tax returns, but his financial disclosure and ethics agreement has been made public.
Kerry, a former senator and 2004 Democratic presidential nominee who became President Barack Obama's secretary of state in 2013, said it is “quite amazing when you think the hoops I had to jump through with respect to papers submitted, documentation submitted and tax returns. ... Suddenly that's not as important.”
Asked if he believed Trump's nominees were getting “a free pass,” Kerry chuckled and dodged the question.
Walter Shaub, director of the federal Office of Government Ethics, said in a letter to senators last week that he had “great concern” about the hearing schedule for Trump nominees who had not completed the ethics review process, and said it would be “cause for alarm if the Senate were to go forward with hearings on nominees whose reports OGE has not certified.”
With 10 days to go before Trump takes office, Kerry said there had been few high-level contacts between current State Department officials and Trump's transition team.
Asked about the transition at a forum at the nonpartisan U.S. Institute of Peace, Kerry said, “It's going pretty smoothly because there's not an enormous amount of it.”
“There are some people who have been in the building for a period of time, but you know quite candidly, I think there has not been a lot of high-level exchange at this point in time,” Kerry said.
Kerry said he had not yet met with Tillerson, but expected to do so soon. Kerry and Tillerson spoke last month by telephone, according to the State Department.
United States Secretary of State John Kerry speaks about climate change at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S. January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
A spokeswoman for the Trump transition team said she had no comment on Kerry's remarks.
Tillerson's Senate confirmation hearing is scheduled for Wednesday, and will be closely watched in part due to concerns about his relationship with Russia as ExxonMobil's top executive.
Trump has called for better ties with Russia, while some fellow Republicans in Congress are pushing for a harsher response to what American intelligence agencies have concluded was Kremlin meddling in the presidential election.
(There Will Be Spoilers)
Christopher Nolan didn't major in philosophy in college (or “read philosophy at University,” as the case may be), but he evidently has some familiarity with the subject. How do I know? Well, both of his two Batman films thus far have featured famous philosophical thought experiments.
In Batman Begins, we have the well-known trolley experiment, in which a person must imagine that s/he is on a trolley that is barreling down the tracks towards five people (or babies, depending on if your ethics professor is more or less of a sadist) who are tied onto the tracks. The imaginer can then either imagine that s/he pulls a lever, switching the trolley onto another track that only has one person (or baby) tied to it, or that s/he does nothing, allowing the trolley to kill the aforementioned five. The utilitarian will say, “I switch the trolley to the new track, because it's better to kill one person than to kill five.” The non-utilitarian will say, “I leave the trolley to kill the five, because at least then I am not morally at fault.” The main ethical question is: “Is there a difference between killing a person and letting a person die?”
In the first movie, Nolan gave Batman basically the same challenge, except he wasn't on a trolley–he was on an elevated subway–and there was only one person to kill: Mr. Ra's al Ghul. Batman's answer to the ethical dilemma is (and I quote): “I won't kill you, but I don't have to save you.” In other words, killing is wrong, but allowing someone to die is A-OK.
Of course, there's an added element here that the original thought experiment doesn't include: Ra's al Ghul is clearly a Bad Guy. Even a Super Villain. If Batman was in the original experiment, and the five people tied to the tracks were Rachel Dawes, Luscious–erm, Lucius Fox, Alfred, and both of his alive parents, while the one person on the second track was Ra's, I'm not sure he would have the same answer. Then again, Batman's one rule is not to kill his enemies… Hmm…
Anyway, Batman fans on the Internet fought over whether the Real Batman from the comics would actually allow an enemy to die, and we all thought that the thought experiments were over.
Oh, were we wrong.
In The Dark Knight, we got probably the most famous thought experiment of them all: The Prisoner's Dilemma. Here's the original version (from Wikipedia):
Two suspects are arrested by the police. The police have insufficient evidence for a conviction, and, having separated both prisoners, visit each of them to offer the same deal. If one testifies (“defects”) for the prosecution against the other and the other remains silent, the betrayer goes free and the silent accomplice receives the full 10-year sentence. If both remain silent, both prisoners are sentenced to only six months in jail for a minor charge. If each betrays the other, each receives a five-year sentence. Each prisoner must choose to betray the other or to remain silent. Each one is assured that the other would not know about the betrayal before the end of the investigation. How should the prisoners act?
Or, in visual form, via Encyclopaedia Britannica:
Don't remember that in The Dark Knight? Okay, let's pretend that we don't have two prisoners but hundreds, and let's pretend they aren't imprisoned in jail but on ferries in the middle of a river. And let's say they each have a detonator, and let's say the consequence of not defecting isn't a 10-year sentence but a fiery death. It's the same story, just with a little more… style.
Of course, in the film, idealism wins out–which is why I don't understand why so many reviews call the film bleak and despairing. Honestly, if I wrote the movie, the scene would go like this:
JOKER (over the PA): Tonight we're going to try a social experiment. You each have detonators to the other ferry. If, by midnight, you don't blow up the other ferry, I will explode you both. (Both ferries explode immediately.) JOKER (to Batman): Hahahahaha! You see, everyone is as evil as me! No, no, actually, that's not true at all. Because you know something, Batman? I was bluffing. I didn't even have a detonator at all! BATMAN: I am not amused.
Now that Mr. Nolan has used the two most popular thought experiments, what's left, we must wonder, for his third installation? Luckily for you, I was able to get my hands on some rough sketches of shots from Batman 3: The Riddler's Paradox:
PS: This isn't my last post on Batman. Not by a long shot.
For the rather large white fellows pictured above, carrying around a handgun just isn't enough anymore. They want the right to lug around their assault-style weapons wherever they go, because, goddamnit, this is America and the freedom to tote your gun -- any gun -- to the grocery store, while walking the Doberman or over to Elmer's house across town is enshrined in the Constitution.
Or something.
The NRA and the concealed and open carry crowd have made great gains in expanding the right to carry a weapon since the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Of course, the NRA and a lot of the gun crowd, particularly the gun toters, would have most Americans believe that carrying a weapon on one's person was as close to a God-given right as any right in the good ol' U.S. of A. Hell, we've been doin' that since the days of the ol' West when most real `Mericans had six-guns strapped to their hips, right?
Well, buckaroos, sorry to disappoint, but no. That's a myth. For more than 100 years, from the mid-1800s to the mid-1980s, it was illegal in nearly all states to strap on a handgun and roam the streets -- unless you were law enforcement or had a very rare special use permit.
What's so surprising is that even many concealed and open carry permit holders, including a number of (supposedly) well-informed gun toters and gun proponents here at Daily Kos, don't know the history of concealed and open carry laws in the United States. They have bought into the NRA propaganda that makes it seem as if strapping a handgun to one's side "has always been, and should always be" the law of the land.
Even in gun-crazy Texas, carrying a handgun outside of one's home beyond one's own property was not the law until 1995.
See, the thing is, the nation matured following the insanity of the civil war and decided that, hey, maybe having a bunch of folks wandering the highways and byways of America armed with pistols may not be the best thing for a civilized society. So the powers that be in most states banned the carrying of handguns, except in the case of sworn law enforcement personnel or the aforementioned rare, special use permit holders. Yep, even in Texas, toting around a pistol (except on you own land) was outlawed for more than 100 years:
It will probably be helpful to briefly cover the history of open-carry in Texas before getting into the issues that have arisen in the past and that we can expect to hear again in 2013. Since shortly after the end of the Civil War, it is being illegal for Texans to carry handguns outside your home, except in very limited circumstances (see above). In 1995, the Texas Legislature passed the first concealed handgun statute creating a system whereby Texans and nonresidents could obtain a Concealed Handgun License. The statute requires everyone who carries a handgun under the authority of their Concealed Handgun License to keep their handgun concealed so it will not be seen by the general public.
The push for concealed or open carry as either may issue or shall issue began in the late 1970s . Prior to 1976, only New Hampshire (1923), Vermont, Washington (1961) and Connecticut (1969) had legal handgun carry on the books.
Georgia Governor Zell Miller pushed through a concealed carry law at the NRA's urging in 1976. Indiana passed a bill in 1980, Maine and North Dakota in 1985, and South Dakota in 1986. Florida's law came on line in 1988, and other states then fell like dominoes:
1989 - Oregon, Pennsylvania and West Virginia
1990 - Idaho and Mississippi
1991 - Montana
1994 - Alaska, Arizona, Tennessee and Wyoming
1995 - Arkansas, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Texas, Nevada, Utah, and Virginia
1996 - Kentucky, Louisiana, and South Carolina
1998 - Alaska
Many folks here probably remember a time when the NRA was an organization dedicated to promoting the use of guns for sport, from hunting to competitive shooting. That was the NRA's primary mission right up until the late 1970s, just about the time the number of hunting licenses issued by states began an inexorable decline.
The NRA and its real constituency, the gun manufacturers, could see the handwriting on the wall: shotguns, hunting rifles and target pistols just weren't going to cut it anymore. The NRA and gun makers needed to open a more lucrative market for their products.
Thus, the dawning of the NRA and the gun makers' genius marketing strategy -- "handguns-as-self-defense" -- and the concurrent lobbying efforts to pass legislation in state after state to permit the carrying of handguns, either openly or concealed, in public spaces.
Now, our country is awash in guns. Among developed nations, the U.S. is an extreme outlier, with the gun death and injury rates to prove it.
So perhaps we can make an effort in the coming year to openly discuss our nation's gun insanity. We can explode the myths, and focus specifically on why we, as a nation, should be doing the bidding of the NRA and the gun makers in allowing an increasing number of citizens -- many of them frightened, out-of-shape white guys like the gun toters pictured above -- to be roaming the streets with pistols strapped to their bodies.
After all, is this any way for a civilized society to behave?
A vast majority of our leaders didn't think so from the 1860s all the way through the late 1970s. They were right. Why are we going backwards as a civilization instead of forward into a more just and peaceful world?
[UPDATE]
Meteor Blades points out, below, that open carry was permissible in many states for varying periods of time. The chart I linked to do not cover open carry, but only concealed carry. My mistake. The chart is not labeled as such. In addition, the source I cite on Texas is an NRA member and gun rights supporter. He has his information wrong. Open carry (with limitations) was permissible in Texas. Concealed carry was passed in 1996.
I was out of town yesterday (at the Maple Leafs vs. the Redwings in the Big House in Ann Arbor!), away from the computer or I would have edited sooner. My mistake and I apologize.
I would also appreciate it if the gun crowd would not alter my tags. Thanks.
​Image: ​nersc.gov
Python already has a reputation as a classy do-anything programming language—or programming cult, depending on who you ask—with an emphasis on easily readable or at least pretty code and intuitive syntax and behavior. Anecdotally, it's probably the most frequent "favorite" language I encounter. I think xkcd sums it up well enough:
​
Anyhow, the annual Python conference PyCon is underway this week in Montreal and you can find the full schedule here—it is indeed full, with sessions ranging from "Data Science in Advertising: Or a future when we love ads" to "The Ethical Consequences Of Our Collective Activities" to "'Words, words, words': Reading Shakespeare with Python." I'm excited and, as a diehard fan of the archaic and pointlessly tedious (also: curly braces), I don't even really use Python—though that resistance is crumbling fast.
Here's one PyCom session worth sharing (of many), and it illustrates a couple of important things simultaneously: one, simulating a brain is really hard and probably impossible given any conceivable technology and, two, Python rules and its simplicity/intuitiveness do well in unraveling neurocomplexity. With a half-dozen lines of code, you or I could make and observe a neuron—yes, our very own neuron—as it monitors incoming currents and sends impulses.
The talk comes courtesy of Trevor Bekolay, a computational neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo. Bekolay introduces several Python tools that enable the simulation of neurons, such as Brian and an adaptation of the classic Neuron simulator software, but, mostly, the Nenga Neural Simulator project, which Bekolay is a developer on. The key difference with Nengo is that it allows a natural and intuitive scaling up of neurological processes.
"At the University of Waterloo, we have been working on a new approach to scaling up brain simulations, and a new Python package to support that approach," Bekolay writes in the presentation's abstract. "Instead of focusing on biologically accurate neurons, we focus on how to connect neurons together such that they can compute interesting functions."
From a computer science perspective, the Nenga approach is pretty interesting. It follows something like the code-compiler-machine instruction process that allows programming languages, even elegant high-level languages like Python, to be translated into the gritty not-so-elegant assembly and machine instructions that actually tell computer hardware what to do.
Nenga offers a set of functional (corresponding to functions of the brain) constructions that can be called simply via Python and which correspond to the holy mess that is actual neurology, which might look a bit like a tangle of machine instructions.
And so it becomes possible to put together simple-seeming commands and objects in interesting, hopefully relevant ways. As Bekolay notes, this is a potentially powerful tool in the development of new forms of artificial intelligence.
Image caption The 2011 quake caused massive destruction on Japan's north-eastern coastline
The chance of a big earthquake hitting the Japanese capital in the next few years is much greater than official predictions suggest, researchers say.
The team, from the University of Tokyo, said there was a 75% probability that a magnitude seven quakes would strike the region in the next four years.
The government says the chances of such an event are 70% in the next 30 years.
The warning comes less than a year after a massive earthquake and tsunami devastated Japan's north-eastern coast.
The last time Tokyo was hit by a big earthquake was in 1923, when a 7.9 magnitude quake killed more than 100,000 people, many of them in fires.
Researchers at the University of Tokyo's earthquake research institute based their figures on data from the growing number of tremors in the capital since the 11 March 2011 quake.
They say that compared with normal years, there has been a five-fold increase in the number of quakes in the Tokyo metropolitan area since the March disaster.
They based their calculations on data from Japan's Meteorological Agency, They said their results show that seismic activity had increased in the area around the capital, which in turn leads to a higher probability of a major quake.
The researchers say that while it is "hard to predict" the casualty impact of a major quake on Tokyo, the government and individuals should be prepared for it.
Correspondents say that while the university calculations take account of greater seismic activity since March, government calculations may use different or less up-to-date data and different modelling techniques.
The 9.0 magnitude earthquake last year also crippled the cooling systems at the Fukushima nuclear power station, causing meltdowns in some of its reactors.
Japan is located on a tectonic crossroads dubbed the "Pacific Ring of Fire" which is why its is commonly regarded as one of the world's most quake-prone countries, with Tokyo located in one of the most dangerous areas.
“Look, Your Worshipfulness, let's get one thing straight. I take orders from just one person: me.”
–Han Solo, Star Wars: A New Hope
The grand strategies of war can be carefully planned—accounting for supply lines, maneuvering armies and armadas to apply maximum pressure, or painstakingly plotting a vital ambush. Still, even the greatest plans must alter—if not crumble—upon contact with the enemy. When the concussive blast of thermal detonators mixes with the hiss of blaster fire and brutal cries of melee combat, even veteran soldiers may struggle to remember orders and prioritize their objectives.
In your games of Star Wars™: Legion, you take on the gripping role of an infantry commander in the Star Wars universe, leading your troops and vehicles into battle on one of the countless unseen battlefields of the Galactic Civil War. Your forces are well trained and you know your objectives, but your army is not a machine that can respond instantaneously to every command. You'll need to deliver orders to your troops to impose your will on the chaos of battle, and in today's preview of Star Wars: Legion, we'll look closer at command cards, ordering your troops, and how you'll turn your greatest plans into action.
Choosing a Plan
Your battles in Star Wars: Legion unfold over the course of six rounds. During these six rounds, you'll lead glorious infantry charges, send powerful vehicles stomping forward or zipping across the battlefield, and join iconic heroes and villains in lethal lightsaber duels. But just as every battle begins with a single order, every round of Star Wars: Legion begins with you and your opponent secretly selecting command cards.
The command card that you choose comes from a hand of seven carefully chosen command cards that you'll assemble before the game begins, as part of building your army. Both factions have access to a few neutral command cards, such as Push, but every commander in Star Wars: Legion also comes with three unique command cards, such as New Ways to Motivate Them or Return of the Jedi. These command cards represent a commander's signature tactics or characteristic leadership, and with the special powers they carry, they're almost always more powerful than the neutral command cards. You can't use command cards over and over, however. After a command card is used, it's discarded and can never be used again during this game!
Whichever command card you choose at the beginning of the round, it sets the tone for your army's maneuvers, because these command cards determine two vital pieces of information—which player has priority and how many units can receive your orders this round.
In the upper-left corner of every command card, you will see a number of pips. If your command card has fewer pips than your opponent's, you win priority—the chance to act first throughout the round! Activating first can be a powerful tactical advantage for you to harness—if you make the first attack, there's a good chance you could pin an enemy down with blaster fire or inflict losses before that unit has a chance to activate.
There's always a balance that must be maintained, however. Cards like Ambush, with only a single pip for priority, give you a very good chance of going first. But in exchange, you can only give orders to a single unit. Considering the balance between priority and the number of orders you issue, and choosing the perfect command card for your strategy each round is just the first of the choices you'll make during the command phase.
Issue Your Orders
If your command card determines the broad strategy that you plan to execute this round, the orders that you deliver to your troops are your primary way to impose your will on the unfolding battle. Your command card determines how many units you can order, but all of your orders ultimately originate from your commander—an iconic character like Luke Skywalker or Darth Vader.
Every unit in a game of Star Wars: Legion has an order token displaying that unit's rank on the battlefield—commander, corps, special forces, support, or heavy. (You can see examples of these order tokens above.) When issuing orders, you simply choose units within Range 3 of your commander and place those units' order tokens next to them. Of course, you're limited to the number of orders shown in the orders section of your command card. Once you've assigned your orders, all of your unused order tokens (corresponding to the unordered units in your army) are shuffled facedown or placed in a bag to randomize them.
For instance, in the example above, you have played Push, which allows you to order any two units within range of your commander, Darth Vader. One unit of Stormtroopers is outside Darth Vader's command radius, and cannot be ordered. You decide to issue orders to Darth Vader, placing a commander order token by him, and the second unit of Stormtroopers, placing a corps order token by them. The order tokens for the 74-Z Speeder Bikes and one unit of Stormtroopers are randomized by shuffling them facedown.
Essentially, the orders that you issue cut through the chaos and uncertainty of battle to give you control over exactly when a unit will activate. You and your opponent will alternate activating units, and every time it's your turn, you face a choice. You could activate a unit that you issued orders to, sending your plans cascading into action as Rebel Troopers open fire or Darth Vader stalks unstoppably forward. Or, you may draw a random order token from your unused order tokens and activate any unit with the corresponding rank.
Every unit in your army will activate during every round of the game—but if you don't issue orders to a unit, you can't predict exactly when that unit may activate. In one round, you may need your 74-Z Speeder Bikes to hold off until the last possible second, waiting on your wing before zipping forward to strafe enemy troopers. Or, perhaps Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker are caught in a deadly lightsaber battle, and you desperately need to strike first in the duel. By assigning orders to your units, you can be certain that they will activate exactly when you need them to—whether early or late.
If a unit in your army did not receive orders from your commander, you must activate them when you draw their order token—and at certain times, that means adapting to the chaos of battle and activating a unit before you planned. This is hardly the end for a seasoned commander, however—navigating the challenging command system of Star Wars: Legion and issuing your orders to just the right units are the momentous choices that define every game of Star Wars: Legion.
Move on Their Position!
The battle is raging around you as you fight for freedom or tyranny on another war-torn battlefield of the Galactic Civil War.
CTV.ca News Staff
New research suggests celiac disease can develop at any age -- even in seniors who seemed for decades to be able to eat the foods that trigger the autoimmune disease.
According to research published in the Annals of Medicine, there has been a five-fold increase in the prevalence of celiac disease during the past 30 years, and a lot of these new cases are being diagnosed in elderly people.
The findings could prompt doctors to rethink some of their most basic assumptions about the disorder -- including that the disease begins in childhood.
Celiac disease is triggered by eating gluten, the protein in many grains including wheat, barley, and rye. The condition prompts the immune system to destroy the lining of the small intestine. That then prevents people from absorbing nutrients and causes diarrhea, weight loss, anemia and fatigue.
It has long been assumed that celiac disease developed during childhood, following the first exposure to gluten, and that patients diagnosed in adulthood had likely had the condition all their lives but hadn't realized it.
This new research suggests it's possible that some people can eat gluten with no problems for decades and then suddenly lose their ability to tolerate it.
"You're never too old to develop celiac disease," Dr. Alessio Fasano, director of the University of Maryland's Mucosal Biology Research Center and the Center for Celiac Research, which led the study, said in a news release.
For the study, Fasano and others studied the prevalence of celiac disease by analyzing the blood markers from more than 3,500 U.S. adults who participated in a two-part study conducted in 1974 and in 1989.
They found that the number of people in the study with blood markers of celiac disease increased from one in 501 in 1974 to one in 219 in 1989. The Celiac Disease Foundation states that one out of 133 people now has celiac disease.
As the people in the study aged, the incidence of celiac disease rose. That echoes the findings of a 2008 Finnish study in Digestive and Liver Disease that found the prevalence of celiac disease in the elderly to be nearly two and a half times higher than the general population.
"You're not necessarily born with celiac disease," said Dr. Carlo Catassi, the lead author of the paper and co-director of the Center for Celiac Research. "Our findings show that some people develop celiac disease quite late in life."
In light of the findings, Dr. Catassi suggests that doctors should consider screening their elderly patients for celiac disease if they complain of intestinal problems, even if they have tested negative for the condition in the past.
It remains a mystery how and why some people lose their tolerance to gluten. Some genetic markers have been identified, but even those with the markers aren't always destined to develop the autoimmune disease.
That suggests that some environmental factor or factors other than gluten must be in play, says Dr. Fasano.
"Our study shows that environmental factors cause an individual's immune system to lose tolerance to gluten, given the fact that genetics was not a factor in our study since we followed the same individuals over time," said Fasano.
Identifying those factors could lead to new treatments and perhaps even ways to prevent the disease. Researchers at the University of Maryland Center for Celiac Research are working toward that goal, says Fasano.
A couple weeks back, a Riot reader who goes under the alias Anne Boleyn asked the Book Riot community to recommend books about books. She didn't specify fiction or non, so we left it open, and HOO BOY. If ever there were a request in y'all's wheelhouse, it's this one! Here's what you shouted out in the comments and on Facebook and Twitter.
The Book Thief by Markus Zusak
The Inkheart Trilogy by Cornelia Funke
The Haunted Bookshop by Christopher Morley
In Quest of the Perfect Book by William Dana Orcutt
84, Charing Cross Road by Helene Hanff
Among Others by Jo Walton
Letters to Alice on First Reading Jane Austen by Fay Weldon
The Shadow of the Wind by Carlos Ruiz Zafon
The Breath of God by Jeffrey Small
O, Juliet by Robin Maxwell
Parnassus on Wheels by Christopher Morley
People of the Book by Geraldine Brooks
Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader by Anne Fadiman
Library of Shadows by Mikkel Birkegaard
The Thursday Next series by Jasper Fforde
The Book of Lost Things by John Connolly
The Last Dickens by Matthew Pearl
The Name of the Rose by Umberto Eco
The World According to Garp by John Irving
Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress by Dai Sijie
Everything I Needed to Know About Being a Girl I Learned from Judy Blume edited by Jennifer O'Connell
Firmin: Adventures of a Metropolitan Lowlife by Sam Savage
City of the Dreaming Books by Walter Moers
Anne Frank: The Book, The Life, The Afterlife by Francine Prose
Reading Like a Writer by Francine Prose
American Pastoral by Philip Roth
The Fault in Our Stars by John Green
Tolstoy and the Purple Chair by Nina Sankovitch
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society by Mary Ann Shaffer and Annie Barrows
The Yellow-Lighted Bookshop by Lewis Buzbee
The Polysyllabic Spree by Nick Hornby
Imagined London by Anna Quindlen
A Gentle Madness by Nicholas Basbanes
Ex-Libris by Ross King
The Club Dumas by Arturo Perez-Reverte
The Book of Air and Shadows by Michael Gruber
The Bookman mystery series by John Dunning
Kensington Gardens by Rodrigo Fresan
Possession by A.S. Byatt
The Pagemaster by David Kirschner
The Man Who Loved Books Too Much by Alison Hoover Bartlett
Books by Larry McMurtry
Pale Fire by Vladimir Nabokov
The Thirteenth Tale by Diane Setterfield
How Reading Changed My Life by Anna Quindlen
Ruined by Reading by Lynne Sharon Schwartz
Shelf Life by Gary Paulson
A Reader's Delight by Noel Perrin
Time Was Soft There: A Paris Sojourn at Shakespeare & Co. by Jeremy Mercer
What the Dormouse Said: Lessons for Grown-ups from Children's Books collected by Amy Gash
The Historian by Elizabeth Kostova
So Many Books, So Little Time: A Year of Passionate Reading by Sara Nelson
The Book on the Bookshelf by Henry Petroski
Behind the Bestsellers by Jenny Bond and Chris Sheedy
Specimen Days by Michael Cunningham
Ella Minnow Pea by Mark Dunn
Hit Lit by James W. Hall
Sign up to Unusual Suspects to receive news and recommendations for mystery/thriller readers. Thank you for signing up! Keep an eye on your inbox.
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service
Not A Joke: Comcast Says No One Is More Dedicated To Net Neutrality Than It Is
A month ago, Comcast and Netflix seemed to be buddy-buddy when the streaming video service agreed to pay a price to end Comcast's passive-aggressive efforts to make sure its customers had cruddy access to Netflix. Then today, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings had a not-so-nice word or two about his new paid-peering partner.
In a Netflix blog post titled “Internet Tolls And The Case For Strong Net Neutrality,” Hastings writes candidly (at least as candidly as the CEO of a huge company can be) about his true feelings regarding Comcast and the deal his company made to ensure that Comcast Internet subscribers could actually have access to Netflix.
“A few weeks ago, we agreed to pay Comcast and our members are now getting a good experience again,” says Hastings. “Comcast has been an industry leader in supporting weak net neutrality, and we hope they'll support strong net neutrality as well.”
SOMEONE ACTUALLY SAID THIS WITHOUT LAUGHING
Though Hastings also mentioned other companies — most notably Verizon, whose lawsuit resulted in the recent gutting of the Open Internet rules that had prevented ISPs from throttling or blocking access to websites and services — Comcast's David Cohen, Exec. VP of Shoving Mergers Down Consumers' Throats, actually released the following laughable statement to Consumerist and other outlets:
“There has been no company that has had a stronger commitment to openness of the Internet than Comcast. We supported the FCC's Open Internet rules because they struck the appropriate balance between consumer protection and reasonable network management rights for ISPs. We are now the only ISP in the country that is bound by them.”
W-W-WAIT A MINUTE
(Insert sound of record scratching for full effect.)
What Comcast's Regulator Whisperer fails to mention is that Comcast is only still bound by those Open Internet rules because it's part of the agreement Comcast made to fool the FCC and Justice Dept. into allowing its merger with NBC Universal.
This is like a paroled convict saying she's a real homebody without revealing that she's not allowed to leave her home except for trips to work and to visit her parole officer. Or someone who brags about having a positive impact on the environment by only using public transportation without mentioning that he had his license taken away.
While we're at it, let's continue to call B.S. on Cohen's inane claim that Comcast is some crusader for net neutrality. As Senator Al Franken of Minnesota recently pointed out in his timeline of Comcast's checked history, Comcast was caught not only throttling BitTorrent traffic for its users, but lied to consumers and regulators that it was a matter of network efficiency. The FCC referred to Comcast's actions as a “discriminatory and arbitrary practice [that] unduly squelches the dynamic benefits of an open and accessible Internet and does not constitute reasonable network management.”
LET'S BE HONEST FOR A SEC
Do not be fooled. Comcast is not, and will never be, a supporter of true net neutrality. It begrudgingly accepted the terms placed upon it by regulators, terms that expire in 2018, meaning that Comcast can then join in the fun of blocking and throttling services that compete with its on-demand offerings.
Additionally, the conditions of the now-dead Open Internet rules were vague enough to allow for ISPs to make end-runs around the regulations by allowing for bottlenecks on the wholesale end, where bandwidth providers connect to ISP networks, and which were not guided by the weak-kneed net neutrality rules.
“The essence of net neutrality is that ISPs such as AT&T and Comcast don't restrict, influence or otherwise meddle with the choices consumers make,” writes Hastings, calling the rules that were recently shredded “insufficient” in meeting those aspirations.
He calls for regulators to craft a stronger series of rules that would also prevent ISPs “from charging a toll for interconnection to services like Netflix, YouTube, or Skype,” or to the bandwidth providers they contract out to.
Strong neutrality rules, says Hastings, “must provide sufficient access to their network without charge.”
“Without strong net neutrality, big ISPs can demand potentially escalating fees for the interconnection required to deliver high quality service,” contends the Netflix CEO. “The big ISPs can make these demands — driving up costs and prices for everyone else — because of their market position.”
Kabul: The Afghan Taliban has officially denied any negotiations or exchange of information with Russia to fight the spread of the Islamic State terror group in Afghanistan.
The group dismissed the claims on Saturday, saying they “don't need anyone's support to fight and eliminate the presence of IS”.
“We are having talks, but not about fighting the IS. We want foreign forces out of our country, that is what we are talking about at the moment,” a Taliban spokesperson told Al Jazeera.
“They [IS fighters] are a few bunches based only in Nangarhar (province) and are not a big or a strong group that we would be threatened with.”
Zamir Kabulov, official at the Russian foreign ministry and President Vladimir Putin's special representative for Afghanistan, said earlier this week that “the Taliban interest objectively coincides with ours”.
“I have already said earlier that we and the Taliban have channels for exchanging information,” he said in remarks carried by Russian media.
“Both the Taliban of Afghanistan and the Taliban of Pakistan have said that they don't recognise (IS leader Abu Bakr) Al-Baghdadi as a caliph, that they don't recognise IS. Their interests coincide with ours.”
Earlier, a Taliban breakaway faction condemned the Russian-Taliban “shared interest” in fighting IS in Afghanistan.
Abdul Manan Niazi, spokesperson for the group, told the channel that partnering with Russia was “a fight against all Muslims” in the country.
“They have now turned to infidels to gather support and find a reason to kill their rivals who disagree with them and their strategies,” he said.
“IS does not exist in Afghanistan, there are just a few bunches from Pakistan who are IS loyalists. To fight that small group does not require Russia or anybody else's support. This is completely against what our former leader Mullah Omar would have wished for.”
Even though Russia claims to have a communication channel with the Taliban, they are banned in the country, along with the IS. For more than a decade the Taliban has been considered by Moscow as a potential source of terror and instability in the former Soviet Union.
The IS has emerged in a number of different areas of Afghanistan and vowed to step up operations.
–Indo-Aisan News Service
But the truth is, it's a system in crisis, and the reason it's a system in crisis is it's a linear system and we live on a finite planet, and you cannot run a linear system on a finite planet indefinitely. From its extraction through sale, use and disposal, all the stuff in our lives affects communities at home and abroad, yet most of this is hidden from view. The Story of Stuff is a 20-minute, fast-paced, fact-filled look at the underside of our production and consumption patterns.
The Story of Stuff exposes the connections between a huge number of environmental and social issues, and calls us together to create a more sustainable and just world. It'll teach you something, it'll make you laugh, and it just may change the way you look at all the stuff in your life forever.
My grandmother-in-law, Virginia, was over 90 years old when she pulled a yellowed envelope containing four film negatives out of one of her many photo albums. Like we'd done many times before, she was sharing the memories of her adventurous life captured in those albums, and I was always enthralled with the places she'd been and the people she'd met, but the writing on the envelope: “Slocum 1906,” gave me goose bumps. “Oh my God,” I said as I held one of the negatives to the light. “These are photos of Joshua Slocum and Spray.” In my excitement I foolishly asked, “Did you meet Joshua Slocum when you were a kid?!” “No,” she said, “I don't think so (she hadn't been born yet). But my father probably would have gone down to the pier to see what was going on.”
“Hmmmm,” I thought. “Did my wife's great-grandfather meet the very first cruiser and even take pictures in 1906?” It's totally possible. Generations of Virginia's family had spent summers in Hyannis Port, Massachusetts, and the Hyannis Port coastline and pier are easily identifiable in the shots, but that's about all I could find out. Virginia understood my excitement and my journalistic desire to know more about these fantastic, perhaps historically significant photographs, but she had to admit: “I really don't know who took those pictures.”
So, I had prints made from the negatives and did a little digging. I found the iconic images and drawings of Slocum and Spray online, but none that matched what we had. Ted Jones, the Commodore of the Joshua Slocum Society International, could not confirm that the photos had never been published before, but he did say that he'd never seen them before. Several other Slocum sources yielded similar answers. I can't say for sure that these photos have “never been seen before,” but the fact that we found negatives rather than a collection of prints lead me to believe that it very well could be.
But as I continued to look for clues in the 100-year-old photos, I realized I was missing the point. For me, they are simply a gift that helps me remember my connection to my wife's grandmother who I loved (Virginia has since passed away), and to Slocum, who inspired me to get in way over my head, and survive, during my adventurous youth. So, I hope these photos help the memory of Slocum come alive and inspire you to go on an adventure just as much as they do for me.
And talk about a disruptive! Slocum and Spray define the term and have been inspiring generations of long distance sailors to sail over the horizon for over 100 years.
Progressive Conservative Leader Tim Hudak's pledge to demolish 100,000 public sector jobs has stirred a hornet's nest of opinion in the Ontario election race. It appears that the main issue in this campaign is firming up to be job creation, with all parties proposing various policy options (with varying credibility).
Ontario PC Leader Tim Hudak has a plan to cut 100,000 public sector jobs. ( Frank Gunn / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Hudak is the only candidate whose starting point would be to cut jobs. It's a plan that's even more extreme than the cuts made by former premier Mike Harris in the 1990s. Between 1995 and 2002, Harris cut about 7,000 public sector jobs, thrusting the province into a period of labour turmoil and eroding public services. At the federal level, Prime Minister Stephen Harper has also had a bull's eye on the back of public sector workers, but even his attempts to cut jobs pale in comparison to Hudak's pledge.
Article Continued Below
The parliamentary budget officer estimates 20,000 federal public service positions have been cut since March 2010, with an additional 8,900 positions scheduled to be eliminated by 2016-17. So who would be affected if Hudak made good on his pledge? Statistics Canada indicates there were 88,483 Ontario public servants in the general government category in 2012, the most recent year of data available. This includes the core public service, agencies, boards and commissions (such as Metrolinx, the Ontario Municipal Board, the Niagara Falls Bridge authority and several hundred other organizations), provincial police and judicial employees. Certainly, not every job in the provincial government would be axed. That means the job cuts would have to reach into the broader public sector and impact service areas such as public education and health care. At his press conference last Friday, Hudak confirmed that teachers would be on the chopping block saying, “Will it mean fewer teachers? It does.”
Eliminating 100,000 jobs would amount to 15.3 per cent of Ontario's provincial public servants — 1.5 per cent of the total jobs in Ontario. And the effects wouldn't be limited to the public service, because government decisions to cut or spend have a multiplier effect on the economy.
Article Continued Below
The federal ministry of finance estimates the multiplier effect of government spending is approximately 1.5. That means every dollar the government spends generates an additional 50 cents in economic activity through increased consumer spending, business activity and other second order effects. Using that multiplier, we estimate the impact of cutting 100,000 good jobs out of Ontario's economy would result in the loss of an additional 50,000 private sector jobs — because those who used to be employed in the public sector would no longer have the money they need to participate in the local economy, go to movies, eat at local restaurants and shop in local stores. And this is a conservative estimate. Others have estimated private sector job losses to be as high as 67,000. In 1995, the Ontario Progressive Conservatives estimated that the $10.5-billion withdrawal from the Ontario economy — due to a combination of spending and tax cuts — would act as a fiscal drag on economic growth of 0.4 per cent annually for five years. The cuts proposed by Hudak are significantly larger. This demolition plan would also decrease government revenues because all of those laid-off workers would stop paying taxes. Ontario's already giving up a cumulative of $19 billion in foregone revenue due to a political tax cut agenda that started in the 1990s. Additional tax cuts on Hudak's agenda would further erode Ontario's fiscal coffers and the quality of public services. Put simply, firing 100,000 public servants would likely jolt Ontario's economy into a period of decline. That runs counter to the need for more and better jobs. And it certainly isn't how to slay a deficit. Kaylie Tiessen is economist with the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives' Ontario office. Kayle Hatt is a research associate with the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives.
Submitted by Sean Kerrigan via SeanKerrigan.com,
We've done several exposés on the prison system in America, including The Prison System Runs Amok, Expands at Frightening Pace (Sept 6, 2012) and Selling the American Dream is the Biggest Market of All (Sept. 30, 2013), but there's still much more to be said about this topic. America's massive prison system is creating a long list of unintended consequences, some of which will effect all of us in the coming years. To help explain just how bad things have gotten, we've compiled this list of the most stunning facts and statistics on the America's prison system today.
1) Because of its prison system, the US is the only country in the world where more men are raped than women.
According to the 2011 report from Department of Justice, nearly one in 10 prisoners report having been raped or sexually assaulted by other inmates, staff or both. According to a revised report from the US Department of Justice, there were 216,000 victims of rape in US prisons in 2008. That is roughly 600 a day or 25 every hour.
Those numbers are of victims, not instances, which would be much higher since many victims were reportedly assaulted multiple times throughout the year. Excluding prison rapes, there about 200,000 rapes per year in America, and roughly 91 percent of those victims are women. If these numbers are accurate, this means that America is the only country in the world where more men are raped than women.
Even if the number of unreported rapes outside of prison were substantially larger than most experts believe, the fact that many victims in prison tend to be raped repeatedly would indicate that rape against men is at least comparable to rape against women.
Kendell Spruce was one such inmate, sentenced to six years for forging a check for which he hoped to purchase crack cocaine. In a National Prison Rape Elimination Commission testimony, Spruce said:
“I was raped by at least 27 different inmates over a nine month period. I don't have to tell you that it was the worst nine months of my life… [I] was sent into protective custody. But I wasn't safe there either. They put all kinds of people in protective custody, including sexual predators. I was put in a cell with a rapist who had full-blown AIDS. Within two days, he forced me to give him oral sex and anally raped me.”
Spruce was diagnosed with “full blown AIDS” in 2002 and died three years later.
2) There are more black slaves in America today than in 1850.
This sounds outrageous. How can there be more slaves in America today than before the Civil War? First, consider there are more black men in prison today than there were slaves in 1850, according to Michelle Alexander, an Ohio State law professor, who cited the last census immediately before the Civil War. This comparison not account for changes in population, but the statistic is accurate in terms of sheer numbers .
Next, consider the 13th Amendment to the constitution which reads:
“Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.”
Note there is an exception to the otherwise total abolition of slavery. Those suffering “punishment for a crime” can still be constitutionally enslaved. In other words, everyone convicted of a crime is at least potentially a slave. The Supreme Court has not ruled on whether or not they technically are slaves, but practically it is obvious they are.
Slavery has different definitions, but almost all include the following characteristics: 1) A slave is forced to work under threat of physical or psychological threat. 2) A slave is considered owned property, an asset or commodity which can be sold. Finally, a slave has restrictions on their liberties, including freedom of movement. Right or wrong, a US prison inmate easily meets these criteria.
Prisoners can be denied communication with their fellow inmates, or forbidden from voluntary associations including union membership. Obviously, they are denied their freedom to leave the prison, but they are also forced to work unpaid or for extremely low wages. Prisoners are effectively being bought and sold to private corporations who are using them as cheep labor for private gains. There is also a market for younger and healthier prisoners because their healthcare cost make them less expensive to hold. Private prison contracts allow the transfer of prisoners to state run institutions.
If this is not slavery, then what is?
3) Solitary confinement, widely used in American prisons, is regarded internationally as torture.
This form of punishment has become increasingly common in the US since it was introduced as a part of America's then new “Supermax” prison system which began growing in the mid-1980s. Prisoners held in solitary confinement are typically kept in a small, windowless cell for 23 hours a day, with minimal access to lawyers, family and guards. The number of prisoners currently in solitary is estimated to be around 80,000, though the number is growing faster than the overall prison population, indicating the method is becoming increasingly normalized.
Solitary confinement is used against a variety of offenders, including those picked up for immigration violations, which is a misdemeanor or the legal equivalent of a reckless driving ticket. Others are placed in solitary confinement “for their own protection” since they may be a target of other violent inmates. There are few regulations prohibiting its use or duration.
The Sun Times reports that Former US Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr., who is currently serving a prisons sentence for breaking campaign finance laws, was removed from the general prison population and placed in solitary confinement for 5 days after “advising other inmates in North Carolina about their rights in prison, according to the source, who said a guard took exception to that.”
Human rights groups have called the practice torture. The Center for Constitutional Rights argues:
“Researchers have demonstrated that prolonged solitary confinement causes a persistent and heightened state of anxiety and nervousness, headaches, insomnia, lethargy or chronic tiredness, nightmares, heart palpitations, and fear of impending nervous breakdowns. Other documented effects include obsessive ruminations, confused thought processes, an oversensitivity to stimuli, irrational anger, social withdrawal, hallucinations, violent fantasies, emotional flatness, mood swings, chronic depression, feelings of overall deterioration, as well as suicidal ideation.”
This was known as far back as the 1890s, when the Supreme Court originally ruled on the practice. They noted then:
“A considerable number of the prisoners fell, after even a short confinement, into a semi-fatuous condition, from which it was next to impossible to arouse them, and others became violently insane; others still committed suicide, while those who stood the ordeal better were not generally reformed, and in most cases did not recover sufficient mental activity to be of any subsequent service to the community.”
Despite this admission, the practice itself wasn't ruled on and the method is still used today.
4) The food served in prisons is often stale, moldy, under-cooked, unhealthy and scarce.
In the 1940s, prison food used to be good, offering a wide variety of options. Today, they call it “shit on a shingle.” The reality is not much worse. State budget cuts and the trend to privatize prisons and prison services has substantially cut food variety and quality.
Incentives to cut costs exist at the institutional and individual level. In Alabama, state law allows law enforcement to pocket leftover funds after feeding prisoners provided they can still provide for their basic needs. The incentive to cut on quality and quantity resulted in the arrest and sentencing of Morgan County Sheriff Greg Bartlett who kept over $200,000 in funds intended for prisoners. The judge concluded that Bartlett had failed to provide “a nutritionally adequate diet.”
In April 2008, 277 prisoners at Florida's Santa Rosa Correctional Institution became sick after eating chili. The Tampa Bay Times repoted the Philadelphia based food provider, Aramark, “landed the state contract in 2001 and is currently paid $2.67 per inmate for three meals a day. It serves about 60,000 inmates across Florida and contends it has saved the state $100-million in food costs.” The chili story is not an anomaly; it has been repeated across the country including New Jersey, where Aramark also provides meals.
This video shows some of what prisoners in Alabama are forced to eat — rotten and uncooked meat. It's difficult to hear, but skip to 0:59 to get a good view of what the meat looks like.
Even when the food isn't rotten, that doesn't mean it is particularly appetizing. Occasionally, the food tastes so bad that it has been considered “unconstitutional” in some states. States like Illinois and Pennsylvania feed inmates food called “Nutraloaf,” a mix of raw vegetables shaped like a meatloaf. In this video, the staff of the Glens Fall Post Star newspaper taste test the block of food. They conclude, “One bite is one thing, but if you have to live on that, that is awful.”
Sickness and hunger are a common and increasingly accepted part of being a prisoner in America. In addition to stale and rotten food, servings are often extremely small. Truthdig columnist Chris Hedges quotes a prison inmate who said, “You could eat six portions like the ones we served and still be hungry. If we put more than the required portion on the tray the Aramark people would make us take it off. It wasn't civilized. I lost 30 pounds. I would wake up at night and put toothpaste in my mouth to get rid of the hunger urge.” Read the rest of Truthdig's expose for more.
5) Many prisoners are forced to work real jobs for private corporations, forcing down wages in the rest of the economy.
While cheap sweatshop labor is becoming increasingly common across the country, no one takes better advantage of the system than prisons.
Alternet reports that almost 1 million prisoners are doing simple unskilled labor including “making office furniture, working in call centers, fabricating body armor, taking hotel reservations, working in slaughterhouses, or manufacturing textiles, shoes, and clothing, while getting paid somewhere between 93 cents and $4.73 per day.” They continue:
“Rarely can you find workers so pliable, easy to control, stripped of political rights, and subject to martial discipline at the first sign of recalcitrance — unless, that is, you traveled back to the nineteenth century when convict labor was commonplace nationwide…. It was one vital way the United States became a modern industrial capitalist economy — at a moment, eerily like our own, when the mechanisms of capital accumulation were in crisis.”
Compare the cost of less than $5 a day with the cost of a minimum wageworker at $58 a day and you begin to see the perverse influence on the entire labor market.
CNN Money reports that prison inmates are now directly competing for jobs in the rest of the economy, and employers are finding it increasingly difficult to keep up. Lost jobs are the result. They cite one company, American Apparel Inc., which makes military uniforms. They write:
“‘We pay employees $9 on average,' [a company executive] said. ‘They get full medical insurance, 401(k) plans and paid vacation. Yet we're competing against a federal program that doesn't pay any of that.'
[The private prison] is not required to pay its workers minimum wage and instead pays inmates 23 cents to $1.15 an hour. It doesn't have health insurance costs. It also doesn't shell out federal, state or local taxes.”
The new influx of cheap, domestic labor will inevitably drive down wages for both skilled and unskilled jobs.
It's the age old question that worries men the world over - does size matter?
Now, a new survey has aimed to answer the question once and for all and concludes - well, sort of - and it depends on where you live.
Online sexual health site DrEd quizzed women and men across the world about how big they believe the average penis really is - and what size they'd like it to be.
Unsurprisingly, men's perception of the average was longer than women's.
Men perceived the average to be 14.1 cm (5.6 inches), while women thought it was 13.8 cm (5.4 inches).
When asked about their ideal length, men idolised 16.6 cm (6.5 inches), while women were content with 15.8 cm (6.2 inches).
And our perception of size varies vastly by which country we come from, the survey revealed.
Poles, Austrians and Italians had the highest expectations, while the Portugese, French and British were the most modest in their estimations.
Men perceived the average penis length to be 14.1 cm (5.6 inches), while women thought it was 13.8 cm (5.4 inches). When asked about their ideal length, men idolised 16.6 cm (6.5 inches), while women were content with 15.8 cm (6.2 inches)
Commenting on the study's conclusions, a spokesperson from DrEd said: 'When it comes to perceptions of average size, men and women have very similar ideas.
'Women estimated the average penis length to be 13.8 cm [5.4 inches], and for men, this was only 0.3 cm [0.1 inch] greater.
'We compared this to the results of a 2015 review of studies on penis size that included over 15,000 men from around the world.
'The average penis length when erect was found to be 13.12 cm [5.2 inches] – almost one whole centimeter less than the average estimate given by men in our study.
He continued: 'When considering notions of an ideal length, it becomes clear that expectations don't always match up with reality.
'Women's perception of an ideal penis length was 2 cm [0.8 inches] greater than the average length.
'While it's concerning that even an average penis size is seen as less than ideal, it's unclear whether a difference of only 2 cm would have a meaningful effect on sexual satisfaction for a man or his partner.
'Yet men may be evaluating themselves even more harshly. Despite having an estimate of average size that's similar to women's, they believe the ideal penis is 2.5 cm longer.'
The survey quizzed people from nine European countries as well as the US - and revealed massive variations in ideas of average and optimal penis size around the world.
Out of the nations studied:
* Poland had the highest estimate of average length at 15.7 cm (6.2 inches), and the second-highest ideal length of 17.3 cm (6.8 inches).
HOW THE SURVEY WAS CONDUCTED DrEd surveyed 2,121 male and female respondents aged 18 and over on questions relating to sexual health and ideals of male genital size. Of these respondents, 1,055 were from the United States and another 1,066 were located within Europe.
* Austria took second for estimates of average length (15.6 cm or 6.1 inches) but held the top spot for estimates of ideal size (17.6 cm or 6.9 inches).
* The UK had both the lowest estimate of average size, 12.4 cm (4.8 inches), and the lowest ideal length, 14.2 cm (5.6 inches).
Across all countries, ideal length outpaced perceptions of typical size - showing many people believe that even average genitals may not be 'big enough.'
WHAT WOMEN THINK The study also asked women how much they value penis size as an important aspect of a man's body. About two-thirds of women, 67.4 per cent, said that size is somewhat important – not of overriding significance or major concern to them. A further 21.4 per cent, more than 1 in 5, felt that penis size simply wasn't important. Only 11.2 per cent of women said that size was very important to them. Clearly, plenty of women don't place a heavy emphasis on the importance of size. And when asking if size matters, women have good reason to say: not nearly as much as many men think.
The survey also looked at average penis size across 50 US states and several European countries
* West Virginia offered the lowest figure, estimating an average length of 12.8 cm (5 inches)
* Arizona and Nebraska were close runners-up with an estimate of 13.4 cm (5.3 inches) each
* At the other end, Maine had the highest estimate in the nation: an average length of 16.5 cm [6.5 inches), almost 4 cm (1.6 inches) greater than West Virginia.
* Idaho offered the second-highest estimate at 15.9 cm (6.3 inches), and Hawaii was third with 15.7 cm (6.2 inches).
WHAT MEN THINK Dr Ed asked men from four age groups about their level of satisfaction with the size of their genitals. Overall, very few men reported dissatisfaction with their size – only 10.3 per cent said they were dissatisfied, and a mere 1.7 per cent said they were very dissatisfied. 29.5 per cent had neutral feelings about their size, being neither particularly satisfied nor dissatisfied. A majority of men were content - 44.5 per cent reported that they were satisfied with their size, and an additional 14 per cent noted that they were very satisfied. 'In light of the widely varying expectations of average penis length that we found across several countries, all of which regarded the perceived average penis length as less than ideal, it's a pleasant surprise to see that a majority of men remain personally satisfied with their bodies, and only a small number experience dissatisfaction.' Satisfaction also varied by age group: * While 39.4 per cent of men aged 18–24 reported being satisfied, this increased to 51 per cent among men aged 45 and over. * The proportion who were very satisfied showed little change overall, starting at 15.7 per cent of those aged 18–24 and growing to 16.9 per cent of men aged 35–44, before slightly declining to 13.5 per cent of men aged 45 and over. Meanwhile, levels of dissatisfaction appeared to decline more significantly with age: * 13.1 per cent of men aged 18–24 were unhappy, but only 7.7 per cent of men aged 45 and over, reported being dissatisfied with their size. * And while 3 per cent of men aged 18–24 noted that they were very dissatisfied, no men aged 45 and over felt that way. 'It's possible that young men may have plenty of exposure to popular misconceptions about penis size and its relevance to sex, and less life experience that would indicate otherwise,' a DrEd spokespersno explained. 'As they age they may acquire experience and have more opportunities to learn that size may be less important than they once believed,' he added.
Sexual capability
As the majority of men were satisfied or very satisfied with the size of their penis, 59.4 per cent also said size did not affect their sexual confidence.
And a further 24.7 per cent said their size actually increased their confidence.
Just 15.8 per cent said the size of their penis had decreased their sexual confidence.
When confidence impacts performance
It has been shown that anxiety and worries can reduce a man's abilities to get and keep an erection.
Erectile dysfunction (ED) can affect men regardless of their penis size, and is not caused by having a smaller penis.
Intimacy is a moment of intense vulnerability and exposure, and for a man who feels uncomfortable about his size - regardless of the reality - anxieties about his penis being seen and about sexual performance can contribute to ED.
For all men, the occurrence of ED can create even more anxiety and reduce sexual confidence – a vicious cycle.
This may be more noticeable in younger men, who showed less satisfaction about their size and said the length of their penis had more of an impact on their sexual confidence.
In fact, a recent study showed that 1 in 4 cases of newly diagnosed ED was in men under 40.
In the survey:
* While 70.2 per cent of men aged 18–24 reported never having ED, a surprising 29.8 per cent did sometimes experience these symptoms.
* More than 10 per cent experienced ED during half of sexual encounters or even more frequently.
* As men age, ED can become more common, due to many factors caused by medical problems more common in older men, such as heart disease.
After more than eight years, Mike Gerhart is leaving his job as head brewer at Otter Creek Brewing Co.
In an email, Jed Nelson, marketing director at Otter Creek in Middlebury, Vermont, confirmed to Tenemu that Gerhart will be taking a job with Hill Farmstead Brewery in Greensboro Bend, Vermont. Gerhart started brewing when he was 14 years old and has been with Otter Creek as head brewer since 2009. Before that, he worked as the distillery manager at Dogfish Head Brewery in Milton, Delaware as well as brewmaster at Shed Brewery in Vermont.
“After 8.5 years of dedicated service, Mike Gerhart is moving on from Otter Creek Brewing Co,” wrote Nelson in an email to Tenemu. “During this time, Mike reestablished Otter Creek as one of the most innovative craft breweries in Vermont—fusing styles, bucking trends and spearheading the construction of the largest brewhouse in the state here in Middlebury.Through it all, Mike's personality and extensive knowledge have inspired and laid the foundation for the creativity, and outside the box-thinking that Otter Creek has become known for.His passion will leave a lasting impression as Otter Creek continues our cosmic journey through the ever-evolving craft beer scene. Mike is the latest in a long line of skilled brewers coming out of Otter Creek, who have remained close friends of the brewery, the likes of which include Rob Todd, founder of Allagash Brewing. Mike leaves a super talented, driven and passionate team of rising stars who are well equipped to guide Otter Creek to the next chapter and beyond.We wish Mike all the best on his next adventure.”
According to Nelson, Gerhart will remain at his job at Otter Creek “until around the end of the month.” An email sent to Hill Farmstead Brewery for additional information was not immediately returned.
Video: X-rated footage of woman stripping outside a Comber bar branded 'disgusting' BelfastTelegraph.co.uk https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/sunday-life/news/video-xrated-footage-of-woman-stripping-outside-a-comber-bar-branded-disgusting-34226994.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/video-news/article34223458.ece/174bc/AUTOCROP/h342/1448198735322023.jpg
Email
The shocking video nasty shows two apparently intoxicated women stripping off in The Square area of the busy County Down town in the middle of the afternoon.
It's not clear when the footage was filmed, but the film has been doing the rounds on social media for the past few weeks.
The obscene video begins with a woman wearing just a pair of bright pink lace knickers and a skimpy black top running down the street outside the Gillespie Arms in Comber — an area packed with shops and cafés, and frequented by young families.
The unidentified woman then shouts that she “loves fresh air” before flashing her bra and then her bare bottom to the camera while a man shooting the video clip calls her “a mad b******”.
Her friend then joins in, pulling her trousers down before her outrageous pal attempts to kiss her backside, calling her a “sexy b******.”
The man filming then exclaims: “Facebook is going to be on fire tonight, I'm telling you.”
Another friend of the women then tells them off for their shameful antics, saying: “Get your trousers back on, it's 5 o'clock in the afternoon.”
But the seemingly inebriated pair ignore the woman and proceed to climb on top a table outside the bar where they graphically simulate sexual intercourse before the two-minute recording ends.
Kieran McCarthy, Alliance MLA and member of the Comber Public Realm Steering Group, said: “This is absolutely disgusting.
“This is a busy part of the town, there is likely to have been lots of people around, even children, given the time of day that it happened and it's terrible to think they would have witnessed this type of behaviour.
“We are trying to portray Comber as a welcoming and progressive town, we're trying to attract more people, more businesses to come in to the town and this type of thing is certainly damaging to its reputation.”
Over Labor Day weekend, Hermine — which varied in strength from a tropical depression to a hurricane — dropped powerful winds and heavy rains all along the East Coast.
While the storm continued to pound regions of Massachusetts and New York even on Monday, regions of Florida — where Hermine made landfall late last week — were still recovering.
One area that was particularly hard-hit was the town of Panacea, Florida, which received recorded gusts of up to 78 mph:
The weather wreaked havoc across the region:
The power of #water was on display today in Panacea & Shell Island. #Hermine was strong but so is #Florida. pic.twitter.com/68GUvGGhBl — Jeff Atwater (@JeffAtwater) September 2, 2016
Leaving roads impassible:
This tree is about 50 feet tall, blocking the road now. — @OmarVillafranca tracking Hermine from Panacea, Florida pic.twitter.com/pVuIM9rmEU — CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) September 2, 2016
And tens of thousands without power:
Then, on Saturday — as residents took stock of the damage and began the long cleanup process — an RV bearing a very familiar face rolled into town:
Reportedly partnering with local law enforcement, firemen, and veterans, volunteers began handing out cases of water:
As well as other supplies that many families simply couldn't do without, like diapers:
The group Florida for Trump — which runs the candidate's campaign in the state — shared details of the situation on Facebook, writing, in part:
“Today the North Florida Trump RV gathered bottled water, diapers, gatorade and more to provide assistance to residents of Panacea, FL in Wakalla County (NorthWest Region). With the assistance of veterans and law enforcement, the Trump RV traveled into one of the hardest hit areas of rural Florida, canceling planned campaign stops to provide help to local NW Floridians. This fishing community will be without power for a few weeks… Our RV drivers are accustomed to storm areas, being from Mississippi. They helped clear trees and debris from the streets after giving the supplies. The community was very appreciative for the supplies as there were only three cases of water prior to our arrival. There was no press or media involved and all heart and concern.”
Today the North Florida Trump RV gathered bottled water, diapers, gatorade and more to provide assistance to residents… Posted by Florida For Trump on Saturday, September 3, 2016
On Sunday, Trump himself shared the post, adding:
“I am so proud of my team in Florida! It is exactly what my campaign is all about!”
It's the second time in the last month that the Trump campaign has come to the aid of Americans who have fallen victim to severe weather.
In August, the GOP nominee visited regions of Louisiana that had been devastated by historic and deadly levels of flooding, handing out supplies and reportedly donating $100,000 in relief funds to a local church.
It was a situation that both President Obama — who was vacationing in Martha's Vineyard during much of the flooding — and Hillary Clinton — who made a phone call to the Louisiana governor rather than visited — received harsh criticism over.
Regardless of who they may support politically, though, it was clear that this was one group of Americans that was more than happy to see a Trump RV pull up in their neighborhood.
SHARE
By of the
State funding for local roads would nearly double under a state constitutional amendment being pushed by an environmental group.
If lawmakers and voters agree with the idea from 1,000 Friends of Wisconsin, the amendment would send half of all state gas tax and vehicle fee revenue to local governments for building and maintaining local roads.
Based on current funding levels, that would boost local road aid by $901 million over two years - from $928 million in the 2011-'13 state budget to almost $1.83 billion - while chopping the same amount from highways and other transportation programs.
At the same time, a blue-ribbon study panel is considering a wide variety of possible changes in how to pay for transportation, from standard options such as raising the gas tax or imposing tolls to more exotic concepts such as charging drivers by how many miles they drive or boosting registration fees for hybrids and electric vehicles.
The Transportation Finance & Policy Commission, an advisory body created by the Legislature, is trying to find a way to pay for growing transportation needs at a time when state residents are driving less and turning to more fuel-efficient vehicles, cutting into the gas tax revenue that now pays much of the cost of roads and buses.
One option would be to tax drivers by miles driven instead of gas purchased, either through installing tracking devices in everyone's cars or through asking drivers to report their odometer readings, said Beth Nachreiner, the panel's staff director. That likely would raise privacy concerns, although it eventually may replace gas taxes nationwide, said Kevin Traas, director of transportation policy and finance for the Wisconsin Transportation Builders Association.
Another option would be to add $75 to the annual registration fee for hybrid and electric vehicles, to recoup some of the $125 a year that their owners save on gas taxes, Nachreiner said.
All of those ideas could face significant hurdles to becoming reality, however. The commission is undertaking at least the third major review of Wisconsin's transportation finance system, and previous efforts did not result in sweeping changes.
For that matter, previous efforts to boost funding for local roads and public transit systems haven't gone very far, either, and the current state budget actually reduced local road and transit aid. That frustrated local officials, environmentalists and transit advocates, leading to the proposed amendment.
Local roads constitute 90% of roads in Wisconsin and account for 40% of miles driven, but they only get 30% of money collected from gas taxes, vehicle registration fees and driver's license fees, said Steve Hiniker, executive director of 1,000 Friends of Wisconsin. Contrary to claims that user fees pay for roads, property taxes cover 80% of local road costs, Hiniker said.
By contrast, only 10% of Wisconsin roads are state highways, but they account for 60% of miles driven and receive 62% of the revenue from gas taxes and other fees, Hiniker said. The remaining 8% of state transportation revenue is split among transit aid, the Division of Motor Vehicles and other programs.
Hiniker argued that local roads are vital to the economy and deserve a larger share of state revenue.
Road builders agree local roads deserve more money but don't think that funding should come at the expense of state highways, which also play a crucial economic role, Traas said. For their part, local officials agree state highways are important, but almost everyone who drives on those highways needs local roads to reach their final destinations, countered Dan Thompson, executive director of the League of Wisconsin Municipalities.
Neither organization has taken a stand yet on the proposed constitutional amendment. But they were on opposite sides of Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett's " Fix Local Roads First" plan, which by comparison would require a more modest funding shift than the amendment.
The Barrett plan would cut $112 million from the major state highways budget and increase the local roads budget by the same amount over a four-year period, while changing the current funding formula to give proportionately more aid to cities and villages than to counties and towns. That latter provision divided local officials and even drew opposition from Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele, usually a Barrett ally.
Barrett presented his plan to the state commission in March. Madison Ald. Mark Clear presented the 1,000 Friends of Wisconsin amendment to the panel in July. Both plans, and other local road funding ideas, are under discussion by a subcommittee, said Transportation Secretary Mark Gottlieb, the commission chairman.
Meanwhile, 1,000 Friends of Wisconsin has started seeking endorsements from local governments, Hiniker said. To become part of the constitution, the amendment must be approved by both houses of the Legislature in two consecutive sessions and then pass in a statewide referendum.
Neither the amendment nor the Barrett plan would deal with transit funding. Transit systems could benefit indirectly, however, if more state aid flows to local roads, freeing property tax dollars for buses, Hiniker said.
In addition to charging drivers by mileage and boosting hybrid registration fees, financing options being considered by the state commission include:
Raising the gas tax, vehicle registration fees and driver's license fees.
Returning to automatic gas tax increases linked to inflation, possibly with a "catch-up" boost to make up for the past six years without such increases.
Extending the state sales tax to gas purchases.
Restructuring vehicle registration fees, by linking them to vehicles' age, weight or value or to inflation.
Charging tolls on state highways, to the extent allowed by federal law.
The commission started talking about possible recommendations Thursday, after 10 months of gathering information and ideas. Final recommendations could come this fall, Gottlieb said.
German beer has been brewed in accordance with the purity law for more than 500 years. Using the four ingredients prescribed in this law, German brewers have created a diversity of beers that is unrivalled in the world. Today Germany has over 5,000 different beers.
A German saying loosely translated as ‘Hops and malt for beer, may God preserve them here' alludes to the basic ingredients used in beer brewing. These ingredients were laid down in the so-called ‘purity law' in the Bavarian city of Ingolstadt in 1516. The purity law requires that ‘nothing other than barley, hops and water be used' to produce beer. The importance of yeast was not known at the time and was added later. The purity law initially applied to the Duchy of Bavaria only but was gradually adopted by the German states and has been the law governing beer brewing in all of Germany since 1906.
Women's News Agency JINHA reporter Zehra Doğan had been detained on July 23, 2016 while covering the curfew in Mardin's Nusaybin district. On the basis of secret witness statements, she was then jailed for “membership to a terrorist organization” and “spreading propaganda for a terrorist organization”.
After 141 days in prison, Doğan was released following the first hearing at Mardin 2nd Heavy Penal Court on December 9, 2016.
During the next hearing on March 2, 2017 Doğan was sentenced to 2 years, 9 months and 22 days in prison for sharing the pictures she drew on social media, and reporting on the notes of 10 years old Elif Akboğa.
The prison sentence given by a local court was then taken to Antep Court of Appeals which did not revoke but approved the sentence.
Hi! I'm David Payette, and I created BlogWinners.
In 2013, I quit my job at an Apple Store and decided to start my own web design business.
But things weren't going so well, and at 29 years old, I was living with my parents.
That August, I wrote one blog post and forgot about it, just so I could tell clients, "Yes, I can build you a blog!" It was the only blog post I had ever written, and to be honest, I thought blogs were stupid.
6 months later, that blog post went viral and 5 million people read it in a week! I hoped it wasn't just a fluke, so I kept writing. And it wasn't!
2 months later, I was living on Maui, Hawaii, enjoying a new life I never believed could even be possible for me.
I created BlogWinners so I could share this lifestyle with you. You can build a revenue-generating website, just like mine.
You can start today for free by signing up for the BlogWinners Beginner Membership. You'll quickly learn how easy it is to get started and my team and I will guide you every step of the way.
Developer: TicToc Games
Review Platform: PC (Steam)
Review Copy Provided By: TicToc Games
Release Date: Winter, 2015
Just like absolutely every single person on this planet, which nears around seven billion last time I counted, I too was once regaled by the awe and wonderment that was (or is if you're going to be one of those people) Super Mario Bros. Though constructed out of no more than a handful of pixels, this game and others like it (Contra, Zelda, etc.) marked a turning point in the platform adventure genre's history, one that happily paved the way for some of the masterpieces we enjoy today. Though these primogenitors (guess who's been reading a lot of Warhammer 40K) of the current gaming industry stand proud in the hall of fame, I can honestly say without fear of public stoning that I have not and probably will not go back and play any of these in the near future.
This isn't a slight against Italian plumbers or platform games in general, I deeply respect these ancients for what they did to the community, it's just that with the massive variety of game types and the healthy upsurge in graphics and overall quality, I'm simply much too swamped and way too spoiled to go back to my roots just yet. I understand the ears of several readers just started bleeding and fingers blistered from the speed of such a hastily-crafted comeback on how I suck such-and-such bags of body parts, but really, how many of you dusted off the ol' cartridge and went to town last night (…on second thought, keep it to yourselves)? My point is, as great as some of the old pixelated platformers were, they've now been cast aside to make way for the bigger and better. As sad as that actually makes me, I'm here to tell you to fear not! Thanks to a successful Kickstarter campaign (ending on the fourth of Spooky Month, or October if the child inside you is dead), the fine folks of TicToc Games are on their way to releasing an all new, beautifully crafted platformer, complete with all the bells and whistles expected of today's games. Adventures of Pip promises to bring back that cozy Super Mario Bros. feel, all the while surprising players with a couple of cute tricks and features!
Set in the magical land of Pixel Kingdom (I didn't say they deserve credit for creative nomenclature), you, a lad named Pip, are forced to watch as some nasty trollop going by the name “Skeleton Queen” sucks up all the kingdom's energy, or Bit Stream, and kidnaps the local princess. So first please take a second and commit to memory that your name is Pip, not Mario, and all the silly questions like, “Wait, haven't I played this before?” and, “Why are princesses so easy to kidnap?” can be bypassed for the time being. With a storyline loosely in place, copyright lawyers on call, and a clear goal in sight, you set off into the hectic world of magical blocks.
It's at this point where the game brings something other than a salad to the pot luck, so to speak. Where up until now, Adventures of Pip has lacked any type of ingenuity, they now have a chance to define what sets their game apart from products released damn near 30 years ago. Where some may let such an opportunity fly by, TicToc Games has apparently seized the moment (8-Mile, here I come) and thrown a couple generations' worth of graphics into a blender. The result: a 2D platform with single pixel, 8-Bit, 16-Bit, and 32-Bit visuals, all mashed up into one colorful, low-def/hi-def acid trip.
To truly capitalize on the novelty of mixing a few graphical styles, the game allows you to utilize each Bit-count in the form of an evolution. Starting off as nothing more than a red block (your single pixel form), you can't do much else other than bounce around and lend your weight to the cranium of bad guys. However, in propelling your square buttocks onto the face of some skeletal sod, you now absorb his pixels and morph into an 8-Bit version of yourself, complete with eyes, hands, and maybe clothes (which are also red…does someone need to call Nintendo's legal team?). Instead of just bouncing around, you can now do all kinds of human things! You can run, slide off walls, and kick things, which is leaps and bounds more than what you managed as four 90-degree angles moments earlier. Kill another bad guy and you're up to 32-Bits and a kick-ass sword! Though it sadly caps you here, the idea of improving the detailed resolution of your character is pretty sweet and somewhat reminiscent of eventually turning that Squirtle into Blastoise.
These murder-fueled transformations deliver not only an aesthetically pleasing change of pace, but also a myriad of benefits and disadvantages alike. Though as a block your only means of attack or defense was aerially braining someone, you had the ability to jump really high and fit into tight spaces. In your 8-Bit phase, you're the master at scaling walls and running fast, but you're too big to fit in small spaces and too small to move big stones (it's that awkward teenager phase in Pip's life). In your final phase you're built like a tank, which sadly means you also move like one. Now instead of cheating and being able to indiscriminately switch from form to form, you have the choice to shed your extra pixels in a powerful explosion, destroying anything around you while also reducing your evolution by a level. The developers at TicToc Games had this in mind when designing the levels, it seems, as certain points force you to devolve while others demand that you evolve in order to pass. It's a clever mechanism that adds an extra aspect of gameplay in an otherwise limited medium.
While the game does provide some interesting visuals and fun gameplay options, there still seems to be a bit lacking in terms of the “I need to change my pants I'm so excited” factor. Though there are supposedly boss fights, we of the press build were not fortunate enough to face off against any big baddies, and I would very much have liked to encounter enemies that put up more of a fight than simply walking at me somewhat menacingly. If the entirety of the Skeleton Queen's evil army consists of monsters whose main attack is shuffling back and forth, then the game will quickly become yet another dull carbon copy of the platformers before it, and while we all enjoyed them back then, this is the future. Our expectations run a little higher these days (call me jaded).
Due to release in winter of next year, Adventures of Pip has the potential to revitalize the platformer adventure genre, breathing life into a game medium long abandoned by the present day marvels we all line up for now. With a handful of shortcomings and the daunting risk of looking too much like a clone looming over their heads, TicToc Games must do all they can to play to the game's delightfully silly art mashups and dynamic gameplay in order to deliver a true gem worth the disk space. So far they're on their way, but only time will tell if Pip evolves into a multi-Bit masterpiece or breaks apart in a flurry of cracked pixels.
Ross Marowits, The Canadian Press
MONTREAL -- Three years of negotiations between Resolute Forest Products and environmental groups aimed at protecting Canada's boreal forest have ended in failure, with talks breaking down over how much land to set aside for conservation.
Environmentalists accused Resolute of not living up to its promises to protect habitat for caribou while also ensuring the livelihoods of communities that depend on the forest industry.
"We think they're just taking care of the bottom line right now," said Janet Sumner of the Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society.
She said senior management have not given their negotiators a real mandate to conclude a workable agreement.
Resolute said it could not accept a proposal that it says would have threatened thousands of jobs in remote communities.
"The final asks of the environmental organizations that were brought to us last evening were so extreme, were so draconian they would have forced the closure of multiple mills, multiple projects throughout Quebec and Ontario," company spokesman Seth Kursman said Tuesday.
He said Resolute was disappointed that an agreement on a workable plan to balance conservation efforts with social and economic considerations could not be reached.
"What they were looking for was land withdrawal that far exceeded anything that we were willing to do because it was totally out of balance with the three guiding principles of sustainability," Kursman said.
Talks began in 2010 after seven environmental organizations and 19 forest companies agreed to find a way to protect threatened woodland caribou while still giving companies access to 72 million hectares of public forests.
The Forest Products Association of Canada has described the Canadian Boreal Forest Agreement as the largest and most complex deal of its kind ever reached anywhere in the world.
The association said it regretted that environmental groups had suspended the talks with Resolute, but was pleased they remained committed to the overall agreement with the industry.
"Forest companies belonging to FPAC remain committed to the principles of the CBFA and want to continue the hard work necessary to protect the environment, including threatened species such as woodland caribou, while also protecting the forest products industry and the communities and jobs that depend on it," the association said.
Several environmental groups said the commitment to ongoing work with other forestry companies remained strong, despite the decision to suspend talks with Resolute.
Grounbreaking solutions for conservation have been forged under the CBFA with companies such as Tembec and Alberta Pacific Forest Industries and Millar Western Forest Products in northeastern Ontario and Albert respectively, Sumner said.
"I'm feeling quite positive about Alberta and a similar situation in Manitoba and Saskatchewan," she said in an interview.
"We seem to be laying down a foundation for a very good conversation that should have good outcomes and I'm feeling like we'll get there."
The groups said they have suspended work with Resolute until it can commit to scientifically defensible conservation plans that would give caribou a reasonable chance of survival.
"We believe that Resolute is not meeting its commitments to ensure caribou survive on the forests it manages. In our opinion, it has so far proven itself unwilling to strike a balance between its economic interests and the local survival of a nationally threatened species," said Todd Paglia of Forest Ethics.
Resolute (TSX:RFP) said the environmentalists' proposal would have killed several projects, including the reopening of a sawmill in Ignace and a project in Atikokan in collaboration with First Nation groups. It would have also "put the nails in the coffin" of its paper mill in Fort Francis, Ont., and closed facilities in Quebec.
Sumner disputed that its proposal would have threatened Resolute's plans.
"All of that is still on the table from our perspective," she said. "Please continue to bring jobs but bring jobs that are actually being managed sustainably."
Resolute made a series of proposals during intense final negotiations, including setting aside an additional 204,000 hectares of forest in northwestern Ontario for conservation.
Sumner said Resolute's proposal actually includes just 90,000 hectares of productive forests, the rest being rocks and lakes.
She said environmentalists proposed setting aside 350,000 hectares, the minimum amount needed to allow caribou to survive.
Resolute's proposal was on top of about two million hectares of Ontario forests that have already been protected over the last 15 years.
It also agreed to protect 12 per cent, or 692,000 hectares, of Quebec forest, focusing on the best habitats for caribou conservation.
The two sides last year crafted a joint recommendation to government about establishing a caribou conservation area covering 835,000 hectares in Northeastern Ontario.
Chief executive Richard Garneau said rural, northern and First Nations communities have paid "a heavy price from the economic and market challenges the industry has faced over the past decade."
He said the process did not involve "serious stakeholder consultations" and would have lacked "legitimacy."
Greenpeace Canada, which in March rescinded its accusations that Resolute secretly logged on protected forestry roads, has accused Resolute of making false sustainability claims.
"This is a company that deceived environmental organizations under the agreement and they are deceiving their customers with their sustainability claims," stated Richard Brooks, forest campaign co-ordinator.
Greenpeace and conservation coalition Canopy pulled out of talks saying there has been nothing to show for the work since 2010.
Greenpeace said what's needed are large protected areas buffered by conservation zones totalling 50 to 70 per cent of the land base.
Anna Mracek Dietrich starts her TED Talk A plane you can drive with a simple question – What is it about flying cars, and if we're all so fascinated by the idea why aren't we flying in our own cars yet? She presents all of the modern twenty first century advances that should help us to build flying cars – modern composite materials, fuel efficient engines, avionic control systems and the best power-to-rate ratios in history should all be on our side. But, she says, we've made incremental improvements over the last one hundred years without addressing the actual problem. We don't need a car that can be flown, we need a plane that can be driven.
Dietrich outlines her experiences with the Terrafugia Transition, and classifying the aircraft with the FAA and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. I was surprised to learn that regulations for the car part of the flying car were more difficult to navigate than the plane side. The FAA agreed to classify the Transition as a light sport aircraft, where a sport pilot can gain certification in as little as twenty hours of flight time. NHTSA eventually allowed the Transition to be classified in the same zone as SUVs and light trucks, and Anna jokes that it's a multi-purpose passenger vehicle “designed for occasional off-road use.”
When pilots want to fly, Dietrich says, four main categories of problems can keep them grounded. Weather, cost, long travel time and mobility at the destination. When the pilot can drive a plane there's an easy solution for all four of these issues. This talk was filmed in 2011, and a few generations of startup product development cycles have passed. But the content here is fascinating, and a great example of how competing constraints (or competing regulatory agencies each with a six volume set of rules and regulations) can inform our design, testing and development processes. The central idea of taking the problem statement of “a car that flies” and modifying it to be “a plane that you can drive” can be used in any introductory engineering class.
Terrafugia continues to plug away slowly and publishing a new master plan in February of this year. The three-step plan to demonstrate the life improvements possible from flying cars relies on General Aviation (GA) crafts, VTOL vehicles for urban short-range travel, and a third product that will satisfy our science fiction flying car itch. The company continues to keep its focus on step one, getting the Terrafugia Transition to market.
DETROIT (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp plans to resume sales of eight recalled models including the top-selling Camry as soon as the third week of February, said three sources briefed on plans by the world's largest automaker.
The Toyota Motors logo is seen on a car at a Toyota showroom in Tokyo in this November 7, 2006 file photo. REUTERS/Toshiyuki Aizawa/Files
Toyota expects to begin repairing or replacing flawed accelerator pedals on 2.4 million vehicles as early as next week, said the sources, who declined to be named because the Toyota has not made its still-developing plans public.
If all goes smoothly, Toyota could limit losses to a four-week sales shutdown after a recall that has rocked its reputation in its largest market.
Even that target is ambitious because of the massive number of vehicles involved and the need to conclude a review by U.S. safety regulators, the briefed sources said.
Toyota declined to comment on the timing of the sales resumption.
Toyota shares have lost 15 percent since the recall was announced on Jan. 21. Shares were down less than 1 percent in trading in New York on Friday at $77.21.
The remedy being readied by Toyota and its supplier CTS Corp involves a shim, also called a spacer, that will be placed in the accelerator to keep it from sticking, sources said. Toyota expects to finalize this remedy with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration early next week, the sources said.
Analysts have estimated that the sales halt announced by Toyota this week could cost the automaker at least $550 million in operating profit a month.
Toyota this week took the unprecedented step of suspending sales of eight models involved in a safety recall of 2.3 million vehicles for the sticky accelerator problem in the United States.
Another 100,000 to 120,000 of the eight models are on dealer lots or in transit to dealers, sources said.
In addition to suspending sales, Toyota has said it will shut production of the eight recalled models at six U.S. and Canadian factories for at least next week.
A separate recall targets floor mats becoming stuck under accelerators in a wider range of Toyota and Lexus vehicles. In all, Toyota has recalled about 5.6 million vehicles in the United States.
Toyota spokesman Brian Lyons said the automaker has not determined when it can resume production.
Guided by a helical path winding its way up the mountain, this amazing 2008 home renovation by architects Jose Ulloa Davet and Delphine Ding is as breathtaking as its awe-inspiring view! Aptly dubbed “Metamorfosis,” this modern timber house in Tunquen, Casablanca, Chile was transformed from standard to stunning through the extension of an existing deck, the addition of a new room, and a new, raw timber skin that unifies the home's various elements while blending it with the gorgeous rocky landscape. From below, the path makes its way up the hillside, and connects to a walkway leading from the house main entrance, around the house exterior, and up to the spacious rooftop patio. Inside, timber too is a major player, bringing the same “raw” element from the outdoors, but with an added sense of sophistication. A vast picture window frames the stunning scenery. José Ulloa Davet and Delphine Ding
via Arch Daily
Photo credit: José Ulloa Davet
Safe and tidy with Timed Messages
Wire Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 25, 2016
Today we're introducing Timed Messages. They automatically disappear from conversations as the timer you set for them runs out. Timed Messages are available on iOS, Android, desktop and Wire for Web.
So, what are Timed Messages good for?
Not everything we share is created equal. There are certainly moments we want to keep around and revisit days, months, or even years later. There are others that only make sense in a particular moment in time. That's where Timed Messages come in. They are a great way to make sure what you've sent will only be available for a limited period. You'll keep the chat history tidy and save space on your devices.
It's also perfect for sending sensitive data like credit card details, login information, and other private matters. The messages will automatically disappear from the conversation once the timer runs out.
Timed Messages work in every 1:1 conversation on Wire and there's no need to create a separate secret chat. You can set a timer for anything — text, pictures, videos, links, documents, even pings.
Update, Nov 14. 2016: Timed Messages are now supported in group conversations as well.
Previous Wire versions will not be able to receive Timed Messages. Friends using older versions will not be able to see your timed messages so ask them to update Wire to enjoy this feature. Read our FAQ for more details on how Timed Messages work.
We at Wire really dig Timed Messages. We'd like to hear about your experience—so, as always, we're @wire on Twitter.
In addition to allowing you to rent titles on an individual basis, Sony will offer subscription packages for PlayStation Now, which the company compared to those offered by streaming giant Netflix today as part of a new PlayStation Access video posted on YouTube.
Sony has not yet discussed pricing details for PlayStation Now, but it's likely the streaming service will come at an extra fee on top of what you already pay for PlayStation Plus. Netflix packages currently start at $8/month.
The $8/month Netflix package allows users to stream video content to two screens at once. Paying $12/month lets you stream to four screens simultaneously. Sony has not yet said if you'll be able to stream PlayStation Now games to multiple screens at the same time.
Also in the PlayStation Access video, Sony said streamed PlayStation Now games will be "fully featured." This means you'll be able to save your game, earn trophies, and play online multiplayer in the same way that you would through the disc-based version.
PlayStation Now launches this month through a beta, while a public rollout is slated for this summer in the United States. Availability details for other regions, like the United Kingdom, will come later, Sony said today.
You'll need a 5Mbps Internet connection for a "good experience" with PlayStation Now.
Sony officially announced its cloud-powered streaming service PlayStation Now earlier this week at CES 2014. At launch, it will allow users to stream PlayStation games to their PlayStation 3 or PlayStation 4, while support for PlayStation Vita, 2014 model Bravia TVs, and iOS and Android devices will come later. The tech is built upon Gaikai, which Sony paid $380 million to acquire in 2012.
In just a few short weeks, Nintendo will release its latest --and arguably most important-- entrant to the video game hardware market. The Switch is a fascinating hybrid of home console and handheld device; a tablet-esque machine that either docks to your TV or can be taken out and about. And to continue Nintendo's legacy of innovative control, will also come with the 'Joy-Cons', motion-enabled controllers that can be snapped together to form a more traditional pad, or used independently. After the poor showing of the Wii U, the Switch is looking to galvanise Nintendo's position.
The console was first announced late last year, and fully unveiled to the public during a presentation in January. As well as the machine's idiosyncratic facets, one interesting part of Nintendo's presentation was the presence of Shinya Takahashi, Director at Nintendo, General Manager of Entertainment Planning and Development and Yoshiaki Koizumi, Deputy General Manager of Entertainment Planning and Development.
These long-term Nintendo employees are the faces of the Switch. With Takahashi's warm geniality and Koizumi's steelier showmanship, they make a compelling pair. I got the chance to talk to them in London about the Switch, its games, that pricing and their hopes for Nintendo's new console.
Can you tell me about the design philosophy for the Switch? Was it a natural evolution of Wii U or because the technology has come together at the right time?
Shinya Takahashi With Switch, the concept started with us wanting to provide people a means of playing games regardless of place or time or occasion. Particularly with the Joy-Con, having the freedom to hand that to someone else and be able to play anywhere was really the genesis of the idea. That's where the development began, rather than starting with the technology
Yoshiaki Koizumi Along that idea of trying to bring the experience of gaming to more people, there were really two concepts at work here. One exemplified by 1-2-Switch where you don't even necessarily need to know the rules of the game to pick it up and play comfortably and easily. And secondly to think of the people that are very much fans of traditional games that are a little more complex and looking to give them a deeper experience that they can still take anywhere and play at any time.
DuPont: 23K pounds of toxic gas escaped from plant
About 23,000 pounds of a flammable, acidic, toxic chemical escaped in the building where four DuPont workers recently died at a pesticide plant in La Porte, the company reported Friday.
That amount of gas could quickly displace the air in an enclosed space, leading to asphyxiation, which medical examiners identified as the cause of the workers' deaths. Although the company has not disclosed how quickly the liquid material escaped and vaporized, it's enough that, if it happened at once, it could fill two Olympic-sized swimming pools.
"The displacement of oxygen would be very severe and very quick," said a former DuPont engineer familiar with the plant and who spoke on the condition of anonymity, adding "within the time it takes you to take a couple of breaths ... that's how quick it is, and you have no idea what's happening to you. Just all of the sudden you're unconscious."
The company was required to submit the report to the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality. Although DuPont disclosed the amount of gas in a three-paragraph news release, it declined to release the full report. Commission offices were closed Friday.
The Nov. 15 release of methyl mercaptan, a foul-smelling gas that, besides its use in pesticide production, is sometimes used to odorize natural gas, is under investigation by the U.S. Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board.
While details of the accident are still emerging, a Chronicle investigation found the pesticide production facility had been plagued with recurring maintenance problems and that workers lacked quick access to breathing equipment that would have given them a better chance at survival.
Those killed included Crystle Rae Wise, 53, the first to alert others of a leak; Wade Baker, 60, a longtime supervisor; and brothers Gilbert and Robert Tisnado, 48 and 39, respectively.
Family members and their attorneys said some of the workers who died were trying to help the others escape. They and the company have indicated a faulty valve may have been involved in the release. The gas escaped from pipes and vessels inside the pesticide unit, DuPont spokesman Aaron Woods said.
That methyl mercaptan leaked and killed workers was a tragic irony in a plant that was upgraded years ago to curb the hazards of what's considered a much deadlier chemical: methyl isocyanate, or MIC. It's the chemical responsible for initially killing more than 2,200 people after escaping an Indian pesticide plant in 1984, causing lingering injuries and deaths for thousands more in the world's worst industrial disaster. Even tiny concentrations of the chemical can be deadly.
DuPont engineers won an industry award for upgrades that allowed the company to produce and consume small batches of MIC, eliminating the need to store and transport it.
Methyl mercaptan, on the other hand, had always been viewed as a "pussycat chemical" by comparison, the former engineer said. The La Porte plant routinely contained tens of thousands of pounds of the mercaptan, according to government documents.
Outdoors, it poses the least threat. County officials monitoring air around La Porte after the release detected none of the gas, although residents could smell it because the human nose detects it at levels so small instruments cannot.
Woods said the gas that built up inside the pesticide building dissipated over time as it escaped through openings in the structure. Once released to air, it rapidly degrades, he said.
HL Mencken, the German-American journalist and scholar, once said that sticking up for free speech meant sticking up for ‘scoundrels'. Going on the selective outrage at two recent censorship scandals in Germany, it's clear we can barely stick up for the scamps.
While Western liberals fumed this week after the German authorities allowed comedian Jan Böhmermann to go on trial for writing a satirical, bestiality-referencing poem about Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, another less-hashtaggable case has entered the German courts unnoticed. Lutz Bachmann, the founder of German anti-immigration movement PEGIDA, will appear in court today on charges of inciting racial hatred. Bachmann was arrested for calling migrants ‘filth' and ‘cattle' on Facebook. And, if convicted, he faces up to five years in jail.
While commentators have been shocked to discover that German law restricts ‘defamation of organs and representatives of foreign states', this is only the tip of the iceberg. Alongside criminalising Holocaust denial, Germany has some of the most extensive hate-speech laws in Europe – which Bachmann is now on the sharp end of. The PEGIDA leader's trial gives the lie to the neat narrative being spun about the Böhmermann case – that Erdoğan is twisting German law for his own ends, while Angela Merkel, keen to keep him onside during the refugee crisis, is happy to sell free expression down the river.
The truth is that censorship in Europe today is not the work of easily offended, foreign despots – let alone the odd crazed Islamist gunman. It's an internal process, stemming from our own illiberal legislation and underpinned by a crisis of faith in our founding, Enlightened values. Free speech is for all. That means making no moral distinction between censoring someone for repulsively likening refugees to livestock and censoring someone for saying the Turkish president likes to have sex with livestock. But while Böhmermann has become a cause célèbre, Bachmann's trial has skirted under the radar.
8:01 a.m. A Kalispell man was ticked off that people kept stopping on his road to take pictures of the nearby elk herd. The man was reminded that he didn't own the road and there was nothing he could do to prevent people from enjoying the wonders of nature.
9:23 a.m. A meth pipe was found at a Kalispell casino.
10:21 a.m. A Columbia Falls woman said she let Bob borrow her truck last week and he had yet to return it. She called back later to report that Bob brought the vehicle back.
10:45 a.m. A Canadian called the sheriff's office and asked, “What the heck is going on down there?” It's unclear if anyone had an answer to that question.
2:19 p.m. A Whitefish man pocket dialed 911. Dispatch was unable to talk to the man, but it sounded like he was trying to fix something, possibly a television.
4:06 p.m. A Somers man called 911 because someone keeps sending food to his house that he has to pay for.
5:09 p.m. A kid was hitchhiking through Kalispell.
5:39 p.m. An area veterinarian called the sheriff's office because a patient escaped and was now running back and forth on the highway.
6:08 p.m. A woman was driving down a bike path.
9:32 p.m. A Kalispell man said his neighbor was shooting guns.
Comments
comments
He has been taken into custody for allegedly being involved in corruption
ERBIL — Head of the Kurdistan Region Central Bank and his deputy have been taken into custody allegedly for corruption.
On Wednesday, April 13, Kurdistan Region's Integrity Commission decided that the Head of the Central Bank of Kurdistan Region and his deputy to be arrested.
A source confirmed the report and revealed to BasNews that the detainees are being investigated at the moment.
They are accused of involving in corruption cases related to 'contractor's bank Cheques.
The action is part of a reform package and anti-corruption efforts previously introduced by Kurdistan Region President Massoud Barzani, aiming to combat corruption and bring about drastic reforms in the region.
According to a source from Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) Ministry of Finance and Economy, six other bank managers are also arrested for similar charges, from which three have been freed on bail.
Barzani previously delivered 20 suspected cases of corruption to the Integrity Commission to be investigated.
If you're expecting weight-loss pills to work wonders, you'll be disappointed when you step on the scale. (iStockPhoto)
Open up your browser, and you're immediately bombarded with ads for new miracle drugs guaranteed to help you lose weight without having to diet or exercise. Whether it's something found in the depths of the Amazon rain forest or a secret compound that doctors don't want you to know about, there's no shortage of companies willing to take your hard-earned money and sell you what ultimately turns out to be snake oil.
“This industry perpetuates the false belief that a better body can come from a pill,” says Christopher Ochner, an obesity researcher and assistant professor of pediatrics and adolescent medicine at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. “These companies know their product doesn't work, but they advertise it anyway. If you could just take a pill instead of dieting and exercising, everyone would already be doing it.”
Among the most popular supplements seen online are green coffee bean extract and raspberry ketones, which manufacturers advertise as having fat-burning and metabolism-boosting benefits that are “clinically proven” with no side effects. Despite being backed by Dr. Oz, Kylene Guerra​, a registered dietitian with Cleveland Clinic, says these products' claims are bogus​. “None of these products' claims are backed by independent, third-party research,” she says. “But since these supplements aren't regulated by the FDA, the manufacturers can make promises they don't have to deliver on.”
What's worse, manufacturers don't have to disclose what their products actually contain, Guerra says. “There are often fillers in there that don't have to be listed,” she says. “A product can advertise itself as caffeine-free, but still have caffeine in it. And even if the active ingredient the company is touting doesn't have any side effects, the fillers might."
This lack of labeling can be dangerous – a study published last year in the journal BMC Medicine found one-third of the 44 supplements tested didn't contain the active ingredient listed. Many others contained nuts as fillers, which could potentially be deadly for people with allergies.
Many of these supplements advertise themselves as “natural,” in an attempt to entice people who are afraid of “Big Pharma,” Ochner says. “People want to believe that there's an herb hidden in the jungle that will burn fat, but the odds are that if there is a secret to weight loss, the companies spending billions of dollars per year researching it will find it first.”
And even the pills Big Pharma has created aren't worth taking, Ochner says.​ The only over-the-counter weight-loss pill on the market that is tested and approved by the Food and Drug Administration is Alli,​​ ​and while it has been demonstrated to work, it comes with side effects that Ochner says make it not worth taking. “It's meant to block your body from absorbing some of the fat you eat, which It does,” he says. “But side effects include fatty and oily stool, gas, discharge and more. It's ridiculous.” Alli could not be reached for comment after several attempts.
[Read: Why You Should Think Twice Before Using Alli or Other Weight Loss Aids.]
So if there is little evidence to back up the weight-loss claims​ and the products are potentially dangerous, why do people continue to buy into these products? “People are desperate for a shortcut,” Ochner says.
And that desperation nets the diet pill industry $1.6 billion annually, according to research presented at the 2010 International Association for the Study of Obesity conference. “The fact is that weight loss takes time and effort. You have to watch what you eat and exercise," Ochner says. "Who wants to do all that? It's a hell of a lot easier to take a pill rather than work for it.”
What makes it so hard? Quite simply, evolution, Ochner says. "Our body is really good at preventing weight loss, because for the longest time, starvation used to be our biggest problem," he says. "But for the first time, humans are faced with the problem of too much food, and it's incredibly hard to drop all the pounds we're packing on."
Putting in the hard work is the only way to shed those pounds, Ochner says, and the sooner you realize that, the sooner you can get the body you want. Change your nutrition habits by cutting down on sugar and carbs​, exercise regularly​ ​and understand that you won't see result immediately. "There's no magic pill,” he says. “It starts with a real true acceptance of that and knowing that it's going to take a lot of effort. But ultimately, it's worth it.“
It could be the biggest party of the year, a night to remember where you party till dawn. Or it could all go horribly wrong. Here are 20 tips to help you avoid a New Year's Eve to forget
New Year's Eve is the most problematic night out in the calendar. While the pressure to have a good time is immense, the end result is often underwhelming, if not downright depressing. Worse still, it's one of the few holidays that doesn't reward personal effort. The more you put into New Year's Eve, the less you seem to get out of it, and the most ambitious plans are also the most easily thwarted. The best New Year's Eves, by contrast, seem to come about largely by accident. There is no guaranteed way to make it a success – but here are a few tips to help you make it through the night . . .
1. Approach the evening with the lowest possible expectations
New Year's Eve is never really that much fun, and it has the potential to be absolutely disastrous, so it's important that your hopes never rise. If you imagine the evening ahead being the equivalent of an endless night spent negotiating your way through a post-Apocalyptic landscape full of zombies in search of the world's last taxi, then your attitude on the night should be roughly in line with the likely outcomes.
2. Remember – it doesn't mean anything
New Year's Eve is a holiday of very little significance; you're basically celebrating the obsolescence of last year's wall calendar. There's not much in the way of ritual apart from getting ritually wasted. In fact, most of the older rites associated with new year date from when it was celebrated on 25 March, a day when there was a lot more to be happy about. Yes, people around the world have many interesting traditions associated with new year, some of which sound lovely, but for most of us New Year's Eve is just the night before a day off work, a night whose sole aim is to produce a hangover worth nursing. And this year it falls on a Friday, so it's basically just a Friday.
3. Don't drink too much . . .
This may be obvious advice – and among the least likely to be heeded on New Year's Eve – but it's worth pointing out that tonight is absolutely the worst night of the year to end up at A&E. It will be completely overcrowded, jammed full of well-dressed but shamefully disheveled people, all of them groaning, shouting and talking gibberish. In fact, A&E will probably look a lot like the party you've just just left, but with harsher overhead lighting.
4. . . . but be sure to drink enough
New Year's Day is usually characterised by bouts of guilt, shame, regret and self-reproach. Frankly, the less you remember about the previous evening, the better. New Year's Eve is also a night when virtually all of your fellow revellers will be too drunk to notice how drunk you are. Seize this once-a-year opportunity to be loud, indiscreet, incomprehensible and moronic, and then forget all about it in the morning. The proper alcohol-to-silliness ratio is notoriously difficult to get right, but the state you should be aiming for is what the police might term "drunk but not incapable". If they put you in the back of their van, you've gone too far.
5. Resist the temptation to take stock
This is not a good time to be moaning about all you have failed to achieve in life, any more than it is a good time to fall down some stairs. Neither is desirable, even if both are traditional. It's a mistake to look back on your life and take a measure at any time – what are the odds you'll be pleased? – but if you feel you must, wait a few days, or at least until your headache is gone.
6. It's OK if you don't go anywhere
Whenever they do a survey about New Year's Eve, more than half of respondents always say they plan to have a quiet night in. How many of them follow through on this promise is unclear, but it's by no means a terrible way to spend the night. Instead of dressing up and worrying about your personal safety, you can curl up in front of a log fire (only if you have one; please don't improvise) and while the night away drinking champagne and swearing at people on the television. Maybe that's what you do every night and you fancy a change, but if it appears to be your least-worst option, by all means take it.
7. New Year's Eve is dressy, not fancy-dressy
No rabbit ears, elephant trunks, hats with lights, hats with horns, tinsel scarves, giant 2011-shaped glasses or masks of any kind. Don't, in short, go out of your way to look a fool. Imagine yourself waking up on an empty train 12 stops past home, and think about what you'd like to be wearing when you ask the guard where you are.
8. Before you do anything madcap, irrepressible, devil-may-care or similar, check for CCTV
9. Wherever you go, don't wear your new Christmas coat
Chances are you'll never see it again. New Year's Eve tends to be one of those nights when retiring party-goers are content to go home wearing the first coat they find that looks vaguely like the one they went out in – it's black, it's got buttons, it must be mine! The person who took your coat will leave one behind that looks vaguely like yours, but you'll have to wait all night to find out which one it is, and it almost certainly won't be as nice. Only by wearing the old torn coat your Christmas coat was meant to replace do you stand a chance of benefiting from the unwitting exchange.
10. Pace yourself
This isn't just about alcohol. The problem with New Year's Eve is not that it ends so late, but that it begins too early. If you start with a glass of champagne at 4pm, you may well find your interest in the whole new year's project flagging by 11pm. The best way to kick off the evening is with a cup of tea and a nap.
11. Avoid amateurs
New Year's Eve provides a well-earned evening of transgression for people who don't really drink and hardly ever stay up past 10. Don't get stuck with a group of them. They may be very pleasant, and you may even be charmed by their heedless, headlong enthusiasm, but later on they're going to vomit and break their ankles, and you don't want to be in loco parentis for that.
12. Choose your event wisely
Specifically: if you get invited to a cool party and a boring party, don't even think about going to the boring party first, as a warm-up for the cool one. The transport network is under a lot of strain on New Year's Eve, and the odds of you getting stuck at the boring party, unable to find any way of getting to the cool party, are high. And it's considered terribly impolite to run round someone's sitting room grabbing people by the lapels and asking them if they know a minicab number.
13. Canapes aren't supper
Even if you have no ambitions beyond going out and getting bladdered, remember this: nothing will improve the chances of your evening being a success as much as eating an actual meal at some point between 5 and 10pm. If this sounds like spoilsport advice from a bad-tempered old man, it is.
14. If you are hosting a party, try to centre the evening on an activity other than the consumption of alcohol
This can be anything that takes your fancy – an end-of-year quiz, an impromptu skit, a talent competition, an awards ceremony, or some other form of planned entertainment. Try to engage guests in the sort of game for which being drunk is an impediment – it might make people drink a bit less, and even if it doesn't, people performing simple tasks badly because they are drunk is in itself inherently funny.
15. Make a written list of people not to cop off with
Let's face it – at 2am, a mental list isn't going to be any help at all. Note down the names in descending order of appropriateness: boss's wife; boss; ex-boyfriend; ex-girlfriend's mum; person you only know from Twitter; person you copped off with last year; troubled woman from accounts; doorman; acquaintance whose sexual orientation is only compatible with yours after six-and-a-half bottles of sparkling rosé. Put little boxes next to their names that you can tick after entanglement has been avoided, and stick it in your pocket. It won't be much of a deterrent, but you might want to know your score tomorrow.
16. Whatever you do, don't suddenly decide to go skating
You'll thank me for this.
17. Make no resolutions until tomorrow, or possibly the next day
A lot of people regard tonight as the final deadline for new year's resolutions. Don't be cajoled into making any hasty announcements about quitting smoking, taking guitar lessons or being more socially committed, especially if it's just for the sake of joining in. Last-minute resolutions are often impractical and undesirable. And besides – you don't want to find yourself committed to any statements you made while lying face down in a pile of dirty snow.
18. By the way, if your resolution for 2010 was to learn to play the guitar, tonight is not the night to demonstrate to everyone how far you've come in a year
19. Bear in mind that nothing you can subsequently be proud of will happen after midnight
I'm not saying you need to end your evening at 12 on the dot, as long as you remember it's all downhill from there.
20. It's OK to cry
Bursting into tears at a normal dinner party is generally taken as a sign that you're having either personal problems or a bad reaction to your medication, but on New Year's Eve it's considered perfectly normal, so feel free. You may still find it a little embarrassing to cry in public, especially if you're a man, but in many cases it's the least objectionable response to the circumstances. Crying in a taxi, for example, is much better than throwing up in a taxi. They don't even charge you extra for it.
Happy New Year.
Along with whale conservation nonprofit Ocean Alliance, the team recently tested the drone in the Gulf of Mexico, using a giant inflatable catamaran in place of the real animal. The catamaran is equipped with sensors that mimic what real whales can feel and hear, and the researchers found that the fake whale could barely detect a drone hovering 10 feet above it. In order to get the permission they want, they'll have to convince the FAA that the drones don't disturb the whales or stress them out. Seeing as the agency's been pretty strict these days, though, the team's likely in for a tough time. In the event that they do succeed, Snot Bot can be used to monitor the stress levels (due to shipping noises, among other things) of our marine mammal pals and to understand them a lot better in general.
[Image credit: Getty Images]
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two women were injured after a hammer-wielding man assaulted them while screaming "Allahu Akbar" in France, according to reports.
The attacker, wearing all black, is still on the run, French media reports.
The two assaults happened near Place de Beaune in Chalon-sur-Saône, a town an hour north of Lyon, 15 minutes apart.
One of the two women is believed to have been hit in the back of the head.
Chalon-sur-Saône is in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, in eastern France.
It came hours after a knife-wielding man shouting Islamic State slogans attacked a French soldier carrying out anti-terrorism duties in Paris today.
The assault next to the Chatelet underground station – the largest in Europe – took place soon after 6.30am.
(Image: EPA)
The unidentified man is said to have rushed at a patrol of soldiers wearing combat uniforms and brandishing assault rifles.
"He was restrained, and nobody was injured," said a source investigating the case on Friday morning.
The man was taken to the main Chatelet police station, and now faces a range of terrorist charges.
It is the latest in a long string of attacks on service personnel involved in Operation Sentinelle – an initiative involving 10,000 soldiers and 4,700 gendarmes and police.
They were first deployed in November 2015 following a single night of violence by Islamic State suicide bombers that saw 130 people murdered in the French capital.
We're now officially into the dogs days of summer and speaking of dogs, here are the Monday morning musings and meditations on the world of sports.
• In light of the Vancouver Canucks' developmental camp held last week, here's an interesting exercise.
Take a look at the Canucks' prospects — and by prospects we mean anyone 23 or under who's played less than 80 NHL games — and rate them in order.
Granted, there will be arguments over who slots in where — largely because you can't express an opinion about the Canucks in this town without starting an argument — but here would be my top-10 in descending order.
1. Brock Boeser
2. Thatcher Demko
3. Olli Juolevi
4. Elias Pettersson
5. Jonathan Dahlen
6. Troy Stecher
7. Adam Gaudette
8. Jake Virtanen
9. Nikolay Goldobin
10. Kole Lind
Admittedly, this is a completely unscientific and arbitrary ranking system that has something to do with age, experience, and draft position and you might have your own opinion about these players. But the point isn't where each individual is ranked so much as the sheer volume of prospects now in the Canucks' system.
What these kids will turn out to be is a great unknown and there are questions, particularly about the three lottery picks Virtanen, Juolevi and Pettersson. But based on the sheer laws of arithmetic chance, a number of them are going to hit and given their backgrounds a number of them should hit big.
Who are they? Well, you can guess but the real issue here is the depth of the Canucks' prospect pool. Think of the competition that creates within the organization. Think of the flexibility it gives general manager Jim Benning in the trade market. While we're at it, think of the impact on the Canucks' payroll when you've got four or five players in the lineup on entry-level deals.
The above list, moreover, doesn't include names like Jonah Gadjovich, this year's second-rounder who scored 46 goals with Owen Sound and can already grow a beard; Will Lockwood, who recorded 20 points in 30 games at Michigan as a freshman or goalie Michael DiPietro, who backstopped Windsor to the Memorial Cup. Nor does it account for Petrus Palmu, Guillaume Brisebois, Zack MacEwen or the eternal Jordan Subban. And who knows, Maybe one day Nikita Tryamkin will make it back to Vancouver.
All this doesn't mean much for next season but these kids are the only relevant story with the Canucks. We'll know what they have in three, four more years.
In the meantime, it will be more interesting following these kids than following the NHL team.
• Solomon Elimimian made 15 tackles in the Lions' win over Montreal on Thursday which is impressive enough. But six of those tackles were for gains of five yards or fewer and three more were for eight yards or fewer. Not sure if you'll see a better game from a linebacker.
• Still with the CFL. As the league's new commissioner, Randy Ambrosie has his plate full but it appears the league got it right when they hired the 54-year-old from Winnipeg. As a former player he has the football chops. As a former CEO he has the business chops.
But his biggest selling point is a personality, which should connect with the fans. This observation is based on a five-minute conversation before the Als-Lions game but, in that time, Ambrosie's passion for the game and his sense of humour were apparent.
The CFL needs a lot of things but topping the list is a leader who'll set a direction and inspire confidence in the product. Ambrosie just might be that guy.
• Sometime in early May, I may have pointed out I was leading the Field of Nightmares rotisserie league and I'd broadcast this while I could.
Well, it didn't take long for the rotisserie gods to punish my hubris. The Red Sox — maybe I should rethink the team name — now sit eighth largely because my team ERA is hovering around the 5.00 mark. I had high hopes when Aaron Sanchez returned from a lengthy stay on the DL. The Jays' right-hander then allowed eight runs in 1 2/3 innings in his first start. And don't get me started on Chris Tillman.
On the plus-side, Byron Buxton is now hitting a robust .216.
• On a somewhat related note, the Blue Jays are five games back in the wild-card race at the All-Star break but they might as well be 55 games back. For starters, there are six teams between the Jays and the second wild-card spot. Last year they grabbed a wild-card spot with an 89-73 record. This year, they'll have to go 48-26 over the last 2 1/2 months to reach 89 wins.
One supposes it's possible. It's just not very probable but look at the bright side Toronto sports fans.
The Argos are 2-1.
• And finally. I knew if I lived long enough I could write this sentence: I'm really looking forward to watching the Canada-Costa Rica match in the Gold Cup on Tuesday.
The reason, of course, is Alphonso Davies, the preternaturally gifted 16-year-old who toils for the Vancouver Whitecaps in MLS who also scored two goals — I believe this is called a brace — in Canada's tournament-opening 4-2 win over French Guiana.
OK, French Guiana isn't exactly Germany. But who cares. Canada scored four goals. In one game. There have been years they haven't scored that many goals and the best part is they looked to be by design, not accident.
That had everything to do with Davies. Clearly, he's the most exciting talent this country has produced in, well, forever and he changes so many things for the national team. He won't score two goals every game but, the point is he might and Canada has never had a player who created that sense of wonder and anticipation.
“He's probably the most exciting kid — and he's still a kid — that I've every played with and seen with my own eyes,” said Canadian midfield Scott Arfield, who plays in the English Premiership with Burnley.
And the best part? He's just beginning.
ewilles@postmedia.com
twitter.com/willesonsports
If you've ever held a magnet against something metallic and felt it try to push itself away, then you understand the basic principles of passive repulsion. In this context, the Hyperloop capsule would have a series of magnets aligned around the outside of its frame. The magnets would be arranged in a Halbach array, which would align the magnetic force outwards, rather than in towards the passengers. If successful, then each pod would hang in mid air, not touching any surface and ensuring friction-free travel. That lack of resistance, combined with the Hyperloop's near-vacuum environment, is what enables it to reach such high (theoretical) speeds.
It looks as if passive repulsion is going to be a key component of Hyperloop projects, and this isn't the first time it's been discussed in this context. Earlier this year, Arx Pax, the makers of the Hendo Hoverboard demonstrated how its magnetic field architecture technology could be used to keep a pod afloat.
If you're not all caught up with the current state of Hyperloop, then now is as good a time as any to check out our detailed explainer on the subject.
As has become the tradition, I have made a deep dive into the Kickstarter data we collect so I can present to you a review of the past year for the crowdfunding platform.
For the readers used to my focus on games, this is my one article a year where I actually widen the scope of the research, I will follow it up with an article specifically on games next week (and if you can't wait, you can go read my article on GI.biz I wrote on the topic of crowdfunding in 2016). If you have a curious mind, you can check last year's post, but I will do a lot of year-on-year comparisons here.
First year of decline for Kickstarter
After many years of constant growth, for the first time Kickstarter saw a decline last year.
It would be very hard for me, with the limited data set available, to fully explain why. As I am only looking at Kickstarter, I can't tell if the decline is due to the enthusiasm of the early days of the platform wearing off, the competition eating into Kickstarter market shares, or crowdfunding building an image for unreliability and losing its wider appeal. I can however share my other findings, time will tell if this decline is a trend that will continue or if it will stabilise (a bit more on that later though as we have some indicators).
The first interesting point on the decline observed is the fact that the drop in the number of funded projects (- 14.5%) is much more significant than the drop in the total amount of money raised in the platform (-7%). That means there is a higher concentration of funding per project than in 2015 – if on average projects have raised more, but the platform saw an overall decline, it would seem to indicate that we might be heading towards either a more demanding audience (the quality of the campaigns need to reach a higher quality bar to meet its goal), or more professionally built campaigns are launched on the platform (raising more money and being more reliably successful), or more likely, a combination of both.
What is also noteworthy is that the drop in the number of projects is bigger (-31%) than the drop number of funded projects. This is certainly coming from a more general realisation that a Kickstarter campaign is not an easy money grab. We can see the percentage of projects getting $0 (my metric for “junk projects”) has dropped in the last year, from 20% of all the projects on Kickstarter in 2015 to 14% of all projects in 2016. This feeds nicely the idea that projects on Kickstarter are getting more professional or more serious overall.
If you are not familiar with the format I usually use, the following graphs are showing the break down of projects based on the amount they have raised (in USD).
In terms of the number of funded projects, the biggest decline observed is for the lowest bracket, projects that raised less than $10,000. This group saw a -19% decline both in total number of funded projects and total amount of money raised by these projects. This is obviously not caused by smaller projects managing to break through the higher bracket, but by the decline in the number funded projects for all the next brackets. Where we see an increase is in the number of funded projects in the brackets of “$100,000 to $500,000 raised” and “More than $500,000 raised”, despite the overall decline seen on the platform. There were more projects raising more than $100,000 in 2016 (978 projects) than any year prior. This is for me another sign of Kickstarter campaigns becoming more and more sophisticated and professional, and managing to raise more money than the prior years as a result.
If you have a particular interest in a specific category, you can find slides with detailed data for each one of them at the end of the article.
Looking how each category performed on the platform is always very interesting and says a lot to what happened on the platform. All the different categories exist in their ecosystem and microcosm, and the performance of one category could very easily contradict platform-wide trend.
In 2016, there are only 3 categories that saw a growth in the total amount of money raised: Crafts, Fashion and Publishing. Crafts is a very small category overall and as such, its performance is easily subject to variation. Publishing only saw a very small growth year-on-year (+2%), but this was only true for the total amount raised, as the number of funded projects declined (-4%). The only category that saw a proper growth in 2016 was the Design category, which grew +8% in total amount raised and +5% in the number of funded projects.
All the other categories raised less money in 2016 than in the previous year, but the decline is sharper for some. Both the Film & Video category and the Music category are leading the decline in terms of money raised. Interestingly, these two categories used to be the leading ones on Kickstarter (prior to 2014), and their continuous decline is probably the most worrying. It might be that they are creating a pattern that the other categories currently leading on Kickstarter will follow in the coming years, or they might be of a nature that makes it particularly easy for Kickstarter competitors to snatch market shares from them, or they might have an ecosystem that realised that crowdfunding wasn't as needed as for other projects (specifically, I am personally thinking that both Films and Music have existing and very solid funding systems, while this is not necessarily true for other creative environments). As stated earlier, the data set I am looking at doesn't provide a proper answer to this question.
Looking at the currencies in which the projects are run, it is quite obvious that Kickstarter is still very much an American platform, even the EUR has now become the second currency in terms of total amount of money raised. EUR projects are still behind the GBP for the total number of funded projects though, highlighting the fact that EUR projects that decide to go on Kickstarter are probably ones that are ambitious and with a look to an international audience. I suspect many smaller projects (and more local projects) choose to go on other platforms that have been present locally for longer. This is still a win for Kickstarter in many ways as it managed to grow in a region where it has established competitors.
This is a stacked area graph showing the number of projects per week on Kickstarter, funded and not funded.
End of July/beginning of August 2014, something happened that boosted the number of projects launched on Kickstarter, but with little to no impact on the number funded projects on the platform. I have only very little evidence of this, but I think this was all due to the Potato Salad campaign. It was heavily talked about in the media and it painted Kickstarter as a platform where money was easy to raise. Certainly if a guy can get $55,000 for a potato salad, my own awesome project should be very easy to fund. The reality is of course much more harsh, but Kickstarter could see the effect on its number of project for 18 months. This flood of projects might have also had a negative impact on Kickstarter's image, and the fact that there are fewer overall projects submitted might not be such a bad thing for them.
Finally, to conclude my analysis of the past year on Kickstarter, I wanted to share a more granular graph of the evolution of the performance of the platform over time. Looking at the amount of raised every month, last year decline doesn't appear as a phenomenon that goes on worsening. February 2016 was the one month with a particular decline compared to the previous year and bears most of the year-on-year decline. So while there is also no hidden growth, this is the one set of data that makes me feel relatively optimistic that we are not seeing a bubble bursting, and I have very much in mind a very interesting talk from David Edery at GDC in 2010 on video games platforms, and the pattern he observed where some of them go through an “inevitable misery” decline before a “triumphant return”.
A look at the categories
Kickstarter asks creators to put their projects in different categories. This allows us to look at the different trends of each of those categories. While you can find a lot more details in the documents on Slideshare, I have summarized some key takeaways for each of them below.
Art
There was a significant decline in the total number of projects funded. Interestingly though, most of the drop in the money raised was on GBP and EUR project, there was a slight growth of the money raised in USD by contrast.
Crafts
A relatively small category, it was still growing this year. The number of projects that raised more than $50,000 went from 3 to 9.
Comics
The money raised in that category saw a small drop (-5%) year-on-year, but 2016 is still the second best year ever for that category. It is interesting to note there were no $500,000+ project this year and the total number of funded projects grew +9%.
Dance
While the amount of money raised has been comparable to 2015 (+3%), the number of funded projects dropped by -12%. But more interestingly, the number of projects launched dropped by a whooping -30%. [loss of KS zeitgeist?].
Design
After a stellar growth in 2015, the Design category is one of the few that kept growing in 2016. The growth happened mostly with non-USD project (the total amount raised for USD projects declined a bit in 2016), especially with the EUR projects, following the trend observed last year. Like for most categories, the total number of projects launched on the platform declined, even though more projects got funded in the end.
Fashion
The Fashion category is very stable year-on-year. Almost the same amount of money was raised, even if a fewer number of projects got funded (-11%). This was the first year where 4 Fashion projects raised more than $500,000, helping to maintain the total amount raised.
Film & Video
2016 wasn't great for this category. In terms of total of money raised, it dropped below the level of 2012 (-38% from 2015's amount). The number of funded projects also saw a significant drop from last year (-25%). The decline is seen at all Tiers of funding. Small or big, there were fewer Films funded on Kickstarter in 2016. The one subcategory that saw a significant increase is the Animation subcategory, where $3.6m were raised in 2016 compared to $1.8m in 2015.
Food
The Food category dropped below the $20m per year mark in 2016, with a sharp decline of the number of funded projects (-32%). Projects in EUR were some of the few that saw growth from the previous year, raising more money in total than the British and the Canadian projects.
Games
Like last year, I will do a deeper dive into this category next week. For now, I will note that following the trend, less money was raised in this category than during the previous year. However, the total number of projects funded actually grew, and the decline in the total amount raised was mostly true for projects run in USD. Projects in EUR and GBP raised more money in 2016 than in 2015. The percentage of the projects seeking funding and getting in also grew to 37%, the best success ratio in that category since 2010.
Music
This category follows the same pattern as the Film & Video category: a significant decline for the 3rd year in a row. Both the total amount of money raised, 2016 was the worst performing year since 2011, but the total number of projects funded, it was the worst year since 2010. For the music genre, Country & Folk subcategory is #1 for money raised as well as for number of funded projects in 2016.
Photography
The category has been stable in terms of total amount of money raised, mostly thanks to 2 projects raising more than $500,000, as the total number of funded projects here again saw a decline (-15%).
Journalism
This is still a small category, and while it also saw a decline in both the total amount raised and the total number of funded projects, this was also the very first time Kickstarter had projects raised more than $100,000 in that category. And it wasn't just one project, but four of them, highlighting one of this year's trends that a significant part of the decline on Kickstarter is affecting the smaller projects on the platform.
Publishing
Like last year, there was a slight drop in this category's total number of funded projects, however, the total amount of money raised did see an increase (+4%). All that growth came through projects in EUR and… in AUS (Australian Dollars)! Like for many categories, the drop in the number of projects launched on the platform has declined way more (-28%) than the decline in the number of funded projects (-4%).
Technology
After a stellar year in 2015, the Technology category saw a small decline in the total amount of money raised (-1.5%), and a more significant decline in the number of funded projects (-18%). Again, this comes with an even bigger decline in the total number of projects submitted on the platform (-28%). The one axis of year-on-year growth was for projects in EUR, which was the second currency on the platform, raising more money than projects in GBP for the first time. Also interesting to note was the growth of the Wearable subcategory (+11% money raised).
Theatre
A fairly small category that last year dropped to its lowest amount of money raised since 2011. In 2016 the decline continued, with this time even fewer projects getting funded than in 2011. And once again, the one area of growth was with projects in EUR, that raised more money than in 2015.
All the slides
A note on the methodology
Like for all previous blog posts on the topic, we have been using the data on the Kickstarter pages themselves (with the help of Potion of Wit) and the collection method is not without its own issues. Please consider all of the numbers presented here as estimates.
Renewables = 25% Of UK Electricity Generation In 3rd Quarter, Met 60% Of Scottish Needs In 2015
December 28th, 2016 by Joshua S Hill
Electricity generated by renewables has accounted for 25% of the UK's total electricity generation for the third quarter according to government figures, while the same report reveals that renewables accounted for nearly 60% of Scotland's electricity needs in 2015.
New figures published by the UK's Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy in its Energy Trends December 2016 report show that renewables' share of electricity generation increased to 25% in the third quarter, up from 23.6% a year earlier. Specifically, offshore wind electricity generation increased by 3.8% and onshore wind generation increased by 19.4%, accounting for 3.5 terawatt-hours (TWh) and 4.6 TWh respectively.
Solar PV increased its share by an impressive 30%, growing to 3.5 TWh up from 2.7 TWh due to increased capacity. Unfortunately, keeping renewable energy's contribution from soaring even higher, bioenergy fell by 14.5% due to outages at the Drax power station.
All told, with renewables accounting for 25%, the remainder was made up with 25% from nuclear energy (which you can fight over whether it's a good or a bad thing), and gas with 43.6%. Coal only accounted for 3.6%, down from 16.7% a year earlier.
“The Government took the right decision when it announced the phasing out of coal, and its confidence in low carbon generation has been repaid by growth in the sector,” said Maf Smith, RenewableUK's Deputy Chief Executive.
“Renewables are now part of our energy mainstream, helping us modernise the way we keep the lights on by building new infrastructure for the generations to come. Wind is playing a central role as a reliable part of our new modern energy system, delivering reliable low carbon power at low cost.”
The Energy Trends report also highlighted the impressive role renewable electricity generation is playing in Scotland. According to the report, renewable energy produced enough power to meet 59.4% of Scotland's electricity needs throughout 2015 — up from 49.7% in 2014.
“These figures are great news for Scotland,” said Jenny Hogan, Director of Policy at industry body Scottish Renewables. “They underline the disproportionate contribution that Scotland is making to the UK's efforts to clean up our energy system.
“We know that to fight climate change we must reduce the amount of carbon emitted by our energy sector, and renewables are doing just that.”
A Singapore-based startup launched May 7 in two separate events the world's first Bitcoin prepaid cards in aim to make the acquisition of the virtual currency easier and simpler.
8pip, a CoinPip-affiliated company, unveiled the Bitcoin prepaid cards at Startup Asia Singapore 2014, a two-day conference showcasing new tech startups, and at Boost: Bitcoin event, Singapore's first event focused on celebrating and promoting the use of cryptocurrencies.
Through the startup's Bitcoin prepaid cards, customers will be able to purchase bitcoins without having to visit a Bitcoin exchange online. They simply have to buy these physical cards and then redeem the equivalent value in Bitcoin on the CardtoCoin website.
CoinPip and 8pip Co-founder Anson Zeall said CardtoCoin will make this virtual currency more accessible to the public, especially through a less daunting process.
“At the moment, Bitcoin or cryptocurrency exchanges are the most common ways to get Bitcoin. The problem is, unless you're a seasoned stock trader, the process to get Bitcoin is still very complicated and intimidating,” he added. “With CardtoCoin, you can simply buy a card with S$20 worth of Bitcoin and then redeem it online with your tablet, phone, or PC.”
The introduction of the Bitcoin prepaid cards follows the availability of the US-based 37coins' SMS Bitcoin wallets in Singapore through the initiative of CoinPip, a Bitcoin payments system company in the country.
With these new technologies, customers may be able to redeem bitcoins from the cards through a simple SMS command as plans are currently being worked on. If this succeeds, Bitcoin users will be able to load their wallets using easy and convenient ways using their mobile devices.
Once the Bitcoin prepaid cards find their way to the rest of the world, users from different countries will begin to benefit. Likewise, land-based and online establishments, retailers, and other industries like Bitcoin gambling are expected to experience an increase in sales and customers.
Image copyright Island Records Image caption Pulp frontman Jarvis Cocker wrote Common People about a girl he met at art college
Pulp hit Common People has been voted the top Britpop anthem by listeners of BBC Radio 6 Music, beating Oasis, Blur and Suede to take the title.
DJ Steve Lamacq revealed the top 30 as part of a week-long celebration to mark the 20th birthday of Britpop.
More than 30,000 people voted, with The Verve's Bittersweet Symphony second and Oasis tracks Don't Look Back in Anger and Wonderwall in third and fourth.
Their chart rivals Blur were in fifth place with Parklife.
BBC Radio 6 Musics Favourite Britpop Anthem Common People by Pulp Bittersweet Symphony by The Verve Don't Look Back in Anger by Oasis Wonderwall by Oasis Parklife by Blur Animal Nitrate by Suede Girls & Boys by Blur Slight Return by The Bluetones Disco 2000 by Pulp Girl From Mars by Ash
Pulp's Common People only made it to number two in the charts when it was released in May 1995 - denied the top spot by Robson Green and Jerome Flynn's Unchained Melody.
Included in Pulp's Different Class album, it featured Sadie Frost in the video and the lyrics were based on a girl who is a singer Jarvis Cocker met while studying at Central Saint Martin's art college.
The lyrics reveal the girl from a wealthy family, had told him she wanted to live in the East End of London with "the common people".
"It is one of the defining records of Britpop because it seemed to embrace the essence of the time so perfectly," said Lamacq, who led the Britpop at the BBC celebrations along with former co-presenter Jo Whiley.
"It was a big, bold anthem, but with a great narrative. And it seemed to sum up a feeling of 'us and them', as if to illustrate how the indie mavericks had taken on the pop stars and - for once - they'd won."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Oasis brothers Noel and Liam Gallagher in 1995
Image copyright PA Image caption Blur won four Brits in 1995, although rivals Oasis were named best newcomer
Image caption Steve Lamacq and Jo Whiley championed many Britpop bands while they were on air together from 1993 to 1997
Pulp also featured at number nine in the countdown with Disco 2000, while Suede hit Animal Nitrate was in sixth place and Blur's Girls and Boys in seventh.
Listeners were asked to vote for their all-time favourite Britpop anthem - the one song that epitomised that time for them.
The Bluetones made it to number eight with Slight Return, while Ash rounded off the top ten with Girl from Mars.
Britpop favourites Elastica, Shed 7, Menswear, Radiohead and Space also made the top 30 countdowns.
Image caption Damon Albarn appeared on The Evening Session this week
Other highlights from the week of special Britpop at the BBC programmes included Lamacq and Jo Whiley being reunited to revisit their old Radio 1 show The Evening Session.
Their live guests at Maida Vale included Supergrass singer Gaz Coombes, Sleeper frontwoman Louise Wener and Damon Albarn.
blog In an interview with the Sydney Morning Herald (click here for the full story), Shadow Treasurer Joe Hockey has made some … interesting claims about Labor's flagship National Broadband Network project. The newspaper writes:
The broadband network was by far the biggest off-budget initiative ever seen in Australian government, Mr Hockey said … “I mean, it's multiples of anything that's ever been off-budget … it detracts from productivity,” he said.
Readers are advised to treat Hockey's claims with a grain of salt — in a similar vein to Opposition Leader Tony Abbott's comments on the NBN earlier this week. Hockey is correct when he says the NBN is largely off-budget. However, if the project goes according to plan and at least breaks even for the Government's investment, which many believe it is likely to do (given the fact that Telstra and Optus will be migrating their customers wholesale onto the NBN's fibre infrastructure), this won't matter.
Projects are put in the Federal Budget because they cost money; while the NBN is a capital investment expected to make money. Hockey's criticism will become valid when it can be proven that NBN Co is not meeting the objectives laid out in its corporate plan — and I wouldn't expect that to be possible, even if it happens, for at least another five years.
As far as Hockey's claim about productivity goes … this is simply factually incorrect. About a billion studies have shown that next-generation broadband infrastructure helps drastically improve productivity through the rapid uptake of new technology in the workplace. It appears that Treasurer Wayne Swan understands this. “If it was up to Joe Hockey, we'd still be talking to each other using two cans and a piece of string,” his office reportedly told AAP — ZDNet.com.au story here. A bit of an exaggeration, but apt ;)
Image credit: Office of Joe Hockey
[While Mlawski's analysis of Battlestar Galactica is on indefinite hiatus, another Overthinker is surging into the gap, with another series of posts on a geek-friendly science fiction franchise.]
Cowboy Bebop and I have something of a troubled past. I had been hearing great things about the show pretty much since it came out (and I mean, like, freaking rapturous things), but I somehow managed to avoid watching it until the summer of 2008. Even then, all that I saw was the credits sequence. But what a credits sequence it is:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzyB0Cc1fFM
Judging from that credits sequence, Coyboy Bebop was some kind of hundred-year-storm combination of things I think are awesome. Jazz! Kung Fu! Animation! Spaceships! Pop Art! – and while I prefer an interesting female character to a pin-up any day of the week, I am not immune to the attractions of – Cheesecake! My appetite was whetted. Scratch that: my appetite was honed down to razor sharp keenness in one of those Williams-Sonoma electric home knife sharpener dealies, to the point where I could use it to do all the fancy tricks like chopping a can of tomatoes in half or slicing really thin and perfect slices of bread. Based on the strength of the credits alone, I was damn near ready to buy the DVD box set one day when I came across it on sale. But since I don't have a lot of disposable income (buy a shirt, dammit!), I just decided to Netflix it, one DVD at a time. And at first, I was glad I did, because when I started watching the series, I was distinctly underwhelmed.
I'll get into why in a little bit (and also why I, underwhelmed, kept on watching). For now I'll skip ahead to the happy ending: it gets better. Lots better. To the point where if I find those DVDs on sale again, I'm buying them first and worrying about how to pay for it later. To the point where – about ten episodes in – I decided to loop back to the beginning again and subject the show to a full on, close-read Overthink, the results of which I'll be sharing with you every two weeks or so for the next couple of months.
The episode by episode analysis is going to start on November 23rd, and each installment will work through one DVD's worth of episodes. If you haven't watched the series yet – or if you have, and want to refresh your memory – I encourage you to fire up your Netflix and watch along with me. Today, I'll just give you a general introduction and a rundown of the cast of characters, so that next week we can dive right into the analysis.
First, the setup. The show is set in a distant future where humanity has colonized the solar system. In its treatment of spaceflight, the show's sci-fi is semi-hard (like a nice Emmentaler): although there are some handwavey “warp gates” involved, interplanetary flight still takes a loooong time, and running out of fuel can be an issue. And this is crucial to the basic premise: because none of the planetary governments have the resources to pursue criminals between planets, interplanetary law enforcement is basically the province of bounty hunters. (This – although not much else – is sort of like the situation depicted in a lot of Westerns and might explain the titular “Cowboy.”) Cowboy Bebop chronicles the adventures and (mostly) misadventures of a particular bounty-hunting team, who I'll introduce to you at this juncture right here.
Spike Spiegel: the main character, to the extent that there is one. Visually, a combination of Lupin III (his general visual aesthetic and oversized feet), Bruce Lee (his fight choreography), and Quadrophenia-era Keith Moon (his wardrobe and hair, although that might also be Sid Vicious), which is awesome. Unfortunately his personality – at least as it appears at the very start of the series – is pretty deeply annoying. He is petulant and ungrateful, and rude in a way that is probably meant to be refreshingly direct but in fact comes across as straight-up rude. He only ever cracks a smile when he's getting to kick some kind of ass. This in itself is fine, and indeed some of the bright spots in the first few episodes are the moments in which ass is kicked…but often he seems to be treating the ass-kicking as a lark, which comes across as smug and condescending. At least he never starts a fight for the fun of it. I have fairly little experience with anime shows in general, but I will say that in many ways Spike's character reminds me of a more petulant version of Gohan in the early stages of Dragon Ball Z, or even moreso of Ranma Saotome (but again more petulant). I can't think of an American exemplar of this character type which makes me wonder if it's somehow particularly Japanese… but odds are that they exist, and I just can't think of them. In any case, these characters didn't irk me the way that Spike does, which I think is probably down to the fact that they are children, which means that they have a license to act childish. Spike has no such excuse (although I suppose Cowboy Bebop was probably intended for pretty much the same audience). If all of this was played for comic effect, I would have found him a lot easier to take. But I think he's supposed to be an honest-to-goodness hero, or at least an admirable antihero, and I always just find myself wanting to slap him. Ah well… like I say, it really does get better.
Oh, and in addition to all of this, Spike also has a Mysterious Tragic Past, which seems to be shaping up as the main mystery of the overarching plot. Please leave this unspoiled in the comment threads.
Jet Black: Spike's partner and/or boss and/or surrogate father (it's a little unclear, but he owns the spaceship they live in, and tends to make the executive decisions). To a degree, he is the brains to Spike's brawn: Spike usually does the actual apprehending of the bounty-of-the-week, but Jet tells him where to look. Jet is everything that Spike isn't. He is endearing, serious, warm, peace-loving, and – alas – he is NOT the character that gets the most screen time. He also has an awesome beard, which may be coloring my sympathies somewhat. It's not quite clear at this point whether Jet has a tragic past, but considering that he has a prosthetic arm and a rivet holding his face together, it is not unlikely. Oh, and by the way, Mr. Black? (Can I call you Jet?) I'm putting you and your alliteratively named friend Spike there on notice for having the most ridiculously and self-consciously “awesome” TV character names ever. Jet Black. Honestly.
Faye Valentine: Faye shows up a couple of episodes in, and feels like a one-shot character at first, but winds up becoming the third major character on the show. As (basically) the only woman, she has to carry a lot of weight. She's the femme fatale. She's the tomboy. She's the love interest. She's the action girl. She's the damsel in distress. She's the cheesecake. (Exhibit A. Faye seems to have had a strong effect on certain segments of the target demographic: trying to find an image to show you, I actually had to turn on safesearch in order to convince google that when I typed “Faye Valentine” I was just searching for a picture of Faye Valentine, and not a crudely drawn picture of Faye Valentine having sex with, like, twenty dudes.) Like Spike, she gets on my nerves a lot in the early going. She's meant to be a tough-as-nails broad with a heart of gold, which can work well when done right. But they make two missteps here. First, the crusty exterior is a little too crusty. Standoffish is one thing, but Faye comes across as – again! – petulant, and what's more she flat out double-crosses and robs the other crewmembers on a semi-regular basis, which makes it hard for me to accept that they'd let her keep sticking around. Second, they telegraph the “heart of gold” aspect a little too broadly. At no time did I ever expect Faye to turn out to be anything other than an innocent at heart. Maybe this was necessary, since it does make her more likable when she's in her abrasive mode, but it makes the innocent moments feel a little forced. Like Spike and probably Jet, she has a Mysterious Tragic Past, and in her case it has caused her to owe a catastrophic amount of money to some shady and dangerous people, which motivates a lot of her behavior. Beyond that, let's leave this one unspoiled.
How much game can you fit in 32x32 pixels?
LowRezJam challenged game developers to create games in tiny playfields of 32x32 pixels or less. As the creator of 9x9 pixel RPG TinyHack, this is a microgenre dear to my heart. I played through a bunch of the entries, and here are my favorites.
Lands of Lorez is a grid-based action RPG in the style made famous by Dungeon Master. Ingeniously simplified controls, including a zero-confusion combat system and map. With stunning art that really takes advantage of the low-resolution limitations, it among all the titles felt the most complete. I'll be hitting this one over and over again.
Pocket Venture does likewise with the Japanese-style computer RPG genre. It also has great graphics and music, too--it's amazing how much detail is packed in--and look and feels like classic Final Fantasy fare. There's already a dungeon and a town to explore, with more to come. The random battles are quite a grind.
The Wish is a simple exploration RPG, but creates a strong sense of place and mystery with excellent pixel art and moody audio. Movement speed is slow, though, and tedious combat brings it to a halt. But the atmosphere makes it unmissable.
Low-Rez-Dungeon is quite similar to my game, but is far better: a more complete minimalist action-roguelike experience. The creator plans to add random dungeon generation, too.
Origin is a Monster Land-ish platformer with colorful graphics and nice simple mechanics, but needs its world filled with ... something.
Cmd & Kill is perhaps the most spectacular technical achievement to emerge from the jam. An implementation of a Command and Conquer-style 90s RTS in 32x32 pixels. It's just about playable, too, with simple, effective controls and recognizable units. Good sound design helps cue player awareness and imbue it with genuine Westwood feel. 32p Tycoon is a similar demake for the Railway Tycoon genre, but I'm not smart enough to figure it out.
Samurai Assassin is a fast-paced action slice-em-up that's fun to play and stylish. It would probably be better if it had a larger playing field, though.
I couldn't figure out The Pyramid Gate, but it was trippy and creepy, so I approve. Likewise, 1024 Dread is a dark, raycasted 3D horror game that puts the player in a dark maze being pursued by a shadowy figure. It was far too scary for me.
Others that kept me engaged included Lowrez Drop, an addictive Tetris-like puzzle game, Guns, Beats and Dragons, a SmashTV-style shoot em up, and LowRez Runner, like Canabalt but slower and more forgiving.
× Expand Recent campaign finance filings show that Walker has transferred a total of $160,000 into a criminal defense fund.
With the recall election less than two days away, federal prosecutors are closing in on Governor Scott Walker, according to veteran political reporter David Shuster, former Attorney General Peg Lautenschlager, and former district attorney Bob Jambois.
In a conference call organized by state Democrats on Saturday evening, June 2, Shuster, Lautenschlager, and Jambois laid out evidence that Walker is a target of a federal investigation.
Wisconsin Democratic Party Communications Director Graeme Zielinski added that there is evidence of wrongdoing after Walker's time as Milwaukee County Executive, and that the investigation includes criminal activity during his time as governor.
Based on conversations with a lawyer who has knowledge of the investigation, "We believe that Scott Walker set up a secret computer network in the governor's office and Department of Administration offices, and that the John Doe investigation is seeking evidence of crimes he committed in Madison," Zielinski said.
Walker denied the allegations. At a campaign event on Saturday, Walker answered "absolutely not" to reporters' questions -- raised by David Shuster's reporting for Take Action News -- about whether he had been informed, either formally or informally, that he might be a target of federal prosecution. "I've never heard a single thing about that, other than spin from the left," Walker said. He described the allegations as "just more of the liberal scare tactics out there desperately trying to get the campaign off target."
"I stand by my reporting 100 percent," Shuster said in the conference call. "It's clear to me that he is, in fact, a target in a federal investigation."
Despite copious reporting, especially in the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, about the Milwaukee County district attorney's probe of alleged violations when Walker was county executive -- including a secret email network maintained by his staff for the purpose of conducting illegal campaign activity on county time, the theft of funds intended for the widows and orphans of Iraq War veterans, and possible favorable treatment of campaign donors seeking public contracts, not much has been written about the FBI probe.
"The Wisconsin press has only reported about the John Doe -- the state component," said Zielinski. "They have not reported on the federal component of this."
"I've been reporting on federal grand juries for twenty years" -- including Justice Department probes of former Arkansas Governor Jim Guy Tucker, Monica Lewinsky, Washington, D.C. Mayor Marion Barry, and Jack Abramoff -- said David Shuster, a former reporter for Fox News and anchor for MSNBC, who now works with Take Action News and as a host on Current TV.
In his reporting on FBI involvement in the current probe of Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, Shuster said he consulted with Justice Department attorneys in the public integrity section and "I got independent confirmation that he's a target."
Shuster said that he had learned Scott Walker's attorneys had been seeking to have their client publicly cleared of wrongdoing for the last five or six weeks, in the run-up to the recall election. Prosecutors could not clear him, Shuster said, because Walker is a target.
The ongoing John Doe investigation by the Milwaukee County District Attorney has led to criminal charges against three of Walker's former aides, an appointee, and a major donor. Thirteen of Walker's associates have been granted immunity -- including Walker's spokesman, Cullen Werwie.
Recent campaign finance filings show that Walker has transferred a total of $160,000 into a criminal defense fund -- the only criminal defense fund maintained by a governor of any state in the nation.
Walker's opponent in the recall election, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett, has repeatedly called for Walker to disclose the names of donors to his criminal defense fund, and to release emails relating to the investigation of wrongdoing on his watch in the county executive's office.
In Saturday's conference call, former prosecutor Bob Jambois said that when he was general counsel to the state Department of Transportation, he released thousands of pages of records and called a press conference to put to rest allegations of wrongdoing. "If Scott Walker thinks this is so unfair, why doesn't he open up these 1,400 emails," he said.
Jambois suggested that the emails Walker has not released must relate to a private email network, since reporters have been unable to access them through an open records request.
Lautenschlager agreed that "Walker should have produced evidence to clear himself" if he was not a target of investigation, and that it would be "malpractice" for his attorneys not to seek a letter from prosecutors clearing him.
She also disputed Walker's contention that he could not speak publicly about the investigation because prosecutors did not want him to.
"There is no happier person than a prosecutor when a target starts speaking publicly," she said.
As state attorney general, Lautenschlager said that she worked by a "rule of thumb" when investigating wrongdoing by politicians "not to say anything within two months of an election," unless prosecutors could clear the politician in question, to avoid the appearance of a politically motivated prosecution.
While that rules out an indictment before the election on Tuesday, she said, Walker appears to be "on that pathway toward indictment."
Coming Soon
YooHoo to the Rescue
In a series of magical missions, quick-witted YooHoo and his can-do crew travel the globe to help animals in need.
Trinkets
In this coming-of-age series, three teenage girls from different social circles form an unlikely friendship over their shared affinity for shoplifting.
Unbelievable
After a teen reports being raped, then recants her story, two female detectives follow evidence that could reveal the truth. Based on a true story.
PIECES OF HER
When an afternoon outing explodes into violence, a young woman's view of her mother is forever changed. Based on Karin Slaughter's best-selling novel.
Leila
In the forgotten margins of the segregated communities of a dystopian future, a woman searches for the daughter she lost upon her arrest years ago.
Shadow
Haunted by a tragic loss, an ex-cop with a rare inability to feel pain strikes out on his own to catch offenders who've eluded Johannesburg police.
Terrace House: Tokyo 2019-2020
As the eyes of the world turn to Tokyo for 2020, six new strangers will gather in this exciting city to live under the same roof.
Love Alarm
A software developer creates an app that alerts users if anyone nearby harbors romantic feelings for them. Adapted from the popular web cartoon.
Ted Kravitz and Mark Hughes explain what changes Mercedes have made in 2016 and why they may be impacting Lewis Hamilton Ted Kravitz and Mark Hughes explain what changes Mercedes have made in 2016 and why they may be impacting Lewis Hamilton
Has Mercedes' desire to make a quicker all-round car in 2016 cost Lewis Hamilton in his title battle with Nico Rosberg?
One fascinating theory put forward during Sky Sports F1's Malaysia GP qualifying show was that a crucial change in the W07 car's front suspension actually suits Rosberg's driving style rather than the world champion's.
Sky F1 technical analysts Ted Kravitz and Mark Hughes delve deeper into just what modifications Mercedes made in 2016, and why Hamilton may have struggled at circuits such as Baku and Singapore.
Hamilton, when asked by Rachel Brookes if he had the car to win a third F1 title this year simply replied "time will tell", with Mercedes boss Toto Wolff adding: "This car has won 14 out of 15 races, but equally there is a psychological effect that a driver needs to feel at home in the car.
"One year he feels really easy with the car and then one it might feel tricky. Maybe that's the case with Lewis this year."
Click play on the video above to watch the full clip.
Yoshiki Sasai is not just an ordinary tissue engineer who tries to coax stem cells to grow into fully formed bodily structures. It is true that Sasai has made his mark by taking on big projects like using stem cells to whip up a retina, cortical tissue and the cerebellum, involved with balance and movement. But his research has gone deeper by delving into the way stem cells organize themselves into complex structures under the influence of genes and the prenatal environment. Read a profile of Sasai here to accompany “Grow Your Own Eye,” Sasai's own account of growing a retina in the November Scientific American.
From Nature magazine
In December 2010, Robin Ali became suddenly excited by the usually mundane task of reviewing a scientific paper. “I was running around my room, waving the manuscript,” he recalls. The paper described how a clump of embryonic stem cells had grown into a rounded goblet of retinal tissue. The structure, called an optic cup, forms the back of the eye in a growing embryo. But this one was in a dish, and videos accompanying the paper showed the structure slowly sprouting and blossoming. For Ali, an ophthalmologist at University College London who has devoted two decades to repairing vision, the implications were immediate. “It was clear to me it was a landmark paper,” he says. “He has transformed the field.”
'He' is Yoshiki Sasai, a stem-cell biologist at the RIKEN Center for Developmental Biology in Kobe, Japan. Sasai has impressed many researchers with his green-fingered talent for coaxing neural stem cells to grow into elaborate structures. As well as the optic cup1, he has cultivated the delicate tissue layers of the cerebral cortex2 and a rudimentary, hormone-making pituitary gland3. He is now well on the way to growing a cerebellum4 — the brain structure that coordinates movement and balance. “These papers make for the most addictive series of stem-cell papers in recent years,” says Luc Leyns, a stem-cell scientist at the Free University of Brussels.
Sasai's work is more than tissue engineering: it tackles questions that have puzzled developmental biologists for decades. How do the proliferating stem cells of an embryo organize themselves seamlessly into the complex structures of the body and brain? And is tissue formation driven by a genetic program intrinsic to cells, or shaped by external cues from neighbouring tissues? By combining intuition with patient trial and error, Sasai has found that it takes a delicate balance of both: he concocts controlled environments that feed cells physical and chemical signals, but also gives them free rein to 'do their thing' and organize themselves into issues. He sometimes refers to himself as a Japanese matchmaker who knows that, having been brought together, two strangers need to be left alone. “They know what to do,” he says. “They interact in a delicate manner, and if the external cues are too strong, it will override the internal ones.”
Sasai's work could find medical applications. Recapitulating embryonic development in three dimensions, it turns out, generates clinically useful cells such as photoreceptors more abundantly and efficiently than two-dimensional culture can, and houses them in an architecture that mirrors that of the human body. Sasai and his collaborators are now racing to implant lab-grown retinas into mice, monkeys and humans. The way Sasai sees it, maturing stem cells in two-dimensional culture may lead to 'next generation' therapy — but his methods will lead to 'next, next generation' therapy.
Self-determined
A bit stiff in movement and reserved in manner, Sasai nevertheless puts on a theatrical show with a cocktail shaker at parties held by his institute after international symposia. “My second job is bartender,” he says, without a trace of a smile. It is, however, the cocktails he mixes in 96-well culture plates that have earned him scientific acclaim.
Like many members of his family, Sasai studied medicine. But he soon became frustrated by the lack of basic understanding in the field, especially when it came to neurological conditions. “Without knowing the brain, a doctor cannot do much for the patient and therapeutics will always be superficial,” he recalls thinking. There seemed no better way to know the brain than to study how it emerges and folds in the embryo. “It's complex and usually complex systems are messy,” says Sasai. “But it's one of the most ordered.” He wanted to know how this elaborate system was controlled.
One piece of the puzzle was well known: the Spemann organizer, a node in vertebrate embryos that induces surrounding cells to become neural tissue. How the organizer works had been a mystery since its discovery in 1924; to find out, Sasai accepted a postdoctoral position at the University of California, Los Angeles. The post got off to a difficult start when Sasai was robbed of his money and passports at the airport on his way to California. But his scientific efforts were soon rewarded. “He replaced the passports and within a month produced the clones that gave us the famous gene chordin,” says his supervisor, developmental biologist Eddy De Robertis.
Sasai and his colleagues discovered that the chordin protein is a key developmental signal released by the Spemann organizer5. Rather than pushing nearby cells to become neurons, they found, chordin blocks signals that would turn them into other cell types6,7. The work helped to establish the default model of neural induction: the idea that, without other signals, embryonic cells will follow an internal program to become neural cells.
By the late 1990s, embryonic-stem-cell scientists were also looking at these signals. They wanted to turn stem cells into mature cell types — particularly neurons — that might lead to therapies. The problem, says Sasai, is that scientists generally “push too hard and perturb the system”. Sasai knew that in the embryo, subtracting signals from the system is what counts, not perturbing it. “We tried to minimize external cues,” he says.
Sasai built an experimental system around that philosophy. He threw out the serum usually added to growing embryonic stem cells, which contains a brew of uncharacterized growth factors and other signalling molecules. He also removed physical cues, such as contact with the plastic surfaces of a culture dish, by allowing embryonic stem cells to spontaneously form floating aggregates known as embryoid bodies. “If they're attached, they're like prisoners and can't act out their own desires,” he says. Keeping the cells alive without these support systems was a challenge but, five years of careful experimentation later, Sasai published8 and later patented his serum-free embryoid body culture — a pared-down life-support system with just the right mixture of ingredients for cells to survive. It would go on to form the heart of his brain-tissue factory.
Tailor-made
Embryoid bodies in Sasai's system quickly become what he calls “brain balls” — populated with neural precursor cells. Sasai found that balls left entirely alone give rise to cells like those in the developing brain region called the hypothalamus9, but those given just a whiff of growth factors start differentiating into cerebral-cortex cells2. And when Sasai cultured the cells for about two weeks, he got a surprise: the cortical cells spontaneously started to form a layered structure that ended up strikingly similar to the cortex of a 15-day-old mouse. When transplanted into the brain of a newborn mouse, the structure survived. “That's what we do,” says Sasai. “We set up the permissive conditions, selecting the right medium and cell number. But after that we don't do anything. Keep them growing and let them do their job.”
The lab-grown cortex wasn't perfect, however: it had only four of the cerebral cortex's six cell layers, for example. Sasai thought that a retina — a layered tissue that sprouts from the embryonic brain and contains light-sensing photoreceptors — might be easier to grow. The retina is thinner than the cortex, forms earlier in embryo development and doesn't require a complex vascular system.
To adapt his system to a different type of tissue, Sasai makes minute changes to the culture conditions that nudge the cells down a developmental path. He genetically engineers fluorescent 'reporter' genes into the stem cells so that they are expressed when the cells differentiate into the desired type — in this case, retinal precursor cells — and reveal whether the system is working. “Our success depends on knowing how slight modifications can lead to dramatic change,” he says.
All it took to grow a retina, it turned out, were a few tweaks, such as a reduction in the concentration of growth factors and the addition of a standard cell-culture ingredient called Matrigel. The result closely mimics eye development in the embryo (see 'How to grow an eye'). By the sixth day in culture, the brain balls start sprouting balloon-like growths of retinal cells, which then collapse in on themselves to make the double-walled optic cups. Sasai's team snip them off — “like taking an apple from a tree”, says Sasai — transfer them to a different culture and let them be. Two weeks later, the cups have formed all six layers of the retina, an architecture that resembles the eye of an 8-day-old mouse (which, at that age, is still blind). That the cells could drive themselves through this dramatic biomechanical process without surrounding tissues to support them1 stunned Sasai as much as anyone else. “When I saw it, I thought, 'Oh my god.' Shape, topology and size are all recapitulated,” he says. Carefully explaining the pun to come, he adds: “In English, when you are surprised, you say 'eye-popping' — so we really thought this was eye-popping.”
Reproducing the results with human cells was the obvious, but not simple, next step. Peter Coffey, an ophthalmologist and neuroscientist at University College London, tried following Sasai's recipe to grow optic cups with human cells, and, as Coffey puts it, “failed catastrophically”. Sasai, who reported10 this year that he had accomplished the feat, says that it took careful tweaks to accommodate the sensitivities of human embryonic stem cells. Because these cells grow three times slower than those from mice, for example, Sasai had to start with of 9,000 cells instead of 3,000. Coffey says that his experience made him realize how much expertise has been built up in Sasai's lab. “They've been doing it a long time. Good on 'em,” he says, with an air of good-natured jealousy.
All eyes
All this will not create eyes that can be plugged into an eye socket like a light bulb into a lamp. Even if Sasai could get his optic cups to develop into mature retinas, researchers have little idea about how to wire a transplanted retina up to the brain.
What the work does offer is a potentially abundant source of pure, dense, well-organized photoreceptors, the developmental stage of which can be precisely selected — something that has been difficult to achieve in standard two-dimensional culture. Eventually, Sasai hopes, his optic cups will provide sheets of photoreceptors that can be inserted into a retina damaged by conditions such as retinitis pigmentosa or macular degeneration. Sasai demonstrates the procedure by grabbing a stack of papers to stand in for the retinal layers and then slipping one sheet between the others.
But linking the transplanted photoreceptors with the rest of the retina and with the brain will not be easy, as researchers working on eye stem-cell technologies have found. Robert Lanza, chief scientific officer of the stem-cell therapy company Advanced Cell Technology in Santa Monica, California, is sceptical. “I don't think we're anywhere near when we get those cells to connect up in any meaningful way,” he says.
Ali is more hopeful. In April, his team reported11 that it had improved the vision of partially blind mice using transplants of photoreceptor precursor cells taken from mice a few days old. Ali and another of Sasai's collaborators, Masayo Takahashi at the RIKEN Center for Developmental Biology, are starting to extract sheets of photoreceptors that have been grown using Sasai's methods and transplant them into mice; Takahashi plans to transplant them into monkeys by the end of the year. Both are cagey about their early results, but Takahashi says that in mice, the transplanted photoreceptors “survived well”.
Hormonal challenge
Sasai has set his sights on more complex neural tissues. Last November, he reported3 the formation of a part of the pituitary gland — his “most complicated” tissue yet. In the embryo, the pituitary gland arises when two different tissues integrate to form a pouchlike structure. Sasai managed to recapitulate this in vitro partly by starting out with more than three times more embryonic stem cells than he had used to grow a mouse retina; the adjustment seems to increase the levels of signals that the cells exchange. When transplanted into mice in which the pituitary glands had been knocked out, the rudimentary organs restored the endocrine system and saved the mice. This work, too, might eventually provide a supply of pure, specialized cells, which could be used to treat endocrine disorders.
Sasai hopes to improve on his early efforts by growing a better pituitary gland, equipped with a blood supply; a cerebral cortex with all six layers of tissue; and photoreceptors mature enough to detect light. But his next major task is to culture a cerebellum, which will involve growing and integrating three tissues of different embryonic origins. The matchmaker is already at work, trying to conjure up the right atmosphere. “When a boy meets a girl, they start their own story — but not in a large auditorium full of people,” he says. “You need to put them on a beach or in a disco. Our system is simply going to create this environment.”
What Sasai plans to take on after the cerebellum is a secret, but he hopes eventually to encompass the whole brain. He does not mean building one — that would be enormously difficult and ethically fraught. Instead, he wants to work out how brain parts, with their remarkable capacity for autonomous growth and organization, combine and fold into a structure of such tremendous complexity.
“I don't want to be a parts-maker, making more and more tissues,” says Sasai. “I always want something conceptually different.”
This article is reproduced with permission from the magazine Nature. The article was first published on August 22, 2012.
European R&D hub Solliance has today welcomed Japans Panasonic Corporation into the fold as an industrial partner specifically concerned with furthering the research and development of perovskite solar cell (PSC) technology.
Panasonic has joined the Solliance program to boost processes that will enable greater roll-to-roll manufacturing of perovskite, aiding research efforts at the Solliance pilot production facilities located in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, and also at imecs research lab in Leuven, Belgium.
The Japanese company will conduct a series of feasibility studies concerning the production of roll-to-roll printed PSCs at volume. The aim of the partnership is to create the industrys most "commercially focused" and "technically capable" efforts yet in bringing mass-produced PSCs to market.
Solliance director Huib van den Heuvel said that Panasonics involvement strengthens the industrial participation of one of the PV sectors most exciting research fields. Active already in the field of thin film PV technology, Solliances facilities will be opened to Panasonics team to develop greater cross-collaboration and cooperation in PSC research.
Panasonic  which recently achieved a world-record efficiency for its HIT solar module  has been an industrial partner across a number of imecs research programs for more than a decade, and the companys Toshihiro Higuchi said that Panasonic is looking forward to working with Solliance.
"Solliances roll-to-roll pilot production infrastructure and the know-how related to PSCs is world class," he remarked.
The WordPress platform is yet again under attack, thanks to vulnerabilities across old and new versions of the content management system.
The most pressing issue is a fresh zero-day, a previously unknown and unpatched weakness, affecting the latest version of WordPress, 4.2, and prior iterations, as revealed by Finnish company Klikki Oy yesterday. It released a video and proof of concept code for an exploit of the flaw, which allows a hacker to store malicious JavaScript code on WordPress site comments. Under normal circumstances, this should be blocked as it could be abused to send visitors' usernames and passwords to a hacker's site - what's known as a cross-site scripting attack. All that's required is for a user's browser to parse the code when they land on the affected site.
If a logged-in administrator visits the affected page, the hacker could acquire access to the server, Klikki Oy warned. “Alternatively the attacker could change the administrator's password, create new administrator accounts, or do whatever else the currently logged-in administrator can do on the target system.” For website admins, the advice for now is to disable comments until a fix is released.
Ryan Dewhurst, security researcher and owner of the WordPress vulnerability database WPScan, told FORBES he'd tested the attack code and it worked. His own proof of concept hack can be found on Github. He noted the attack requires the hacker to have a previously approved comment on the target site so the comment containing the exploit does not need approving.
To inject a malicious JavaScript script via this zero-day, the hacker has to make their comment sufficiently long enough so the data chunk received by the MySQL database for the site is equal to 64KB. This causes an error allowing for the rogue code to be placed in the comments. Exactly 65,535 'A' characters would do the trick, Dewhurst said.
Gary Pendergast, from the WordPress team, said a fix was on the way, but there was no timeline. He recommended using the Akismet plugin that should help block attacks.
Just last week, WordPress 4.1.2 was updated due to a number of vulnerabilities, including a remarkably similar cross-site scripting issue reported by researcher Cedric Van Bockhaven that was open to attack for at least 14 months. Users have been advised to update, though with the fresh zero-day they will likely remain unprotected upon upgrading.
CloudFlare, the content delivery network that sees roughly five per cent of the web's traffic going through its servers, said on Friday it had seen malicious emails sent out by hackers trying to point people to a compromised WordPress site hosted by Bluehost. It appeared they were abusing one of the critical flaws in older versions of the CMS, most likely the cross-site scripting weakness in 4.1.1 and below.
Given WordPress sites have been beleaguered by attacks throughout recent years, as should be expected when roughly 20 percent of the web runs on the platform, users should take all precautions necessary.
UPDATE: WordPress has now fixed the flaw with the release of 4.2.1. Time to get patching.
How much do Americans earn? This seems to be a relatively easy question to answer yet rarely do we get concrete facts in the media about American income figures. On some financial shows, you get people saying that being middle class is making $250,000 a year which is outrageous because this is twisting words and ignoring basic math. If we look at the true middle, the actual median, the typical U.S. household makes $51,000 per year. That is a far cry from $250,000 or even $100,000. Yet this kind of misinformation is what passes as financial news today. Americans for the most part are largely in the dark as to what other people earn. There is no conspiracy out in the market but there is a concerted effort to keep people in the financial dark because it keeps them from realizing how bad financially they actually have it. It also keeps people spending money they don't have and rarely asking questions about their financial health. Instead of confronting this reality families dive into massive debt to try to keep up the pretense that they are making progress forward. Budgeting and methods for taking care of your hard earned income are largely left off any educational curriculum yet will likely have a massive impact on your lifestyle. How much do Americans earn?
American earnings in a time of inflation
Inflation has a slow eroding power to your purchasing prowess. You may get the same nominal amount for the same work but when you go out to purchase items, you realize that your dollar simply isn't going as far as it once did. For example, think of the price changes in the following items over the last decade:
-College Education -Housing -Food -Energy -Automobiles -Healthcare
These areas consume the largest portion of your earnings. Before we go any further it would be useful to get the latest Census data on household incomes:
Source: Census
As of the latest Census survey, we have 115+ million households in America. The typical U.S. households pulls in $51,371 per year. This is the true middle in our middle class. If you make more than $200,000 per year, that would put you in the top 4 percent of all U.S. households. That is definitely not the middle class. That is the upper class at least based on the income tables above that look at hard data and facts from U.S. families.
It is interesting to also look at individual wages overall:
Source: Social Security
The above is from the Social Security data set. The typical individual American earns $27,519 per year. Looking at the Census data, this would make logical sense. It also adds more evidence as to why so many Americans are facing an imminent retirement crisis. Many Americans simply do not earn enough to save after paying all the basic bills. A few research studies show that 1 out of 3 Americans have absolutely no savings to their name.
Why are things tougher? Because adjusting for inflation people are making less:
Keep in mind the recession officially ended in the summer of 2009. Americans are finding that most of their earnings are getting eaten away by basic items like college education, healthcare, housing, and food. More to the point, many Americans can't even afford a house or a college education without going into an abyss of debt.
Even a moderate amount of inflation is problematic if wages are not going up. How much do Americans earn? Less and less than erosion eats away what income they earn.
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today's challenging market!
Couple Fined For Negative Review Tell Company To Make It Right Or Get Sued
Remember the husband and wife who were told they had to pay $3,500 and suffered credit damage after posting a negative review of a company online ? Of course you do, because it's all ridiculous for numerous reasons — all which have been pointed out in a letter from Public Citizen Litigation, which is representing Jen and John.
The least of those reasons is simply that the couple never even received the order in question. But despite that, KlearGear.com claimed that by posting a negative review of the company online, the couple violated a non-disparagement clause that it claimed was in its online Terms of Use.
But it turns out that the clause in question wasn't even on the KlearGear site in December 2008, when John first tried to buy something on the site and when his wife subsequently posted her review.
Despite that, the company filed a complaint with credit companies, severely dinging the couples' credit scores and making it impossible to get a loan to buy a new furnace.
Public Citizen points out in its letter to KlearGear.com [PDF] that any clause, if it had even existed at the time, would be invalid “because it constitutes unfair surprise in a take-it-or-leave-it contract, and the terms themselves… are so one-sided in their broad, restrictive impact as to oppress an innocent party”.
“KlearGear.com's unscrupulous conduct has affected every aspect of our lives, from major financial transactions like financing a new home purchase and a car purchase, to basic needs like heat in our home,” says John. “We are fighting not only to clear my credit record and obtain compensation for our ordeal but also to make sure that no one else has to go through what we did.”
In the letter, Public Citizen demands KlearGear to contact relevant credit agencies and tell them the debt was in error, as well as compensation of $75,000 and the removal of its non-disparagement clause from its Terms of Use.
If KlearGear.com refuses these demands, the couple will file a lawsuit.
We're happy Jen and John have received such an outpouring of support, which many of our wonderful readers have been a part of. It feels good when someone comes to the aid of a little guy, huh?
Broadband-Hamnet NEWSFLASH Written by Administrator
9/21/2015 Notice: There is a serious risk to certain Ubiquiti hardware when used with software not written to match their new boot loader. The issue occurs when recent Ubiquiti devices with a new bootloader version are used with firmware not specifically modified for this change.
OpenWRT is the original software for Broadband-Hamnet software designed for Ubiquiti products.
At present, the issue is under investigation.
To prevent unrecoverable damage to your Ubiquiti devices, we STRONGLY recommend waiting until the limits, methods to avoid the risk and specific steps are posted. If you purchase new UBNT gear, and it has 5.6 version firmware, you will need to flash it to older 5.5 UBNT firmware FIRST, and then load our firmware.
Further details of the actual issue are here: http://wiki.openwrt.org/toh/ubiquiti/airmaxm
Welcome to the Broadband-Hamnet™ web site Written by Jim Kinter, K5KTF Broadband-Hamnet™ (formerly called HSMM-Mesh™) is a high speed, self discovering, self configuring, fault tolerant, wireless computer network that can run for days from a fully charged car battery, or indefinitely with the addition of a modest solar array or other supplemental power source. The focus is on emergency communications. In its current form it is built using the Linksys WRT54G/GL/GS wireless routers and operates on channels 1-6 of the 2.4GHz ISM band, which overlaps with the upper portion of the 13cm amateur radio band. Other platforms and bands include several types of Ubiquiti equipment in the 900MHz, 2.4GHz and 5.7GHz band. Adidtional features let signals come in on one band and leave on another without additional configuration. All mesh nodes on all bands exchange data so long as they are within range. We will be adding support for Ubiquiti 3.4GHz gear as well. OLSR is used for auto linking of the mesh node radios. OpenWRT firmware tools are used for firmware development. Broadband-Hamnet™ is currently being designed, developed and deployed as an amateur radio broadband communications system. It originated in Austin, Texas but has spread all across the USA and many other countries around the world. Glenn KD5MFW, David AD5OO, Bob WB5AOH and Rick NG5V are the gents spearheading the efforts, while yours truly, Jim K5KTF keeps the website up and running to provide information about the project. There is a distributed development community with users in a number of areas of the USA and other continents. If you have questions, our forums would be a great place to research and ask questions. You will need to register and login to post to them but reading online is available without an account. Expanded search abilities are now available to find topics and keywords. Just use the search option at the top of most pages. First time visitor? This technology is amazingly popular, having a true Worked all Continents, (including Antarctica) thousands of users overseas, and a huge number of users in the USA. Anyone can read from the site. If you want to see how many users have registered to post on the forums, click the forums link in the main menu and scroll all the way to the bottom. As of 1/2/2018, there are almost 8,000 registered users for the site. In the upper left corner of the home page, logged-in users and guests are shown. These numbers regularly run between 50 and many hundreds of concurrent guests.
Regardless of your experience level, please take a moment to learn a bit about how our firmware works . The biggest source of confusion is the notion that our project is application software. It is not an application, but rather a network. As a network, it can transport data or use application software residing at another location just like your home or office network The page linked above contains a significant list of what it is/is not and will give you a good overview of Broadband-Hamnet™ operations.Â Mesh networks are different than normal WiFi. Microwave networks are different than UHF/VHF or HF networks. Different rules apply concerning propagation and RF safety. Adding an amplifier rarely improves communications and is never your first choice. You may want to read the linked page completely, do some exploring around the web site and then go back to re-read info on the link above to lock in your understanding. As you begin to think about how a network can be used, your options for employing Broadband-Hamnet™ will continue to expand.
Get on the map Written by Jim Kinter, K5KTF If you have a mesh node (or 3) installed, and would like to have it put on our Googlemap http://www.broadband-hamnet.org/googlemapped-mesh-nodes.html (viewable by registered and logged-in users), fill out the form.
That way, any nearby meshers (or potential meshers) will have an idea which way to point.
General Disclaimer Written by David Rivenburg, AD5OO In order to gain benefit from this system you must be fluent in TCP/IP networking or be a highly motivated self-starter who can independently acquire that fluency. At this stage there are relatively few developers and users, and they are already stretched thin with their current contributions. While we have made the system as easy to use as possible, it can still be a complex system and we cannot offer any basic network training. As our user and developer base grows we may collectively be able to offer such support but at this time you are responsible for your own education in the fundamentals of computer networking.
HSMM-MESH™ is not a fully mature, time tested, finished product. However, its basic functionality is proven and it is quite useful in its current state. It provides a network infrastructure upon which numerous applications can be built. This project is in its infancy and requires contributions from its users and developers before it will be suitable for a wider audience. If you have a specific application in mind, hop on board and help us grow the capabilities of the mesh.
HSMM-MESH™ is not a one-size-fits-all solution. It may or may not be suitable for your application. You will be better served by changing your application to fit the mesh than the other way around. Using a mesh node is relatively easy. Setting up its internal structure and services to create the mesh is not easy, but it is very easy to break if not done correctly. While it is essential to have an understanding of general networking principles to use the mesh effectively, the mesh is not a conventional network. You will have to learn some new ways of thinking about networking. I strongly recommend reading the HSMM-MESH Design Philosophy article for an overview of how the system is designed.
All that being said, this is a new way to HAVE FUN with ham radio! For $60 you will not be able to find a more capable radio than that contained in a WRT54G. If you have grown weary of the colossally slow pace of digital communications with HF and VHF radio, give HSMM-MESH™ a try!
Unfortunately, all this needs to be said as well:
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE TRADEMARK HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TRADEMARK OWNERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Legal Information regarding Broadband-Hamnet™ Written by Glenn Currie, KD5MFW Broadband-Hamnet™ is intended for amateur radio use and passing amateur radio traffic. It is NOT intended to replace your personal Internet connection. It is a “feature” that Broadband-Hamnet™ can be connected to the Internet. General Internet access is not its primary purpose. Use your personal Internet connection under Part-15 FCC rules, to serve that purpose.
There are many ways to use Broadband-Hamnet™, in compliance with Amateur Radio Part-97 FCC rules - without connecting to the Internet. The system is designed to be a robust, stand alone wireless network - that CAN be connected to the Internet.
If an operator connects their mesh network to the Internet, here are some ways, under FCC Part-97 rules, that it can be used: Echolink, Winlink/RMS Packet, tunnel meshing, remote control of radios/equipment, video relay, VoIP connections, APRS.
The operator of a mesh node has to make an active software configuration selection to pass Internet traffic onto the mesh network. Providing an Internet link is NOT the default mode in the Broadband-Hamnet™ software. Additionally, the operator must attach a live Internet connection to the mesh node to pass Internet traffic.
If an operator takes these multiple active steps to connect their radio to the Internet, then they will need to understand what traffic is being passed and that it is covered by their Amateur Radio license.
If they join a mesh that has Internet access, each radio operator should do what is needed to keep operations legal.
If you need help operating your radio correctly, others can try to help, but ultimately, it is your license and your responsibility to operate legally.
As with ANY piece of Ham radio gear, Broadband-Hamnet™ COULD be used illegally, and it is the control operator's duty to make sure it is being used in accordance with FCC Part-97 Amateur Radio rules.
This website is not in a position to offer any definitive legal advice. Only a duly appointed person, empowered to interpret the rules and regulations, can do that. That means that for most of us, our opinion has no legal standing – no more than any personal opinion on tax law.
Since we cannot offer any definitive legal advice, we wish to avoid the fruitless legal arguments that have raged in multiple ham radio forums, and only served to get people upset. To do so, would be to expend resources that cost real money, for no useful purpose.
The moderators and administrators of the website will limit non-productive lines of discussion, and/or may pull postings of such nature. Rulings made by a moderator/administrator of this website are final.
SPONSORED AD:
In 2015, Meta Mesh set off on an ambitious quest: to provide all of Pittsburgh with free, high-speed wireless internet. In the years since, the small nonprofit has realized the mission — albeit with varying degrees of success — in Braddock, the Hill District and in Allentown, where its offices are based at the co-working space, Work Hard Pittsburgh. Now some new funding will allow them to cover the rest of the city.
In late September, Meta Mesh received a $120,000 grant from the Hillman Foundation to expand free public WiFi throughout Pittsburgh and Allegheny County. The money will enable them to establish PittMesh, a sustainable WiFi network communities can rely on, especially during emergency situations where power outages could wipe out private routers and leave people stranded. On a more day-to-day basis, it would allow individuals to travel throughout Pittsburgh using their devices without using data.
Meta Mesh Co-founder and Executive Director Adam Longwill believes the service could improve the quality of life for many Pittsburgh residents, including those in underserved areas.
“There are a lot of people who need internet access and there's a huge tax on their time to access it,” says Longwill, adding that a person shouldn't have to take a bus to the library in order to check their email. “We want to see ubiquitous internet access and we think we have a model to deliver it.”
Before, the organization depended on donated bandwidth from neighborhood businesses like cafes or coffee shops. The signal was then bounced off nearby repeater routers, allowing it to spread and create a WiFi bubble.
But, as Meta Mesh Co-founder and Director of Outreach, Becky Zajdel, points out, the approach presented its share of challenges.
“[Businesses] still had questions about security and were hesitant to donate,” she says. They also found that more residential communities — such as one of their original target neighborhoods, Morningside — lacked a large enough business district to support a WiFi network.
The networks are also limited in terms of bandwidth, Longwill says, with “a bunch of little WiFi routers that can spit out 20 to 50 megabits a second.”
To solve this issue, Meta Mesh decided they needed a way to acquire their own bandwidth and push it out into neighborhoods as opposed to depending on the charity of others. So they approached the Keystone Initiative for Network Based Education and Research (KINBER), a Harrisburg-based nonprofit that works to provide internet connectivity to organizations throughout Pennsylvania.
“We came up with a plan where [KINBER] gave us unlimited, low-cost, high-speed fiber bandwidth,” says Zajdel, adding that they plan to share it with developing communities in Pittsburgh or resell it to the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership to provide free or low-cost public WiFi in high-traffic spaces like Market Square.
So far, Meta Mesh has seen success with the new approach during the recent Hilltopolis event in Grandview Park, where they supplied public WiFi for more than 700 attendees. Longwill says that in the coming months, they plan on “expanding the network that we have and making it more resilient, useful and usable.”
The Meta Mesh team is also helping to build a mesh network in hurricane-devastated Puerto Rico by using satellite internet and solar-powered devices.
Wenger is eager to stay at Arsenal even if he fails to secure a top-four spot for the first time during his 21 years at the club Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images
Arsène Wenger is frustrated by the lack of public support that he has received from Arsenal during his side's struggles this season.
The club released a statement from chairman Sir Chips Keswick last month acknowledging that they “understood the debate” about Wenger's future but it stopped short of endorsing the manager of 21 years, insisting only that a decision about a new deal “will be made by us mutually and communicated at the right time in the right way”.
Wenger has told Arsenal that he is ready to sign the new two-year contract that has been on the table for him since last summer, but the club are wary of a backlash from fans and want him to wait until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has appointed his son-in-law Jared Kushner as his senior White House advisor, in a move that could test anti-nepotism laws.
"Jared has been a tremendous asset and trusted advisor throughout the campaign and transition and I am proud to have him in a key leadership role in my administration," Mr Trump in a statement.
Mr Kushner, 35, was a hugely influential if largely discreet confidant to his father-in-law during his 2016 campaign for the White House, but there are legal questions that could complicate his potential new job.
"Mr Kushner is committed to complying with federal ethics laws and we have been consulting with the Office of Government Ethics regarding the steps he would take," NBC News quoted Mr Kushner's lawyer as saying in a statement.
Like Mr Trump, Mr Kusher is a property developer. (AAP) ()
Mr Kushner, a property developer and magazine publisher who has been credited with being the brains behind the scenes that helped get his father-in-law elected, is married to Mr Trump's eldest daughter Ivanka.
A federal nepotism law, passed after then-president John F. Kennedy appointed his brother attorney general, prohibits any president from hiring a relative.
But Mr Trump's advisors have previously said there might be more leeway when it comes to the White House, rather than the cabinet.
Meanwhile, Mr Trump has again stirred controversy after he lashed out on Twitter at actor Meryl Streep.
Streep used an award acceptance speech at the Golden Globe awards to criticise the president-elect's mocking of a disabled reporter on the campaign trail.
Mr Trump hit back on his favourite online medium, labelling the esteemed actor "over-rated" and a "Hillary [Clinton] flunky".
Read more: Trump fires back at Streep after Golden Globes speech
With AFP.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
A Vancouver man is accusing the Vancouver Police Department of excessive force, and the whole assault is caught on tape.
Yaletown resident, Andi Shae Akhavan, sent video to Global News showing the arrest.
He said he was riding his bike back from his friend's house around 10:30 p.m. Tuesday night. “I pull up to a red light at Beatty and Seymour,” he said, “and I realize that there are cops pulled up next to me. And there's two of them, plain clothes, in an undercover car, and they just asked me if I noticed I went through a red light.”
“Since we were at a red light, I said ‘well we stopped at this one, you're next to me', and they said ‘no the previous one', and I said ‘no I don't recall going through it, you know, the streets are pretty dead.'”
Akhavan said the police then told him they were going to write him up, and proceeded to get out of the car. “They started to write me up, and I basically said ‘don't you guys have anything better to do? I'm only a block away from my house, I was only you know, just cruising home real quick', and at that point, I guess, because I asked them if they could be doing something better than arresting a bicyclist, or writing up a ticket for one, they decided to put cuffs on me.”
He said the police didn't read him his rights before putting handcuffs on him, and what followed from there was caught on video by a passerby.
“They're putting the cuffs on me, he's yanking my arm pretty tight, both hands are held back at this point, I turn around to say, and he winds up and hits me in the face.”
The force so strong it actually broke his tooth, piercing his lip. He ended up at the ER to get it checked out.
“At that point, beyond getting punched in the face and being stunned, I just realized he had done something wrong, and that, you know it was just completely out of line,” said Akhavan.
“I was surprised but in the same sense I wasn't surprised that a police officer was, in this sense, taking advantage of their power.”
He said he wouldn't want this to happen to anyone else, and he is going to file a complaint with the VPD.
Sergeant Randy Fincham with the Vancouver Police said in a statement that allegations of police misconduct are taken very seriously by the Vancouver Police Department.
“Following the incident, the man was treated at the scene for a cut lip by Vancouver Fire and Rescue Services. The man was released by police on a promise to appear pending charge approval,” Fincham said in an email to Global News.
“The incident was reported by the member to his supervisor shortly after the incident. The incident has also been reported to the Professional Standards Section of the Vancouver Police Department who will in turn notify the Office of the Police Complaints Commissioner. ”
“The officer is currently on weekly leave.”
The B.C. Civil Liberties Association reacted to the incident today, saying they will watch the outcome of the investigation closely, given “the poor history of police investigation of alleged police misconduct in this province.”
Michael Vonn, policy director at the association says it's unclear if Akhavan is resisting arrest in the video.
Akhavan said he was given a court date for obstructing police. He said he is not really sure what that means.
“It doesn't feel good getting punched in the face, and you least expect it coming from a police officer.”
There are many world leaders who rail against the US central bank's $600bn (£375bn) bond buying spree, which they believe has artificially inflated financial markets and blighted their recovering economies with persistently high inflation.
Without quantitative easing, they argue, their populations could still afford to buy staple foods without busting their already stretched budgets. Local stock markets, flooded with excess US cash, would also stop reaching bubble proportions and threatening to burst, an outcome with horrific consequences for investor confidence.
Tomorrow will bring the Federal Reserve's second round of quantitative easing – "QE2" – to a conclusion, and many of those leaders, from India to China and Brazil to South Korea, will breathe a sigh of relief.
For the moment, Fed chairman Ben Bernanke is willing to pause. Not only is he facing a barrage of criticism from foreign policymakers, but QE has become a central issue for the right-wing Tea Party political movement in the US. Day after day, Republicans parade through the TV studios of CNN and Fox News to denounce Bernanke and his asset purchasing scheme for importing inflation back into the US, especially through higher oil prices, and his refusal to back austerity measures. After $1.8tn of asset purchases dating from QE1 in addition to $600bn from QE2, Republicans say the state has played its final hand.
Yet to many economists, the benefits of QE are clear. At times when the banks are near-bust and unable to lend, the central bank must step in.
Several countries hit by the credit crunch have chosen to employ it, though when the Japanese did so, they were widely considered to have missed the mark. Their central bank attempted to inject funds through local banks, but the cash was largely absorbed. With little demand from cash-rich corporations for lending and consumer confidence low, the central bank's funds went nowhere.
Deluged
US and British central bankers bypassed the banks and bought government bonds held by institutional investors and pension funds, exchanging them for cash. The rise in demand for bonds sent yields crashing through the floor, which encouraged investors to look at alternatives. Their first port of call was the stock market: data shows the US stock market rising last summer in line with the Fed's bond-buying, pausing when the Fed paused, and racing away when the buying began again.
Commodity markets, corporate bond markets and emerging stock markets have also found themselves deluged with investor cash looking for a high return.
The chase for yield – the need to hold assets with a low value relative to the return – is nothing new. However, the billions of pounds spent by central banks on their own government's bonds released a tidal wave of cash that needed to find a home. Booming commodity markets were an unwanted side-effect of boosting investor confidence in stock and bond markets, which had threatened to spiral downwards when the recession hit.
Adam Posen, an external member of the Bank of England's monetary policy committee, repeated his warning earlier in the week that Britain needed another dose of QE to keep asset prices from sliding and stop confidence in the economy ebbing away. In the face of government austerity cuts, which will strip more than £12bn out of the economy this year in rising VAT bills alone, he said an extra £50bn in QE was the bare minimum needed.
In the US there are also members of the federal open market committee, the Fed's equivalent roster of economic experts, who support further QE. Unemployment is rising, growth has slowed dramatically and the closely watched Case-Shiller index of property values in 20 cities fell 4% year on year in April, the biggest drop since November 2009. Robert Shiller, the founder of the index, said this month that US house prices could fall 25%, adding to the 33% dive in values since 2009. The Dow Jones average of US shares has also fallen since the beginning of May, when Bernanke ruled out QE3.
Analyst Paresh Upadhyaya of Bank of America Merrill Lynch said it was noticeable that while the markets had noticed the change in direction, the reaction was subdued.
"This was notable since it shifted the US monetary policy stance from easing to on-hold – an important change that went under-appreciated in our view as markets were distracted by global growth and the incessant peripheral European woes."
Nick Parsons, head of market strategy at NAB Capital, said he remained sanguine that asset purchases were about to end. He argued the Fed would hang on to its existing portfolio, which was enough to maintain market confidence and support the US economy as it recovers.
However, QE3 remains a distinct possibility. Andy Howse, an investment director at Fidelity, said that with the US about to follow Britain down the road to austerity, with potentially steep cuts in welfare spending, the Fed could be forced to open its wallet again.
Unwind
"As we come to the end of QE2, it is unlikely that the Federal Reserve will waver from its commitment to foster economic growth and employment. Given the present vulnerability of US economic growth, it seems fairly unlikely that it will drastically unwind the treasuries bought during this latest asset purchase programme," he said.
While it was possible that unemployment could still fall as a result of QE2 and wages starting to rise in reaction to higher than expected inflation, it was an unlikely scenario, he argued. "There are also worries over weak economic growth, particularly in the context of the public debt position. In contrast to the UK, the US has only just started to consider the spending cuts that most observers believe are necessary in the long term. Congress recently approved a paltry $38.5bn spending cut, which pales in comparison with the US government's ballooning budget deficit that is expected to hit $1.5tn this year. A growing chorus of support for larger cuts means this is a real possibility next year."
More QE could mean higher commodity prices and higher inflation in economies that become the target of US investors – but, for Bernanke, it is a small price to pay for keeping the US economy from a full-blown depression.
Researchers used a gene-editing strategy in DNA to eliminate HIV-1 infection in animal studies. Photo by Gio.tto/Shutterstock
May 1 (UPI) -- Researchers at Temple University and the University of Pittsburgh successfully excised HIV DNA from the genomes of living animals to eliminate HIV-1 infection, the report in a new study.
The team is the first to perform HIV-1 replication and shut down the virus, eliminating it from infected cells in three different animal models, including a "humanized" animal model where mice were transplanted with human immune cells and infected with HIV.
To do this, researchers used the gene-editing technology CRISPR/Cas9 to excise viral fragments from latently infected human cells embedded in mouse tissues and organs. The work continued a previous proof-of-concept study in which they used transgenic rat and mouse models with HIV-1 DNA incorporated into the genome of every tissue of the animals' bodies.
"Our new study is more comprehensive," Dr. Wenhui Hu, an associate professor in the Center for Metabolic Disease Research and the Department of Pathology at the Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University, said in a press release. "We confirmed the data from our previous work and have improved the efficiency of our gene editing strategy. We also show that the strategy is effective in two additional mouse models, one representing acute infection in mouse cells and the other representing chronic, or latent, infection in human cells."
Researchers genetically inactivated HIV-1 in transgenic mice, reducing the RNA expression of viral genes by roughly 60 to 95 percent. They tested their system in mice infected with EcoHIV, which is the mouse equivalent of human HIV-1.
The strategy was 96 percent effective in EcoHIV mice, giving the first evidence for HIV-1 eradication by prophylactic treatment with the CRISPR/Cas9 system.
Researchers determined the success of the strategy by measuring levels of HIV-1 RNA and used a new live bioluminescence imaging system.
The study was published in Molecular Therapy.
From a friend in the South... At 75, perhaps I should say “good bye” now, just in case. If you don't hear from me, you'll know why. Something happened that required surgery and not enough Republicans and Independents got off their butts to go hold their nose and vote for Mitt Romney to get this Pretender out of office so we could get rid of Obamacare. Which is worse? You, your parents, your grandparents dying because they're over 70 and need their appendix taken out? Or using vouchers for Medicare for those under 55 (nothing changes for those over 55). MB
I was talking last night (Sunday) with my son-in-law's brother who is a Neurosurgeon at Emory Hospital in Atlanta , which, if you are not familiar with it, ranks up there with the finest hospitals in the country.
A group of non-doctors, from 'our' (????) country's Department of Health arrived last week at Emory for a two day session and is on their rounds around the country to make sure every hospital fully understands the new rules (which start in December (after the elections) concerning treating all patients over 70 years of age.
You heard of the death squads early on after Obamacare was passed and many people claimed it was not true and that people were misquoting what was in the bill. Well if you believed this you are wrong. DEAD WRONG!
This group informed the staff Emory and all the doctors present that they will very soon not be allowed to operate on anyone over 70 (no matter how urgent or life threatening the situation is), without first having it approved by a board of eight doctors. Failure to comply will result in a huge financial burden to the hospital and more than likely the doctor will lose his/her ability to practice medicine anywhere in the country.
This board is to be established at every hospital in the country and the board members will only work eight hours a day. We will discuss this a little later on as the DOH group almost got lynched at this point by the doctors who were present.
This board of doctors will not be made up of active doctors. All the doctors must be retired - and may even be retired up to 30 or 40 years. Further, Obamacare sees no need or requirement for them to be skilled in surgery. Another very vocal argument broke out here as these doctors likely may not even be aware of what advancements have taken place in surgery over the last 5-10 years nor what is going today as well. Also, anyone who has ever been a doctor can serve on these boards. For example, Individuals with skills only in pediatrics, podiatry, dermatology, etc., may be making decisions as to whether a brain operation is required or not.
The point that got the Emory doctors so upset originally was that the "Death Board" will be available only 8 hours during the day. And once their 8 hour shift is up, they may have to wait 16 hours to get in touch with them and another hour or two or three to get a decision and permission to operate.
But they daily have cases in which it is crucial to operate within 30 minutes.
The staff at Emory Hospital will be coordinating with other hospitals and together they will make a concerted effort to bring about significant changes to this portion of Obamacare.
When the question was raised from the floor by a young doctor as to whether doctors had to get permission to operate on congressmen and/or future members of the executive branch who would later be over 70, the answer was, "Of course not!"
When the same young doctor asked, "Why not." They refused to answer.
Attorney General Eric Holder announced Friday that some top al-Qaeda 9/11 conspirators will be tried by jury in New York not far from the scenes of devastation that they had wrought.
This decision by the Obama administration demonstrates faith in the American way of life, and a conviction that even the worst mass murderers can be dealt justice by democratic institutions.
Predictably, Republican critics vowed to fight the decision, since they much prefer to hold people forever without trial while torturing them, sort of the way some English kings did in North America before there was that pesky American constitution. In fact, on a whole range of issues, the contemporary Republican Party is a party of medieval romanticism. Its disquisitions on when the human person begins are theological in character and rooted in assumptions even a lot of medievals would have questioned. Its faith that bankers would never steal from us and so do not need to be regulated is a form of mysticism that medievals would have applied to saints. And its fascination with arbitrary arrest and imprisonment and with torture more recalls the star chambers of yore than the deliberations at Philadelphia over 200 years ago.
Let us listen not to John Boehner of Ohio but to a Founding Father, Thomas Jefferson:
‘ “I consider [trial by jury] as the only anchor ever yet imagined by man, by which a government can be held to the principles of its constitution.” –Thomas Jefferson to Thomas Paine, 1789. ME 7:408, Papers 15:269 ‘
Or here is John Adams:
“Representative government and trial by jury are the heart and lungs of liberty.” – John Adams (1774)
Many Republicans oppose not only jury trials but even habeas corpus for the prisoners at Guantanamo (the right to apply to a court judge to be produced in court so that the authorities are forced to justify the prisoner's imprisonment). They do so on supposed national security grounds, just as the British kings used to. In fact, of course, these prisoners have no fresh information on plots and cannot possibly know anything of value to any contemporary terrorists at large, since they have been sequestered for so many years.
Here is what Thomas Jefferson had to say about the suspension of rights such as habeas corpus on national security grounds:
‘ “Why suspend the habeas corpus in insurrections and rebellions? The parties who may be arrested may be charged instantly with a well defined crime; of course, the judge will remand them. If the public safety requires that the government should have a man imprisoned on less probable testimony in those than in other emergencies, let him be taken and tried, retaken and retried, while the necessity continues, only giving him redress against the government for damages. Examine the history of England. See how few of the cases of the suspension of the habeas corpus law have been worthy of that suspension. They have been either real treasons, wherein the parties might as well have been charged at once, or sham plots, where it was shameful they should ever have been suspected. Yet for the few cases wherein the suspension of the habeas corpus has done real good, that operation is now become habitual and the minds of the nation almost prepared to live under its constant suspension.” –Thomas Jefferson to James Madison, 1788. ME 7:97 ‘
Al-Qaeda number 2 Ayman al-Zawahiri mocked the US that real liberty “. . . is not the freedom of Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib.” The Republican way of dealing with terrorists gave enormous propaganda tools to al-Qaeda.
Obama just took those propaganda tools away from the enemy and began the process of repairing America's reputation and its fidelity to its own ideals.
End/ (Not Continued)
Capture d'écran du sujet diffusé sur « Zone Interdite » le 12 avril 2015 - M6
Dimanche, le magazine « Zone Interdite » (M6) a consacré une émission aux cités HLM. Un mini-tour de France intitulé « Quartiers sensibles : le vrai visage des nouveaux ghettos », qui parle, pêle-mêle, de communautarisme musulman, de deal et d'ados à la dérive (à revoir en replay sur le site de M6).
De nombreux internautes ont réagi sur les réseaux sociaux, prenant la chaîne à partie, coupable, selon eux, d'alimenter la parano collective, voire le racisme.
Quelques heures après la diffusion du sujet – qui juxtapose le travail de deux boîtes de production –, les Jeunes communistes de Bobigny-Drancy (Seine-Saint-Denis) ont annoncé, via un communiqué, leur intention de porter plainte contre M6 pour diffamation. En cause, notamment, les passages tournés à Bobigny, qu'ils assimilent à de « la propagande racoleuse, mensongère et réactionnaire ». Deniz Kiraz, l'un des militants à l'origine de l'initiative, explique :
« A un moment, le journaliste pose une question totalement scandaleuse à une maman (30 ans, cinq enfants, de quatre pères différents, au chômage) : “Tu n'as jamais pensé à prendre la pilule ?” Peut-on appeler ça du journalisme ? »
Mercredi soir, nous avons reçu l'appel de Matthias Quiviger, qui a joué les fixeurs à Evreux (Eure) pour les besoins de l'émission. Il assure qu'il déposera plainte aussi. Et raconte :
« Une boîte de production [Giraf Prod, ndlr] qui voulait soi-disant réaliser un reportage positif sur la banlieue, loin des clichés sur les islamistes et les dealers, m'a approché. Je l'ai aidée mais à la fin du tournage, elle a trouvé qu'il fallait pimenter, parce que ça ne fonctionnait pas. Ça manquait de “religion” et de “deal”. Elle a alors décidé de tourner d'autres séquences... »
« Elle voulait des barbus, des djellabas... »
Le long format de « Zone Interdite » n'est pas le plus stigmatisant qui soit dans l'histoire médiatique de la banlieue, ni même le plus sombre. Néanmoins, il est bordélique. Trop de problématiques différentes et sensibles (identité, trafic, monoparentalité) s'y entrechoquent, sans subtilité, ni réelle mise en perspective.
La chaîne assume. L'angle était le ghetto, l'objectif, de rapporter une réalité, et le politiquement correct à bannir :
« C'était brut de décoffrage, avec une volonté d'éviter les partis pris. C'est ce que l'on a fait. »
Et justifie, en arguant qu'il y a toujours une minorité de déçus après un tournage, de surcroît sur une thématique aussi complexe :
« Nous n'avons pas trahi la parole des personnes qui ont participé à ce reportage et nous n'avons rien inventé. D'ailleurs, elles nous ont remerciés pour ça. »
Trois semaines avant la diffusion de l'émission, Matthias Quiviger affirme avoir présenté des témoins à G., une cadre de Giraf Prod qui a bossé sur Evreux et son quartier sensible de La Madeleine. Sur le tournage, elle aurait pété un câble :
« J'essayais de lui ramener des personnes qui ont réussi ou qui galèrent, mais qui s'en sortent quand même. Ça ne lui allait pas. En réalité, elle voulait des barbus, des djellabas, des musulmans qui font la prière, des dealers... Ça s'est très mal passé avec elle. Elle avait menti sur ses intentions. Je me souviens qu'elle est rentrée dans un immeuble et qu'elle a demandé aux habitants de tous se mettre par la fenêtre pour que ça fasse “cage à poules” et “ghetto”. »
Il poursuit :
« Après les témoignages qu'elle a recueillis quand j'étais avec elle, elle n'était pas satisfaite. Elle y est retournée, seule. Elle a donné environ 250 euros à des jeunes pour qu'ils la laissent filmer des points de deals et qu'ils répondent à ses questions très orientées. »
Faire un joli plan comme dans la pub Egoïste
Giraf Prod dément et pointe du doigt « un fixeur aigri », qui n'a pas assuré sur le terrain. Qui a touché « beaucoup d'argent » – 2 500 euros – pour « un boulot qu'il n'a pas fait » :
« Il devait nous présenter trois familles [qui correspondent à l'angle du reportage Ndlr], mais n'a jamais réussi à le faire. L'accord de départ, c'était de réaliser un reportage objectif sur les ghettos de la République. Lui voulait orienter ça vers quelque chose d'angélique. Mais il n'est pas réalisateur [...]. Les deux réalisateurs du reportage, eux, connaissent très bien la problématique. Ils sont d'ailleurs tous les deux issus des cités. »
G. était là pour prêter main forte à l'équipe. Elle réfute les accusations à son encontre, ainsi que le vocabulaire que Matthias Quiviger lui prête. Donne d'autres versions des faits :
« Je n'ai jamais parlé de “cage à poules” [...]. Je suis réalisatrice, j'aime les belles images. Effectivement, je me suis présentée aux personnes de cet immeuble après avoir sympathisé avec des jeunes filles. Je voulais faire un joli plan, comme dans “Egoïste” [la pub de Chanel, ndlr]. Vous savez pourquoi je n'ai pas gardé cette séquence ? Parce que justement, ça faisait trop “ghetto”. »
Elle ne se voyait pas se voiler la face en éludant l'économie souterraine qui, selon elle, fait partie intégrante de la vie du quartier. « Et encore, on n'a pas tout montré. » La journaliste, qui met en avant son expérience des terrains difficiles, ne comprend pas l'histoire de la prime versée aux dealers :
« Je ne les ai jamais payés pour qu'ils me parlent. Jamais. Je leur ai simplement donné un peu d'argent pour qu'ils achètent des gâteaux et des bonbons aux enfants du quartier qui étaient autour de nous. D'ailleurs, j'ai même gardé contact avec l'un de ces jeunes qui tiennent le mur [...] Je lui ai proposé un travail d'enquêteur pour un sujet. Malheureusement, il n'est jamais venu. »
« Si elle avait été blanche, j'aurais fait pareil »
Dimanche, « Zone Interdite » a décidé de juxtaposer deux travaux, sans préciser qu'ils traitaient de problématiques distinctes. L'un sur le communautarisme musulman et le trafic de drogues (celui de Giraf Prod), l'autre sur les mères seules qui galèrent à élever leurs enfants dans les cités difficiles (Yemaya Productions).
Pour faire le lien entre les deux, il y a eu cette longue introduction de Wendy Bouchard, la présentatrice. Extrait (étrange et simpliste) :
« Si certains habitants jouent la carte de l'intégration, d'autres s'enferment au contraire dans leur communauté ethnique ou religieuse. Dans ces ghettos, une constante apparaît : l'absence des pères. Sans modèle, sans autorité, certains jeunes dérivent, et parfois jusqu'au pire. »
Les séquences coupées auraient pu permettre de contextualiser certaines situations, les voix off éviter quelques gros poncifs.
Olivier Ponthus, rédacteur en chef de Yemaya (une boîte de production), a réalisé le second sujet. Il est allé à la rencontre de mères en France, dont deux à Bobigny.
Elle est noire sort de prison a cinq enfants de 4pères différents et le journaliste « t'as jamais pensé à prendre la pillule ? »#ZoneInterdite — Mouloud Achour (@mouloudachour) 12 Avril 2015
Il regrette la proportion qu'a pris le passage sur la pilule. Mais l'assume complètement :
« Au départ, j'avais cette question dans la tête, sans oser la poser. Pas parce que je trouvais ça raciste, mais trop personnel. J'en ai parlé avec des personnes qui étaient dans les coulisses du projet. Elles trouvaient la question intéressante. J'ai expliqué la démarche à Cécilia [le témoin, ndlr], avec qui j'ai noué des liens – d'où le “tu” –, qui s'est marrée. Ça ne la dérangeait pas du tout de répondre. Je suis peiné de voir que certains me taxent de racisme. Bien sûr que si elle avait été blanche, j'aurais fait pareil. »
Les contraintes de temps...
En janvier, après les attentats de Charlie Hebdo, Manuel Valls a parlé d'apartheid et de ghetto. C'est pile-poil ce que mettait en lumière le sociologue Jérôme Berthaut, que nous avions interrogé il y a quelques semaines : si certains reportages « banlieue » ont leurs limites, c'est parce que les commandes obéissent trop souvent à l'agenda médiatique.
Des témoins de son documentaire ont écrit à Olivier Ponthus pour le remercier. Par e-mail, il m'a envoyé des captures d'écran pour le prouver. Il estime que les commentaires négatifs sont une minorité par rapport aux retours positifs et que beaucoup de téléspectateurs « qui n'ont rien à voir avec l'extrême droite » ont aimé son boulot :
« J'ai vécu au Maroc, en Tunisie. J'ai enseigné l'histoire-géographie à Clichy-sous-Bois. Il n'y a qu'à voir les posts que je relaye sur Facebook : je suis antiraciste. Je comprends néanmoins que des personnes que j'ai interviewées puissent être agacées de passer dans une émission sur les ghettos et le communautarisme. Ce n'était pas ma thématique. »
Il a deux regrets :
« A cause de contraintes de temps, on n'a pas gardé ce moment où Cécilia raconte qu'elle a moins de problèmes avec son enfant, qu'elle suit une formation et qu'elle rêve de devenir avocate à l'avenir. Ni celui où une maman se fâche, trois secondes après avoir rigolé quand son fils lui disait qu'il commettait des vols à l'arrachée. »
Malheureusement, on ne la voit que se marrer. Comme une complice.
Le précédent Grenoble
La plainte des Jeunes communistes devrait être déposée lundi. Deniz Kiraz assure ne pas vouloir attaquer « le travail des journalistes » :
« Ils ont le droit de montrer les mauvais côtés. Maintenant, il faut que ça soit plus équilibré. Des reportages comme ça ruinent des années de boulot. Il y en a marre que l'on prenne une minorité pour en faire une généralité. Parmi les choses que je retiens, c'est que si on ne vit qu'avec sa mère dans un quartier, c'est mort. Or, c'est complètement faux. »
Il nie le coup de com' politique et le déni de réalité. Insiste sur les conséquences de ces émissions sur l'image des banlieusards et « la haine » qu'elles suscitent. Le jeune homme cite l'exemple des habitants de la cité de La Villeneuve, à Grenoble, qui avaient attaqué France Télévisions en diffamation en mai 2014 après un reportage d'« Envoyé Spécial ».
Si la justice avait estimé que la plainte n'était pas recevable, le CSA avait recadré l'émission. Celui-ci avait estimé que « seuls les aspects négatifs [avaient] été mis en avant, stigmatisant l'ensemble du quartier » et que « les rares éléments positifs abordés à l'antenne ont été systématiquement dévalorisés par la mise en avant de la violence et du climat hostile qui règneraient dans le quartier ».
« Limite de l'incitation à la haine raciale »
L'avocat en charge de préparer la plainte des Jeunes communistes en diffamation, Jean-Toussaint Giacomo, étaye :
« Cela répond à la question “Comment fait-on après la diffusion d'un tel reportage ?”. C'est de la diffamation à l'endroit de la réputation d'un groupe, à savoir les habitants de Bobigny. Juridiquement, c'est effectivement une action difficile mais il y a une nécessité d'interpeller les autorités. »
Il envisage une seconde plainte pour discrimination :
« Discrimination des territoires, de la jeunesse des quartiers populaires, qui ne serait représentée qu'à travers des parcours chaotiques. On fait passer l'idée que c'est une impasse et que la seule solution est la délinquance et le communautarisme. S'il ne faut pas éluder la réalité, encore faut-il montrer ses complexités. »
Voire plus :
« C'est limite de l'incitation à la haine raciale. On fait croire qu'il n'y a que des Africains et des musulmans dans les quartiers. »
Il dénonce la course à l'audimat. Sur ce plan-là, M6 s'est foiré : ses « ghettos » ont réuni environ 9% de part de marché.
Post by sara albers
post by Sara
When Melissa and I went to ALT Summit a few weeks ago, I wanted to get a few simple notebooks for us to use. I found some grey moleskin journals that were perfect – just needed a bit of personality. Nothing a little washi tape couldn't help!
Read more for the full tutorial…
This is such a simple DIY project. Washi tape is a Japanese decorative masking tape. I purchased mine in Japan town in San Francisco.
Supplies: Moleskine Journal // washi tape // scissors
Directions
Step 1: Be creative! Determine what pattern you would like to make.
Step 2: Start taping! Washi tape is forgiving…just like masking tape. Start from the top and smooth out with the pad of your finger so you don't have any bubbles.
Step 3: Trim your ends of washi and tape up the back side of cover.
–Sara
His first exposure to playoff baseball went even better.
Balego homered, doubled and drove in two runs on Sunday night to lead the Cubs to a 9-6 win over the Brewers in the Arizona League playoff opener at Maryvale Baseball Park.
Box score
The 22-year-old kicked off the scoring with a two-run shot to left field in the second inning. It was his second homer as a pro after he went deep once in 98 at-bats during the regular season. He doubled to left leading off the fourth and scored on Carlos Sepulveda's sacrifice fly.
"It was really special to give our team the lead and get the momentum going in our direction early," said the 30th-round pick in this year's Draft. "The first few guys up before me had some really good at-bats. Our hitters were grinding and making it tough on [Brewers starter Phil Bickford]. [Hitting coach Osmin Melendez] told us before the game that their pitcher was going to attack us. When I was in the on-deck circle, he told me to be ready early, stay relaxed and hunt for my pitch.
"I got ahead in the count and was up there looking to put some positive contact on the baseball."
MiLB include
A corner infielder, Balego batted .286/.385/.449 with 14 extra-base hits and nine RBIs in 36 games during his professional debut in Arizona.
"This first year has been great," the Mercyhurst University product said. "I had a bunch of emotions running through my head on Draft day and when I got the call from [Cubs area scout Daniel Carte]. I didn't know what to expect, but I knew I was in good hands with this organization. The positive atmosphere coming from everyone from [president of baseball operations Theo Epstein] on down makes you feel like you've been here forever.
"I couldn't imagine being anywhere else than with the Cubs. The players I've met and played with already are like family to me. It's awesome."
Nelson Velazquez also homered and drove in two runs for the Cubs, who got two hits and two RBIs from Marcus Mastrobuoni.
Complete playoff coverage
The Brewers' Brent Diaz doubled twice and drove in two runs.
The Cubs will meet the Dodgers in the semifinals on Monday night at Camelback Ranch.
In other playoff action:
AZL Rangers 4, AZL Mariners 3
Francisco Ventura slugged a go-ahead solo homer in the eighth inning as the Rangers rallied past the Mariners. Sam Huff's RBI single with two outs in the eighth tied the game for the Rangers, who scored three times to erase a 3-0 deficit. Relievers Seth Nordlin and Greidy Martinez combined to allow one hit while striking out 10 over six scoreless innings. Mariners prospect Tommy Romero surrendered one hit and struck out nine in six innings of scoreless relief. The Rangers face the Giants in the semifinals on Monday night in Scottsdale.
Spread the love
Columbus, OH — A haunting video was uploaded to Facebook this week showing a Columbus cop allegedly dump a woman out of her wheelchair, then turn around and walk away.
The incident reportedly happened at the Huntington Bank building at Senator Rob Portman's office during a health care protest.
According to FOX 28,
National ADAPT, an activist group on behalf of the disabled, was inside the lobby of the Senator's office with the hopes of arranging a forum to discuss the potential issues that will arise for those on Medicaid, specifically the cuts to it and caps on coverage, under the proposed health care plan. The goal was for the senator to give them a firm “no” that he wouldn't support the health care repeal. Some of Portman's staff members said they took notes of the complaints, but it ultimately wasn't enough for those who wanted to speak directly to the Senator. Portman has said he doesn't plan on supporting the legislation, citing concerns about what it would do to Medicaid. Many fear that he could change his vote to a yes. The protests began on Thursday and continued over to Friday morning after several of them staged a sit-in at Senator Portman's office at Huntington Plaza in downtown Columbus office. Some of them even slept in the Portman's waiting room overnight.
Approximately 15 people were arrested during the protests while many others were physically removed.
Several videos were posted to Facebook of police forcefully removing protesters from the office — many of whom were in wheelchairs. However, the video of the officer dumping the woman on the ground is by far the most disturbing.
Below is one video showing multiple people — including those with disabilities — being brutalized by officers with the Columbus Police Dispatch.
As the brief video below begins, the officer appears to dump the woman from the chair. Once the officer realized they'd just been caught in the act, the officer appears to turn around and walk away.
Although the video is brief, none of the multiple cops standing around the woman immediately try to help her.
Luckily, we were told, the woman survived the fall and is okay.
It is also important to point out that it may not have been intentional, but the response of turning around and walking away certainly was. One Facebook user pointed out that she is in a wheelchair and people almost tip her over all the time.
I use a wheelchair at times and people who don't have experience have almost thrown me out at times. The officer in front blocks us from seeing exactly what happened. But accident or on purpose that officer and all the others should have rushed in to help once she was knocked to the floor. We are dangerously close to being a police state.
Regardless of your views on the health care debate, which TFTP has shown is a dog and pony show at best, no one should be treated like this, especially those with disabilities.
Sadly, this type of treatment of those with disabilities is not uncommon. Just last month, TFTP reported a similar protest in Washington D.C. at which multiple disabled people were assaulted and forcefully removed from the Capital building while peacefully protesting.
That protest took place outside the office of Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who proposed the health care bill to which the group is opposed. According to Capitol police, they arrested 43 people for their roles in the protests.
Huge protest inside and outside of Senate Majority Leader Mitch Mcconnell's office happening right now. pic.twitter.com/Iu9wet6cXx — Mariam Khan (@MKhan47) June 22, 2017
The D.C. protest was also organized by ADAPT, a disability rights organization, whose protest targeted the bill's cuts to Medicaid for low-income Americans.
Tense situation outside McConnell's Russell office as protesters gather. Capitol Police blocking off hallway pic.twitter.com/48H3KUipfK — Andrew Desiderio (@desiderioDC) June 22, 2017
The freedom of speech is not reserved for some quiet protest in a cordoned off safe zone far away from politicians. It was, in fact, designed so that people could fill the halls of government buildings, just like this, and voice their grievances directly toward those who ostensibly represent them. Sadly, however, that notion is now dead in this country.
Every village needs a church—or perhaps a non-denominational interfaith tent—to fill the spiritual needs of its inhabitants, and according to a recently formed group of Bay Area clergy, the Occupy Oakland encampment at Frank Ogawa Plaza is no different.
Down by the former site of Occupy Oakland's kitchen, near the corner of 14th and Broadway, religious organizers recently installed a new canopy outside city hall. It has since moved to a larger space, but the intent has not changed. They're calling it an interfaith tent, and for now, its purpose is still the subject of a lively and ongoing discussion. For the most part, everyone has agreed that that the tent will be a site for religious people to gather—or at least organize other places to gather. Religious services will also be held there. The rest of its functions said Jeremy Nickel, a thirty-something pony-tailed Unitarian Universalist minister from Hayward, will be up to the protesters to decide.
“What we're about is not telling the movement what it should be, but trying to discern what the movement wants us to be,” he said.
Around the world, Occupy groups are re-imagining public space, civic participation, and protest. Now, clergy sympathetic to the protesters are also charting new forms of religious engagement. In Boston, local Christian, Jewish, Sikh, and Buddhist leaders have performed rituals and held services at Dewey Square. In the UK, the founding Occupy London camp has been located in front of St. Paul's Cathedral since mid-October. (“I could imagine Jesus being born in the camp,” the Cathedral's outgoing canon chancellor told the Guardian in the protesters' defense.) In New York, clergy members carried a golden calf through Zucotti Park while reciting lines from the Beatitudes. “Righteous are the poor! Righteous are the meek!” they chanted in a call-and-response with protesters.
Read Alex Park's full story at Oakland North.
Connect with Oakland North on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter.
Over the last few weeks there have been quite a few passionate discussions happening on ColdFusion, including the blog post from Cutter recently.
I thank the ColdFusion community for all the feedback and I want to assure you that Adobe is very much a part of the story on the revival of ColdFusion. There is no denying that the road ahead is challenging, but all of us here at Adobe strongly believe that there is enough potential in ColdFusion and want to see the platform as successful as ever. Rather than viewing Adobe and community as two separate entities, we are keen to work with the community with a common goal of reviving ColdFusion. And in that context the feedback that we have been receiving is extremely valuable.
While not every single feedback can be acted upon, I want to make the point that ‘WE HEAR YOU' and we are taking actions and will continue to take them for the best of ColdFusion. I want to use this opportunity to discuss with you the initiatives, updates about the product and its ecosystem as well as product news from Adobe.
New Customers
We do hear news about an organization moving away from ColdFusion. How about we start by talking about how many new organizations are adopting ColdFusion? Nearly 2000 new organizations have chosen ColdFusion as their web application platform over the last one year. And this not a random number being thrown at you. There is data in our system to back this claim.
User Group Engagement
Since the beginning of this year, we have been engaging with ColdFusion User Groups across the world providing them support to keep the User Groups active. While we only had 22 active User Groups at the beginning of this year, the engagement levels have gone up. We now have 74 active ColdFusion User Groups that meet at least once a quarter across North America, Europe and the rest of the world.
CFSummit
CFSummit, as most of you know, is the first ever dedicated ColdFusion conference from Adobe. Thanks to great efforts from teams within Adobe and the ColdFusion community, CFSummit will be the largest ColdFusion conference with 500 + expected attendees. We have more than 20 speakers and 28 engaging sessions spread across two action packed days in Vegas. ColdFusion is going to rock Vegas, baby! Be there! Don't forget to say hi to the Product Marketing Manager of ColdFusion, Kishore Balakrishnan, who is instrumental in running this large ColdFusion conference.
ColdFusion Community Portal
The ColdFusion Community Portal was launched by Adobe this year : http://coldfusion.adobe.com
The community portal is one centralized access point for information on the latest in ColdFusion. It also provides our partners and consultants to showcase their capabilities and latest innovations with the platform. It is also a User Group hub where ColdFusion developers can find information related to various User Groups and their events.
ColdFusion case studies
Organizations, across the board – from small, medium to large, continue to derive value from ColdFusion. This is evident in the case studies listed below where organizations have reported flat learning curve, product launches now taking under two hours which used to take a day, ColdFusion allowing 40% more projects on a single server, fewer lines of code (100k vs 4.5 million) and more. Here are the links for the recent case studies that talk about each of these in detail,
Prospective Medical Data International Inc.
ten24 Digital Solutions
SimulTV
Invision
Education Initiative
We at Adobe already have designed a brand-new curriculum titled 'Introduction to Web Development', focusing on the latest in Client-side Development, Mobile Application Development and Server Side development through ColdFusion. The idea of the course is to provide a holistic view to web application development rather than focusing on individual aspects of web development. I can even challenge that there is no other web application development curriculum available for education that provides such a complete learning of all concepts related to modern web application development. All of this is made available free of cost along with the licenses required.
We are actively looking to partner with colleges. We have three colleges/universities that are using the curriculum in the fall semester. We will have many more in the upcoming spring semester. We are really looking forward for involvement from the community to promote the curriculum in your local colleges. The support from the community so far has not been encouraging although there is a few who have made all efforts to spread the word to get adoption at colleges. We clearly need more support! We are open to not just colleges/universities, but also to anyone who is willing to teach web application development even at a local community center. There is enough instructor guidance available through videos for the entire forty hours of curriculum.
We are even willing to work with a community leader who can take the curriculum to an online platform for a much wider reach. Do reach to us if you have any ideas here!
Product Improvements
Although we make improvements with every release, we understand that there is more to be done in the product to overhaul the platform. ColdFusion has lost aspects of productivity benefits in web application development to some of the other emerging platforms over the years.
There are quite a few language improvements such as full script support and member functions that are already a part of the upcoming version – Splendor. The goal of Dazzle, the version after Splendor, is to transform ColdFusion into a high performing nimble platform that is truly modular, powered with revamped language constructs and an enterprise class package manager to encourage an ecosystem around the platform. I believe these, along with the mobile application development focus in Splendor and the continuous innovation in future releases, have the potential to bring ColdFusion back on par as a modern web application development platform.
We will also actively deprecate/remove features that no longer are relevant although keeping in mind not to affect existing ColdFusion applications. You will notice action here starting right from ColdFusion Splendor.
Support Improvements
Earlier this year, the ColdFusion support launched a new alias through which the community can directly reach support for free and instant support regarding all installation issues via the cf.install@adobe.com email alias. The support team effectively handle around ten email queries on a daily basis in cf.install@adobe.com related to updates, installation and applying hotfixes.
Here are a few Customer testimonials for support team:
"I contacted cf.install@adobe.com and they helped me very quickly."
"I wanted to thank you for the dedication and patience which you have shown our team here. You are a tremendous asset to your company and we truly appreciate your efforts on this case."
"The person who I was interacting with in the support team is magnificent and very very knowledgeable. He resolved the easy ones quickly and patiently stuck with me on the tough ones and got me through"
Support team is also active on Adobe ColdFusion forums providing close to real time resolution. This engagement on the forums is beneficial for ColdFusion developers who face issues and the forum interaction can lead to the solution being used my many more. Two of the support engineers are also one of the recent top contributors on the forum.
Even IDC in its whitepaper on ColdFusion believes that “ColdFusion's role as an integration hub of multiple paradigms of technologies and multiple developer ecosystems will continue as all the features that have been built into it are further integrated with new technology currently in planning.”
While all of us realize that all is not rosy, we need to work together to elevate ColdFusion from its current state. There is enough to be done by both Adobe and the community at large. Now that we have a fair feedback and idea on what is required, it is time to take the next steps. Here's to many more years of ColdFusion! We are open to feedback. Reach out to us with any of the ideas that you may have on how we can work together for a better ColdFusion.
Robert W.H. Price, founder of Elite Minds, is a Sport Psychologist and Therapist with 15 years experience who specializes in counseling and sport psychology consulting. Robert has been hired to consult with families, armed servicemen, corporations, professional athletes and several NFL/NBA teams. Robert's goal with each and every one of his clients is to allow them to reach their potential both on and off the field. Robert believes that turning potential into reality is a lifelong pursuit and this is what he is passionate about.
Robert has received Master's degrees from both University of Maryland in Kinesiology with a focus in Sport Psychology, and Johns Hopkins University with a degree in Clinical Community Counseling. He was a student-athlete at University of Pittsburgh and Hampton University, where he graduated with a degree in Psychology and Learning Behavior Disorders.
Often times people struggle with things that are outside of their ultimate control, but more often than not, we fail to realize this. This is a product of the human condition and what we have conditioned ourselves to do as a protective measure from disappointment or failure or rejection. Have you ever just felt that your life was running away from you despite your best efforts to hold on? This is the thing that I work on with my clients the most.
My goal is to get them to recognize that the one thing that they do have total control over is their thoughts
This is a revelation within itself. Once this is understood, there are many things that we become aware of and our reactions to events change once we learn to create space between the stimulus and the response. The how-to…is where the struggle begins and where all the real progress happens. I am still there, even as a therapist, and so are you. Let's begin with the beginner's mind.
No matter your age, it is important to look at situations with fresh eyes and a childlike curiosity
The only way to make this happen is to sit with the situation for a moment – without the desire to solve the situation but with the intention on understanding alone. In the practice of vipassana we try to stay in the present moment. Everyone knows what the present means: now. But what, precisely, is a moment? And when does the present moment become the past? How long is the moment? Researchers and psychologists have determined that it is only 3 seconds!
In vipassana the word moment has two senses: the first is what we might call the practice-moment. Practice refers to meditation practice. The second is the moment of consciousness itself. Let's talk about the practice-moment first. In vipassana, a moment contains only one object of perception – one movement, sight, sound and so forth. It cannot contain both a sight and a sound; that would be two moments. The length of the practice moment is determined by the object. A single practice-moment is about one to three seconds long. It means the length of time that a single object lasts as perceived by you, the observer. Or we could say it's the length of time that you focus on an object before letting it go and moving on to the next one. It can vary somewhat, being longer or shorter depending on the form we're observing.
As soon as we complete the step, that moment is over. It is now the past. If we are still thinking about it, that means we have let the mind stray away from the present. What, now, is the present? It begins when the next object that arises that catches our attention.
Now that we know this, let's put this into action! Are you capable of relaxing and seeking to become more aware of 5-7 moments throughout your day? Start small, and then you will be able to apply this to more and more facets of your life. The benefits will vary from individual to individual, but one thing is for sure, you will begin to notice your awareness increase when these situations arise.
by Real Python devops flask web-dev
This tutorial details how to setup a Flask application on a server running Ubuntu.
Since this process can be difficult, as there are a number of moving pieces, we'll look at this in multiple parts, starting with the most basic configuration and working our way up:
Part 1: Setting up the basic configuration Part 2: Adding Supervisor Part 3: Simplifying deployment with Git Hooks Part 4: Automating with Fabric (with an example video!)
Updates:
10/28/2014: Added info on how to add a new user on Ubuntu
04/16/2015: Updated nginx configuration
We'll specifically be using:
Ubuntu 14.04 nginx 1.4.6 gunicorn 19.1.1 Python 2.7.8 Pip 1.5.4 virtualenv 1.11.4 Flask 0.10.1 Supervisor 3.0b2
Assuming you already have a VPS running an Ubuntu operating system, we need to set up a web server on top of the operating system to serve static files - like stylesheets, JavaScript files, and images - to end users. We'll use nginx as our web server. Since a web server cannot communicate directly with Flask (err Python), we'll use gunicorn to act as a medium between the server and Python/Flask.
Wait, why do we need two servers? Think if Gunicorn as the application web server that will be running behind nginx - the front facing web server. Gunicorn is WSGI compatible. It can talk to other applications that support WSGI, like Flask or Django.
Need access to a web server? Check out Digital Ocean, Linode, or Amazon EC2. Alternatively, you can use Vagrant to emulate a Linux environment. This setup was tested on both Digital Ocean and Linode.
The end goal: HTTP requests are routed from the web server to Flask, which Flask handles appropriately, and the responses are then sent right back to the web server and, finally, back to the end user. Properly implementing a Web Server Gateway Interface (WSGI) will be paramount to our success.
Let's get to it.
Part 1 - Setup
Let's get the basic configuration setup.
Add a new User
After SSH'ing into the server as the ‘root' user, run:
$ adduser newuser $ adduser newuser sudo
To create a new user with ‘sudo' privileges.
Install the Requirements
SSH into the server with the new user, and then install the following packages:
$ sudo apt-get update $ sudo apt-get install -y python python-pip python-virtualenv nginx gunicorn
Set up Flask
Start by creating a new directory, “/home/www”, to store the project:
$ sudo mkdir /home/www && cd /home/www
Then create and activate a virtualenv:
$ sudo virtualenv env $ source env/bin/activate
Install the requirements:
$ sudo pip install Flask == 0 .10.1
Now set up your project:
$ sudo mkdir flask_project && cd flask_project $ sudo vim app.py
Add the following code to app.py:
from flask import Flask , jsonify app = Flask ( __name__ ) @app . route ( '/' ) def index (): return 'Flask is running!' @app . route ( '/data' ) def names (): data = { "names" : [ "John" , "Jacob" , "Julie" , "Jennifer" ]} return jsonify ( data ) if __name__ == '__main__' : app . run ()
Within VIM, press I to enter the INSERT mode. Add the code, then press Esc to leave INSERT mode to go into COMMAND mode. Finally type “:wq” to save and exit VIM.
Set up a static directory-
$ sudo mkdir static
-and then add an index.html ( sudo vim static/index.html ) file with the following html:
< h1 > Test! </ h1 >
Configure nginx
Start nginx:
$ sudo /etc/init.d/nginx start
Then:
$ sudo rm /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/default $ sudo touch /etc/nginx/sites-available/flask_project $ sudo ln -s /etc/nginx/sites-available/flask_project /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/flask_project
Here, we remove the default nginx configuration, create a new config file (called flask_project), and, finally, set up a symlink to the config file we just created so that nginx loads it on startup.
Now, let's add the config settings to flask_project:
$ sudo vim /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/flask_project
Add:
server { location / { proxy_pass http://localhost:8000; proxy_set_header Host $host; proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr; } location /static { alias /home/www/flask_project/static/; } }
So, HTTP requests that hit the / endpoint will be ‘reverse proxied‘ to port 8000 on 127.0.0.1 (or the “loopback ip” or “localhost”). This is same IP and port that gunicorn will use.
We also indicate that we want nginx to directly serve the static files from the “/home/www/flask_project/static/” directory rather than routing the requests through gunicorn/WSGI. This will speed up our site's load time since nginx knows to serve that directory directly.
Restart nginx:
$ sudo /etc/init.d/nginx restart
Profit!
$ cd /home/www/flask_project/ $ gunicorn app:app -b localhost:8000
The latter command manually runs gunicorn on localhost port 8000.
Open your browser and navigate to http://your_domain_name_or_ip_address.
Again, you should see the “Flask is running!” message. Test out the other URL, /data , as well. If you navigate to http://your_domain_name_or_ip_address/static, you should see “Test!”, indicating that we're serving static files correctly.
Part 2 - Supervisor
So, we have a working Flask app; however, there's one problem: We have to manually (re)start gunicorn each time we make changes to our app. We can automate this with Supervisor.
Configure Supervisor
SSH into your server, and then install Supervisor:
$ sudo apt-get install -y supervisor
Now create a configuration file:
$ sudo vim /etc/supervisor/conf.d/flask_project.conf
Add:
[program:flask_project] command = gunicorn app:app -b localhost:8000 directory = /home/www/flask_project user = newuser
Profit!
Stop gunicorn:
$ sudo pkill gunicorn
Start gunicorn with supervisor:
$ sudo supervisorctl reread $ sudo supervisorctl update $ sudo supervisorctl start flask_project
Make sure your app is still running at http://your_domain_name_or_ip_address. Check out the Supervisor documentation for custom configuration info.
Part 3 - Deployment
In this final part, we'll look at using a post-receive Git Hook along with Git, of course, to simplify the deployment process.
Configure Git
Again, SSH into the remote server. And then install Git:
$ sudo apt-get install -y git
Now run the following commands to set up a bare Git repo that we can push to:
$ sudo mkdir /home/git && cd /home/git $ sudo mkdir flask_project.git && cd flask_project.git $ sudo git init --bare
Quick tip: displaying the git branch on your prompt will help remind you of where you are at while trekking through the terminal. Consider adding this to your bash profile on production: parse_git_branch () { git branch 2 > /dev/null | sed -e '/^[^*]/d' -e 's/* \(.*\)/ (\1)/' } export PS1 = "\u@\h \W\[\033[32m\]\$(parse_git_branch)\[\033[00m\] $ "
Configure the Post-Receive Hook
$ sudo vim hooks/post-receive
Add:
#!/bin/sh GIT_WORK_TREE = /home/www/flask_project git checkout -f
Now on every push, the new files will copy over to the app directory, “/home/www/flask_project”.
Then make the file executable:
$ sudo chmod +x hooks/post-receive
Profit!
Back in your local Flask directory (“flask_project”) add a new Git repo along with the following remote:
$ git init $ git remote add production root@<your_ip_or_domain>:/home/git/flask_project.git
Make sure to update the IP or domain name.
Make some changes to your code in the app.py file:
@app . route ( '/data' ) def names (): data = { "first_names" : [ "John" , "Jacob" , "Julie" , "Jennifer" ], "last_names" : [ "Connor" , "Johnson" , "Cloud" , "Ray" ] } return jsonify ( data )
Commit your local changes, then push:
$ git add -A $ git commit -am "initial" $ git push production master
SSH into your server and restart gunicorn via Supervisor:
$ sudo supervisorctl restart flask_project
Check out your changes at http://your_domain_name_or_ip_address/data.
Part 4 - Automating
Do you really want to manually configure a server? Sure, it's great for learning, but it's super tedious, as you can tell. Fortunately, we've automated the process with Fabric. Along with setting up nginx, gunicorn, Supervisor, and Git, the script creates a basic Flask app, which is specific to the project that we've been working with. You can easily customize this to meet your own specific needs.
You should remove the username and password from the file and either place them in a separate config file that stays out of version control or set up SSH keys on the remote server so that you do not need a password to login. Also, be sure to update the env.hosts variable to your IP or domain name.
Setup
To test this script (fabfile.py) clone the repo and start with a clean, freshly provisioned server with Ubuntu 14.04. Then navigate to the “flask-deploy” directory. To set up the basic configuration on the remote server as well as your app, run the following command:
$ fab create
Your app should now be live. Test this out in your browser.
Deployment
Want to set up deployment with Git Hooks? Initialize a local repo within your Flask project directory (if necessary). Then make some local changes to your Flask app, and run the following command to deploy:
$ fab deploy
Check your app again in the browser. Make sure your changes show up.
Status Check
Finally, you can check that the Supervisor process is running correctly, to ensure that your app is live, with the following command:
$ fab status
Again, this script is specific to your project at hand. You can customize this to your own needs by updating the config section and altering the tasks as necessary.
Rollback
To err is human…
Things are bound to go wrong from time to time once you have code on production. Everything may work well on your local development environment only to crash in production. So it's important to have a strategy in place to quickly revert a Git commit. Take a quick look at the rollback task from the fabfile.py, which allows you to revert changes quickly to get a working app back up.
Test it out by purposely breaking your code and then deploying to production, and then run:
$ fab rollback
You can then update your code locally to fix the bugs, and then re-deploy.
Example Video
Just press play:
Conclusion and Next Steps
Want to take this workflow to the next level?
Add a pre-production (staging) server into the mix for testing purposes. Deploy to this server first, which should be an exact copy of your production environment, to test before deploying to production. Utilize Continuous Integration and Delivery to further eliminate bugs and regressions with automated testing and decrease the time it takes to deploy your app.
Please leave questions and comments below. Be sure to grab the code from the repo.
On January 1, the LA River officially started playing in the big leagues as a new state bill took it from "flood control channel" to "navigable waterway." But as the Wall Street Journal helpfully points out, "the 51-mile river's mostly concrete route is lined with industrial yards, freeways and train tracks." But now the Army Corps of Engineers (the crazy bastards who paved the river in the 1930s) and the city are working on an 11-mile joint study of the river that "will offer a handful of options for restoring native habitat, likely creating wetlands along the river and potentially removing or reshaping some of the river's concrete walls." It sounds like the efforts will focus on the area around the Glendale Narrows, the soft-bottom portion of the river that runs through Atwater and by Griffith Park. (The study is called Alternative with Restoration Benefits and Opportunities for Revitalization, or Arbor.) The Corps is set to present ideas to the public in June. One option calls for "reshaping river walls into a more accessible step design," which sounds pretty exciting. Once they select a plan, Congress will be able to authorize design funds "as early as the end of the year."
The river is on the move in general, with new riverside parks underway or newly opened, new bike paths along its banks, and some plans for development in the works. River boosters are hoping that the Corps's work will lead to even more action; the exec director of the LA River Revitalization Corporation calls it "setting the table ... creating a more attractive destination for investment." He very optimistically adds "Hopefully not in too far in the future, if a friend comes to visit you'll ask them, 'Do you want to go to the beach or to the river today?'"
· Los Angeles Reimagines Its Waterway [WSJ]
· On January 1, the LA River Officially Becomes Accessible [Curbed LA]
People sweep mud from inside a business affected by Hurricane Maria, in Comerio, Puerto Rico, in September. (AFP/Getty Images)
On Dec. 8, the New York Times published a sobering report on Puerto Rico's death toll from Hurricane Maria: mortality on the island spiked abruptly in the months following the storm, leading to over 1,000 more deaths than during the same period last year. This number dramatically exceeds the official death toll of 64 — which only counted people who were directly killed by immediate storm damage.
After major natural disasters, emergency responders often warn of the risk of a wave of secondary deaths unless immediate relief is delivered. Puerto Rico — where federal relief efforts have been widely criticized as inadequate — presents a grim test case.
Is it fair to blame these extra deaths on relief failures? Let's explore these four takeaways:
1. The Times used an extremely reputable technique to arrive at the higher death toll.
The Times's analysis renders the official death toll irrelevant. The report applies a methodology that humanitarian researchers often use to approximate the casualties from a major hazard. Since it is rarely possible to track down and individually attribute every death after a shock, humanitarians look at how many deaths occur beyond normal levels, and for how long those elevated mortality levels persist. This makes it possible to estimate a famine death toll, for example, without having to individually attribute each death due to cholera, malnutrition or unknown causes.
[Donald Trump's lukewarm response to Puerto Rico was pretty predictable. Here's why.]
This technique gives a reliable approximation of an event's impact — and has been used to estimate the death tolls from events like the war in the Congo or the 2011 Somalia famine. In Puerto Rico, this technique gives us a considerably more valid picture of the actual human impact than simply counting immediate storm-damage deaths.
2. Secondary mortality is not inevitable.
While humanitarians often warn of possible secondary mortality after a disaster, in practice these deaths are often averted. Super Typhoon Haiyan, a Category 5 storm that stands among the most powerful ever to make landfall, ravaged the Philippines in November 2013 and triggered a massive relief effort. Like Maria in Puerto Rico, Typhoon Haiyan hit a low-income area with poor infrastructure and all the logistical complications that come with island settings. The immediate storm itself killed 100 times more people than Hurricane Maria: 6,300 versus 64.
But there is no indication that Haiyan set off a wave of secondary mortality in the following months, despite widespread damage to shelter, water infrastructure and health services. National mortality statistics compiled by the Philippines Statistics Authority show that the three regions (Eastern, Central, and Western Visayas) in the storm's path had 6,572 more deaths in 2013 than in 2012. This figure mirrors the formal death toll of 6,300 from the immediate storm impact. It does not suggest additional excess mortality in the final months of 2013.
But if the kind of secondary mortality we're seeing in Puerto Rico is not inevitable, it is also not unheard of. Look no further than Hurricane Katrina. Like Maria, it devastated already impoverished parts of the United States and was followed by a federal relief effort widely critiqued as lackluster. A mortality survey found that the death rate in New Orleans in the months following the disaster was approximately 50 percent higher than it had been before the storm, and that death rates remained elevated for months. While these deaths — like those in Puerto Rico — may not be directly tied to the immediate storm damage, their timing indicates a clear correlation to the longer-term fallout from the disaster.
3. Relief effectiveness matters — a lot.
There are good reasons that the Philippines saw no surge of secondary mortality after Haiyan. Its government offered effective leadership and simultaneously sought international help. The international humanitarian system responded with a relief mobilization that was massive, swift, well-coordinated and robustly financed. Foreign governments, the United Nations, the U.S. military and hundreds of NGOs deployed in force following the storm, resolving logistical obstacles and delivering immediate lifesaving aid. Numerous post-storm evaluations praised the effectiveness of the response — a classic example of what the international relief system does well.
[A controversial ‘oversight board' could take over Puerto Rico's hurricane rebuilding effort]
The international relief architecture was built for settings where international actors must often do much of the heavy lifting. However, the Federal Emergency Management Agency was not built to tackle this kind of challenge: a major disaster in a setting with widespread poverty, weak local response capacity and extreme logistical obstacles. FEMA is designed, under the government's National Response Framework, to support relatively capable state-level disaster managers. But disaster management capacity in Puerto Rico is weaker than in Texas or Florida, meaning that FEMA had taken a much stronger lead role than it is accustomed to.
And so FEMA struggled to adapt, falling short in a number of ways identified in the Times's report. Puerto Rico's excess deaths have come mainly from sepsis and respiratory problems, classic post-disaster health problems when there is not enough clean water, safe shelter and adequate health care. Available clean water was so inadequate that as excess deaths were spiking, Puerto Ricans were reportedly turning to sewage-contaminated rivers, condemned wells and Superfund cleanup sites for water. Health-care coverage was so weak that the Navy took the rare step of deploying one of its hospital ships to Puerto Rico. But the ship was poorly suited to Puerto Ricans' actual health needs — reliant on a bureaucratic referral process that proved difficult to navigate — and ultimately saw very few patients. And it took so long to deliver emergency roofing kits that families stayed in unlivable homes for weeks and months, exposed to the rainy season and creeping mold. Even three months into the response, shelter remains woefully inadequate: FEMA reports that it has sheltered only 28 percent of those who need it, with just over 20,000 emergency shelter kits installed — leaving more than 50,000 households still in need.
4. The U.S. government had options to prevent many of these deaths — but failed to use them.
The picture that emerges is fairly damning: a federal response effort that has failed to address basic needs that the international response system would — and does — address as a matter of course. This is all the more staggering given that the international disaster response system was largely built and funded by … the U.S. government.
With FEMA understandably overmatched by this fall's series of megastorms and faced with a uniquely challenging context in Puerto Rico, the Trump administration could have gotten creative: deploying its own international responders at scale, or seeking help from international partners. Inexplicably, it did neither. And the response suffered as a result.
Take shelter as an example. The federal government has managed to cover the emergency shelter needs of only 20,000 households in the first three months, while international agencies reached over 474,000 households with emergency shelter support in the same period after Haiyan. On the health front, 151 foreign medical teams deployed to the Philippines following that storm, enabling direct delivery of care in front line communities, rather than floating in a harbor.
It is impossible to say how many of the thousand extra victims could have been saved if the administration had swallowed its pride and sought international assistance from the United Nations and other partners. But it is clear that many died — and may still be dying — from causes that could and should have been addressed months earlier.
Reddit CEO Steve Huffman has not only issued a formal apology on the social media platform for editing comments made about him on the site by Donald Trump supporters, but he's announced a big change to the site as well.
In a long post on r/announcements, Huffman begins by saying, "tl;dr: I fucked up. I ruined Thanksgiving. I'm sorry. I won't do it again."
Perhaps the biggest news, though, is buried in Huffman's PS: There's now filtering available on the popular r/all. Huffman shared a video (below) on how users can filter out subreddits from their personal r/all page.
Reddit announces filtering on 'r/all' pic.twitter.com/MB6Mez4KhS — Mashable News (@MashableNews) November 30, 2016
The action can only be taken on the desktop version, but Huffman says the filtering will apply to a user's account on all devices.
Huffman also addresses his actions (which resulted in some angry users calling on him to resign), going through his own history and his thinking about why he edited the comments and why he was wrong to do so:
While many users across the site found what I did funny, or appreciated that I was standing up to the bullies (I received plenty of support from users of r/the_donald), many others did not. I understand what I did has greater implications than my relationship with one community, and it is fair to raise the question of whether this erodes trust in Reddit.
Huffman also announced other changes, as well. Stickied posts from r/the_donald will no longer appear on the r/all page. In addition, new actions taken in regards to the r/the_donald subreddit, where the controversy started. Moderators are taking action against the subreddit's "most toxic users" which ranges "from warnings to timeouts to permanent bans."
Legal shooting in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest has raised concern among neighbors, a local legislator and the U.S. Forest Service. A recent cleanup yielded three 20-yard Dumpsters of trash. And then there's the matter of the exploding targets.
If anything can be agreed upon about the areas where people target shoot in the forest near the town of Greenwater, it's that too many people with guns are there.
Shooters say the sites within Mount Baker-Snoqualmie Forest can be crowded and messy. They've seen a few bad apples who didn't know how to handle their weapons. Nearby neighbors complain about the consistent pop, pop, pop resonating from the woods and say bullets have whizzed into their neighborhood.
The sheer volume of shooters, safe and otherwise, has become a predicament for a U.S. Forest Service that's been unable to consistently enforce rules as a frustrated community — which itself includes many shooters — bears down amid anxiety about gun-toting outsiders.
The Greenwater area is popular because it's close to urban centers, accessible via old logging roads, and no fee or pass is required to park. Also, shooting is restricted elsewhere, particularly along much of the Interstate 90 corridor.
At many sites near Greenwater, bullet-riddled refuse is tucked away among trees and the ground is littered with shotgun shells and metal jackets. Residents say bullets have whizzed into their neighborhood. (Steve Ringman / The Seattle Times)
A local network of sites has several shooting spots designated by the Forest Service, but also a patchwork of other places on abandoned logging roads and in wooded nooks where people shoot.
“When folks want to go out and do shooting where it's crowded, they travel further up the road and … they pull off and do the shooting they want to do,” said Martie Schramm, the Snoqualmie District ranger who oversees the area.
Shooting is generally allowed on national forest land so long as shooters have a bulletproof backstop and are at least 150 yards from campsites, structures and occupied areas. Shooting must not endanger anyone, according to Forest Service rules.
At many sites near Greenwater, bullet-riddled refuse is tucked away among second-growth trees and the forest understory is littered with shotgun shells and metal jackets.
The targets aren't your grandfather's coffee can, but include swiss-cheesed propane bottles, iPhones with slug-shattered screens and shredded aerosol cans filled with unsavory chemicals. Perhaps it's an assault on consumerism. From Gatorade bottles to Coleman fuel and Land O'Lakes butter packaging, few American brands seem to have escaped bullet holes.
During a recent cleanup, Forest Service officials and volunteers collected three 20-yard Dumpsters of trash.
“It's quite disturbing,” Schramm said about the volume of trash.
Neighbors are similarly concerned about middle-of-the-night explosions they hear at the sites.
On a recent Friday night, during a statewide burn ban and on one of the hottest days of the year, shooters firing at exploding targets started a small wildfire within a clear-cut, said Greenwater Fire Chief Paul Sowers. Although the fire was on forest land, his volunteer fire district responded first and quickly doused it.
Sowers said gunshots could be heard nearby as firefighters worked.
“I grew up in a culture where if you have shooting, it's safe shooting. I don't feel that anymore,” he said.
Locals worry about using area trails.
“It's really scary,” said Bob Grubb, who owns Wapiti Woolies, a gift store and snack shop in Greenwater. He won't bike along the paved forest road near his house anymore. “You don't know where those bullets are going and who is shooting.”
Stray rounds have residents on edge.
Last summer, a woman said she found a bullet in her deck. A man who lives across the highway said he watched bullets striking high in the trees alongside his house. In 2013, another man reported to police that his thumb was grazed by a stray bullet that split open a bag of dog food he was carrying.
State Rep. Chris Hurst, D-Enumclaw, who is one of the loudest neighborhood voices pushing for restrictions on shooting in the nearby forest land, said he's been intimidated by shooters. A group of men blocked a road he was driving on, got out with guns in hand and laughed at him for 20 minutes before finally letting him pass, he said.
Hurst, a former police commander who has a “Top Gun” mustache and several guns of his own, used politically loaded language to describe groups of shooters he believes are causing problems. They're “militia-type neo-Nazis,” “white trash people who are just kind of stupid” and “young people who saw how fun it is to blow stuff up in the woods” on social media, he said.
Hurst is incensed over the situation and has been giving tours of the area to news media. He hits his talking points nearly as fast as the semi-automatic rifles can fire nearby.
“There are hundreds of trees, maybe thousands of trees full of bullets,” Hurst said, noting that once shot they are no longer valuable for logging. He pointed out trees speckled with bullets. “This is our timber. Taxpayers own it.”
Hurst believes some of the shooting sites are badly polluted. A soil test of a sample collected by a neighborhood group at a now-closed shooting site was tested for lead and found to have 16,400 parts per billion — many multiples above safety standards.
He also sees troubling cultural undertones. Hurst pointed out a cardboard gorilla target tucked away in the forest with a swastika emblazoned on it in blue tape.
“There's garbage everywhere and toxic chemicals,” he said, as he picked up an industrial cleaning aerosol shredded by bullets.
Hurst estimated 90 percent of shooters near Greenwater were bad actors who didn't pick up after themselves, or were shooting at prohibited explosive targets or firing unsafely into wooded areas.
Shooters disagreed.
Robert Albritton and Eli Gotay, both former Army soldiers familiar with weaponry, said they come to the popular shooting sites on weekdays about once a week.
“I've only had a couple encounters where you'll see younger guys who aren't avid shooters who just want to shoot something up,” Albritton said.
Albritton, from Puyallup, said he'd never seen anyone shoot exploding targets, though he didn't doubt it had happened. He said a handful of people don't pick up their trash and that he didn't understand why people would shoot computers, TVs or other appliances.
He said he liked to shoot on weekdays because of his work schedule, but was also glad not to be among the weekend crowds and “white trash redneck dudes who don't care.” Those, he said, were responsible for the trash.
Once he saw two young men do something profoundly dumb.
“I think they had an AK, I think it jammed on them and stove-piped,” he said, referring to when an empty cartridge fails to eject. “They picked it up and looked down the barrel.”
Hurst said some shooters who think they're acting safely don't understand the dangers of some shooting sites. Albritton and Gotay were firing an AR-15 into a clear-cut where a hill slopes down into flatland. About 100 yards in front of them was a dense wooded patch.
What people don't realize, Hurst said, is that houses and Highway 410 are less than a mile beyond.
Dan Solie, the co-owner of waguns.org, a gun-enthusiast community, agreed that the clear-cut was problematic.
“Right now, the way that site is developed, it's natural to shoot right into the woods,” Solie said. Shooters, he said, often set up near the road, which faces the woods and runs at a 45-degree angle alongside the hill, which forms a natural backstop. “Smart people will position themselves and shoot right at the hillside.”
He hopes the area can be redesigned.
Solie said the rapid rise of gun ownership and lack of access to shooting areas is pushing people en masse to places like Greenwater.
“It's like congestion in Seattle. We all of a sudden get so many cars in the road, but the freeway's only so wide,” he said.
Both Solie and locals said they want a heavier presence of law enforcement in the area.
A single officer is assigned to the southern portion of the forest, including the Skykomish, North Bend and Enumclaw areas. He patrols the Greenwater area two days a week.
Ranger Schramm said she has four full-time Forest Service employees dedicated to the area for special projects, permitting and working with volunteer groups, among other tasks. She hired another four temporary workers for the summer, she said.
The Forest Service has sponsored cleanups, which is how Solie got involved.
He said he was sympathetic to local concerns.
“Unfortunately, when they go out there and see the trash, they don't see the hundreds of people that didn't leave trash. They walk up and say, ‘Oh, all shooters are like that.' ”
For nearby residents, “I don't think it's a safety issue as much as a quality-of-life issue — a sound issue,” Solie said. He said it would take “a string of bad luck” for a bullet to reach the neighborhood through such a densely wooded area.
Schramm said she is searching for an answer. She said the Forest Service has not ruled out closing the area to shooters.
That would satisfy Hurst, the state legislator, who is so frustrated by what he called years of inaction that he called the Forest Service “either grossly incompetent or cowards,” along with another, unprintable epithet.
“This is not what John Muir had in mind” for public lands, Hurst said.
Close
The HTC One M7 and HTC One M8 have been officially approved to receive Android 5.1 Lollipop and the OTA (over the air) update is reportedly already rolling out to owners of the devices.
In a tweet sent out late Tuesday, HTC vice president of product management, Mo Versi, announced that "approval for both M8 & M7 GPE versions have been granted by Google for 5.1 OS. OTA out shortly!" That means Android 5.1 Lollipop for the Google Play Editions of both of HTC's former flagship smartphones is official.
Reportedly, owners of the smartphones are already receiving the update. The Android 5.1 Lollipop benefits include battery life improvements and stronger security features in order to protect owners of devices that are lost or stolen. A user has to sign in with the registered Google account information, even in the case of a factory reset, in order to get the device to function at all.
The Quick Settings menu has also been enhanced to allow for quicker access to Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connections. Another highly touted feature of Android 5.1 is high definition calling between devices equipped with the new OS.
The Google Play editions are the pure Android versions of the smartphone without any additional HTC customizations or enhancements. That's one reason why GPE devices are often among the first to receive Android OS updates from Google. There's no word yet on when the Android 5.1 Lollipop update will be released for the regular HTC One M8 and M7. HTC is getting ready to release the successor to both smartphones, The HTC One M9, on April 10. The manufacturer has also confirmed that the new flagship will be running Android 5.1 out of the box.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
(I am at a pub quiz, and my ex is there hitting on another woman on our trivia team – which I find laughable given how drunk he is. Since his place was on my way home, I offer him a ride home and end up punching him pretty hard in the face when he refuses to get out of my car and tries to kiss me. The next day, he starts texting me.)
Ex-boyfriend: “So…I guess I was kind of a butt last night.”
Me: “I would've said ‘douche canoe', but okay.”
Ex-boyfriend: “Oh, come on! I'm a good person, and you broke up with me for no good reason!”
Me: “Oh, right. Because constantly insisting I have a weight problem when I'm skinnier than you are, and insisting you have a right to grope me because we're dating aren't good reasons.”
Ex-boyfriend: “You're overreacting.”
Me: “No. No, I'm not. I'm refusing to date a douche canoe.”
Ex-boyfriend: “By the way, why does my face hurt?”
Me: “I hit you for trying to kiss me and not getting out of my car when I told you to.”
Ex-boyfriend: “Oh…so I really was being a douche canoe last night!”
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Michael "I guess you could call me a statist" Grunwald, Time magazine journalist, sent out a kind of unbelievable tweet last night: "I can't wait to write a defense of the drone strike that takes out Julian Assange." While Grunwald didn't say why he decided to say that thing about Assange in a public forum, the 'joke,' since deleted, comes from a reporter who actually wrote a piece called "Tread on Me." So it's possible that he might be reacting to Friday's Assange endorsement of the American libertarian movement. In any case, here's the tweet:
Glenn Greenwald, Grunwald's fraternal surname twin and the journalist who broke a series of stories on NSA data collection based on leaks from whistleblower Edward Snowden, was something of an outrage gatekeeper against the tweet:
Things like this make you not just understand, but celebrate, the failings of large media outlets - TIME edition: https://t.co/NhXiZ5jdTl — Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) August 17, 2013
I assume you're allowed to express this vile opinion & still be an objective "journalist"- not an "activist", right? https://t.co/NhXiZ5jdTl — Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) August 17, 2013
He wasn't the only journalist pretty much shocked at one of their own, even among journalists with reason to criticize the Wikileaks founder:
Derp RT @MikeGrunwald: I can't wait to write a defense of the drone strike that takes out Julian Assange. — Blake Hounshell (@blakehounshell) August 17, 2013
Today in Things that Are Not Cool: A Time reporter fantasizes about the state-sponsored drone murder of Assange: http://t.co/FiAtZ5oQhH — Lindsay Beyerstein (@Beyerstein) August 18, 2013
Assange is an asshole, was unbelievable horrible to me personally, & says inconsiderate things. But I've never seen him call for murder. 1/2 — Quinn Norton (@quinnnorton) August 18, 2013
And I've never seen anything regarding WikiLeaks he did that even suggested a crime. 2/2 — Quinn Norton (@quinnnorton) August 18, 2013
I see Grunwald has now apologised for his sociopathic Assange drone strike tweet. It was "dumb," he says. https://t.co/rZ8g7lFLOm Quite. — Ryan Gallagher (@rj_gallagher) August 18, 2013
We have written to TIME magazine to ask for Michael Grunwald's resignation https://t.co/X8Rf3TN5MY — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) August 18, 2013
And Assange's mom is REALLY mad:
@MikeGrunwald I am informed you tweeted to the world, that you cant wait to defend the extra judicial murder of my son Julian #Assange. — Christine Assange (@AssangeC) August 18, 2013
@MikeGrunwald I am perplexed as to your motive to publicly incite the murder Julian who us not charged with any criminal offence #Assange — Christine Assange (@AssangeC) August 18, 2013
@MikeGrunwald You will get more journalistic kudos by being well informed than by inciting the murder of a successful journalist. #Assange — Christine Assange (@AssangeC) August 18, 2013
Grunwald removed the tweet and apologized, after a supporter argued that it gave "Assange supporters a nice safe persecution complex to hide in."
It was a dumb tweet. I'm sorry. I deserve the backlash. (Maybe not the anti-Semitic stuff but otherwise I asked for it.) — Michael Grunwald (@MikeGrunwald) August 18, 2013
Time has commented. In a statement, the publication said that "Michael Grunwald posted an offensive tweet from his personal Twitter account that is in no way representative of TIME's views. He regrets having tweeted it, and he removed it from his feed." After re-tweeting and responding to a series of reactions to his tweet and his apology, the journalist has stayed off Twitter.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
The latest from LegalizeFerrets.org View this email in your browser Vol 12 No 20 - May 15th, 2016
PAT WRIGHT Thank you - you are member 3 of the 3000 Club Go Fund The Ferret PAC Cute Photo Submissions But We're Doing it Wrong...
Message from Heidi (our graphic artist)
Do not send files with the name given by your phone or camera,
for example “123_xyz.jpg”.
If your ferrets' names are Jack and Pete, the file name should be “JackPete.jpg”
Please send one photo per email only.
Please send to Please rename your file “myferretsname(s).jpg”.Do not send files with the name given by your phone or camera,for example “123_xyz.jpg”.If your ferrets' names are Jack and Pete, the file name should be “JackPete.jpg”Please send one photo per email only.Please send to ferrets@hihodesign.com Heidi originally told me earlier in the week that not one person followed the directions. And then someone did. Heidi gets a lot of photos. To give you an idea of what works, this is from the 2016 calendar, photo submitted by readers that Heidi chose: Our Amazon Affiliate
We don't live in the prehistoric age. Dinosaurs don't exist anymore. So why did Steven Spielberg kill a triceratops?
Turns out lots of non-"Jurassic Park" fans on Facebook didn't realize that Jay Branscomb was joking when he posted a "disgraceful" photo of a "despicable man" — namely director Steven Spielberg — posing with a poached triceratops. It's been shared over 30,000 times! One Facebook commenter who was in the dark about the animal's extinction wrote, "Disgusting! I bet he only kept the horns!"
Earlier this month, a Texas cheerleader uploaded pictures from an actual hunting trip in Africa on Facebook. Kendall Jones caused an uproar, beaming next to animal carcasses. Those game pics were aptly removed by Facebook.
As for Spielberg's still from the movie shoot, it's still going around social circles. So, is common comedic sense extinct? Share your thoughts with us on Facebook or Twitter.
Turns out the relevant variable is actually grep-find-template . This takes a command with a few additional parameters:
<D> for the base directory
for the base directory <X> for the find options to restrict directory list
for the find options to restrict directory list <F> for the find options to limit the files matched
for the find options to limit the files matched <C> for the place to put -i if the search is case-insensitive
for the place to put if the search is case-insensitive <R> for the regular expression to search for
The default template looks like this:
find . <X> -type f <F> -exec grep <C> -nH -e <R> {} +
To make the command work with git grep , I had to pass in a few options to make sure git doesn't use a pager and outputs things in the right format. I also ignored a few of the template options because git grep already restricts the files searched in a natural way. However, it probably makes sense to add them back in somehow.
My new value for grep-find-template is
git --no-pager grep --no-color --line-number <C> <R>
After some cursory testing, it seems to work.
Note that you should set this variable using grep-apply-setting rather than modifying it directly:
(grep-apply-setting 'grep-find-template "git --no-pager grep --no-color --line-number <C> <R>")
Since I don't use two of the inputs to rgrep , I wrote my own git-grep command which temporarily stashes the old grep-find-template and replaces it with mine. This feels a bit hacky, but also seems to work.
In an article on seattlepi.com, Jake Ellison notes that Washington's Liquor Control Board has set no limits on the size of recreational marijuana grows. As far as the state is concerned, a cultivation business can be as large as it wants, so long as it is properly secured, staffed and funded to comply with all state rules. Seattle is taking a different approach. Indoor grows will be limited to 50,000 square feet. Cultivation operations will be limited to certain industrial zones (slightly more than half of Seattle's industrial land).
Also in this article is the pondering of Washington's “marijuana adviser' Mark Kleiman on how to limit marijuana operations in the state as time progresses. He considers how the state could enact a limit on the amount of THC produced in the state, which would then auction quota rights off to businesses. His reasoning is that otherwise growers will be trying to maximize the amount of THC in each plant and the amount of plants in any given space. These things will certainly happen anyway. THC cap or not, businesses will always strive to be more efficient.
McDonald's has now joined a group of large companies including The Gap, Walmart, and TJ Maxx that have voluntarily agreed to raise pay for low-wage workers. While advocates continue to campaign for increases in local, state, and federal minimum wages, the actions of large corporations so far demonstrate why raising the minimum wage is unnecessary. In the end, the old maxim of retail sales is winning out: the customer is always right.
People complain about sprawl, about big box stores, about low wages, and about poor customer service. Yet all those things exist because of the choices made by customers who are collectively the same people complaining about the very environment their own purchase decisions have created. Sprawl exists because people like living in those suburbs or exurbs. Big box stores with lower wages and less customer service proliferate because so many millions of us choose to shop there, choosing low prices and convenience over other considerations. We get exactly the communities that we deserve based on the choices we make in terms of where and how we spend our money.
If customers choose to shop at places that are more generous in paying their workers, employers will sit up and take notice quite quickly. Businesses adapt to the marketplace much faster than any government regulations. If consumers start spending money at businesses that match their preferences (in prices, treatment of employees, environmental policies, or any other feature that consumers might care about), other businesses will be quick to move in the same direction, whether they authentically agree with those preferences or not.
McDonald's will shortly start paying all workers in its corporate owned stores a minimum of $1.00 per hour above the local minimum wage which will move their average wage up to about $10 per hour. Did corporate McDonald's suddenly see the wisdom of the arguments pushed by the Service Employees International Union campaign for $15 per hour fast food wages? That seems unlikely. More plausibly, they decided the cost was worth it in exchange for an expected public relations boost that McDonald's surely hopes will translate into more sales. Walmart was likely thinking along the same lines when it announced in February that it would raise all workers to at least $9 per hour.
After all, businesses don't support local charities, schools, and little league teams simply out of their compassion, but also out of a belief that such community support is advertising that brings in customers who will reward them for their good works with more spending. If enough Americans begin to reward the companies who treat workers more generously with more of their spending, simultaneously punishing those who don't with fewer dollars, the power of millions of people voting with their wallets will accomplish change much faster than any voter referendums or legislation passed by politicians.
The beauty of free markets is that millions of individuals vote with each dollar in their pockets and the power of those votes adds up to social change. Over the last twenty or thirty years, the sum of all those dollar votes has favored low-wage, low-priced, big box discounters. More recently, there has been some shift in voting support for local food and crafts, but not enough to really change the retail landscape. However, perhaps we have reached a tipping point.
If enough Americans believe in higher pay for all workers, they can vote with their wallets. If they do, businesses will see the election results and will fall in line with the voters. After all, the customer is always right.
Follow me on Twitter @DorfmanJeffrey
Tilos is a small Greek island that was known for its herbs and myrrh during ancient times, while today the island is famous for its fragrant honey, rocky beauty and a small plain that pops like a green firework.
The island will become autonomous after implementing an innovative hybrid energy production and storage system, where energy will be exclusively derived from renewable sources. Tilos will be the first Mediterranean island to go fully “green” and become autonomous in regards to energy. This innovative system will be a revolutionary step toward implementing more renewable energy systems across Europe.
The TILOS program has been included in Horizon 2020, the largest EU innovation funding program. TILOS received the highest evaluation among 80 competing projects during the examination process. The program involves 15 partners from seven European countries headed by a research team from the Laboratory of Renewable Energy and Environmental Protection from the University of Piraeus and includes companies like the Hellenic Electricity Distribution Network Operator (HEDNO), WWF Hellas and Eunice, a company with long-term activity in the Renewable Energy Sources (RES) sector.
“Tilos is a small border island that faces many problems, receives little support and has great tenacity. Despite the setbacks, we always try to strive for the best, different and new. TILOS program is an innovative project, consistent with our island's tradition to protect the environment, which will integrate the island in the global energy leadership, while opening new horizons in the ecotourism field and enhancing the image of our island internationally,” said Tilos' mayor Maria Kamma Aliferi.
Riccardo Riccò has promised to return to racing when his ban for blood doping ends in 2023, despite considering himself a pariah of the sport compared to many of his former Grand Tour rivals. Related Articles Riccò claims there were more EPO positives at the 2008 Tour de France
UCI deny Riccò's claims of more positive tests during 2008 Tour de France
Report: Riccò caught buying doping products
Riccò: I was in the wrong place at the wrong time
Riccò describes the Cycling Reform Commission as a joke
Riccardo Riccò caught up in new drug investigation in Italy
The disgraced Italian will be 40 in 2023, but during a long interview published by La Gazzetta dello Sport he insists he will be competitive.
Ricco was banned for 12 years in 2012 after already serving a two-year ban for his positive test for CERA at the 2008 Tour de France. He was also caught up in an investigation into the sale of stolen hospital medicines before moving from Italy to the Spanish island of Tenerife, where he now owns an ice cream parlour.
"I'll be 40 when my ban ends in 2023. I'll be competitive. If I was training now, I'd be stronger than ever, I feel it. Some teams want me and if not I'd create my own team. Whatever, sooner or later I'll be back racing," Ricco told La Gazzetta dello Sport, still showing his usual bravado during an interview. The interview took place in his lawyer's office in Rimini in the presence of his latest wife, Melissa, who he married a year ago.
"I've now got a ice cream shop in Tenerife. I even make ice cream for dogs. Things are going well. Perhaps it's because I'm now working but I think I've changed. I like making ice cream but there's nothing like my love for cycling.
"I don't ride much, but I still love it. Riding helps me relax. I don't watch much racing, but I see my former colleagues go as fast as ever, if not faster. Valverde is like balsamic vinegar, the older he gets the better he is. I like [Fabio] Aru, [Peter] Sagan is unique and is good for cycling. I like [Vincenzo] Nibali, too. He's the best rider we have in Italy."
Ricco was always a controversial figure. He won mountain stages at the Giro d'Italia in 2007 and 2008 but made bigger headlines for his blunt comments about his rivals and about doping when he was caught.
He suggested to La Gazzetta dello Sport that he is still treated like someone with the plague because he lacked 'friends' in the right places but claims that has not dented his love for cycling and stopped him from again speaking his mind. He reveals he “named names" and spoke for seven hours to the UCI's CIRC commission that published its report into doping in professional cycling in 2015. That failed to secure a cut in his ban.
"I got a long ban because I always said what I thought. I was young, exuberant and never held anything back. I also never had anyone who helped me. In comparison, [Ivan] Basso has been good at selling himself to the media. It's one of his qualities. He was also surrounded by the right people," Ricco said.
"When I had problems everyone disappeared. Agents and managers only think about money. That disgusts me. There are some managers who know everything about doping and direct you where to go. In cycling it's the riders and teams that are punished but I'd include managers, too, and to young rider's relatives, too. Teams don't say you have to dope but they want results."
'I prefer chemical doping to mechanical doping'
Ricco made the headlines for his sharp tongue and generalised accusations. In that aspect he appears to have changed little. He appears to have little regret about doping and the damage it caused to the sport.
"I was only ever scared of being caught. That's why I always did less than I was told to. I was never scared of damaging my health," he said.
"I got my doping from a person I trusted. The black market is huge and even the pharmaceutical companies play their part, but they're untouchable. I worked with Dr. Santuccione, he was a great person. I never wanted to go with Dr. Ferrari because I couldn't stand the idea that he could decide the results of races. Ferrari had loads of riders. He decided the classification."
Ricco confirms he was saved from death by emergency doctors in Italy after adding infected blood to his body. He reveals he later thanked the doctors for saving his life.
"I almost died from blood poisoning after bacteria got into the blood bag. A lot of people said the blood was kept poorly but that's not true. I didn't keep the blood bag in the fridge with the vegetables. I'm not stupid. I had a special fridge for it," he said.
"When I felt ill I didn't know what to do and so things quickly got worse. The doctors saved me. Things were so bad that I didn't have time to be afraid. Nobody has even known this, but I went to thank the doctors after they saved my life."
Ricco carefully chose his words when asked about the current state of professional cycling. He insisted he would have never used mechanical doping.
"Are they clean now? Are we sure? I'm out of that world so I don't know. What do you think?" he says, turning the question to Italian journalist Claudio Ghisalberti, who did the interview.
"It's not nice to ask if people prefer cycling now or in the past. I think that chemical [doping] helps under medical control, even if it's called doping, and does less damage than the effort of riding the Tour de France on bread and water.
"I want to add that I prefer chemical doping to mechanical doping. At least you have the courage to take your on risks. Mechanical doping means it's a different sport. I'd never have been able to use it. I'd have felt like a shit."
FORT MORGAN, Ala. -- A boat captain working in the oil spill response died from a gunshot wound this morning.William Allen Kruse, born 1955, was the captain of The Rookie, a charter fishing boat normally based in Orange Beach, said Deputy Baldwin County Coroner Rod Steade .Steade said the deckhands were on the docks and heard a gunshot and went back on and found him dead on the "flying bridge."The boat was docked at the Gulf Shores Yacht Club & Marina at Fort Morgan, which is on the north side of Ala. 180 about 1.5 miles east of Fort Morgan.The marina manager confirmed that the shooting had taken place there."I'm very sorry to announce the death this morning of a captain in the vessel of opportunity program at Fort Morgan, Alabama," said U.S. Coast Guard Commander Chuck Diorio, a spokesman for the joint information center at the Mobile command post. "Our hearts go out to his family and the Gulf Coast community. There are many facts that need to be determined surrounding this."Diorio said the Gulf Shores Police Department was conducting an investigation.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jordon Ibe will sign a new five-year contract with Liverpool by the end of this week.
The youngster has agreed terms on a long-term deal, which will keep him at Anfield until 2020.
It is reward for the 19-year-old's impressive development, with Reds boss Brendan Rodgers confident Ibe can become a significant player for the club in the coming years.
Ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County in the Championship, but returned to Merseyside in January, and has made eight appearances since, including an eye-catching performance in the Merseyside derby at Goodison Park.
He was cup-tied for Sunday's FA Cup semi-final loss to Aston Villa at Wembley, but will return to Rodgers' squad for this weekend's Premier League trip to West Brom, as Liverpool look to end a disappointing season on a high.
The news will come as another boost to the Reds, who are close to confirming new contracts for both Jordan Henderson and Martin Skrtel.
Henderson's deal is set to be announced this week, while Skrtel will also be tied to a long-term extension. Both players had just over a year left to run on their current contracts.
Ibe would have been out of contract in 2017, but will now continue his development at Anfield.
Liverpool are also confident of agreeing a new deal with Jon Flanagan, the defender whose contract expires in June.
The World Health Organization's cancer agency IARC has published a clear Q&A on the probable carcinogen and World's most used herbicide – glyphosate. The Q&A makes it clear that glyphosate alone is both a probable human carcinogen and is genotoxic.
GM Watch stated Tuesday: The IARC decided that the formulations are a risk, and so is pure glyphosate. This shows that attempts by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to quell the public's and EU countries' concerns by tweaking or banning certain co-formulants, like tallowamine, will not get to the root of the glyphosate toxicity problem.
In March 2015, IARC classified glyphosate as “probably carcinogenic to humans” (Group 2A).
This was based on “limited” evidence of cancer in humans (from real-world exposures that actually occurred) and “sufficient” evidence of cancer in experimental animals (from studies of “pure” glyphosate).
IARC also concluded that there was “strong” evidence for genotoxicity, both for “pure” glyphosate and for glyphosate formulations.
The IARC Monographs evaluation is based on the systematic assembly and review of all publicly available and pertinent studies, by independent experts, free from vested interests. It follows strict scientific criteria, and the classification system is recognized and used as a reference all around the world. This is because IARC evaluations are based on independent scientific review and rigorous criteria and procedures.
To reach these conclusions, IARC reviewed about 1000 studies. Some of the studies looked at people exposed through their jobs, such as farmers. Others were experimental studies on cancer and cancer-related effects in experimental systems.
Could the carcinogenic effects of glyphosate be related to the other chemicals in the formulations?
No. The IARC Monographs evaluation is based on the systematic assembly and review of all publicly available evidence relevant to the carcinogenicity of glyphosate. Most people's exposure to glyphosate concerns commercial formulations that include glyphosate and other ingredients. The Monograph included these studies of real-world exposures to humans. It also included experimental studies of “pure” glyphosate and of glyphosate-based formulations.
For the experimental studies of “pure” glyphosate, the Monograph concluded that the evidence for causing cancer in experimental animals was “sufficient” and the evidence for causing genotoxicity was “strong”. The real-world exposures experienced by human populations are to a variety of formulations of glyphosate with other chemicals, because this is how glyphosate is mainly sold and used. Similar results were reported in studies of different formulations used in different geographical regions at different times.
Taking all of this evidence together, the IARC Working Group classified glyphosate as “probably carcinogenic to humans” (Group 2A). Following the criteria in the Preamble to the IARC Monographs, the classification of glyphosate is based on “limited” evidence of cancer in humans (from exposures that actually occurred) and “sufficient” evidence of cancer in experimental animals (from studies of “pure” glyphosate). This classification is further supported by “strong” evidence for genotoxicity, both for “pure” glyphosate and for glyphosate formulations.
Could the co-formulants be the cause of the genotoxic effects reported in the IARC Monograph?
With regard to genotoxicity, the IARC Working Group evaluated studies of “pure” glyphosate as well as studies of glyphosate-based formulations. The Working Group reached the same hazard conclusion for glyphosate and for its formulations: they concluded that the evidence for genotoxicity was “strong” for glyphosate and “strong” for glyphosate formulations.
Several of the epidemiological studies considered by the IARC expert Working Group showed increased cancer rates in occupational settings after exposure to glyphosate herbicides. Can this be attributed to glyphosate as a single ingredient or could it be due to other chemicals in the formulations?
Real-world exposures that people experience are to glyphosate in formulated products. Studies of humans exposed to different formulations in different regions at different times reported similar increases in the same type of cancer, non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Data on “pure” glyphosate from animal and other experimental studies, including on human cells, support the conclusion from the studies of exposed people. For the studies of “pure” glyphosate, the Monograph concluded that the evidence for cancer in experimental animals was “sufficient” and the evidence for genotoxicity was “strong”.
One of the key studies evaluated in the Monograph was the United States Agricultural Health Study (AHS). This study did not find an association between non-Hodgkin lymphoma and glyphosate. Can this study alone outweigh the positive associations found in other epidemiological studies?
The Agricultural Health Study (AHS) has been described as the “most powerful” study, but this is not correct. The AHS collected data on cancer and pesticide use in more than 50 000 farmers and pesticide applicators in two states in the USA. The weakness of the study is that people were followed up for a short period of time, which means fewer cases of cancer would have had time to appear. This factor can limit the ability of a study to detect an association if one truly exists. Therefore, although the AHS is a large, well-conducted study, its results on glyphosate and non-Hodgkin lymphoma risk do not outweigh those of other studies.
The IARC Working Group also conducted an objective statistical analysis of the results of all of the available studies on glyphosate and non-Hodgkin lymphoma, which included the AHS and all of the case–control studies. The data from all of the studies combined show a statistically significant association between non-Hodgkin lymphoma and exposure to glyphosate.
In the studies IARC evaluated, were there cancers only seen in animals exposed to the toxic doses of glyphosate?
No. The IARC Working Group identified statistically significant trends of higher numbers of cancers with higher doses of “pure” glyphosate in studies of mice, suggesting increasing response with dose. Cancers were seen in the absence of toxicity.
An important consideration in the IARC Working Group's evaluation was that glyphosate caused unusual types of tumours, which are very rarely seen in untreated animals. Rare tumours can provide important evidence of a cause-and-effect relationship, but may only be seen at high doses. The IARC Working Group's evaluation of these tumours was in line with accepted principles and gave highly significant results.
Regulatory agencies have reviewed the key studies examined by IARC – and more – and concluded that glyphosate poses no unreasonable risks to humans. What did IARC do differently?
Many regulatory agencies rely primarily on industry data from toxicological studies that are not available in the public domain. In contrast, IARC systematically assembles and evaluates all relevant evidence available in the public domain for independent scientific review.
For the IARC Monograph on glyphosate, the total volume of publications and other information sources considered by the Working Group was about 1000 citations. All citations were then screened for relevance, following the principles in the Preamble to the IARC Monographs.
After this screening process, the Monograph sections on cancer epidemiology and cancer bioassays in laboratory animals cited every included study. The sections on exposure and mechanisms of carcinogenesis consider representative studies and therefore do not necessarily cite every identified study. Once published, the IARC Monograph on glyphosate cited 269 references.
In the interests of transparency, IARC evaluations rely only on data that are in the public domain and available for independent scientific review. The IARC Working Group's evaluation of glyphosate included any industry studies that met these criteria. However, they did not include data from summary tables in online supplements to published articles, which did not provide enough detail for independent assessment. This was the case with some of the industry studies of cancer in experimental animals.
With the material reviewed by the Working Group, there was enough evidence to conclude that glyphosate is probably carcinogenic to humans.
What does IARC's classification mean in terms of the probability of developing a cancer?
The IARC Working Group's classification of glyphosate as “probably carcinogenic to humans” (Group 2A) is based on “limited” evidence of cancer in humans (from real-world exposures that actually occurred) and “sufficient” evidence of cancer in experimental animals (from studies of “pure” glyphosate). This classification is further supported by “strong” evidence for genotoxicity, both for “pure” glyphosate and for glyphosate formulations.
The IARC Monographs evaluation is a hazard classification. It indicates the strength of evidence that glyphosate can cause cancer. The probability of developing a cancer will depend on factors such as the type and extent of exposure and the strength of the effect of the agent.
Movado makes nice watches. On the scale of Walmart special to “oh god what happened to my bank account,” its watches are priced firmly in the middle. They're fashionable and can last for decades, but they also don't cost the same as half a year's rent. Movado is also known for design. It's the most famous watch—the Museum Watch—has been in the collection of New York's Museum of Modern Art since 1960 as an icon to midcentury design. That's a rare feat for a modern timepiece. So Movado building a smartwatch is important, because if anyone can figure out how to make these things look cool it's this Swiss watchmaker.
WearablesSmartwatches WearablesSmartwatches Movado Connect WearablesSmartwatches Movado Connect Price $650 What is it? A smartwatch with some actual style. Like That gorgeous digital movement. No Like That price.
Advertisement
The new Movado Connect is a $650 Android Wear smartwatch. It's got a microphone (if you feel the need to talk into your watch), NFC (if you feel the need to pay for stuff with Android Pay), and a gyroscope and accelerometer (if you feel the need to track your steps). But there's no heart rate monitor in this thing, and it's water-resistant, not waterproof. So don't expect to take it for a swim. But despite being more than twice the price of an entry-level Apple Watch, and possessing half the features, the Movado Connect is still one of the slickest smartwatches you can buy right now, because this thing really does have style.
While that's largely due to Movado itself, it's also because of Android Wear. Google's wearable operating system is more concerned with looking good than of doing everything your phone does but on your wrist.
Google's bid at the wearable market has had some issues since launching in 2014. First it was because the watches were ugly and the software wasn't much better. Than Google seemed to find itself in a pickle endemic to the wearables industry. Everyone rushed out to buy these devices, realized they weren't magic, and then stopped buying them altogether. Last year was so bleak for smartwatches that I even declared they were dying. And earlier this year, according to the market research firm Strategy Analytics, Android Wear's share of the smartwatch market actually fell to third place behind Apple and Samsung's Tizen OS.
Advertisement
“While I agree that there's been this appearance of external sentiment of it being like a big spike and then a drop, that's not what we've seen,” David Singleton, Vice President of Android Engineering countered in an interview with Gizmodo. As far as Singleton and his peers at Google are concerned, Android Wear is doing great and only going to get better. He repeatedly reiterated that Android Wear's audience loves the dang watches and have actually been using them more. “People are getting happier with the experience, there are more people using it, and the people using it are being more active.”
Admittedly Android Wear has dramatically improved since a major software update earlier this year. Battery life and speed are better, and the OS is just easier to use. Singleton also noted that watch sales tend to peak during the holiday season, which means any major sale improvements related to the Android Wear update won't be apparent until much later this year.
Advertisement
Until then, if Google wants to work against the bad hype, it needs a cool hook. So Android Wear is now the OS for fashion watches. This repositioning of Android Wear began last year when Google started working more extensively with watchmakers Fossil and Tag Heuer, and fashion brand Michael Kors (which works with Fossil to design all its smartwatches and accompanying software).
“We had this very deep conviction right from the start that having a diversity of styles would be important,” Singleton told Gizmodo. “So really what you're seeing us do is execute something we've been trying to do for a very long time.”
Which brings us back to Movado, Android Wear's latest partner and a watch brand with a lot of coveted cultural cache.
Advertisement
As watch designs go, few are more iconic then the little sun in the 12 o'clock position on a Movado watch. It's found on nearly every timepiece the company makes, from its cheapest watches, which retail for $395, to its priciest, which goes for nearly $3,000. It's present on the new Movado Connect as well. That is one of the reasons the company apparently feels comfortable charging $650 for a watch that does a lot less than something like the Series 2 from Apple. The Apple Watch might be iconic amongst tech bloggers, but Movado's iconography has a far broader reach.
Advertisement
And after wearing the watch around New York City for the last week I have to admit there's a cool factor that I simply haven't experienced with another smartwatch. People noticed my watch and then commented on it in a positive fashion! That never happens with smartwatches. Ever.
Sure there were the early Apple Watch days where people would think the device was kind of neat—but for the most part, smartwatches are just regular watches with a fancy screen. They're boring.
The Movado Connect is not. It's definitely large, with a much bigger than average 46.5mm case diameter. It's heavy on my wrist and can feel unpleasantly hot in the summer. Going with a rubber bracelet that doesn't breathe feels like a big misstep for an otherwise great looking watch. Usually a watch this large would look enormous on a smaller wrist, but this one never does. The gold case and lugs (the bit of the watch attached to the straps) grab the eye and give the watch a hyper-modern flare that verges on industrial. It's just enough pop to be pleasantly eye-catching regardless of gender.
Advertisement
People see this watch, with the contrast of black and gold, and they tell me it's gorgeous. Yet the real star of the show is the watch's face, which mimics a movement impossible on most wristwatches.
In traditional watches, the movement is the center “engine” of the timepiece. There have traditionally been two kinds: mechanical and quartz. Mechanical watches have a very smooth movement, with the hour, minute, and second hands sweeping across the watch face. Quartz movements seem to tick across the watch face every second.
Advertisement
Movado's included multiple watch faces for the Movado Connect, including ones that mimic its popular Museum Watch. Yet according to the company, the Cyclox watch face (pictured below) is the one Movado has been wanting to do since the 1940s, but has never been able to due to the sheer limitations of watch mechanisms. At the center of the watch face is the hour, represented by a number. The minute, fashioned like the iconic sun element found in other Movado watches, sweeps gently around the outer edge of the watch face, and the second is a bar that chases after it.
It takes a few moments to get accustomed to reading the time this way. It feels radically different from reading time on a mechanical or quart timepiece or any other digital or smart one. Yet once you get used to it every other way of reading time on a watch feels kind of staid and lame. This is something new and, crucially, it's taking advantage of features in a smartwatch that allow it to do things no traditional watch has been able to do. Movado has wanted to tell time this way since the 40s and now, thanks to Android Wear, it can!
Advertisement
That's how you make a smartwatch interesting. Everyone else, including the much more successful Apple, is obsessed with shrinking a phone down onto your wrist, but severely hampering its functionality at the same time. Movado is instead thinking differently. It might be such a small and simple experiment, but this Cyclox watch face is a great example of what you can do with a smartwatch when you stop thinking of it like a tiny phone and start thinking of it as a hyper-productive timepiece. The only downside to this gorgeous beast? At $650 this is firmly a luxury timepiece. If bold post-modern style is important to you, the Movado Connect is perfect. Otherwise cross your fingers that other watchmakers take note. When it's on your wrist 20 hours a day, style matters.
README
It is $650. Which means it makes no sense if you're comparing it, feature-wise, to a $300 Apple Watch.
It's got more style than just about any smartwatch available.
The Cyclox watcface lets the Movado Connect tell time in a way impossible for dumb watches.
It's water-resistant, and features Android Wear 2.2, which means it actually works on iOS.
It lasts more than 20 hours on a charge.
SPEC DUMP
400 x 400 1.39-inch AMOLED display • Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear 2100 • 300 mAh battery • 4GB of storage • 512MB of memory • Bluetooth 4.1 • 802.11n • 46.5mm case diameter • IPX8
Players have good years, bad years and in-between years, and in 2016 Chris Davis had an in-between year. He was a productive major leaguer, worth a lineup spot on a good team. But he will most likely be named on no MVP ballots this week, after finishing 14th in voting a year ago and third two years before that. Taken together it's all OK, except that Davis was playing the first year under a $161 million contract that will almost assuredly take him into that phase of his career where they're eventually all bad (and expensive) years. The Baltimore Orioles needed this one to be good.
As teams prepare this month to sign players to new $161 million contracts (or thereabouts), it's worth looking at what makes for an in-between season. In one sense, Davis' drop-off from 2015 to 2016 is remarkable: By OPS+, Davis (at 107) was more similar to Erick Aybar (at 69) than he was to the 2015 version of himself (147). In another sense, the margins between superstar and expensive, average player are slim enough to straddle.
To appreciate this, don't think of a season as a single product, built in a factory somewhere and rolled out to the marketplace in its final form. It is a series of hundreds of individual events, each one with the potential to be good, bad or in-between. Consider it, in fact, like this:
Davis' 2015 season, in candy. Sam Miller/ESPN
That's what we're calling Chris Davis's 2015 season, his good season. That's the jar of dry black beans, unpopped popcorn, gummy fish, gummy half-fish, mini marshmallows, knockoff M&Ms, semi-sweetened chocolate chips and unshelled pistachios that we're going to literally unpack today.
A new sweetness scale for sabermetricians? Sam Miller/ESPN
Within that jar are the 47 gummy fish, 31 halved gummy fish, 66 knockoff M&Ms, 84 marshmallows and eight chocolate chips that Davis delivered in 2015. These are all delicious treats, and they are all excellent outcomes for a hitter. Within that jar are also 208 uncooked black beans, 214 unpopped corn kernels, and six pistachios. These are bad outcomes for a hitter, and no matter how many home runs a major leaguer can realistically hit, he's going to fill the spaces in between with outs. As Chris Davis did.
So Davis went from a near-MVP season to a merely OK season, but not everything changed. For instance, he was hit by exactly as many pitches in both years, so the Orioles got just as many chocolate chips as they might have expected. He grounded into exactly as many double plays, so the Orioles got just as many of those as they have expected. If the Orioles were paying Davis to get hit by pitches, and avoid double plays -- and, in some fractional way, they were -- they would have considered him just as good in 2016 as in 2015. Since HBPs and GIDPs were a wash, let's remove those 14 outcomes from the season, because to the extent that Davis failed to repeat his excellent 2015 season, it happened in the other 650-plus outcomes.
Our new jar, free of pistachios and chocolate chips:
The jar is still more than half-full ... Sam Miller/ESPN
He drew four more walks in 2016, so to the extent the Orioles were paying him to walk (and they were) they got more than their money's worth. He had six fewer singles, so to the extent they were paying him to single (and they were), they almost got their money's worth. Davis repeated all of the walks and most of the singles, so remove all of the walks from the marshmallows, and all but six of the knockoff M&Ms.
He hit 38 homers in 2016, down from 47 in 2015. He doubled 21 times, down from 31. So if the Orioles expected him to hit 78 extra-base hits, he lived up to that promise in 59 of 78 instances. Those 19 missing extra-base hits were, more or less, cleanly replaced by 11 extra strikeouts and five extra outs on balls in play. (He also batted five fewer times.)
The difference in Davis from 2015 to 2016. Chew on that. Sam Miller/ESPN
What got lost in the move remains in the jar; that's the 2015 production that Davis couldn't match. What he replaced it with is in the glass, on the right. We're talking about 20 plate appearances that shifted from positive outcomes to negative, fewer than one bad outcome per week. The overwhelming majority of his nearly 700 plate appearances stayed the same.
This is not to diminish the value of those 20 plate appearances. Switching a home run to an out costs a team, on average, more than a run and a half. Switching a double to an out is roughly a run lost, and a single to an out is almost three-quarters of a run. The jar on the left is worth about 25 runs more to the Orioles, or about two and a half wins, which teams are willing to pay around $20 million or more for. This is why Davis won't sniff an MVP vote this year, and it's why Davis gets lumped in with the regrettable signings from last winter.
It does, though, stress how little has to actually change for a hitter to go from great to good, or good to bad, or valuable to albatross. That even in big samples, a small subsample can swing everything, for Davis or for any other hitter.
You might wonder where those nine homers, 10 doubles and two singles went, and here again we can see how little has to be different for a lot to be different.
From the time that the ball was pitched to the moment it was hit, here's what changed for Davis; a bunch of other things stayed more or less the same, and won't be mentioned:
Pitchers threw slightly more pitches in the strike zone -- about 45 out of every 100, up from 43 of 100.
Davis was much more patient. He swung about five fewer times per 100 pitches seen, patience that showed up both at pitches in the strike zone and out of the strike zone. He went from the top 40 percent of free-swingers, in 2015, to the bottom 20 percent in 2016. (This probably explains the modest uptick in both walks and strikeouts, as he worked deeper counts.)
More teams shifted against him, though not that many more -- he was already shifted by almost everybody. Still, he hit 127 ground balls against an extreme shift in 2016, up from 113 in 2015 (and 96 the year before that). This cost him a single or so.
Finally, the direction the ball went changed dramatically. Davis pulled 55 percent of the balls he put in play in 2015, which was the fourth-highest pull rate among all qualifying hitters. He pulled just under 42 percent of balls he put in play in 2016, which is the 62nd-highest pull rate. That was the biggest change in pull rate in the majors this year, by a lot:
Pull Position In 2016, Chris Davis had the largest dip in pull rate in the majors. Rank Player 2015 2016 Change 1 Chris Davis 55.1 41.7 -13.4 2 Odubel Herrera 36 27.6 -8.4 3 Danny Valencia 48.1 39.7 -8.4 4 Starling Marte 46 38.6 -7.4 5 Jose Ramirez 44.5 38.8 -5.7 6 Ian Desmond 38.7 33.1 -5.6 7 Chase Headley 46.5 41 -5.5 8 Jose Bautista 56.4 50.9 -5.5 9 Carlos Gonzalez 41.8 36.6 -5.2 10 Dustin Pedroia 42.8 37.6 -5.2
This last bit seems, at first glance, like a major change. And considering how much more power most hitters have when they pull the ball -- the league as a whole slugged .665 on pulled balls this year, .541 on balls hit to center, and just .495 on balls hit the other way -- it seems like the answer for the missing homers and doubles.
But, in fact, it explains nothing for Davis, who has had extraordinary power to all fields in his career:
Left? Right? Center? Doesn't Matter Chris Davis had posted similar, stellar numbers wherever he hits the ball. Davis, Career AVG SLG To Right .374 .773 To Center .401 .764 To Left .387 .775
His slugging percentage to the opposite field over the past five years is the best mark in baseball by more than 65 points. Hitting more balls to left or center isn't necessarily a bug for Davis, and in 2016 especially it worked to his benefit: He slugged .975 on balls hit the other way, more than 100 points better than any other hitter in baseball. He slugged .795 on balls hit to center, fifth best in baseball, two points behind Mike Trout.
So it wasn't his inability to pull the ball that cost him power. However, it was his inability to pull the ball for power that cost him power. He slugged only .586 when he pulled the ball, his worst power performance on pulled baseballs since 2011, a season he began in Texas. In fact, here is where we find all the missing extra-base hits, and more:
Bitter Pull Chris Davis' lack of power when pulling the ball in 2016 was noteworthy indeed. Year Pulled HR Pulled 2B 2012-14 (Avg) 19 11 2015 27 19 2016 13 5
This despite the fact that his exit velocity on pulled baseballs was, at 91.3 mph, almost identical to his 2015 figure (91.6 mph). His exit velocity on pulled line drives went up, from 97.2 mph to 98.7 mph -- and yet his doubles on pulled liners dropped from 16 to five, and homers from five to two. His average exit velocity on pulled fly balls went up, from 95.7 mph to 99.1, and his average distance on pulled fly balls dropped only from 346 feet to 344; and yet his home runs on pulled fly balls dropped in half, from 22 to 11. Sometimes the park just holds you. Sometimes the defense is just a little bit better.
One might still take all these facts and conclude that Davis is in serious and irrevocable decline. Most ballplayers older than 30 are in irrevocable decline, after all, and everything we've noted was different about Davis this year might be used to build in a circumstantial case against him: Pitchers threw him more strikes because they (and their advance scouts) already intuit that he isn't as dangerous as he used to be, maybe. He took more pitches because he realizes that, as he ages, he can't handle as many quality pitches on the edges of the zone, maybe. He pulled fewer pitches because his bat is slower, maybe. He did less damage when he did pull it because he's not as strong, maybe. He dealt with hand soreness throughout the season and said himself that "I haven't been myself all season." His hand kept him from turning the bat over, maybe, or from getting backspin, maybe. Anyway, he struck out more and he hit less. You don't need a jar full of gummy fish to understand that this is what happens to ballplayers sometime after they turn 30.
But we, as analysts and baseball fans and GMs signing free agents, miss on veterans almost as often as we miss on young players, because the unknowns about player performance don't go away, they just shift a little. Almost everything Chris Davis did this year was as good as it had been the year before. In a small sliver of his outcomes, sent to just one sliver of the field, everything he hit turned into nothing -- and for no clear or convincing reason. This is one way that a season ends up in the in-between, and it's one way that we are overeager to declare a contract sunk 14.3 percent of the way into it.
Lowell High School is a single-campus public high school located in downtown Lowell, Massachusetts. The school is a part of Lowell Public Schools.
History [ edit ]
Lowell, Massachusetts was incorporated as a town in 1826 and Lowell High School opened shortly after in 1831. One of its earliest homes was a small brick building on Middlesex Street owned by the Hamilton Manufacturing Company.[3] From their inception, Lowell's public schools were integrated. African American Caroline Van Vronker was a student at Lowell High School in 1843, at a time when every public high school in Massachusetts and the United States was segregated.[4] In 1840, the high school moved into a new building located between Kirk Street and Anne Street along the Merrimack Canal.
Over the next 100 years, the school campus expanded.[5] The oldest extant building replaced the 1840s building in 1893.[6] In 1922, a large new building was built along Kirk Street and in the 1980s another building was built on the opposite side of the Merrimack Canal with connecting walkways over the canal. There are now three major buildings with one limited to the Freshman Academy. Current enrollment is over 3000 students.
Lowell High School Clock, a gift from three classes, is frequently used as a symbol of the school (2007).
The mascot of Lowell High School is the Red Raider and the school colors are Maroon & Gray.
Carney Medal [ edit ]
A symbol of high academic achievement at Lowell High School is the Carney Medal. Each year, the top three male and top three female students of the graduating class are presented with this medal. The award was established in 1859 by James G. Carney, a successful businessman and banker.
Notable alumni [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
VIDEO: Cop Shoots Suspect Outside Dallas Airport Baggage Claim
Marine with 2 Purple Hearts Drowns After Rescuing 2 Teens from Dam
A suspected bike thief in Oregon learned the hard way that you don't mess with cowboys.
The Eagle Point Police Department posted about the unbelievable incident on their Facebook page on Friday.
According to the department, a man tried to steal a woman's bike in the parking lot of an Eagle Point Walmart.
That's when local rancher Ray Borba, armed with only a rope, leapt into action.
Photos show that Borba put his lassoing skills to use, wrangling the would-be thief and restraining him until police arrived.
“He jumped on his horse that was at the ready and pulled out his lasso,” Alyssa Borba, Robert's wife, told Fox 13. “This is what he does [for a living], so he could do it quick.”
Police arrested Victorino Arellano-Sanchez, whom they described as a transient from the Seattle area, on a theft charge.
In their Facebook post, the department called Borba a hero and thanked him for saving the day.
Watch the "Fox and Friends Weekend" report above.
Family: Girl, 15, Committed Suicide Over Nude Images Leaked on Snapchat
WATCH: Bieber Thrown to Ground After Attacking Man Who Wanted Autograph
Unlucky Criminals Tried to Rob a McDonald's Filled With Special Forces
Nothing is more exciting that a field trip when you are a schoolchild; a temporary escape from the classroom to a field or a forest, enjoying (hopefully) the sunshine and the outdoors.
Growing up in Israel, the only downside to the whole experience was the talks. Every so often (too often, if you ask kids as sugared-up as we were), we would all have to sit down and hear a long explanation from a guide or a teacher, about the trees, flowers, rocks and the occasional heroic war story of the Israeli army.
When we did not have to sit and listen quietly, we enjoyed running around, climbing trees, playing catch or exploring ruins. What ruins, you ask? The regular ruins.
You know, every field or forest has these ruins of houses and buildings that blend with the natural environment. Or so I thought growing up as a child in a suburb of Tel Aviv.
Later in life, a bit after I learned about the mass expulsions of Palestinians in 1948, I connected the dots. I realised that all these ruins that seemed to us like an integral part of the natural landscape, were houses of people who were (and still are) exiled from their native land, perhaps even still living as stateless refugees.
Those ruins were parts of entire villages, raized to the ground shortly after its inhabitants were killed, expelled or fled ― and were not allowed to return. On many of them, new (Israeli) towns emerged, sometimes within months.
The rest were mostly covered by forests, planted to make the Palestinian landscape more “European” while hiding the last remains of towns and villages whose residents, their children, and grandchildren live in a stateless refugee status.
The normality of having 50-year-old ruins of buildings ingrained in the natural environment went unquestioned throughout my childhood. All those guides and teachers, who talked so much about geography, biology, and geology, never really explained what the story behind the ruins was.
I don't know if I was ever particularly curious about this as a child. If you were to ask the 10-year-old version of myself what those ruins were of, I would have probably scratched my head and guessed that the people who lived there chose to move to a newer house.
On the bus back home from a field trip, we used to pass many towns, villages, and Kibutzes, many of which specify on their entrance sign, “established 1948”. Only later in life I realised what that so often meant.
It's a big rewrite.Here is a video of our 5-year old playing against the simple POS chess engine ( http://www.vanheusden.com/pos/ , ELO 500) using Pichochess on Mac Pro and Phoenix Systems Revelation II chessbot board.Note the extremely robust interface and http broadcasting of the game, analyzed in browser running Stockfish. (Yes, the engine runs in the browser.) The game PGN is automatically emailed upon completion or downloaded via browser. Additional moves can be entered via web interface for analysis. A database of games will be added. Picochess now runs any UCI chess engine on Raspberry Pi, Odroid, Mac OS X, Windoze, you name it.We believe this is the best chess teaching tool ever. Imagine a remote tutor monitoring a game between two kids (or kid vs. engine) via web interface & Skype.-Izmet
Helloooo everyone^^Geez, this one took me quite some time and patience to work on xD Seriously, it took me like forever, BUT I did it!^^ It is a very special drawing, because it is my contest entry for ´s NERDY PONY ART CONTESTThe task was it to draw your OC as your favourite Video game, cartoon or anime characterWell, I have to admit, Super Mario Bros was the very first thing I had to think of XD Why? I will explain!______________________So, the drawing featuresSpitfire as Spit- Fire- Mariome as Lupigi as Snoopys-Toad ´s Lukida as Lakida as Curly Cloudand Rainbow Dash as Bullet DashSo, I really had Luigi in mind when I started thinking about that contest. I can identify with him a bit, because he´s kinda clumsy, shy and naive like I am, so LUPIGI was bornBesides, Spitfire is my favourite pony and I knew: if I draw a Mario game picture, I can add her as a Fire-thingy xD I didn´t want to make her a fire flower, so she became Spit-FIRE-MARIOHehe, I like how they both turned out with their clothes and even the beards, oh my XD I like it^^I added Snoopy as a happy smiling Toad because he just reminded me on him with the spots, so I just made them black instead of the usual Toad coloursAdditionally, I wanted to make the characters look as similar to their in game characters as possible, so that´s why Snoopy is even smaller and clumsier hehe. I had a lot of fun drawing him being with us^^Okay, Curly Cloud speaks for itself, doesn´t it? XD The cute OC reminded me on a cloud with it´s wool, so I just added a Curly Cloud and a Lakito-like Lukida on it with those Spikey thinks in, who guessed it, Spike´s colours xD The ball itself is purple and has green spikes, just like Spike´s scalesAnd last but not least, I had to add Bullet Bill but make him even more awesome^^ So let´s choose another really fast character, add some colours and there we goBut to be honest, Bullet Dash was the toughest part when it vomes to colouring and shading XD I was glad when it was done XDSo in general, i was pretty much fun drawing this picture, but on the other hand, it was kinda exhausting too, sometimes xD I really hope, you enjoy it
Kendrick Lamar's major label debut, good kid, m.A.A.d city receives the prestigious distinction of XXL. In the past, XXL has given the honor to notable classics including Lauryn Hill's The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill by Lauryn Hill , Jay-Z's The Blueprint , 50 Cents Get Rich or Die Tryin' , Common's Be , Kanye West's Late Registration , Clipse's Hell Hath No Fury , Kanye West's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy , and, most recently, Nas' Life Is Good .
[Click here to read the full good kid, m.A.A.d city review.]
The Compton MC's highly personal reflection of his teenage years in the same city that has birthed gangsta rap, touches on a wide array of subject matters in a distinctively unique approach. The following is an excerpt from the review:
"Overall, good kid, m.A.A.d city is an invigorating LP. Every record is both complexly arranged and sonically fitting, foregrounding Kendrick's vivid lyricism and amazing control of cadence. There's not a single loophole. From the prayers on “Sherane a.k.a. Master Splinter's Daughter” to the triumphant ending on “Compton,” each skit and track interweaves one another, solidifying a complete picture. While only time can determine the album's fate, this life chronicle of Kendrick has all—if not more—of the qualities rap's now living and deceased legends have carved in stone. It's an undeniably stellar major label debut from Kendrick Lamar, which will certainly hurt the self-esteem of many rappers out now while also inspiring them to reach these heights."
Kendrick Lamar's good kid, m.A.A.d city is in stores now.
The Bottled Water Industry
In Canada, bottled water is regulated as food by Health Canada. Water bottling companies are inspected by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency. Permits to take water must be applied for and obtained from provincial environment ministries. Bottling companies continuously test their product to ensure its quality, and CBWA members must adhere to the Association's stringent Bottled Water Model Code, Bottled Water Food Safety Practices, Certified Plant Operator Program and Third Party Plant Audit requirements, as a condition of membership.
Most of the bottled water produced in Canada is sold in Canada. Bottled water companies range from large multinationals to small and medium sized Canadian-owned companies.
There are two different segments of bottled water markets within the industry:
The home and office delivery (HOD) format which consists of primarily returnable polycarbonate containers (up to 18 litres in size); and
which consists of primarily returnable polycarbonate containers (up to 18 litres in size); and The single-serve PET bottle format ranging from 250 ml to 3 litres.
The industry's first bottled water companies started in Toronto and Montreal just after Wolrd War I delivering bottled water to offices and homes.
A number of factors have contributed to the popularity of bottled water. As consumers focus on healthy-eating with a significant emphasis on sufficient hydration, bottled water is seen as a natural product and a vital part of a healthy lifestyle.
Demand has also increased as a result of greater portability and accessibility via convenience stores, gas stations, supermarkets, foodservice and hospitality, and vending machines. The increased consumption of bottled water has moved the product beyond the niche market and into the mainstream as bottled water has become a basic staple for many Canadians.
Bottled water competes with a variety of packaged beverages, including carbonated soft drinks, milk, juices, soya beverages, energy drinks, and sport drinks and to a lesser extent with hot drinks such as coffee, tea and hot chocolate, and low alcohol wine coolers and ciders. However, according to a study conducted in May of 2006 by Probe Research Inc., the majority (70%) of adults who purchase bottled water do so as an alternative to buying other packaged beverages, not as an alternative to tap water.
Quick Facts:
The bottled water industry is a net importer of water into the Great Lakes region. According to a 1999 International Joint Commission (IJC) report on bottled water, for every 1 litre of bottled water exported out of the region, there were 9 litres imported into the Great Lakes region. An update from the Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources states that in 2005m for every 1 litre exported, 14 litres were imported.
The bottled water industry in Ontario uses as much water as ten golf courses in Ontario — a province where there are more than 700 golf courses.
The Canadian bottled water industry uses just 0.02% of permitted water in Canada compared to the thermal power generation (64%), manufacturing (14%), municipalities (12%), agriculture (9%) and mining (1%). (Source: Environment Canada)
You are a scientist who was working on the development of a time machine. When the experiment began, a wormhole was formed and mankind and most wildlife disappeared. Now you are humanity's last hope because you are the last man alive. Your mission is to find the time machine . Therefore you will have to explore Russia, Germany, Norway, Egypt, U.S. ,Mars and Moon. Use portals that can teleport you to differents ages from the Age of the Dinosaurs to our Era. The problem that you will face is survival. You will have to find resources like fish, fruits, beer , vodka, water because these will help you to stay alive. Also transport like cars, boats, airplanes and rockets will help you to travel faster. Save the mankind and become the president!
Key features:
Share Former Raven Wants to be The Biggest Loser
Share Former Raven Wants to be The Biggest Loser
Russell Street Report Street Talk Former Raven Wants to be The Biggest Loser
When Brian Billick arrived in Baltimore he brought with him a confidence and swagger that the then 3-year old Baltimore Ravens had never seen or experienced.
He was anointed “Offensive Genius” and was thought to be an X's and O's guru who could do no wrong. Perhaps Billick himself even sipped some of that Kool-Aid, while embracing delusions of grandeur, thinking he could emulate his successes in Minnesota where he was the architect of the Vikings high-flying offense, even with Scott Mitchell and Tony Banks at the controls behind center.
It didn't take Billick long to realize that rotund Scott Mitchell wasn't his guy.
Sporting a physique that resembled that of an offensive guard, Mitchell started two games for the Ravens in 1999 and was promptly benched after 4 interceptions, 1 fumble and a passer rating of 31.5 during the two contests.
If only his numbers on the scale were as paltry.
Today Mitchell tips the scales at 366 pounds and is among the contestants on this season's “Biggest Loser.”
If only Jillian Michaels had been around in 1999…
As you watch this, I will be the first to admit, other than what is evident on the video, I have no clue what kind of scene this was or what the person with the camera did or didn't do to warrant the expletives coming from the man who says on the video he is the “fire chief”. What I do know is that, much like Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Captain Greg Smart's infamous on camera tirade, this is probably not the best way for professionals who deal with public to handle with this situation. Even if you are right, you undermine your own authority and reputation with actions like this caught on camera.
The description with the video from ccspagan simply asks, “Is this how public officials should treat taxpayers?”
It claims to have been taken in Uniontown, Pennsylvania (Fayette County) and that the fire chief is Charles Coldren of the Uniontown Fire Department.
1948 Cleveland Browns and 1942 Chicago Bears
You won't find it in the NFL Record and Fact Book but there was another team that like the 1972 Miami Dolphins, experienced a perfect season, undefeated and untied through regular and post-season play. The Cleveland Browns, then members of the All-America Football Conference finished 15-0 in 1948. Two years later the AAFC folded and the Browns became members of the NFL. While the NFL does recognize the records of the American Football League (1960-1969), it does not include AAFC marks in its record keeping. The Browns, coached by Paul Brown, after whom the team was named, dominated the AAFC all four years by compiling a 52-4-3 record and winning all four league championships. But they reached their zenith in 1948 when they marched through 14 regular season games and the AAFC championship without a blemish.
The perfect season came in the middle of a 29-game unbeaten string that began in October 1947 and continued until October 1949. By 1949, even Browns followers were so weary of constant and even predictable victory celebrations, they simply stopped coming to the games. Thus the Browns, because of their overwhelming domination, contributed to the demise of the AAFC. No one team ever seriously challenged the Browns but the San Francisco 49ers, also destined to wind up in the NFL, came the closest. They defeated the Browns in 1946 and again in 1949 and came close twice in the flawless 1948 season. Both teams were 10-0 when they met in Cleveland before 82,769, the largest crowd in pro football history up to that time. Cleveland won 14-7 and had an even closer call two weeks later in San Francisco in a 31-28 squeaker. The Chicago Bears sailed through the 1942 NFL schedule undefeated and untied. The reigning NFL champs, the Bears, were favorites to win their third consecutive title when they met the Washington Redskins in the 1942 Championship game. However, the Redskins defense was up to the task and surprised the Bears 14-6. The Redskin victory had an extra measure of satisfaction, since it was the same Bears team that two years earlier humiliated Washington 73-0 in the 1940 title game. Having an undefeated and untied regular season, only to lose in the championship game, was not a new experience for the Bears. In 1934, the New York Giants upset the 13-0 Bears were upset 30-13 in the championship game. '34 and '42 Bears go undefeated
WELCOME TO GRAND OLD ACADEMY Mission Statement ---------------------- ---------------------- --------------------------------------------
Update! Development is still ongoing. Please check out Development is still ongoing. Please check out this post for more details, as well as some exciting new announcements!
The 2016 Republican primary was so full of petty drama that at times it felt like a high school soap opera. With this in mind, we decided to make it one. Grand Old Academy is a fictionalized, comedic retelling of the election in the style of a Japanese dating simulator. You play as Mori America, a Japanese transfer student, and you arrive just in time to watch the first round of the debate club championship. The championship is the most anticipated and important event of the school year. As you befriend seven of the top debaters (which include Donald, Jeb, and Ted), you realize there may be more to them than what they show on the stage… and that they're all eligible bachelors.During our successful Kickstarter campaign in November, we raised over $15,500 — $2,000 above our goal. We are currently in the process of building the full game, but if you're eager to Make America Date Again, download our demo. To get the latest updates, you can also sign up for our mailing list. And if you'd like to support the game, please visit our Patreon to contribute and help make Grand Old Academy even grander, older, and academier.
Halloween approaches and as a precursor it's a great pleasure to be able to post a selection of interior illustrations from Der Orchideengarten, courtesy of Will at A Journey Round My Skull. Der Orchideengarten was a German magazine of weird fiction which ran for 51 issues from 1919 to 1921 and whose existence today is rarely acknowledged despite being credited as the world's first fantasy magazine. Information is scarce and these scans come from Will's own copies which is why I've posted fifteen more below the fold; you can't see this stuff anywhere else. A Journey Round My Skull featured some covers and a different set of interior illustrations earlier this year, and there should be a new post complementing this one with more of the magazine's stunning cover designs.
What strikes me about these black-and-white drawings is how different they are in tone to the pulp magazines which followed shortly after in America and elsewhere. They're at once far more adult and frequently more original than the Gothic clichés which padded out Weird Tales and lesser titles for many years. Some are almost Expressionist in style, while the Wild Hunt series below shows a distinct Goya influence. I'd love to know how the written content matches the illustrations; I suspect there's the same difference of atmosphere and emphasis to American weird fiction as there is in the drawings.
Update: Will's new post is Watering the Toxic Garden which will be followed on Thursday by the results of his Evil Orchid Bookplate Contest.
Click on any of these pictures for a larger version.
Elsewhere on { feuilleton }
• The illustrators archive
Previously on { feuilleton }
• Der Orchideengarten
• The Great God Pan
• Jugend Magazine
• Meggendorfer's Blatter
• Simplicissimus
Road to BlizzCon #15 - SKT.soO - WCS 2014 Text by lichter Graphics by Meru, shiroiusagi
Photo Credit: eSports TV SK Telecom T1 soO 어윤수 The Emperor by CosmicSpiral
The infamy of second place weighs heavily on soO's shoulders. The best zerg in the world is on the verge of collapse, and only he can pull himself out of the muck.
It's more interesting to watch losers on the podium than winners. While the latter are naturally more fun, their range of emotions is naturally limited. Usually they fall into a strict dichotomy: the relative newbie overwhelmed by shock and elation, and the serene champion exuding professional cool. Meanwhile there's a far larger spectrum for expressing disappointment, so runner-ups get to have a more nuanced take. There's the abashed kid-on-the-playground waddle out of the booth, the immediate bawling after throwing off the headphones, and the cathartic laugh to release stress. We also have the classic eye roll thanking God that this shit is finally over, barely concealed anger, the other classic eye roll saying “I can't believe I lost to a random 2 rax again”, and sighs of bemused exasperation. Some players never change their expression, adopting a stoic dignity that would make Marcus Aurelius proud. Others are so happy they got second place that they don't care. Sometimes we even get the gift of unashamed tears.
And then you have soO at Dreamhack Stockholm.
Winrate 61% vs. Terran 57% vs. Protoss 64% vs. Zerg Earnings $51,901 USD in 2014 3650 WCS Points Rank #10 GSL Code S Season 1 - 1,000 PointsGSL Code S Season 2 - 1,000 PointsGSL Code S Season 3 - 1,000 Points Liquidpedia Link
I was dumbfounded when I grabbed second place two seasons in a row. But after that third season, I was put in a state of disarray. Even right now I have no idea (laughs). All I can say is that I will do best. No one could blame him for the shell shock. Just an hour beforehand soO seemed poised to take Stockholm, dazzling commentators and viewers alike with his pristine play. Throughout the tournament the SKT zerg had run rampant over the opposition, not dropping a single game. By contrast Solar entered the finals in shaky form. The up-and-coming zerg lost a series to Snute in the group stage as well as dropping games in every BO3 leading up to the final. From an objective perspective this was guaranteed success. No pesky protoss to ruin his plans, no cunning strategies lurking in wait. It was as straightforward a ZvZ as you could get. soO, being a master of the mirror matchup, couldn't lose. Of course the cynics knew better. After all, it was a tournament final. How could soO not lose?
The irony of this wretched saga is that it barely affects soO status among his own race. Normally a perennial choker could never qualify for the title of best zerg. Like in most sports, dominance and championships are assumed to be synonymous in SC2. After all, the symbiosis between the two is all but tautological. You can only win trophies by being better than your peers; by being better than your peers, you inevitably win trophies. On that front soO is a failure. With 4 consecutive second-place finishes in GSL and 5 total in premier tournaments, soO has only earned the right to wear a monkey suit and climb the Empire State Building.
What he lacks in awards he makes up in consistency, a trait sorely lacking in his brethren. On this front, soO has settled into the throne simply by holding his ground. The presence of zerg in HotS has been extraordinarily erratic, defined by scattered periods of relevance followed by a return to the mean. Various figures have stepped up promising to establish some kind of order within the ranks. At the beginning of HotS, Soulkey showed us that zerg could still connive its way to a title...and little else. TRUE momentarily wowed us with his wild and wacky style only to fall victim to his middling ZvT. Life showed signs he could return to his old world-stomping ways, and proceeded to drop out of Code A. The closest to a reliable threat is Solar, who recently demolished soO at Dreamhack, but he has yet to make it to the semifinals of a GSL. No one else can claim a string of results nearly as impressive as 2 GSL finals in a row. soO can claim 4 of them over the course of a year, only facing the strongest opponents in hostile metas. On those laurels alone, soO deserves a place among the greatest players of all time.
Even though I am a person to have made history, I feel like I am always a secondary character in these situations. This time, I want to become the main character. Such an accomplishment, as noble and uplifting as it sounds, loses its luster when compared to the big question. At this point, soO is an apocryphal figure in the public consciousness. His struggle taps into the primal tension of competitive play (Win or not win? Champion or second place?), and the propagation of that narrative has consumed his career like some abstract cancer. Few people care that he's actually the opposite of the stereotypical stoic Korean, dull as dishwater and ineloquent to boot; even less recognize him as a cheerful competitor with a sense of humor. There's no place to appreciate his strategic versatility, or discuss his eventual contribution to the zerg lexicon. His personality, his small accomplishments, his other dreams, they all pass through that same lens. soO's Sisyphean task will be the hallmark of his career; his ability to overcome it will determine whether he's remembered as an inspiration or a joke.
There are signs he is already cracking under the pressure. Dreamhack and the most recent GSL destroyed any notion that his failings were an issue of race, an odd inability to decipher protoss on the big stage. For a long time it was the most sensible explanation for his failings. soO never excelled at ZvP and frequently dropped individual games in GSL and Proleague; two opponents he met in the finals were widely acclaimed protosses on hot streaks, while Classic proved to be fairly solid after his breakout performance; he routinely trounced the other races in televised matches. However, his recent losses to Solar and INnoVation point to a more troubling issue. The SKT zerg, famous for his impeccable macro and cool under pressure, had seemingly lost faith in his ability to win the long game. His ugly loss at Stockholm was characterized by an unwillingness to play passively. Instead of bolstering his defenses to survive into the midgame, soO elected to go for risky plays like 10 pool and a bizarre 1/1 speedling timing. Against INnoVation, he attempted to exploit the terran's infamous greed with a series of roach timing attacks. After all Soulkey had employed the same approach before and won with it. Then again, Soulkey was down 0-3 at a time when zerg struggled against widow mine pushes; soO had recently swatted away Flash's pushes like a bug. Why did he persist with this gambit (while up 2-0) instead of using it as part of the mindgame? Why did someone with his build order depth insist on using similar variants? Was it overconfidence or a sign of quiet desperation?
All these answers will be partially answered by his performance at Blizzcon. Here, soO will undoubtedly pull any remaining tricks out of the bag if he can leverage them to a victory. He has always kept his cards close to the chest, and soO is a known master of many playstyles. Still, all the strategic originality in the world won't help if he doesn't believe he can take the title. soO has endured a vicious pounding to his ego over the past year. Such an assault leaves marks that crop up at the most inopportune times. For soO to win here, among the best in the world, he must arrive confident and fake it if he doesn't. Otherwise, he'll be condemned to watch the same movie play out before his eyes. No matter how many times he watches, he'll never like the ending.
soO: Injecting Fear Into The Opponent
Follow soO Twitter Twitch
Administrator YOU MUST HEED MY INSTRUCTIONS TAKE OFF YOUR THIIIINGS
Law Library Expert Discusses the Modern Public Law Library
Click on this link to read the Declaration of Law Library Expert Marcia K. Koslov
Law Library Expert
How Did Law Library End Up with Such a Small Space?
May 2013
Last fall on its own the Library located a space at 1200 Van Ness Avenue and proposed to the city that it would be appropriate for new quarters for the Library when the Veterans building closed in May/June 2013. The Library's experts determined that the Library required 30,000-35,000 square feet to accommodate its services, collection, and public access computers, and that amount of space was available for lease at 1200 Van Ness. The city refused to provide that amount of space to the Law Library, and passed a resolution in April authorizing rental of no more than 15,633 net square feet at 1200 Van Ness and no more than 20,000 square feet total in the future. (See article below.)
After the Board of Supervisors passed the April resolution a San Francisco judge rejected our legal argument that the Board of Supervisors had abused its discretion in deciding that a 20,000 square foot space would be suitable for the Library. We continue to assert that State statutes and the City Charter mandate proper funding and adequate space for our facility and we will continue to advance this position in the courts and elsewhere.
Shortly after the court hearing, the city lost the opportunity to rent 1200 Van Ness for the Law Library. Now city officials are planning to move the Library to an even smaller space at 1145 Market Street.
At the Board of Supervisors' meeting today, the board approved a resolution 10-1, authorizing the City to enter into a lease to house the Law Library in only 15,633 net square feet. Supervisor David Campos voted against the resolution, and noted that there was no need to rush this resolution through today, three days before a hearing and ruling in San Francisco Superior Court and on the Library's Motion for Writ of Mandate and Preliminary Injunction. Unfortunately, at the meeting, the Supervisors relied solely on representations made by the City, and did not ask, consider or discuss any of the Library's extensive documentation and evidence which factually and legally contradicted the City's representations. The Law Library's three experts determined that the Library requires at least 30,000 square feet at minimum to serve its users. The Law Library has been housed in 14,000 square feet for 18 years, which is grossly inadequate and there has been insufficient room for the Library's collection and services. Two thirds of its collection was placed in inaccessible storage by the City 18 years ago. The City previously acknowledged that the current location is deficient, although at today's hearing the Director of the Department of Real Estate represented to the supervisors that the current location has been sufficient and adequate to meet the Law Library's needs for the past 18 years. A deeply disappointing day at the Board of Supervisors.
City Ignores 70 Law Library Supporters
Who Testified at City Budget Hearing
March 27, 2013
The September date raises the prospect that a senior senator — Mr. Stevens is the longest-serving Republican in Senate history — will stand trial in the final weeks of what is shaping up to be a highly competitive race for re-election.
“He comes from a generation that believes you go down swinging,” said Ethan Berkowitz, a Democrat who is running for the House seat held by Mr. Stevens's longtime Republican colleague here, Representative Don Young. “That's one of the things that has endeared him to Alaskans and frustrated the rest of America.”
Mr. Stevens, 84, took office in 1968 and his prowess at bringing home billions of dollars in federal money has made him a revered figure in Alaska. But for more than a year he has been connected to a broad federal corruption investigation of links between Republicans in state and federal government and a now-defunct oil services company, VECO.
Even before his indictment, the senator was behind in polls against the leading Democratic challenger, Mayor Mark Begich of Anchorage. And before he gets to the general election, he must win the Republican primary on Aug. 26. He is favored in the primary, but Alaska political experts say his indictment has made that race less certain.
Photo
In Washington, Mr. Sullivan, the senator's lawyer, asked the judge to have the trial moved to Alaska, arguing that 90 percent of the witnesses in the case live there. Prosecutors said they would oppose a change of venue.
Prosecutors said they would need about three weeks to present their case, although Mr. Sullivan said he believed it could take less time. “This is not a complex case,” he said.
Some legal experts interpreted Mr. Stevens's request for a speedy trial as a show of confidence. The indictment says he deliberately did not include gifts of home renovations, furniture, a sport utility vehicle and other items on the annual financial disclosure forms he is required to file as a senator. He has said he paid all the bills he received for the renovations.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“It's going to be a contest over whether he had the intent to conceal this,” said Stanley Brand, a prominent Washington defense lawyer. “Given that he paid for some of it, I don't think that's in dispute. He has a defense to put forth to a jury, and to some extent, that's going to undercut the government's contention that he intended to conceal all this.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Unlike with a bribery charge, Mr. Brand said, the government is not expected to try to prove that Mr. Stevens had corrupt relationships with VECO executives and employees.
“No one is going to convict him for just failing to file his financial reports,” Mr. Brand said.
Mr. Stevens was not required to post bond, but the judge agreed with the prosecutors' request that he surrender his passport.
“It doesn't surprise me that he would never go down without a fight,” Alaska's governor, Sarah Palin, a Republican, said of the senator in a telephone interview.
Ms. Palin and other Republicans, as well as Democrats, have been hesitant to criticize Mr. Stevens even as they have distanced themselves from Mr. Young, who also is being investigated for corruption. Ms. Palin has supported Lt. Gov. Sean Parnell's challenge to Mr. Young in the Republican primary, and Republicans hope to hold onto that seat in the general election.
While Mr. Stevens has Republican challengers, the greater concern among Republicans is that his seat will go to Mr. Begich. That may add to the wariness of criticizing Mr. Stevens.
“Two days after an indictment coming down, it's premature for me to say he needs to step down,” Ms. Palin said of Mr. Stevens. “But I do believe Alaskans are craving for change.”
(Oprah.com) -- 1. Walk away from bargains
Just because you can buy a cashmere sweater for $20 or three bottles of ketchup for the price of one doesn't mean you should. "Ask, 'Do I have something similar?' and 'Where am I going to store it?' before making a purchase," advises New York City professional organizer Julie Morgenstern, author of "Shed Your Stuff, Change Your Life."
2. Make peace with imperfection
Efficient people give "A-level effort" to the most important projects (say, work assignments or a kitchen redesign), and for the rest they do just enough to get the job done, says Renae Reinardy, PsyD, a psychologist who specializes in hoarding disorders. Maybe you give yourself permission to bring store-bought cookies to a school bake sale or donate a bag of stuff -- unsorted! -- to Goodwill. "Trying to do every task perfectly is the easiest way to get bogged down," says Reinardy.
Oprah.com: How to stop trying to be perfect all the time
3. Never label anything "miscellaneous"
You put a bunch of things into a file or box and write this catchall across the front. "But within a week you've forgotten what's in there," says Morgenstern. Instead, sort items into specific groups -- "electric bills," "lightbulbs," and so on.
4. Schedule regular decluttering sessions
Rather than wait until an industrious mood strikes (we all know where that leads), have a decluttering routine in place -- whether it's spending 15 minutes sorting mail after work or tackling a new project every Sunday afternoon.
Oprah.com: Peter Walsh's 3 rules for getting organized this summer
5. Stick with what works
"I have clients who will try every line of makeup, every cell phone -- it's exhausting," says Dorothy Breininger, president of the Delphi Center for Organization. Don't waste time (and money) obsessively seeking out the best thing.
6. Create a dump zone
Find a space to corral all the stuff that you don't have time to put away the moment you step in the door, says Breininger. Once you're ready to get organized, you won't have to hunt all over the house for the dry cleaning or your child's field trip permission slip.
7. Ask for help
"The organized person is willing to expose herself to short-term embarrassment and call for backup," says Breininger. Which is to say, that elaborate four-course dinner you planned? Change it to a potluck.
Oprah.com: When to ask for help -- and how to do it
8. Separate emotions from possessions
It's healthy to be attached to certain items -- a vase you picked up in Paris, your grandmother's pearls. But holey concert tees or cheap, scuffed earrings your husband gave you years ago? Just let them go.
9. Foresee (and avoid) problems
You wouldn't leave the house on a gray day without an umbrella, right? People who appear to sail through life unruffled apply this thinking to every scenario, says Breininger. Has a cabinet packed with leaning towers of Tupperware? Organized folks will take a few minutes to short-circuit an avalanche before it happens. (In other words, rearranging that cupboard now is easier than chasing after wayward lids as they scatter underneath the fridge.)
10. Know where to donate
It's easier to part with belongings if they're going to a good home. Identify a neighbor's son who fits into your child's outgrown clothes, or choose a favorite charity. "It will save you from searching for the perfect recipient every time you need to unload something," says Morgenstern.
Oprah.com: Where to get rid of everything
Subscribe to O, The Oprah Magazine for up to 75% off the newsstand price. That's like getting 18 issues FREE. Subscribe now!
TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Alabama would take former Notre Dame quarterback Everett Golson if he decided to transfer to the Crimson Tide, a source said Wednesday.
Alabama was one of 10 schools Golson gave to Notre Dame's compliance office as a potential place to play his final year. However, Alabama is skeptical that SEC commissioner Mike Slive, who retires July 1, or commissioner-elect Greg Sankey would grant Golson a waiver to attend an SEC school, a source said.
Golson, who started 23 games for the Irish, graduated last month and is transferring to play his final season at another school. Golson visited Florida State on Monday, Florida on Tuesday and Georgia on Wednesday.
Editor's Picks Schlabach: SEC transfer rules puzzling for Golson Everett Golson graduated from Notre Dame and would have to go through a waiver process, while SEC players dismissed for crimes are welcome at other league schools.
If Golson wants to transfer to an SEC school, he would require a waiver approved by the SEC commissioner because he doesn't meet all the requirements of incoming SEC transfer student-athletes.
The SEC's graduate transfer rule -- 14.1.15.1 -- states the student-athlete must meet seven criteria. Golson would not meet the fourth criterion, 14.1.15.1d, which states: "The student-athlete has not been subject to official university or athletics department disciplinary action at any time during enrollment at any previous collegiate institution (excluding limited discipline applied by a sports team)."
"A waiver is possible, but not easily granted," a source told ESPN last week.
The SEC also restricts student-athletes from transferring to an SEC school with less than two years of eligibility unless their previous school discontinued their sport or without a hardship circumstance.
Golson did not play during the 2013 season after he was suspended from Notre Dame for cheating on a test. He returned to Notre Dame before the 2014 season.
Tanvir Hassan Zoha, 34, security researcher, has gone missing just days after accusing Bangladesh's central bank officials of negligence, which facilitated the theft of over $81 million from the country's oversea accounts.
On February 5, 2016, hackers accessed the accounts of Bangladesh's central bank at the US Federal Reserve Bank in New York and tried to steal $1 billion dollars. Their attempt to transfer the money was thwarted by a simple typo, but not before managing to take $81 million.
In the investigation that followed, security researchers blamed malware and a faulty printer but at the same time said that the Bangladesh central bank officials were also to blame because of weak security procedures. The bank's governor and two deputy governors had to quit their jobs after the scandal.
Security researcher goes missing, possibly kidnapped, if not worse
In a weird turn of events, one of the security researchers who voiced their criticism at the central bank's security measures disappeared on Wednesday night.
Family members are saying that Zoha met with a friend at 11:30 PM on Wednesday night, March 16. While coming home, a jeep pulled in front of their auto-rickshaw, and men separated the two, putting them in two different cars.
Zoha's friend was dumped somewhere in the city (Dhaka) and was able to get home by 02:00 AM, the next day. He then contacted Zoha's family, who said the security researcher never came home.
The next day, family members tried to report the researcher missing, but police officers just kept redirecting them from one police station to another until the family gave up and contacted the media for help.
The media's reports angered Bangladesh's population, who was already annoyed by the fact that government officials almost lost $1 billion of their money. The following day, government officials put out a statement on Zoha's disappearance but did not say much outside the fact that they opened an investigation.
Zoha publicly criticized Bangladesh's central bank
According to BDNews24, Zoha was a former collaborator of Bangladesh's ICT (Information and Communication Technology) Division and worked with various government agencies in the past. It appears that his comments about the Bangladesh central bank cyber-heist were made working as a "shadow investigator" for a security company that family members declined to name.
Answering questions about his own investigation into the central bank's cyber-heist, Zoha said that the "database administrator of the [Bangladesh Bank] server cannot avoid responsibility for such hacking" and that he "noticed apathy about the [server's] security system."
Family members suspect that these comments Zoha made to the press on March 11 are the cause of his disappearance.
UPDATE: On March 19, three days after Zoha was kidnapped, police still have no clues. The Bangla Tribune has also found an interview (in Bengali) in which Zoha had criticized bank officials.
UPDATE 2: Zoha was found by police a week later, loitering the streets, near a railway station, somewhere in the north of Bangladesh's capital, Dhaka.
Well, the Republicans have retaken the Senate from the Democrats, and now that they have, it's time to give it back to its rightful owners...
Join Bill Whittle in his latest Firewall, where he shows how destructive the Progressive Amendments have been -- especially the Seventeenth Amendment. Find out why it matters!
TRANSCRIPT:
Hi everybody, I'm Bill Whittle and this is the Firewall.
Well, the Republicans have retaken the Senate from the Democrats. And now that they have, it's time to give it back. Not to the Democrats. And not even to we, the people. No, now that Republicans have the Senate, it would be nice if actual conservatives lead the fight to return the Senate to its rightful owners.
See these ancient old prudes? These are Progressives. Yes, they were ancient old prudes even back in the Progressive era, around the turn of the last century. Now modern Progressives are a little better exfoliated and botoxed, of course, but they have in common with these proto-Progressives that same fiery look in the eye — which is that genetic defect of getting all excited about telling other people what to do — for their own good, naturally.
((WINK))
The Progressive Era gave us the Progressive Amendments to the Constitution — which, looked at individually, show just how envious Progressives are, how prudish they are, and how tyrannical they are.
The 16th Amendment gave us the income tax, which, when you think about it, doesn't even penalize the rich — which was, of course their goal then as it is today. No, taking income penalizes hard work, and the harder you work, the more you get penalized. So next time you get your paycheck, take a look at the raw amount before withholdings. Thank the Progressives for what you don't take home.
The Eighteenth Amendment — Prohibition — was the first time the Constitution was changed to actually take away a freedom: the freedom to get lit so that you didn't have to listen to these Progressive harpies whine and complain day and night. But this freedom — the God-given freedom to have beer at the end of a hard day — was a little too precious, a little too near-and-dear to give up, so the eighteenth amendment was repealed by the twenty first Amendment. And don't forget that: freedom can come back sometimes — if you miss it enough.
But the real damage was done by the Seventeenth Amendment, changing Article one, section three of the Constitution, which stated that U.S. Senators were to be elected by the legislatures of each state. The Seventeenth Amendment changed that to make US Senators electable by the people of the state.
Democracy! Now the people have a voice in Washington, not just the rich fat cats in the state legislatures! Hooray for democracy! And that is how Progressives steal freedom: they do it in the name of democracy. They're very good at it now: they ought to be — they've had a lot of practice.
Well, first, those fat cats in the legislatures were in fact elected by the people of their state, so there's some democracy for you right there.
But the main problem is, the people already had a voice in Washington: it's called the House of Representatives. They're elected directly by the people, every two years, and the more people a state has, the more representatives that state has in the House.
The Senate was never intended to represent the people. The senate was supposed to represent the states: that's why Wyoming, with roughly five hundred thousand people, has two senators, and California, with roughly seventy-six times as many people — also has two senators.
The Seventeenth Amendment made the Senate utterly redundant. Now it's kind of a retirement home for lifers; the House of Lords with six year terms that get further and further away from the people that elected them and who sit in a sort of royal court being serenaded by special interest groups in DC steakhouses.
The Senate was designed to protect the power of the states because the more power the states have, the less power the Federal government has — and vice versa. But progressives can't leave people alone, you see? They have to take their income, and tell them whether they can drink or not, or what kind of health insurance they have to buy, or how big a soda they can have, and what kind of car to drive and all the rest. And in order to do that, they need the coercive power of central authority — which meant destruction of the power of the states. After all, you can't force people not to gamble, drink, or whore around if they can just move to Nevada!
To paraphrase H.L Menken, that's the Progressive nightmare: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may escape being told what to do.
Our founders weren't the idiots we have in Washington today. They knew what kind of people go into politics — control-freak weenies, that's what kind — and they set up legal and structural barriers to put limits on just how much power jug-eared narcissists, sleazy used-car salesmen and dimwitted botoxed harpies can actually accumulate. We need to get that power back to the states, so that if you don't like the way they roll in Tulsa you can move to San Francisco and visa versa.
We repealed the Eighteenth Amendment — we can repeal the Seventeenth as well, because only the states are powerful enough to stop this Federal government from enforcing that Progressive utopia: a country where anything that is not forbidden is mandatory.
So kick back, relax, have a drink and think it over.
NEW YORK -- One day after Wilmer Flores officially was added to the roster, the Mets again will dip to Triple-A Las Vegas.
Eric Campbell will join the Mets on Saturday from Las Vegas, the team announced.
Courtesy of New York Mets
Eric Campbell is set to join the Mets on Saturday.
The Mets did not announce a corresponding move, but Josh Satin would appear highly likely to be demoted.
Starting Friday with Lucas Duda suffering from suspected food poisoning and unavailable, Satin went 0-for-5. He left the bases loaded in the first inning and two runners in scoring position in the fifth with strikeouts. That dropped Satin to 3-for-28 on the season.
Terry Collins said he expects Duda also to be unavailable Saturday, so Campbell presumably will make his major-league debut against the Phillies at first base.
Campbell, 27, stuck around until the very end of spring training, even going to Montreal with the club for the final exhibition games, even though he was a non-roster invite to camp. He has continued his torrid production with Vegas, hitting .355 with three homers, 24 RBIs and a .442 on-base percentage through 33 games.
Although Campbell has been given limited exposure to second base this season -- and even dabbled at shortstop -- he's really a righty-hitting corner infielder/outfielder.
He's not a kid by any means. Campbell -- a Norwich, Conn., native -- originally was drafted by the Mets in the eighth round in 2008 out of Boston College.
Campbell is not on the 40-man roster, but can take the spot vacated by Omar Quintanilla, who was designated for assignment coinciding with Flores' promotion.
During the Olympic opening ceremonies, NBC apparently stands for Nothing But Commercials.
Viewers took to Twitter to slam the network's frequent commercial breaks Friday night.
https://twitter.com/soniasideup/status/761720610938494976
If frequency of televised commercials were an Olympic sport, @nbc could claim the top podium already. — Andy Smarick (@smarick) August 6, 2016
Thanks NBC for showing the Olympic Opening Ceremony in the short breaks between commercials. #nbcfail pic.twitter.com/8U9suwRozb — Chris Sprague (@Stinkalope) August 6, 2016
Dear #NBC: I wouldn't need idiot commentators to explain narrative of #openingceremony if you actually showed it rather than commercials — Karen (@KarenLE67) August 6, 2016
Matt Drudge even weighed in, tweeting, “5 commercial breaks in first 30 minutes??!! Send some mosquitoes into the NBC booth!” deftly referring to the Zika outbreak in Brazil.
5 commercial breaks in in first 30 minutes??!! Send some mosquitoes into the NBC booth! #OpeningCeremony — MATT DRUDGE (@DRUDGE) August 6, 2016
Others were equally irritated:
@MeredithBlake NBC breaks into parade of commercials with Bermuda. pic.twitter.com/1RINamVYQj — Marc Ryan (@MarcinKeene) August 6, 2016
In the US, NBC managed to splice every two minutes of the ceremony with five minutes of commercials — Benj Edwards (@benjedwards) August 6, 2016
Okay @NBCOlympics @nbc your commercials are getting beyond annoying. What's the best channel to watch the #OpeningCeremony on? — Mundie Moms (@MundieMoms) August 6, 2016
https://twitter.com/TerryDykstra/status/761716495332286464
@NBCOlympics @nbc @NBCSports I hope you're donating the revenue from commercials to rebuild Rio. Ridiculous. — The Rick (@TonTonMacoute13) August 6, 2016
Mediaite notes the first 40 minutes of the Opening Ceremonies included 14 minutes of commercials during six different breaks.
Quebec is getting ready to proceed with an ill advised gun registry, despite the number of protests, the 50,000 signature petition or phone calls to politicians. Quebec's habit of adopting progressive policies at the behest of the right lobby group, will continue.
Public Security Minister Martin Coiteaux even said he's open to amending the gun registry bill to toughen it up.
Canada hasn't had a gun registry for nearly four years. Have we seen an outbreak of gun violence beyond the usual gangs shooting each other with illegal smuggled guns? Like all gun control efforts, Quebec's bill won't fix that or do anything to prevent illegal gun use. It will simply target law abiding gun owners.
As the bill appears set to pass, the Minister hints he may take advice from ill informed activists to add even more unnecessary measures. Anti gun activists wrongly claim guns can be sold privately without confirming the person you're selling to have a valid permit. This is false but the Montreal Gazette and other media report it as fact. From the Gazette:
“Several groups invited to present briefs at the National Assembly during the five days of hearings, including PolySeSouvient and Quebec's directors of public health, urged the minister to close a loophole in the federal legislation that allows someone to sell their firearm without any obligation to check whether the buyer has a valid permit. Isabelle Goupil-Sormany, representing public health directors, and gun control activist Heidi Rathjen argued that check should be mandatory in Quebec's law.”
If they think you can sell a gun to someone in Canada without checking to make sure the person has a gun licence, they should try it. They'd be locked up.
Look at sections 99, 100 and 101 of the criminal code to see the offence and the punishment for selling or transferring a firearm to a person who isn't authorized by the Firearms Act to possess one. You could be looking at 3-5 years in jail.
Transfer without authority
101 (1) Every person commits an offence who transfers a prohibited firearm, a restricted firearm, a non-restricted firearm, a prohibited weapon, a restricted weapon, a prohibited device, any ammunition or any prohibited ammunition to any person otherwise than under the authority of the Firearms Act or any other Act of Parliament or any regulations made under an Act of Parliament.
That seems pretty clear and if these activists, the Quebec Minister and media outlets are going to make wild claims, the least they can do is back them up and maybe read the law.
When selling a gun privately in Canada, you're required to check the licence of the buyer. No licence, no gun. Not sure? Call the Firearms Centre and they'll confirm whether someone has a licence or if the licence is valid.
The Quebec bill isn't aimed at curtailing gun violence but about harassing law abiding gun owners to make owning a gun less inviting. It doesn't stop criminals from getting guns. It's easier to get them on the street than legally any way.
One day gun grabbers might learn these measures are a waste of effort in the wrong direction but I'm not holding my breath on that.
I have spent over 200 hours playing the original version of Binding of Isaac along with its "Wrath of the Lamb" add-on content on PC. You think I might be sick of it by now. Yet after playing the upcoming remake of the game at E3 2014, I'm ready to sit down to another hundred-plus hours.
The first thing I notice when I start my E3 demo is one of the biggest changes to the game: differently-sized rooms. Instead of every room in the game taking the shape of a small square, there are now longer rectangular rooms. This makes it easier for enemies to ambush me as I walk from one end of the room to the other.
Many of the enemies are new as well. In addition to returning Isaac foes, I struggled to defeat a new spider type that crawled through the room, stopping to lay eggs that new spiders could hatch from. Another bug-type enemy clung to the walls of the room, shooting at me from afar.
Of course it's not all bad news for people looking to actually survive the game. Rebirth also contains some new tools to help you fight. I didn't get to experience any new items, but I was able to get a "black heart."
The original game featured red hearts to fill up your health, white hearts that can only be used once, and spirit hearts that become a red heart if you survive a floor with it intact. The black heart that has been added to this list operates similarly to a white heart, but it will actually hurt every enemy in the room when it's depleted, providing a little boost even as you're taking damage.
While I was excited by everything I saw in Binding of Isaac Rebirth, the game has a ways to go before it's finished and ready for the public. I couldn't help but notice that controls were very floaty in the demo I played; rocks that should have filled a space in crevasses simply disappeared; and items collided with each other, ricocheting across the room, over rocks and out of my reach.
The biggest enemy I encountered in Binding of Isaac Rebirth? The timer attached to the E3 2014 demo. For any players skilled enough to survive 15 minutes, the game slowly began ticking away Isaac's health until he died. Another great run ruined, but I'll be first in line to try again (and again and again) when Rebirth comes out later this year.
Miami Dolphins general manager Jeff Ireland suggested offensive tackle Jonathan Martin physically confront guard Richie Incognito -- even saying he should "punch" him -- as a means of dealing with how he was being treated, ProFootballTalk.com reported Wednesday night.
According to the report, which cited multiple league sources, Martin's agent, Rick Smith, called Ireland before his client left the team Oct. 28 and complained about the manner in which the second-year player was being treated by Incognito.
In response, Ireland suggested Martin responds to Incognito physically and specifically mentioned that he should "punch" the veteran guard, the sources told ProFootballTalk.com.
Martin left the Dolphins last week after claims of harassment and misconduct by teammates.
Sources told ESPN on Wednesday that Martin recently checked himself in for a brief stay a South Florida hospital to be treated for emotional distress. The specific treatment of Martin's emotional condition was not disclosed, but sources say it was related to his belief that he had been a target of harassment, including from Incognito.
Multiple sources confirmed to ESPN earlier this week that Incognito used racial epithets and profane language toward Martin on multiple occasions. In a transcript of a voice mail message from April, Incognito referred to Martin as a "half n----- piece of s---."
Dolphins GM Jeff Ireland reportedly suggested Jonathan Martin get physical with Richie Incognito. Steve Mitchell/USA TODAY Sports
The 6-foot-3, 319-pound Incognito, a ninth-year pro, is white. The 6-foot-5, 312-pound Martin is biracial.
The Dolphins suspended Incognito indefinitely for conduct detrimental to the team Sunday night.
The NFL is investigating the troubled relationship between Martin and Incognito. One of the pivotal questions being posed by both the league and the NFL Players Association is whether Martin reached out to coach Joe Philbin as the issues were unfolding.
Sources told ESPN that the NFLPA is calling for a meeting with the agents for Martin and Incognito to discuss how the controversy is damaging both players.
Martin, meanwhile, remains in California, preparing a detailed document for his cooperation with the league's investigation into a string of alleged multiple incidents he says led to his emotional distress and exit from the team, sources said.
Information from ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter, ESPN senior NFL analyst Chris Mortensen and ESPN.com Dolphins reporter James Walker was used in this report.
Few people see children as a threat but it seems racial stereotypes can change that.
A new study has found stereotypes linking black men with violence and criminality can result in black children as young as five being identified as dangerous.
White people taking part in the research were more likely to misidentify a toy as a weapon after seeing the face of a black five-year-old boy, compared to a white youngster.
Racial stereotypes are so deep-seated they trigger biases that lead to black children as young as five being considered as a threat, according to new research. In a series of tests, images of black children caused a panel of white college students to identify weapons in subsequent images more readily than toys (stock image)
Dr Andrew Todd, a psychologist at the University of Iowa who led the research, said the findings show racial stereotypes can produce a deep-seated bias in people's perception of others.
He believes these can unintentionally influence behaviour even if a person believes they are not racist.
'Our findings suggest that, although young children are typically viewed as harmless and innocent, seeing faces of five-year-old Black boys appears to trigger thoughts of guns and violence,' Dr Todd said.
ARE YOU A SECRET RACIST? While few people would readily admit to being racist, it seems most of us are far more prejudiced than we realise. In a recent study examining how people build up a picture of someone based on their name, researchers discovered participants tended to imagine men with stereotypically black names as bigger and more violent. The researchers found unknown black men were often seen as being of similar status to an unknown white male who have been convicted of assault. Perhaps most surprisingly, those who were taking part in the study were claimed to be predominantly liberal.
'One of the most pernicious stereotypes of Black Americans, particularly black men, is that they are hostile and violent.
'So pervasive are these threat-related associations that they can shape even low-level aspects of social cognition.'
In the study, published in the journa Psychological Science, Dr Todd and his colleagues showed 64 white college students images of children's faces before pictures of toys or weapons.
They were told the first image was merely a signal that the second image was about to appear and they were to concentrate as identifying the second image as a toy, such as a rattle, or a gun as quickly as possible.
The children's faces included six images of black five-year-old boys and six images of white five-year-old boys.
The researchers found the students tended to be quicker at recognising guns after seeing a black child's face than the face of a white child.
They also more often mistakenly categorised toys as weapons after seeing pictures of the black boys.
But they also mistook weapons for toys after seeing a white child's face.
The researchers said their findings demonstrate that racial stereotypes trigger deep-seated biases in people's perception of others. Although children are often seen as being innocent, if they had black skin they were seen as more likely to be associated with weapons (stock picture shown) than white children
It demonstrates that black skin colour has become so associated with violence that it causes people to more readily link the two together, even when it is incorrect.
A second set of experiments saw white students shown the faces of both children and adults before categorising a second image of either a tool or a gun.
Again, after seeing a black face regardless of age, there was a bias for categorising objects as weapons.
Threat related words including violent, dangerous, hostile and aggressive were also more strongly associated with images of black boys than white boys.
Dr Todd said the findings also appear to be reflected in the real-world, which is what inspired the research.
He said: 'In this case, it was the alarming rate at which young African Americans - particularly young black males - are shot and killed by police in the US.
So, I was waiting for the UPS man today. I was waiting for the last gift I had ordered for my mom to arrive. I knew it was coming today. So, imagine my surprise when he had TWO packages, and one had my Reddit Username on it!!
The note said "Sorry for the lack of personal touch." Ummm, lack of personal touch?! This is BEAUTIFUL! Straight off of my wishlist, I am SO HAPPY! A drink shaker all to myself, because I have officially left the Mormon Church and am I going to enjoy learning some new drink recipes (feel free to share your favorite at the bottom) and I got an awesome silicon musical note ice tray which will be PERFECT for my musicology parties!
Thank you again! I love it and cannot WAIT to try it because it was AWESOME!! What a happy surprise!
Sixto Rodriguez may be longing for the days when his life was a little more simple.
The enigmatic singer-songwriter turned his back on a musical career after releasing only two albums in the early 1970s. For nearly 40 years he was largely unknown throughout the world until Swedish filmmaker Malik Bendjelloul tracked him down for his 2012 documentary Searching for Sugar Man.
Legal strife ... Sixto Rodriguez, who was featured in the Oscar-winning documentary Searching for Sugar Man, is caught in a battle over his music.
The film went on to win an Oscar, interest in Rodriguez rocketed and his musical career was reborn.
This month, however, may have been among the most difficult of the singer's life. Two weeks ago, the man who inadvertently kick-started his comeback, Bendjelloul, committed suicide. And now Rodriguez faces legal woes over claims he breached his songwriter deal in the 1960s.
At the smallest scales, everything in the universe can be broken down into fundamental morsels called particles. The Standard Model of particle physics—the reigning theory of these morsels—describes a small collection of known species that combine in myriad ways to build the matter around us and carry the forces of nature. Yet physicists know that these particles cannot be all there is—they do not account for the dark matter or dark energy that seem to contribute much of the universe's mass, for example. Now two experiments have observed particles misbehaving in ways not predicted by any known laws of physics, potentially suggesting the existence of some new type of particle beyond the standard zoo. The results are not fully confirmed yet, but the fact that two experiments colliding different types of particles have seen a similar effect, and that hints of this behavior also showed up in 2012 at a third particle collider, has many physicists animated. “It's really bizarre,” says Mark Wise, a theorist at the California Institute of Technology who was not involved in the experiments. “The discrepancy is large and it seems like it's on very sound footing. It's probably the strongest, most enduring deviation we've seen from the Standard Model.” Finding such a crack in the Standard Model is exciting because it suggests a potential path toward expanding the model beyond those particles currently known.
The eyebrow-raising results come from the LHCb experiment at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in Switzerland and the Belle experiment at the High Energy Accelerator Research Organization (KEK) in Japan. Both observed an excess of certain types of leptons compared to others produced when particles called B mesons (made of a bottom quark and an antiquark) decay. Leptons are a category of particles that includes electrons, as well as their heavier cousins muons and taus. A Standard Model principle known as lepton universality says that all leptons should be treated equally by the weak interaction, the fundamental force responsible for radioactive decay. But when the experiments observed a large number of B meson decays, which should have produced equal numbers of electrons, muons and taus among their final products (after the different masses of the particles are taken into account), the decays actually made more taus.
Atom smashing
The LHC collides protons with protons, whereas the Belle accelerator smashes electrons into their antimatter counterpart, positrons. Both types of collisions sometimes result in B mesons, however, allowing each to measure the end products when the unstable mesons decay. In a paper published in the September 11 issue of Physical Review Letters, the LHCb team announced that they had observed a potential excess of taus about 25 to 30 percent greater than the frequency predicted by the Standard Model. Belle saw a similar, but less pronounced, effect, in data reported in a paper under review at Physical Review D. Both teams shared their findings in May at the Flavor Physics & CP Violation 2015 conference in Nagoya, Japan.
Intriguingly, both results also agree with earlier findings from 2012 (and expanded on in 2013) made by the BaBar experiment at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory in Menlo Park, Calif. “By itself neither the Belle result nor the LHCb result is significantly off from the Standard Model,” says Belle team member Tom Browder of the University of Hawaii, who is also spokesperson of its successor project, Belle II. “Together with BaBar we can make a ‘world average' (combining all results), which is 3.9 sigma off from the Standard Model.” Sigma refers to standard deviations—a statistical measurement of a divergence—and the usual threshold among physicists for declaring a discovery is five sigmas. Although a 3.9 sigma difference does not quite hit the mark, it indicates that the chance of this effect occurring randomly is just 0.011 percent. “Right now we have three suggestive but not yet conclusive hints of an extremely interesting effect,” says theorist Zoltan Ligeti of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, who was not involved in the experiments. “We should know the answer definitively in a few years” as the experiments collect more data.
If the discrepancy is real, rather than a statistical fluke, researchers will then face the tough challenge of figuring out what it means. “This effect is really not the kind that most physicists would have expected,” Ligeti says. “It is not easy to accommodate in the most popular models. In that sense it is quite surprising.”
For instance, the darling of so-called “new physics,” or beyond-the-Standard-Model, ideas—supersymmetry—does not usually predict an effect quite like this. Supersymmetry posits a host of undiscovered particles to mirror the ones already known. Yet none of its predicted particles easily produce this kind of violation of lepton universality. “I don't think at this point we can say that this points to supersymmetry,” says Hassan Jawahery, a physicist at the University of Maryland and a member of the LHCb collaboration, “but it doesn't necessarily violate supersymmetry.”
Yet if the signal is real, then some kind of new particle is probably implicated. In all B meson decays, at one point a heavier “virtual” particle is created and then quickly disappears—a strange phenomenon allowed by quantum mechanics. In the Standard Model this virtual particle is always a W boson (a particle that carries the weak force), which interacts equally with all leptons. But if the virtual particle were something more exotic that interacts with each lepton differently, depending on its mass, then more taus could be created at the end because taus are the heaviest leptons (and thus might interact more strongly with the virtual particle).
New Higgs or leptoquark?
One potentially appealing candidate for the virtual particle is a new type of Higgs boson that would be heavier than the particle discovered to much fanfare in 2012 at the LHC. The known Higgs boson is thought to give all other particles their mass. The new Higgs, in addition to being heavier than this known particle, would have other differing qualities—for example, to affect the B meson decays, it would have to have electromagnetic charge, where the known Higgs has none. “It would mean that the one Higgs we found so far is not the only one that is responsible for generating the mass for all the particles,” Jawahery says. Supersymmetry, in fact, predicts additional Higgs bosons beyond the one we know. Yet in most formulations of the model, these predicted Higgs particles would not create a discrepancy as large as the one showing up in the experiments.
Another option is an even more exotic hypothetical particle called a leptoquark—a composite of a quark and a lepton, which has never been seen in nature. This particle, too, would interact more strongly with the tau than the muon and the electron. “Leptoquarks can occur very naturally in certain types of models,” Ligeti says. “But there is no reason to expect them to be as low-mass as what would be needed to explain these data. I think most theorists would not consider these models particularly compelling right now.”
In fact, all of the explanations theorists can think of so far for the observations leave something to be desired—and do not do much to solve any of the larger outstanding problems of physics, such as the question of what makes dark matter or dark energy. “There's nothing nice about these models—they're just sort of cooked up to explain this fact, not to get at the trouble with other facts,” Wise says. “But just because the theorists are not comfortable with it, nature will do what nature does.”
There is also a chance, albeit slim, that physicists have incorrectly calculated the Standard Model's predictions, and that the reigning rules still apply. “It's possible the Standard Model calculation is not correct, but recent calculations have not revealed any serious problem there,” says Michael Roney of the University of Victoria in Canada, spokesperson for the BaBar Experiment. “It is also conceivable that the experiments have missed some more conventional explanation, but the experimental conditions at LHCb and BaBar are very different. In BaBar we have been continuing to mine our data in different ways but the effect persists.”
Physicists are optimistic the mystery will be sorted out soon with more data. In April the LHC started running collisions at higher energy, which for LHCb translates to more B mesons produced, and more chances to look for the discrepancy. Belle, meanwhile, is planning an upgraded experiment with an improved detector called Belle II scheduled to start collecting data in 2018. Both experiments should eventually find more data to confirm the effect, or see it fizzle if it was a statistical fluke. “If it is there then we have a huge program ahead of us for the next decade to study it in even more detail,” Jawahery says. “By then we would hopefully know what it also means, not just that it is there.”
A California restaurant chain called the Broken Yolk Cafe is suing Robert's Broken Yolk of Malden in an attempt to make it change its name - and to pay for the "irreparable injury" the chain's reputation has suffered from the alleged name poaching.
The Broken Yolk Cafe, whose motto is a Trumpian "We've Got Huevos," claims the small Broadway eatery is scrambling consumers' perceptions and egging people on to think they're getting the authentic Broken Yolk experience in Malden when they're not. And never mind the nearest Broken Yolk Cafe outlet to Malden is in Arizona, because, as the chain explains in its complaint, filed this week in US District Court in Boston, "many of the restaurant's customers at its locations are tourists who seek out and identify the restaurant's services through BYC's national advertising," and we all know how popular Malden is on the travel circuit these days.
Also, Robert's Broken Yolk is violating "the common law of California," the chain says, adding it initially offered to go over easy with the eatery and let it just change its name, but that Robert's really fried them by refusing to give up the name. Now the chain has scotched that offer and wants lots of money in damages, plus, of course, repayment for all the legal help it's had to shell out for.
There is a place with a wind speed recorded at 231mph, where the temperature is known to hit 50 degrees below zero, and where 137 fatalities have been recorded on its premises. The temperature can drop from 75 degrees to 35 degrees in a couple of hours. Here, on the right day in the right place, you can wake up with your head in the clouds — literally. Chances are, as you're imagining this place – even if you read the title – your mental image does not conjure New Hampshire. That's too bad, because if you haven't visited New Hampshire's White Mountains, it's time to start planning your next big outing.
Mount Washington
Mount Washington is the tallest mountain in the northeast United States at 6,288 feet. Washington is home to crazy weather patterns and an unpredictable climate that give it a dangerous edge. That's not to say this mountain isn't accessible though, and in fact its accessibility is both a blessing and a curse. Mount Washington, unlike the surrounding mountains, has several different ways to access its peak — hiking, driving, and even a railroad – giving just about anyone access to the summit. It's great that anyone can get there and see things they may otherwise never have the chance to see, but this also means that on the wrong day this is the kind of mountain where you're going to be waiting in line to photograph the summit sign. Whether or not the spot is touristy, it's absolutely worth the trip up on a clear day to see the 70-mile-plus visibility in all directions. I focused on the Auto Road up the mountain for this particular trip; it's a 7.6-mile toll road lacking guardrails and even, in some places, lacking pavement, with an average 11.6% grade and in some spots hardly enough space for oncoming cars to pass one another. The warning at the base of the mountain to use only low gears, to stop to cool your brakes, and that if you don't like heights to brace yourself is not a joke. This road will stress your vehicle, and in rare cases ruin it. An example is the Volkswagen I saw come down the road on a flatbed, completely burnt to a crisp from a transmission failure. Even the newest of vehicles smells like burning brakes descending the mountain, never mind my nearly 16-year-old
Jeep
which has now conquered the road twice. It is an expensive toll at $29 per vehicle and an additional fee per passenger, but a rewarding and thrilling experience and definitely worth a trip.
Where to Camp?
The Whites are full of places to camp, have a nice fire, and cook some delicious food on the flames or the stove. My go-to spot is the Dolly Copp campground. It is a big campground, but all the spots are quiet and fairly private, and the entire campground is set back off the highway, keeping noise minimal (though that means there are very few “scenic” sites, most are just heavily wooded). The campground has bathrooms with electricity and water (except for the reservation-only side, Barnes Field, where the outhouses will make your eyes water and nose burn). Rates are average at $22 per night, and in my experience a good value. Firewood and ice are sold at the gatehouse for a reasonable price. The campground is currently under construction in parts to add more facilities, such as showers and more electrical hookups for RVs. Its location is also right in the heart of the national forest, meaning you're just a short drive or hike away from the seemingly endless mountains, waterfalls, trails, and scenic spots.
If you're looking to get out of the heart of the national forest, places like Jericho Mountain State Park and Crawford Notch also offer camping. While I haven't personally stayed at either, I've been told positive things about both – definitely worth a look. While I can't specify an exact location on this, if you're in a pinch and need to camp quickly or for some reason can find no availability, heading a bit north of Gorham and east of Jericho Mountain State Park will prove beneficial – but make sure you've got 4-wheel drive and that you put away all of your food items at night.
Where to Eat?
The White Mountains offer a good variety of places to eat, from stereotypical breakfast joints to organic, gluten-free grocers. I'm the kind of traveler who tends to pack and make my own food out on the road, eating light breakfasts in camp, skipping lunch for travel, and then concocting a nice little dinner in camp later at night, so I don't spend a lot of time in “official restaurants.” But I'm a big coffee fan, so I spend a lot of time checking out coffee roasters and coffee shops on the road, some doubling as small eateries. If you're passing through North Conway, you can't go wrong with The Met and Frontside Grind. The Met doubles as an art gallery, with a nice “classic hotel” vibe inside. Sitting down in a comfy Victorian chair to enjoy an excellent maple latte and admire some of the local art and photography was definitely far from a detriment to my trip, not to mention they roast their own coffee and offer up some gelato and crepes. Frontside Grind is another coffee roasting company just across the street from The Met. Frontside has a much more modern vibe, and is still a great stop for a nicely made cup of coffee on the road, though the next time I pass through North Conway I see myself spending more time at The Met, even though Frontside offers a more expansive food menu including bagels, sandwiches, and salads. Farther into the Mountains, in Gorham, is my personal favorite spot, White Mountain Café and Bookstore. This café serves up bagels, sandwiches, wraps, soups, quiche, and even classic baked goods, including muffins, scones, croissants, cookies, and cakes. Put all of that within easy driving distance of the Dolly Copp Campground, add some surprisingly good prices and a great cup of coffee (not to mention sodas and all kinds of other beverages), and you've got yourself what is essentially a no-brainer stop if you're in the Whites. After or during your meal there, grab a book or a map from the adjacent bookstore or take advantage of the Wi-Fi and outlets to get caught up on all that picture review and editing you're going to need to do after exploring such a great region of New England.
Where to Explore and What to Do?
The White Mountains offer an almost ridiculous range of things to do, including hiking, backpacking, kayaking, canoeing, camping and, of course, overlanding. If you're looking for a quick and easy hike, Glen Ellis Falls provides one, with stairs for accessibility, that'll take you to a beautiful cascade nearly 70 feet tall in one of the valleys. It's an incredible sight and definitely worth a visit. If you're looking for something a little more ambitious, consider hiking one of the New Hampshire 4,000-footers, or take on one of the Presidential Mountains: Madison, Adams, Washington, Jefferson, Monroe, etc. I had the privilege of hiking Mount Madison via the Airline Trail alongside the University of New England Outing Club. While it's manageable to summit Madison and return in one day if you start early, the Outing Club and I stayed in the Appalachian Mountain Club Hut overnight. While a little pricey and by reservation only, a night in the hut is worth its weight in gold. In season you will have delicious meals prepared for you, warm coffee and cocoa, and a bunk with mattress, wool blankets, and a pillow. The following morning we experienced iconic White Mountain weather – a toasty temperature of zero degrees with wind chill, and winds ranging from 30 to 50mph at the summit. Regardless, the Outing Club and I braved the weather and summited Madison, a hike definitely worth experiencing. You can also find some decent areas to put in some off-pavement mileage in the Whites. For the sake of the protection of the trails and routes out there, I will not give exact locations, but the farther north you go the more luck you will have in hunting down some nice routes. Contact groups like ExploringNH and Northeast Overland and they will lead you to some excellent spots to get all four tires spinning off pavement.
If you haven't already, start planning your overland escapade out into the Whites and New England in general. The Whites have more than enough for a weekend or longer adventure and are sure to treat you and your rig, and even the family, well.
Author – Max Ablicki is an 18-year-old adventure and overland enthusiast who has explored more than 15,00 miles of New England from the highways to the trails. Max has finished two New England trips, one a 700-mile loop of New England reaching Massachusetts, Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine, and the second trip being a 500-mile tour of the northern New England hot spots such as the White Mountains and Acadia National Park. You can see more of Max's adventures and photography on Instagram via @ablicki.
* OutdoorX4 Magazine – Promoting responsible 4×4 adventure travel and outdoor recreation
About
"How I wish I have a pair of roller skate to get there!" I think most of us have had such idea multiple times in our life, when you go shopping, when you are walking from your parking lot to your office, when you are walking to somewhere that the distance not worth driving.
Now we have THE solution! This is the real revolution of personal transportation! This is for hardworking, fun seeking, active young boys and girls. This is also for those moms and dads, who love to be active, to be enthusiastic, to be young!
A pair of roller skates attached to your legs and concealed under your pants, which can be used whenever you want to ride the wind and be hidden when you want to walk on your feet.
It is mainly composed of a wheel, a foldable pedal and mechanical parts to realize its function. There are generally two ways to realize this invention. One is a "folding" mechanism and the other is a "piston" mechanism. My video helps illustrate both ways.
There are convenient roller skates, some even with power on the market, but all of them is not convenient enough. You always have to carry them in a bag when not using it. Obviously, you can not carry them with you all the time and use them whenever you need. My invention completely changes this situation. Now you have something you can choose to conceal under your pants, that goes with you anywhere, and ready to ride at any time.
Finally, the most expected distribution in Linux World, Ubuntu 13.10 ‘Saucy Salamander' final has been released, there is no official release announcement yet , but the download page of Saucy has been updated with the final packages. Just like most of you, We also expected it very long. This awesome distribution has come with plenty of new features and improvements.
Download
Download Ubuntu 13.10 ‘Saucy Salamander'
If you have already a previous release of Ubuntu, and want to upgrade to the latest 13.10 version, then please follow our step-by-step guide upgrade to Ubuntu 13.10 Saucy Salamander.
You can also Download the Getting Started Manual from the following link.
Getting Started With Ubuntu 13.10
What's New in Ubuntu 13.10?
– Kernel 3.11
– Unity 7
– Search hundreds of different online sources directly from the Dash.
– Filter Dash results in several different ways.
– Smart Scopes
– Add or remove scopes from the Dash to customize your experience.
– Browse messages from your social networks with the new Friends scope.
– Comes with the latest OpenStack cloud platform (Code name: Havana).
– Enhanced support for Linux Containers (LXC).
– Get work done in style with LibreOffice 4.0, now with new, modern presentation templates and built-in support for Ubuntu's integrated menu bar.
Install steps of Ubuntu 13.10 for Newbies
Press Continue:
Choose the first option and continue:
Here we have 3 options:
1- Install Ubuntu alongside them, this mean if you have windows installed on your hard drive, ubuntu will be installed alongside windows.
2- Erase Disk and install Ubuntu : Be careful because choosing this option will erase all the data on your hard disk. Only use it if you are testing in an old computer or if you have an empty hard drive
3- Something else: You can use this option if you have many partitions on your hard drive, use the empty one then to install Ubuntu
If you chose “something else” in the previous screen, You will get this screen, as you see in my case i chooses the free space on my hard disk : Choose your language: Enter your name, username, password …etc. If you don`t have an Ubuntu One account, choose “Login Later”. Installation will start now. Now installation is done. Press reboot and enjoy the new release of Ubuntu 13.10 Saucy Salamander. Ok, you have successfully installed Ubuntu 13.10, What's now? Well, We have made a comprehensive guide about Top things to do after installing Ubuntu 13.10 Saucy Salamander. This guide will help you to enhance Ubuntu 13.10 further for day to day activities and it contains a lot of interesting insight and ideas about what you can and should do after a successful installation.
Still having some issues? well, don't hesitate to contact us via our brand-new forum or IRC chat channel.
Cheers!!
With no less than three major magazines this month covering Iceland, we turned to writer Jonas Moody — an American who has lived on the island for the past seven years — to help us parse some of the more interesting reportage.
Since Iceland's financial collapse, it seems like every media outlet on the face of the earth has trekked out here. Much of the coverage accurately reflects our terrible situation, like Ian Parker's recent piece in The New Yorker. But with only 320,000 people on this frozen rock in the middle of the Atlantic, a journalist might be left wanting for more drama, sob stories, or quirky anecdotes. And that's when journalism can start toeing a farcical line.
Take, for instance, Michael Lewis's recent Vanity Fair piece, “Wall Street on the Tundra.” Lewis is a legend of financial writing, and he also happens to be quite entertaining. In that respect, the article doesn't disappoint: His is a wild account of a backwards Nordic island populated by “lumpy” and “inbred” people who might force you to shower in scalding water or, worse, blow up a Range Rover. If you didn't know any better, you'd think we were a sitcom waiting to happen.
Unfortunately, none of this is exactly true. If you want to get the story right, the article's more colorful details deserve a reality check. Some standouts:
1. “People are hoarding food and cash and blowing up their new Range Rovers for the insurance.”
The national diet of sheep heads and cod certainly has gotten more expensive, but no one is hoarding food. Likewise, there has been no run on the banks. Besides, the nation puts 99 percent of retail transactions on plastic anyway — from parking meters to hot-dog vendors. Consumers wouldn't know what to do with hoarded cash, nor would the teenagers running the registers.
2. Lewis describes “unsettling explosions” outside his hotel room, which he later infers are the result of Range Rover owners who are so desperate to get out from under their car loans that they “set it on fire and collect the insurance: Boom!”
To Lewis's credit, there was a news story some time ago about a string of mysterious car fires — but how a well-timed fireball will make one's inflated car loan disappear remains a mystery. We're still lacking that essential step that gets one from “loud bang” to “Range Rovers exploding.” But needless to say, car bombs are not yet a fixture in the Reykjavík soundscape.
3. Iceland's geothermic water is so hot that when municipal work is being done on the cold-water pipes, sometimes people are “boiled alive” in the shower.
Granted, the warm water stinks like bad eggs and there's an endless supply of it. But it's not like the Icelanders run it directly from the volcanoes. Moreover, Reykjavík's water-utility company says that even if the cold-water pipes are turned off, it's impossible for the water coming out of a shower to ever exceed 70°C.
4. Most Icelanders look “mousy-haired and lumpy.”
What is this guy's problem?
5. “Icelanders are among the most inbred human beings on earth — geneticists often use them for research.”
Now this is insulting. Icelanders' DNA shows their roots to be a healthy mix between Nordic Y chromosomes and X chromosomes from the British Isles. The reason genetic-research company deCODE uses Icelandic genes for its research is not because the codes are so homogeneous, but because the population has kept excellent genealogical records dating back thousands of years.
6. “There are only about 9 surnames in Iceland.”
There are closers to 1,700 recognized surnames in the national registry.
7. “If they fill out a form, they can start their own cult and receive a subsidy.”
Okay, fine: If a religious group is registered with the Icelandic state, it can apply for funding based on the size of its congregation. But the group has to convince a committee — including a university theologist and sociologist — that it is an established organization with cultural or historical roots. So they're not just handing out money at the door to every phony cult.
8. The nation has to deal with “elves — in whom some large number of Icelanders, steeped long and thoroughly in their rich folkloric culture, sincerely believe.” Alcoa, an aluminum-smelting multinational with operations outside of Reykjavík, had to “defer to a government expert to scour the enclosed plant site and certify that no elves were on or under it.”
Right. I've heard the elf thing mentioned in tired travel articles (normally wedged between paragraphs on the beauty of waterfalls and tips for eating ram testicles), but I personally know no one on this island who believes in elves. Not one. As for Alcoa, their rep believes Lewis is likely referring to a law regarding environmental-impact assessments. The assessment includes an archaeological survey to ensure no important artifacts or ruins are destroyed, and the site's history is also surveyed to see if it was ever named in any Icelandic folklore. And yes, some of that folklore involves elves. But if you're going to introduce the notion that some kind of Ministry of Elf Inspection exists within the ranks of the Icelandic government, you might as well also note that we take the Hogwart's Express to the office every day.
Editor's Note: Vanity Fair has responded to this article in the comments (page four).
The White House is on a tear with major internet issues this winter. After two other speeches this week in which the President called for stronger consumer data protections and stronger cybersecurity laws, today President Obama will deliver remarks in Iowa singing the praises of municipal broadband and asking the FCC to do away with the laws that block them.
In a video (at the bottom of this post) and a statement, President Obama describes how municipal networks in places like Cedar Falls, Iowa and Chattanooga, Tennessee have promoted competition and consumer choice and proven to be a boon for the local economy. The conclusion? Communities all over the nation need access to better, faster, more competitive internet services and public networks are a good way to do it.
Of course, 19 states have laws on the books blocking the building or expansion of municipal broadband. Those laws are in large part thanks to incumbent ISPs, which spend lots of time and money sponsoring, writing, and lobbying for them.
The FCC has been mulling over the possibility of preempting — overruling and cancelling out — those laws since last summer. FCC chair Tom Wheeler said in June that communities should be able to create municipal networks as they see fit. Shortly afterward, communities in Tennessee and North Carolina wishing to expand their existing municipal fiber networks filed petitions with the FCC asking the commission to overrule their respective states' bans so they could do so.
The Obama administration will be filing a letter with the FCC formally opposing the broadband-blocking laws and asking the commission to “join this effort by addressing barriers inhibiting local communities from responding to the broadband needs of their citizens.”
The White House also announced grants, loans, and other programs to support the expansion of publicly-owned broadband networks in badly underserved rural areas, as well as a Community Broadband Summit (to be held in June) and a new Department of Commerce program to support broadband adoption.
The official statement from the Administration echoes what we've heard time and time again: the issue with broadband adoption and quality in the U.S. is not one of demand, but of competition — or rather, the absence of it. Even cities with fiber-optic cables running beneath their streets are often letting them sit dark while a monopoly or duopoly provides whatever service it feels like at whatever price it demands.
You can watch the short preview of the President's remarks here:
On Aug. 5, the Bowie Baysox are having their annual Football Kickoff Party. This year's main attraction will be a dunk booth. Featuring Vinny Cerrato.
“We anticipate there'll be a lot of Redskins fans out here to watch that or participate in that,” assistant GM Phil Wrye told me.
I agree.
Here's how it happened:
The team has a long-standing relationship with Baltimore's 105.7 The Fan, where Cerrato is now a host. So the Baysox approached the station about sponsoring the football event, and Wrye threw out various ideas, including the Cerrato dunk tank. The former Redskins executive agreed, and actually “loved the idea,” Wrye told me.
“We're really happy he's being a good sport, and he has just been a lot of fun to work with and get it done,” Wrye said. “We don't want the event to be mean-spirited or vindictive; we just want people to come out, have fun, donate to a good charity, and get a chance to say, ‘Hey, I got to get my frustration out. I got to wear my Redskins jersey, dunk Vinny and tell everybody about it at work the next day.”
About that “good charity” part: the event will benefit the Jimmy V Foundation, a group Cerrato does work with. That charity was chosen in consultation with Cerrato and 105.7 The Fan. The dunk tank sales will benefit the foundation, and a special online ticketing portal will be set up, with a portion of the sales from that portal also going to the Jimmy V Foundation.
The event is already on the team's pocket schedule and online ticketing page, although it will be formally announced in the next week or two. Wrye said Cerrato has been “easy-going” throughout, and repeatedly praised the former Skins exec for willing to poke fun at himself.
“For a chance to help out a charity that he's involved with, he's a real good sport about it,” Wrye said. “We're hoping people get a chance to have some fun with him. I don't know how many former executive VPs of football teams would do that, but he is, and we're happy he is.”
(Eternal thanks to John McNamara for the tip.)
Speaking to journalists today, Israeli Brigadier General Hertzi Halevy predicted another Israeli invasion of Lebanon would come soon, likely following in the wake of the collapse of the Assad regime in Syria.
Israelis promising another invasion of Lebanon is hardly news, of course, and the real meat of the interview comes when Halevy promised bloody attacks on dense populated areas, adding that “the damage will be enormous.”
“The Goldstone report will pale in comparison to what will be here next time,” Halevy said, referring to the 2009 UN report faulting Israeli war crimes in the Gaza Strip and documenting the large number of civilians killed.
Israel last invaded Lebanon in summer of 2006, killing a large number of civilians including some particularly ugly incidents involving killing scores of children in Qana and bombing of a house full of Canadian civilians who were vacationing at the time of the invasion.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Story highlights Port Authority police set up a sting at New York's JFK Airport
Passengers were complaining of electronic devices being taken from luggage
Two iPads were planted in a checked bag as part of the sting
A TSA screener was arrested after, police say, the iPads were found in his backpack
A veteran airport screener at New York's JFK Airport has been charged with grand larceny after he allegedly stole two iPads that were planted in a checked bag as part of a police sting.
Port Authority police initiated the sting after passengers complained of electronic devices being taken from luggage.
While the case highlights a recurring problem of theft at Transportation Security Administration checkpoints, one law enforcement official said it illustrates an even bigger threat.
"If they (an unscrupulous employee) can be taking stuff out of bags, what can they be putting in? That's a serious issue," said the official, who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to talk about the case.
In the JFK incident, there was no suggestion that anything other than attempted theft was involved.
Police said a "decoy bag" was placed among checked luggage at Terminal 4 at JFK on Tuesday.
Police later stopped the screener as he was leaving work on board the airport's AirTrain system. In his backpack, police found the two planted iPads that had been in the decoy bag. They also found in his possession other electronic devices and earphones that had been reported stolen from luggage, and additional stolen items in his home.
Port Authority police identified the man as Sean Henry, 32, of Brooklyn, and said he had been a TSA screener for 10 years.
Henry is charged with three counts of grand larceny, one count of petty larceny and official misconduct. Efforts by CNN to reach Henry were unsuccessful.
TSA spokesman David Castelveter said the individual, who he did not name, "is being processed for removal from TSA."
"TSA holds its employees to the highest ethical standards and has zero tolerance for misconduct in the workplace," Castelveter said.
HALLOWELL — Following a report that a 4-year-old child brought a loaded handgun to a local preschool last month, the Kennebec County District Attorney's Office has asked for more information to determine whether to bring charges.
Hallowell Police Chief Eric Nason said a staff member found the loaded .380 caliber, semi-automatic handgun in a bag brought to Rollins Family Child Care Center on Litchfield Road. Nason said the gun's safety was on but a round was in the chamber.
Nason said no charges have been filed in the April 23 incident. A police report was submitted April 24 to District Attorney Maeghan Maloney's office.
After reviewing that report Thursday, Maloney said, “I have requested additional information before any charging decision can be made.”
A report also was filed April 23 with the state's Department of Health and Human Services, Nason said.
“We have the firearm in our possession pending review by the district attorney's office,” Nason said.
Citing concern for her students, Elizabeth Rollins, who owns the day-care facility, declined to comment.
However, Nason praised the workers' response to the gun discovery. The facility notified parents of the events and cooperated with the police investigation, he said.
“They notified us immediately and took the gun off the premises,” Nason said. “From start to finish, they did everything they possibly could.”
The names of the boy and his parents are being withheld because no charges have been filed.
The gun was found in a travel bag the boy uses to carry belongings between the homes of his divorced parents. An employee found the gun while looking for a particular piece of clothing for the child, Nason said.
The police investigation determined that the boy's mother had dropped him off at day care with the bag on the morning of April 18. The boy's father picked him up later that day and returned the child, with the bag, to his mother's house around 5 p.m.
“He indicated he had last seen (the gun) in the door pocket of his truck around 11 a.m. on the 18th,” Nason said.
A few hours later, around 10 p.m., the father reported the gun stolen to Skowhegan police.
Nason said the gun remained in the bag until April 23, when it was discovered at the day-care center.
Nason said police were unable to determine exactly how the gun wound up in the bag.
“It's really hard telling,” he said. “I don't think the child knew the gun was in the bag.”
Nason said the father declined to speak to police about the incident. The father was legally allowed to have the gun at the time the incident occurred, Nason said, but the courts have since issued a temporary protection-from-abuse order sought by the ex-wife against the father. That order prohibits the man from possessing firearms.
Craig Crosby — 621-5642
[email protected]
Share
Think that cooking oil is only good for making your favorite recipe? Think again! Cooking oil is actually a key ingredient for biodiesel fuel – a nontoxic biodegradable fuel that drastically reduces engine emissions in comparison to traditional petroleum diesel.
As part of our commitment to minimize waste whenever possible, Disney Cruise Line has donated more than 60,000 gallons of used cooking oil to the Bahamas Waste Management since 2011 to help power their fleet of vehicles in Nassau.
Take a look at this video to learn more about this process.
Bahamas Waste collects the used cooking oil directly from Disney Cruise Line ships in Nassau and converts it into biodiesel fuel. Today, approximately 25 Bahamas Waste vehicles are fueled by biodiesel and the organization has future plans to expand to its entire fleet.
On a weekly basis, more than 1,000 gallons of used cooking oil are offloaded Disney Cruise Line ships and recycled in ports of call around the world.
The recycled oil program is just one of many environmental initiatives at Disney Cruise Line focused on utilizing new technologies, increasing fuel efficiency, minimizing waste and promoting conservation worldwide. We strive to instill positive environmental stewardship in our cast and crew members and seek to inspire others through programs that engage guests and the communities in our ports of call.
You can learn more about our environmental efforts here: DisneyCruiseLinePublicAffairs.com.
The BC SPCA is issuing a warning to cat owners in highrise apartments, after receiving a number of cats that were injured after falling from balconies.
"At the Vancouver shelter we've had four cats brought to us in two weeks alone who were seriously injured after jumping or falling from highrise balconies," said Vancouver SPCA branch manager Jodi Dunlop, in a statement.
People assume cats have wonderful balance, but all it takes is an unexpected gust of wind. - Jodi Dunlop
"Two of the cats were in such extreme distress with multiple injuries that we couldn't save them."
One of those cats is a three-month-old Himalayan kitten named Roger Moore.
The kitten is currently in SPCA care, after falling a number of floors out of a 26-storey building. It suffered a broken front leg and has trauma to two vertebrae.
Dunlop said it is important for cat owners to recognize the dangers of living in a highrise apartment.
"People assume cats have wonderful balance, but all it takes is an unexpected gust of wind or a sudden noise to spook a cat for a potentially fatal fall to occur," she said.
The SPCA said owners should ensure that their balconies are enclosed, so cats cannot fall through bars or jump above railings.
Parents of children as young as nine have reacted angrily after schools in an east London borough asked pupils to complete surveys designed to provide clues to possible radicalisation. Waltham Forest council has been piloting the scheme in five primary schools with large Muslim intakes. The questionnaire, circulated among year 6 pupils, asks how much they trust the police and people from another race or religion.
They are also asked whether they agree that it is acceptable to marry someone from outside their race or religion and whether women are just as good as men at work. Another question asks if the pupils believe their religion is the only correct one. About 22% of the population in Waltham Forest, one of the most deprived local authorities in England, are Muslim.
The programme has been funded with a €500,000 (£360,000) grant from an EU fund – the Radicalisation Leading to Terrorism Programme – designed to “identify the initial seeds of radicalisation with children of primary school age”.
But some parents have complained they were not consulted about the surveys. One parent of an 11-year-old boy at Buxton primary school in Leytonstone, who was asked to complete the questionnaire, said: “This is why we need to get involved with this, otherwise ‘monitoring' like this goes unchecked and without vetting. No letter was sent home explaining this and I found out just talking to my son.”
Other parents expressed outrage on Twitter. “This is shockingly Orwellian,” one said. “Our kids don't stand a chance. Guessing there's going to be a big jump in homeschooling.”
A council spokeswoman said concerns had been raised about the survey, especially as pupils had been asked to put their name and other identifying details on the forms. Because the surveys were supposed to have been anonymous, all of those carried out so far may be destroyed.
The programme, known as Brit – Building Resilience Through Integration & Trust – is targeted at nine- to 11-year-olds and involves lesson plans and workbooks about identity and belonging. The charity Family Action is delivering the programme to schools.
Among other questions in the survey, children are asked if they agree or disagree with a series of statements including “God has a purpose for me” and “If a student was making fun of my race or religion I would try to make them stop even if it meant hurting them.” They are also asked to tick three boxes with which they identify, choosing from British, Muslim, student, artist, athlete, Christian and young.
A joint statement issued by the school's executive headteacher Kath Wheeler and chair of governors Tom Williams apologised for any distress caused and said that an internal investigation had been launched. “When we agreed to run the Brit project on behalf of Waltham Forest Council, we were not made aware that this questionnaire would be included. If we had, current procedures would have identified concerns from the outset as this involved potentially identifiable and sensitive information.”
The surveys had been sent to a junior member of staff at the school and had not been seen by the senior leadership, according to the statement. “The local authority has confirmed their intention was to anonymise and then destroy the questionnaires,” it said. “Despite this we will not be taking part in this method of evaluation now or in the future.”
The Islamic Human Rights Commission has urged parents to boycott the questionnaire. Its chairman, Massoud Shadjareh, said it had been designed to target and profile Muslim children. “At this young age, we should be thinking about nurturing and developing our children, not compartmentalising them. I think the questionnaire has clearly been devised by people who haven't got a clue about radicalisation.
“Some of the questions are just plain ridiculous. It's also clearly racist and Islamophobic – there would be uproar if they mentioned the word ‘Jew' or ‘black' in the identity question.”
Local councillors Mark Rusling and Liaquat Ali said: “The Brit project is a council programme that works with primary school pupils and their families to develop community cohesion. We're glad this has sparked a debate, as our aim is to encourage people to talk about the importance of cohesion at all ages.”
Bill Bolloten, an independent education consultant, expressed concern. “Some Muslim parents have been saying on Twitter that they will tell their children not to answer any questions at all. It's important that schools do explore pupils' multiple identities, but this project is tainted by the desire to spot the signs of extremism in primary school children.”
Even as Opposition parties are upping the ante over alleged incidents of religious reconversion, the Dharm Jagran Samiti has declared that it will ensure India becomes a Hindu Rashtra by 2021.
LICENCE TO STAY
Speaking in Agra on Thursday, a Dharm Jagran Samiti (DJS) functionary said Muslims and Christians will have to convert to Hinduism if they want to stay in this country.
DJS has been at the forefront of the reconversion- or 'ghar wapsi'-programmes in recent times in which some Muslims have been reportedly 'reconverted' to Hinduism. However, their action drew widespread condemnation, leading to arrest of one activist.
"Our target is to make India a Hindu Rashtra by 2021. The Muslims and Christians don't have any right to stay here. So they would either be converted to Hinduism or forced to run away from here," Uttar Pradesh DJS head Rajeshwar Singh said. He was reacting to the arrest of Nand Kishore Valmiki, a DJS activist. Valmiki was arrested on Tuesday for his alleged involvement in forcefully converting over 100 Muslims to Hinduism in Agra.
Singh said although he has temporarily suspended his 'ghar wapsi' programme in Aligarh and some other districts of the state that were supposed to be held on December 25, it would be restarted soon.
The DJS leader claimed that those who have been opposing 'ghar wapsi' were fearful of Muslims. But, he would set India free from this fear, he added. "I belong to the Solanki sub-caste within the Rajput caste. The Thakurs (Rajputs) respect me. I am their leader and they follow my orders. The Muslims had converted Rajputs to Islam by force. But the Rajputs are rising again. I will ensure that India is freed of Muslims and Christians by December 31, 2021," Singh said.
In Etah, Singh reiterated his stand, saying he wouldn't let Muslims and Christians to convert the Hindus. "We will not let them hunt the Hindus," he said. "The enemies have tried many a time in the past to finish Hinduism. But every time, Ram, Krishna and Chanakya came forward to finish them and restore the glory of Hinduism. I am also doing the same."
Explaining the DJS' plans, Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) secretary general Champat Rai told MAIL TODAY, "We are of the view that there are a handful of Muslims in India. Others within the Muslim community are actually Hindus. Their ancestors were converted to Islam forcefully. Even writer Taslima Nasrin has said that her ancestors were Hindus. The Batts, who are Muslims in Jammu and Kashmir, are actually Bhatts, the Hindus."
Rai claimed 'ghar wapsi' has been an ongoing VHP campaign for the last 60 years. A resolution in this regard was passed during the 1966 Maha Kumbh in Allahabad, he said.
"We have re-inducted over six lakh people into Hinduism since 1966. Mahatma Gandhi, Savarkar and Swami Dayanand Saraswati had expressed their concern over religious conversion. They believed it was poisoning the society. Bringing them back to their original religion means correcting the wrong. It is the appropriate time now to take it up on a bigger scale," he added.
A Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leader told MAIL TODAY that they have formed committees in every district of the state for this purpose. "We have included some Arya Samaj priests in the team because they issue a certificate to a converted person. This is a major document to prove that the converted person agrees to it," he said.
'INDEPENDENT'
When asked about the posture of the Modi government on this issue, he said, "We never ask Modi or any other BJP leader before chalking out our strategy. We only expect them to speak for or against us to clarify their stand. But Modi is the prime minister. So his silence means his approval. It is the right time for us to fulfil our agenda."
UP minister Azam Khan said, "RSS is behaving like the Taliban. They don't want the Constitution of India. They have their own agenda of finishing humanism."
Meanwhile, reacting sharply to DJS statement, Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh said, "DJS is a wing of RSS, which had supported Modi and the BJP during the Lok Sabha elections. They are now drifting away from the agenda of the NDA." He dared the Modi government to either accept the activities of DJS or "show some guts" and disband it.
Refocused: Detroit Lions 16, New York Jets 6
By PFF Analysis Team • Aug 20, 2017
Offenses sputtered or the defenses shined, however you want to look at it, the Detroit Lions defeated the New York Jets, 16-6, on Saturday night as the two teams combined for five field goals. No matter who was under center for the Jets, be it Christian Hackenberg or Bryce Petty, the Lions defensive front looked sharp in keeping New York's offense out of the end zone.
Detroit QB Matthew Stafford tossed the game's lone touchdown – a five-yard toss to Marvin Jones and with that we give you our PFF exclusive takeaways from the contest for each team.
Top 5 Grades
DI Akeem Spence, 86.0 overall grade
S Rolan Milligan, 80.6 overall grade
CB DJ Hayden, 79.8 overall grade
CB Nevin Lawson, 79.5 overall grade
HB Dwayne Washington, 78.2 overall grade
Performances of note:
T Greg Robinson, 43.6 overall grade
Losing starting LT Taylor Decker for at least the first half of the season might cause problems for the Detroit offense as the recently traded for Robinson struggled to make a positive impact in the run game. He held up alright in pass protection but did allow a QB hit and was beaten on one other occasion. On 46 pass blocking snaps this preseason, Robinson has allowed one hit and two hurries for a pass blocking efficiency of 95.1, a mark that currently sits at 61st best amongst offensive tackles.
TE Michael Roberts, 77.3 overall grade
The rookie from Toledo has been touted as solid run blocking tight end and he didn't disappoint against the Jets' backups as he finished with the best run blocking grade of the game at 84.2. On top of his excellent run blocking, Roberts added two catches for 29 yards including an impressive 22-yard catch and run on a tightly covered out route.
DI Akeem Spence, 86.0 overall grade
Spence consistently wreaked havoc in the New York backfield, as he was able to jump several snap counts and rack up a sack, a hurry and a run stop. He beat his man so cleanly off the snap on his sack that he was able to essentially beat Hackenberg to the top of his drop and finish him in well-under 2.0 seconds.
CB Jamal Agnew, 44.2 overall grade
Agnew saw six targets into his coverage during second half play, double the total of any other Lion. He struggled to gain positioning on his man throughout the game, as he surrendered catches on five of those for 61 yards, and Jets QB Bryce Petty had a passer rating of 109.0 when throwing into his coverage.
Top 5 Grades
DI Sheldon Richardson, 85.5 overall grade
LB Darron Lee, 83.2 overall grade
TE Jordan Leggett, 82.8 overall grade
QB Bryce Petty, 81.7 overall grade
CB Dexter McDougle, 81.4 overall grade
Performances of note:
QB Bryce Petty, 81.7 overall grade
Petty's intermediate and deep passing was on tonight, as he connected on five of nine attempts longer than 10 yards for 90 yards. His numbers could have been even better, as he threw an interception on the final play of the game that was really a 50/50 ball in a desperation situation. On the drive prior to that he threw another seam ball that could have been caught as well, but was defended tightly by Detroit and his target was unable to make the play.
TE Jordan Leggett, 82.8 overall grade
Leggett was clearly Petty's go-to man, as he hauled in two grabs for 40 yards, both going for first downs. However, he was also the intended target on Petty's two aforementioned deep balls, and while neither were considered drops, the first was certainly catchable and on the second he was outplayed by the Detroit defensive back for the interception.
DI Sheldon Richardson, 85.5 overall grade
In just 22 snaps this preseason, Richardson has looked like a man on a mission despite not racking up the box score stats. Against Detroit's offensive line, the Missouri Tiger product recorded one QB hit and two stops on just 16 snaps while being pretty much unblockable on all plays. He also picked up two stops in run defense against the Lions.
LB Darron Lee, 83.2 overall grade
The former Ohio State Buckeye struggled in all facets of the game as a rookie in 2016, especially as a coverage linebacker, but showed good improvement on 37 snaps against the Lions. Lee was targeted four times and did allow three catches but for only 23 yards while also adding in four stops and a QB hurry.
PFF Game Ball: Akeem Spence, DI
*Grades subject to change
Gov. Scott Walker said he's open to permanently capping tuition at the University of Wisconsin even as he's promoting a plan to give the UW more freedom to set its own budget.
Walker's budget would cut the UW's state funding by $300 million and freeze in-state tuition for the next two years, but it would give the UW more autonomy in future budgets. UW leaders like that freedom, but critics worry the university will use it to push a massive tuition hike two years from now to partially make up for this budget's funding cuts.
Walker was asked about that prospect at the Chatham House think tank in London and floated the idea of permanent caps on tuition.
“I think there are some lawmakers in the state Legislature that want to put in the statutes — I'd be open to that — to permanently putting in place some sort of cap on tuition,” said Walker.
Walker said that permanent cap could be tied to inflation, which is nearly identical to an idea proposed by Whitewater-area Republican Sen. Steve Nass. Nass wants Walker to cap tuition hikes at the level of the Consumer Price Index.
SunJack 7W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com
By SkipJack & Will
A few months ago, (more like 6), Sunjack reached out and asked us to look at and abuse two of their portable solar charges.
As usual, we were pretty excited to test out something as technologically intriguing as a solar panel, and so of course we said yes! This was the second solar product we have reviewed and its always fun to see solar technology becoming more advanced and affordable!
Sunjack sent us two versions to test, both a 7 and a 14 watt model.
SunJack 14W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com
Both versions fold up to about the size of an iPad. The units are held together with fabric and multiple loops around the units make for easy attachment to any piece of gear.
SunJack 14W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com
Greatest of all is the price. At a price of $100 you can get a fully modular and self contained 7 watt solar charging device. The 14 watt runs around $150 and since we started testing them, Sunjack has released a 20 watt version at $200.
SunJack 7W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com SunJack 14W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com
Need to drop your pack but still power your small devices?
Both 7 and 14 watt units come with detachable batteries. These batteries are small and almost as slim as an off the shelf smart phone, perfect for slipping into a pocket and extending your small device life by up to 8 times depending on the version.
SunJack 14W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com
The Sunjack 7watt solar charger comes with a 4000mAh battery that charged rather quickly in full sun (Sunjack claims 5 hours but we saw it charge in less time due to the Arizona sun) and managed to charge an iPhone 6 with juice to spare.
The 14 watt Sunjack battery is 8000mAh and charges in about the same amount of time due to double the number of panels. The 8000mAh battery is slightly larger than the 7 watt and we didnt actually see how many charges we could get out of it as we spent most of our time with the 7 watt which was more than enough for our needs.
SunJack 7W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com SunJack 14W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com
There are three main differences that separate the 7 and 14 watt versions.
First, the 14 watt folds out into four panels giving you double the solar collection surface with minimal increase in weight. Next, the 14 watt's 8000mAh battery sports a second USB port allowing for a second device to be charged at the same time.
Lastly, the 14 watt solar unit has a second USB port on the panel. This means that a second battery can be attached.
By spending an extra $50 you can bump up from a 7 to a 14 watt kit. In our opinion the 14 watt is a significant jump in options and value.
SunJack 14W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com
We took these panels on a test drive in our kits and several things impressed us.
First, the size, weight and compact nature of the panels made them ideal for much more than just your typical outdoor adventure.
Secondly, the units worked as advertised and were at home on both a pile of schoolbooks and a mountain ruck.
SunJack 7W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com SunJack 14W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com
The solar panels are robust with some flex. A good endo from a mountain bike might rash the plastic covering but won't totally destroy the unit.
A little rain won't bother the Sunjack either but we doubt you will be getting a lot of sun in a driving squall.
SunJack 14W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com SunJack 7W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com
Things we would like to see improved:
It would be nice to see Sunjack develop a harder use version of the solar charger. Some of the improvements would be hardened battery packs with a waterproof door covering the indicator lights and USB ports.
It would also be nice to see a better material for the construction as we are not sure how long the fabric will last under direct sunlight. Its been our experience that certain fabrics will deteriorate under direct sun. Salt water exposure could possibly be an issue as well.
We would like to see them make the solar chargers and components in the USA.
As they are, the units are pretty cool, and will suffice for almost any civilian or temporary law enforcement use, however, they might not be up to the task for long term MIL/LE use.
SunJack 14W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com SunJack 7W Solar Panel Charger. Photo Credit: Blacksheepwarrior.com
Sunjack has a handful of other products that go hand in hand with the solar chargers.
Battery chargers, lights and other devices that can be powered right off a USB port.
Each Sunjack device comes with a one year limited warranty.
Technical Specifications:
7 watt:
Solar panels: 7 watts of high efficiency mono-crystalline
Max output voltage/current: One 5V/1.5A USB port
Battery: 4,000mAh lithium-polymer battery
Size folded: 6.5” x 9.25” x 1.5” (16.51cm x 23.50cm x 3.81cm)
Size unfolded: 16.35” x 9.25” x 1.5” (41.53cm x 23.50cm x 3.81cm)
14 watt:
Solar panels: 14 watts of high efficiency mono-crystalline
Max output voltage/current: Two 5V/2A USB ports
Battery: 8,000mAh lithium-polymer battery
Size folded: 6.75” x 9.25” x 1.75” (17.15cm x 23.50cm x 4.5cm)
Size unfolded: 30.75” x 9.25” x 1.75” (78.11cm x 23.50cm x 4.5cm)
Weight: 2lbs (907.19grams)
Get yours:
http://www.sunjack.com
Sunjack on Amazon
[et_bloom_inline optin_id=optin_3]
Flickr UPDATE:
It turns out that this story was based on a hoax. CNBC's Darren Rovell tried to find anecdotes about businesses losing money as a result of the NBA lockout on Twitter last November.
Some high school student responded via e-mail and acted like he owned a high-class escort service in New York City.
He deceived Rovell, us, and the vast majority of the sports blogosphere.
We apologize for the error, and we'll do our best to avoid these errors in the future.
You can read the whole story from Deadspin here >
ORIGINAL POST:
Businesses like hotels, restaurants, and bars are losing tons of money because of the NBA Lockout, as expected.
But another, unexpected business is losing money: escort services.
According to Darren Rovell of CNBC, a man, who runs an escort business in New York, is down about 30%.
He charges between $400 and $4,000 for his escorts, and takes a 65 to 80% cut. He often sets up NBA players and high profile fans with his escorts.
The service owner told CNBC: "There are replacements but they aren't as consistent and not nearly as high paying."
I know what the headlines say.
Congratulations, media! You succeeded. You even managed to panic my wife. Here's the abstract (highlighting mine):
Background and Purpose— Sugar- and artificially-sweetened beverage intake have been linked to cardiometabolic risk factors, which increase the risk of cerebrovascular disease and dementia. We examined whether sugar- or artificially sweetened beverage consumption was associated with the prospective risks of incident stroke or dementia in the community-based Framingham Heart Study Offspring cohort.
Methods—We studied 2888 participants aged >45 years for incident stroke (mean age 62 [SD, 9] years; 45% men) and 1484 participants aged >60 years for incident dementia (mean age 69 [SD, 6] years; 46% men). Beverage intake was quantified using a food-frequency questionnaire at cohort examinations 5 (1991–1995), 6 (1995–1998), and 7 (1998–2001). We quantified recent consumption at examination 7 and cumulative consumption by averaging across examinations. Surveillance for incident events commenced at examination 7 and continued for 10 years. We observed 97 cases of incident stroke (82 ischemic) and 81 cases of incident dementia (63 consistent with Alzheimer's disease).
This study used the Framingham Heart Study Offspring cohort, which began in 1971. The 10-year incidence of stroke and dementia began in 1998-2001. They excluded people with significant disease before the start of the monitoring period.
Did the participants differ by race or ethnicity? I have no idea. I do know, however, that the authors write about the “absence of ethnic minorities, which limits the generalizability of our findings to populations of non-European decent.” Was that in the coverage you read?
Did they differ by socioeconomic status? No idea. Did they abuse drugs? Work or retire? Live alone or with someone? Have a family history of disease? No idea.
Did they acknowledge that different artificial sweeteners are different molecules with likely different effects or implications? No.
Were there multiple comparisons, meaning some results might be due to chance? Yep. Did they rely on self-report, which might mean recall bias comes into play? Yep.
Was this an observational study? Of course.
Was all of that in the coverage you read?
The study reported the hazard ratios for the Model 2 (which adjusted for demographics, diet, physical activity, and smoking, but still missed a lot, noted above). There was a Model 3, which also accounted for various cardiometabolic factors, but the results weren't as dramatic. Anyway, in Model 2, compared to drinking no diet soda at all, those who drank at least one a day had HR 2.96 for ischemic stroke and HR 2.89 Alzheimer's dementia.
Reported in the small text under table 2 is that in Model 2, for this result, there were a total of 58 ischemic strokes in 2137 participants. So… it was rare. For Model 2, there were 47 diagnoses of Alzheimer's Disease for 1087 participants. Again, pretty rare. (And that is if I'm reading it correctly. It says N/events, and I think they may have meant events/N).
I have pored through the paper and the data supplement, and I can't find the actual rates of disease reported for each group. I don't know how they differed.
This type of study, and any discussion of its meaning, would be full of caveats.
It's an observational study, and it cannot show causation. It's a well-known and limited dataset, which almost entirely lacks minority participation. They could control for some things, but many other (and important) factors couldn't be accounted for. There were multiple measurements, and the analysis did not adjust for them. There are other studies which show different findings. The overall rates of dementia and stroke were low in this study, and therefore the scary relative differences aren't likely as scary in terms of absolute differences. Those absolute rates weren't clearly reported. There's also no evidence that changing your behavior with respect to drinking diet soda will change any of these outcomes at all.
Was that in the coverage you read?
@aaronecarroll
P.S. If you do go look at the paper, make sure to note the y-axis labeling in Figure 2. Hint: It doesn't go from 0-100.
QPR have decided not to appeal against Jamie Mackie's red card against Preston.
Mackie was sent off for a challenge on Tom Clarke at Deepdale, where Rangers were beaten 1-0.
Manager Ian Holloway initially planned to appeal against the decision, but after the incident was viewed on tape the club opted not to.
It means Mackie will be suspended for Saturday's home game against Leeds along with Alex Baptiste.
Defender Baptiste was sent off after the final whistle at Preston after dissent earned him a second yellow card.
Clubs cannot appeal against yellow cards so Rangers are unable to challenge Baptiste's dismissal.
However, Rangers have Nedum Onuoha back in their squad for the Leeds game.
Onuoha is in contention to return to action after nearly three months out with a hamstring injury.
Faced with sexual assault and sexual harassment allegations, Michael Di Biase, the deputy mayor of Vaughan has announced his resignation.
The deputy mayor's resignation comes the same day he was found to have breached the municipality's Code of Ethical Conduct, says the city's integrity commissioner.
A employee at the City of Vaughan alleges Di Biase sexually assaulted, sexually harassed and reprimanded her, as outlined in a report released by Suzanne Craig on Thursday.
As sexual assault falls under the criminal code, Craig, as integrity commissioner, must advise the employee to pursue allegations with police. It is not immediately clear if the complainant has reported the allegations to police.
Craig's detailed report describes some of the allegations in graphic detail, including one moment when the complainant said Di Biase "groped me, kissed me, touched my breasts and pushed himself against me."
Phone conversation recorded
In an audio transcript outlined in the report, Di Biase says to the complainant: "I am sorry I did it… temptation… whatever you want to call it." The call was recorded by the complainant and submitted to the integrity commissioner.
The complainant goes on to ask Di Biase, "why would you touch my breasts and kiss me and put your tongue in my mouth right after that, when I am so visibly upset."
He responds, "I didn't put my tongue in your mouth... I tried... but you said no." She also tells him "you touched my breast," to which he answers, "OK, I am sorry."
The allegations go on to say that Di Biase sexually harassed the complainant for five months, between March and July 2016. After this period, the employee left the City of Vaughan, and only returned briefly in October.
During this time, it's alleged Di Biase kissed the employee without her consent five times, and touched her breasts on four occasions.
He groped me, kissed me, touched my breasts and pushed himself against me. - Complainant
According to the report, Di Biase did not deny kissing the complainant on the lips "on several occasions." But he denied touching her inappropriately — something the audio recording contradicts, said Craig. Further, he said any physical interaction was consensual.
Surveillance allegations
The complainant also alleges Di Biase had her followed and surveilled by an unknown man driving a black SUV, which was parked outside her house. According to the report, Di Biase denied any involvement in the incident. Craig said she did not have conclusive evidence that he was involved.
The ethics czar received the complaints in January, which prompted this investigation. She recommended council take the following sanctions against Di Biase:
Pay suspension for 90 days (the maximum sanction allowed under the Code.)
Issue an apology to the complainant and the City of Vaughan.
Remove his title as Deputy Mayor.
No authority over office staff.
No right to chair meetings and sit on committees.
Council does not have to accept Craig's recommendations on sanctions, but is expected to use them to make an informed decision.
In a statement, Vaughan Mayor Maurizio Bevilacqua said he finds the report's contents "gravely concerning" and that the city is taking the matter very seriously. Further he adds that the city "condemns all acts of workplace harassment and reprisal of any kind."
Vaughan is Canada's 17th largest municipality, and the 8th largest in Ontario with more than 320,000 residents.
Previously investigated by integrity commissioner
This isn't the first time Di Biase has been found in violation of the municipal code of conduct. In 2015, the integrity commissioner reported that DiBiase swore and bullied staff who wouldn't hand over confidential details about bids for city work.
Di Biase was sanctioned by Vaughan's integrity commissioner in 2015 and 2017, and has been under investigation by the OPP for the last three years. (City of Vaughan)
He challenged the integrity commissioner's findings and council's subsequent decision to dock him three months' pay, but that judicial review was dismissed by the courts. He did not appeal.
The probe was prompted by a complaint based on a CBC investigation last fall, which detailed allegations that personnel from Maystar, a major Vaughan construction company that has received more than $150 million in business from the city since 2002, appeared to be helping build Di Biase's family cottage.
The integrity commissioner did not investigate that allegation, saying that it could be a criminal matter and so it's up to police to look into it.
She is, however, also currently examining Di Biase's role in a real-estate controversy where environmentally sensitive land long protected by the city was recently opened up to residential development.
Further, the Ontario Provincial Police are looking into Di Biase's relationship with the construction company that built Vaughan's city hall and obtained various other contracts totaling over $150 million.
Di Biase has strongly denied that Maystar was involved in the cottage construction.
A longtime city councillor, Di Biase also served as mayor of Vaughan from 2002 to 2006.
If you're new here, you may want to subscribe to my free Email alerts . Thanks for visiting!
ARGUES IN KERCHNER VS. OBAMA APPELLEE BRIEF THAT U.S. CONSTITUTION IS NOT THE LAW OF THE LAND
Legal Analysis by John Charlton
(March 9, 2010) — Many U.S. Citizens have not awakened to the fact that the U.S.A. is no longer a Constitutional Republic, but a tyrannical state, overthrown from the very day Chief Justice Roberts administered the oath of office to the ineligible candidate, Barack Hussein Obama II.
Those in denial of this bitter political reality need look no further for the evidence of the paradigm shift in the minds of lawyers for the U.S. Department of Justice than the opposition brief filed by Tony West, Assistant Attorney General, Paul J. Fishman, U.S. Attorney, and Mark B. Stern and Eric Fleisig-Green, of the Appellate Staff Division of the DoJ, before the U.S. Third Circuit Court of Appeals in the case of Kerchner et al. vs. Obama & Congress.
The core of the Department of Justice's argument manifests in the clearest terms that they no longer hold the U.S. Constitution as the Supreme Law of the Land, but rather consider it merely as a theoretical construct, the violation of which harms no one in particular, on pp. 9-10 (Bold Face added):
Plaintiffs suggest that their injuries are analogous to those of states affected by global warming or individuals injured by government displays of religion. See Pl. Br. 39 (citing cases). But none of plaintiffs' cited cases suggests that a mere interest in the proper application of the law, unaccompanied by more concrete consequences particular to a plaintiff, can serve as the basis of Article III standing. See, e.g., Massachusetts v. EPA, 549 U.S. 497, 517 (2007) (reinforcing that under Article III “a litigant must demonstrate that it has suffered a concrete and particularized injury that is either actual or imminent”); Suhre v. Haywood County, 131 F.3d 1083, 1086 (4th Cir. 1997) (“[A] mere abstract objection to unconstitutional conduct is not sufficient to confer standing.”) (cited at Pl. Br. 39).
As a sworn upholder of the Constitution, Commander Kerchner is no longer a private citizen-per-se, but a Constitutional officer who is bound to uphold the Supreme Law of the Land against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
Considering that Obama holds foreign citizenship and has used his claim to U.S. Citizenship to enter into an office for which he is not eligible by the mere fact of holding British Citizenship from birth (cf. our article, 4 Supreme Court Cases define “natural born citizen” ), he is rightly considered both a foreign and a domestic enemy of the U.S. Constitution.
Considering that Commander Kerchner is duty-bound to defend the Constitution against such an enemy, his case and his appeal are perfectly lawful, right, and just, and the Third Circuit Court of Appeals has a constitutional duty to hear the appeal and overturn the anarchical decision of Judge Jerome B. Simandle, who dismissed the case.
Furthermore, Kerchner, in being forced to accept an ineligible Commander-in-Chief by the action of the Joint Session of Congress on January 8, 2009 when they selected an ineligible candidate to be U.S. President, is harmed directly and most intimately in his adhesion to the very Armed Forces which is duty-bound to uphold that Constitution.
If the violation of the U.S. Constitution's explicit, facial obligations for holding the office of the U.S. President is a crime which harms no one in particular and which thus presents no basis for a judicial review, then the Republic has been overthrown by the Chicago Mob, and there is no recourse left but ballots and armed counter-revolution.
By claiming such violation is no grounds for a case in Federal Court, the Department of Justice has publicly admitted that it accepts a political theory of usurpation and tyranny whereby a small coterie of individuals, controlling both parties, can overthrow the constitutional order of our Republic and nullify any constitutional restriction as long as they, and they alone, are unanimous in their action.
In other words, the Department of Justice has just confessed and admitted a theory of dictatorship of the few over the democratic rule by the People. And that is the Politics of Tyrants.
The Third Circuit Court would be well-advised to consider that without a U.S. Armed Forces bound to a constitutionally eligible and respectful Commander-in-Chief, once they refuse to uphold the rights of members of the U.S. Military to contest the claims of such an illegitimate commander, they expose themselves to become the next victims of the use of such military force against the other branches of government: for if you render the military oath of no force or value before your court, you have declared that the armed forces are no longer are bound to uphold the U.S. Constitution in any term or obligation which that document declares.
It's a simple choice then: the Constitution or tyranny; liberty or death!
Yusra Khogali, a co-founder of Black Lives Matter-Toronto, has been in the news recently for calling Prime Minister a "white supremacist terrorist." She's had a few other interesting things to say as well in the recent past. She asks god to prevent her from committing violence. She refers to whites as genetically defective. She's really angry. And, from what I know second-hand about racism and misogyny, I don't blame her.
We can argue about the strategic usefulness of deploying inflammatory public rhetoric, shorn of context and explanation, that divides and excludes—I do, as a former union leader who knows what draws people in and what doesn't—but that isn't the issue. Khogali is expressing the anger of the oppressed, she has a right to do it, and she is accountable only to the people in her movement. White folks calling for her removal as a leader rather make her point. They would prefer that oppressed people remain polite and respectful and use their indoor voices at all times: otherwise these outside commentators feel uncomfortable. But put up their discomfort against the everyday racism, the personal and institutional violence, that is a Black person's life experience, and there is simply no contest.
Besides, the content of her most recent remark bears a little attention. As others have noted, you can indeed argue her case against Trudeau. White supremacy is not just the ideology of Nazis. Terrorism is more than shooting up a mosque or a nightclub. Trudeau's refusal to accede to a court ruling and two compliance orders by the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal continues to victimize First Nations children simply for being First Nations. Canada's Middle Eastern ally Saudi Arabia is obviously terrorizing a lot of civilians in Yemen at present. Trudeau's massive export of light-armoured vehicles to the Saudis, not to mention the Canadian military training that goes with it, will encourage further interventions, as well as enabling the House of Saud's bloody rule at home.
Discomfort is the point at which we privileged white folks can either move forward or stay in place. Confronting and reflecting upon our own socialized attitudes is not infrequently unpleasant. This isn't a moral matter: we aren't necessarily "guilty" of anything. Most of us simply sleepwalk in our privilege. But when we're called on it, we should be willing to learn.
Well, here is what I have learned, for what it's worth. Khogali's remarks take place in a context of oppression, and they should be interpreted in that manner. She's not just another talking head on a reassuring TV panel show: she's a pissed-off Black activist, every atom of whose being is engaged in resistance. Must we expect that she follow polite rules of discourse established by the very society that oppresses her? Very little real-world resistance is drawing-room. A lot of it can be raw and ugly. And the white liberal response is too often to wag a finger. They liked Martin Luther King for his non-violent resistance; Malcolm X and the Black Panthers, not so much.
But here is what King himself had to say about them:
First, I must confess that over the last few years I have been gravely disappointed with the white moderate. I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in the stride toward freedom is not the White Citizen's Council-er or the Ku Klux Klanner, but the white moderate who is more devoted to "order" than to justice; who prefers a negative peace which is the absence of tension to a positive peace which is the presence of justice; who constantly says "I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I can't agree with your methods of direct action;" who paternalistically feels he can set the timetable for another man's freedom; who lives by the myth of time and who constantly advises the Negro to wait until a "more convenient season." Shallow understanding from people of goodwill is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill will. Lukewarm acceptance is much more bewildering than outright rejection. ~Letter from a Birmingham Jail
When I read Khogali's commentary, I'm not surprised or offended. Asking god to help her check her rage is hardly worth the ink spilled by affronted pundits attacking that Tweeted prayer. As for the alleged genetic defectiveness of white people, I have no reason to believe that she is not entirely sincere about that amalgam of pseudo-science and mysticism, but I can't help being struck by its ironic effectiveness. She is holding up a cracked mirror to hundreds of years of white pseudo-science about "race" and Blacks in particular -- and just look at the shock and outrage she's been causing among the chattering classes. Three or so remarks! Imagine the emotions they might have caused to well up in us were the historical tables turned.
None of this is to say that anything goes, particularly if one is attempting to build a mass movement, but, rather, that we should try to understand how what we might regard as rhetorical excesses are generated by the very system that is now clutching its pearls. Can the subaltern speak? You betcha. And we won't always like what we hear -- but that's the whole point, isn't it?
A previous version of this article suggested that Saudi Arabia had already received Canada's light-armoured vehicles. In fact, they are currently in the process of being exported.
Image: Facebook/Yusra Khogali
The question of effective treatment for alcohol- and substance-use disorders is more pressing than ever. According to a recent article in The New England Journal of Medicine, the number of Americans admitted to treatment programs for prescription opioids more than quadrupled from 2002 to 2012. Deaths from heroin overdoses nearly quadrupled from 2002 to 2013, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported.
In addition, an estimated 18 million Americans have alcohol use disorder, according to the N.I.A.A.A., and a study published in JAMA last year found that the number of Americans who drank to excess was rising.
Last month, President Obama proposed $1.1 billion in new federal spending to fight the growing epidemic of heroin and prescription opioid addiction. His 2017 proposed budget designates $920 million for states to expand access to drug-assisted treatment over the next two years. It also calls for more prescription-drug monitoring programs and increasing the use of the opioid-reversal treatment naloxone.
Only 10 percent of those with alcohol- and substance-use disorders ever seek treatment, said Brad Stone, a spokesman for the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. The Affordable Care Act covers treatment for alcohol- and substance-abuse disorders, but many who need it fear they will be stigmatized if they ask for help.
A Range of Therapies
Many people in need of treatment believe that the only way to recover is to spend time at a rehab facility, which can cost as much as $50,000 a month. Yet there is no reliable evidence that intensive inpatient treatment is more effective than continual outpatient care, Anne M. Fletcher, the author of the 2013 exposé of the treatment system, “Inside Rehab,” said in an interview.
Dr. Willenbring founded his outpatient center, Alltyr, in St. Paul in 2012. Instead of spiritual confession, he relies on a range of behavioral therapies to help patients identify the triggers that lead to risky behaviors. They include motivational interviewing, in which therapists ask a series of questions intended to help clients understand why they drink or use drugs, and cognitive behavioral therapy, short-term counseling that helps patients recognize and avoid high-risk situations.
Dr. Willenbring also treats patients for depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorder, which can make recovery from addiction difficult. He prescribes medications to reduce alcohol cravings, along with Suboxone to eliminate opioid cravings and block their highs. And he trains relatives to support their loved ones with kindness and compassion, not ultimatums.
Here's all the strats that I've been using for Overpass. Obviously these aren't the only strats that you can do on the map but there's enough here to give you a nice start on integrating strats in to your team play, expanding on your map pool or adding to your existing strats. Got any strats that might be useful? Comment below with your strats!
Call outs used
Terrorist Side
Pistol Strat
Start off with
3 Blue
2 short(quad)
Then move in to
4 short(quad)
1 sewer(Arch)
Smoke upper
Then 3 out short (quad) 1 out sewer(arch) 1 staying short (quad) watching blue
ECO Strat
Stand here
Smoke here
Goes here
Have
1 watching long/smoking bathrooms
3 flash and rush out
1 blue bathrooms
Then
4 take control of long
1 stay blue
Smoke long
Then go back to bathrooms to set up for smokes
1 long
4 bathrooms
1st smoke
Go here
Smoke here
2nd smoke
Go here
Smoke here
3rd smoke
Smoke here
Goes here
Then push
Standard A Strat
2 long (aggressive)
1 blue (semi aggressive)
1 sewer (arch) (passive)
1 bathrooms (passive)
Spam here at the start of the round
Stand here
Smoke here
Goes here
The AWPer who's long go in to 2 bathrooms
Then bathrooms go slightly aggressive
Then whole team comes to take bathrooms and smoke A
1st smoke
Go here
Smoke here
2nd smoke
Go here
Smoke here
3rd smoke
Smoke here
Goes here
B strat
1 blue
1 outside B
3 bathrooms
Stand here
Smoke here
Goes here
2 push up bathrooms, flash over and kill anyone close then pull back
1 go long
2 go blue
blue goes outside b don't push through door
Smoke upper
Stand here
Jump on to the wood
Aim here and throw
Then split B
Long guy push on to A to deny the fast rotate and to flank
Standard B NO AWP
1 playground
1 blue
3 b
Stand here
Throw here while running
Goes here
Spam here
It gets short
Stand here
Throw here
Stand here
Throw here
Stand here
Throw here
Goes here
3 arch 1 quad 1 playground to blue
Face pit
CT Set Ups
Pistol
2 push bathrooms
1 stay bank as fast rotate
2 b
1 bathrooms push to spawn other stay watching blue
Pistol
2 push bathrooms
1 push blue
1 jump spotting short(quad)
1 facing long (arch)
AntiEco
1 A
1 upper b
1 bathrooms
1 jump peaking short/quad
1 facing long/arch
AntiEco
Stay in positions
2 A 3 B
1 semi aggressive in bathrooms 1 on A
1 fast rotate 1 graffiti 1 pit
Standard aggressive
Smoke short (quad) 2 push short (quad) (aggressive)
1 hold sewer(arch) (passive)
1 hold long (passive)
1 hold bathrooms (semi aggressive)
If they show early aggression long take bathrooms and have 1 rotate to B
Standard passive
2 bathrooms
3 b (1 fast rotate) 1 sewer (arch) 2 short (quad)
Boost here
Spam these wooden panels/boost over
Before pushing open the heavy blue door, I pause on the top step and look back at Dail Eireann, the National Library and Museum, the institutions of the Irish State, then I enter into another world of mystery and ancient ritual, of secrets and lies, the search for truth and remembrance of things past.
Before pushing open the heavy blue door, I pause on the top step and look back at Dail Eireann, the National Library and Museum, the institutions of the Irish State, then I enter into another world of mystery and ancient ritual, of secrets and lies, the search for truth and remembrance of things past.
When you enter the Grand Lodge of the Freemasons in Ireland, in Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, it has the feel of a gentleman's club and I am ushered politely into the library to await the presence of the Most Worshipful Brother Douglas T Grey, Grand Master of the order founded in Ireland in 1725.
'Doughie', as it turns out, is dressed conventionally in blazer and slacks, the garb of an insurance executive, which he once was. But within these walls he is referred to as 'Grand Master' and when he talks personally or on his phone he speaks to 'Young Sir' and other such titles of the order he now heads.
Freemasonry is not a secret society, but a society with secrets, its adherents are fond of saying.
The Grand Lodge in Dublin was donated by the Duke of Leinster, who lived across the road in Leinster House and that particular Duke, Augustus Frederick, is commemorated in a life-sized portrait in the Lodge Room, which seats 250 members on benches much like you see in televised snippets of the House of Commons.
"The frames are probably worth more than the paintings," says Douglas, sweeping his arm around the other massive portraits - The Earl of Charleville behind the Grand Master's throne, the Duke of Abercorn, Albert Prince of Wales, and other blue bloods, all decked out in the regalia of the Masons.
"The last Grand Master with a title was Lord Donegal, but in recent years it's all ordinary people and it doesn't matter anyway because in Freemasonry everybody is equal," he says, standing before the table on which stands a Bible and the Masons 'Volume of Sacred Law', which is always open at gatherings.
There are also two cubes of white cut stone, one rough hewn to symbolise the person unformed, the other smooth and polished to indicate those who lived by the order's principles of 'square dealing'.
It is not a religious organisation. "Peace, love and harmony are the watchword of the order, it is about brotherly love, trying to be better people" insists the Grand Master.
Although he concedes that the Masons is now a largely Protestant organisation, Daniel O'Connell was once a member and it attracted many Catholics until it came under sustained attack from the Catholic church and, in particular, the powerful Archbishop of Dublin, Dr John Charles McQuaid.
"It is forbidden to discuss religion or politics at our meetings" adds the Grand Master and he insists that it has Jewish and Muslim members who sit together at meetings as good brothers.
"We're known as a secret organisation, but in fact you will find out all our secrets in any good library and our website contains a great deal of information about Freemasonry, including the dates and minutes of our meetings. We have nothing to hide."
The one thing they haven't been good at, he says, is publicising the good works they do - charitable work such as funding research into the hospital bug MRSA; looking after the families of members who have fallen on hard times; funding a sheltered nursing home for non-masons; and running the prestigious Freemasons Young Musician of the Year, now in its sixth year, an international competition, with the winner getting a solo performance backed by the RTE Concert Orchestra.
The Grand Master is a little nervous of publicity and gets even more nervous when we dress him up in a ceremonial apron and cuffs, sky blue with golden harps, and a chain of office. The reason for this is that he hasn't brought his own paraphernalia (his chain is solid gold) and these belong to the organist, who plays a prominent role in their ceremonies.
"The Lodge members will all know I'm not wearing the right gear," he says with an accommodating smile. The order members, carrying boxes with their ceremonial outfits, are a well-known feature of this part of town, going to and from meetings.
The meetings are confined to members, with various officers in set positions around the Lodge Room. There is music from the organist and, according to the Grand Master, "a lot of rod carrying", although what that entails is not clear. For the annual meeting, they used to dress in tails, but it is now black tie and they sit down to 'supper' afterwards.
Genial Douglas Grey feels the public perception of the Masons hasn't always been good. What with funny handshakes, or 'grips' as they are referred to, quaint greetings and mysterious ways, they have engendered suspicion.
So is it a secret organisation whose members 'look after' each other?
"If people don't know what is going on, they assume something bad is going on," he concedes. "Of course, we do look after each other, as anybody would - but it is a family organisation, you may not use it for business or self-enhancement. There is no doubt that you would want to talk to people you know if you wanted advice or help, business or otherwise - but isn't that the same as the 'old school' network or the golf club or the rugby club?"
To think otherwise would be "foolish", he says. But apart from the ceremonial aspects of its existence most of their energy is "devoted to self-improvement, charitable deeds and sociability".
A little bit of the paranoia surrounding the Masons comes out when I bring up the subject of Jonathan Corrie, the homeless man who died two doors down from the Masons splendid building last December.
"We were extremely relieved that he didn't die in our portico, because there are certain elements in the media who would use that to get at us." But the Grand Master quickly adds that homelessness is one of the charities that the organisation supports.
After seeing the Lodge Room, which is the main ceremonial chamber in the building, I thought I had seen it all. Not so. There are other rooms that have made the Masons headquarters among the most popular destination for visitors to Dublin on 'Culture Night' and Heritage Week.
The Grand Master is determined I see it all, so he brings me to the Princes Room, a smaller room with carved seats and ancients pendants hanging from the walls, an 'invitation only' club within the organisation. Then off to the Knights Templar's room, which a magnificent chimney piece, a carving on the wall flanked by carved skull and cross bones resonating of the 'Da Vinci code', which both of us regarded as rubbish.
"We have nothing to hide" he says, showing me through double doors and into the Egyptian-themed red 'Royal Arch Chapter' with its Pharaoh heads and candelabras along the walls.
"It's not that mysterious" he says, "this theme was a big thing among the Victorians."
His own office is functionary and far from the grandeur and mystery of the meeting rooms above.
"It is a family organisation, but you have to be careful it doesn't take over from the family, because there are so many meetings and so much to do" he says.
Down here, the only indication of his role is a large gold medallion as a paperweight on a pile of documents on his desk. He says he had no family connection to the Masons, only joining when he was asked by a friend.
Nor had he any ambition to become Grand Master, but to his surprise he was appointed Deputy by the previous Grand Master and will complete his first year in that role on 28th of November.
The organisation is still in a healthy state, with 550 lodges around Ireland, a good proportion in Northern Ireland, where it was "a haven" for people from both communities during the Troubles.
"At the moment, society is in a serious state of flux, in many respects formal religion and politics have let people down and people have looked to us in some way as a form of stability" he says, adding: "Of course, it is not a substitute for religion or politics, but the majority of people live decent lives and see Freemasonry as an addition to that."
The Masons have neither an affinity with the Orange Order nor with the Catholic Knights of Columbanus, although Douglas Grey's own lodge contributes to the 'Knights' Christmas dinner for old folks and did consider inviting the Knights over for supper - "but they are a religious organisation and we are not".
Out on Molesworth Street once again, it is like having been on an exotic journey into history, yet the Freemasons are a living organisation that will throw its doors open again on Culture Night next Friday. There are some who see a sinister side to it, but the internet is full of conspiracy theories.
What I saw was a fraternal men's club, people who like dressing up and indulging in ancient rituals and ceremonies and doing good for themselves and others.
What's wrong with that?
The Young Musician of the Year takes place in the Freemason's Hall, 17 Molesworth Street, Dublin, with the semi-finals on Thursday, October 8 and the final on Saturday, October 10. See www.freemasonsmusic.ie.
Sunday Independent
Casting speculation for Game of Thrones is a little funny this year. Being so far off the books, we're a bit lost! But there's still fun to be had, and thankfully our sources are still providing. We've just received a nice batch of season 7 casting breakdowns, offering up info about a variety of roles the show has recently been casting. Let's see what we can glean from the new casting info!
As has become the standard, there are no names on the roles, only generic titles.
If you don't like potential spoilers, then this is not the post for you.
General, in the age range 40 – 55. He's a senior military officer, and they're looking for a white actor who uses the British RP accent. The actor is needed for the week of September 6th.
Priest, in his 60's. He's a venerable priest with moral authority and gravitas. The show is seeking a white actor, using an RP accent, with characterful face for this part. He's scheduled to shoot one week, from September 22nd.
Warrior, in the 35 – 45 age range. The character is a tough-looking bruiser with the attack skills of a pit bull, and the actor needs to be great at fighting. He has a “considerable” amount of dialogue as well. It's described as an “excellent part for a top-end actor.” Helpful clues in the description? We know it's not a Dothraki character as the actor for the role is required to be white, and they're asking for a neutral and non-posh English accent. This role is currently scheduled to shoot across October.
Gate Guard, in his 20's. The character is described as a “Confident, characterful, straight-talking Northern lad with a great face to play across a very excellent series of scenes.” They're looking someone with wit, timing, and charisma. He's currently scheduled to film between mid-October and mid-November.
City Guard, in his 30's. The show is casting for a city guard who intercepts a suspicious-looking person on his nightly patrol. They require an RP accent for this one. He's set to shoot for a week in mid-October.
Merchant, in his 40's. The merchant appears at an inn during a busy evening. They're seeking a character actor, for a non-combatant role. His appearance is more open, including ethnicity/race. That suggests a character appearing somewhere in Essos- or a place we've never been before, since Daenerys is now on the move. This part is scheduled to shoot the first week of November.
Lovely Lady. Ah yes, what would Game of Thrones be without its courtesans and nudity. The show is casting for an attractive young courtesan who is sure of her own mind. It's described as a “good speaking part” and casting notes that full nudity is required for the role. Similar to the merchant, the lovely lady's physical appearance is open, indicating this role is for somewhere on Essos, or at a new location. She's scheduled to shoot for one week in early October.
Young Lord in his late 20's. He's a tall, handsome young lord, and the show is looking for a white actor who uses the RP accent. He's scheduled to shoot in the week commencing September 20th.
Lieutenant, in his 20's. The character is described as an athletic, physically fit, and disciplined warrior. Appearance-wise, they're looking for someone not white, with Middle Eastern descent mentioned. This bears the hallmarks of a Dothraki character description. He's set to shoot several days across three weeks, between mid-September and mid-November.
There's a lot of mention of RP this time around. To explain, the show tends to use RP accent around King's Landing for its major well-to-do characters. People from the lower class like Davos use a different accent, and Northerners sound more well, northern. So RP often points toward King's Landing but it's not a guarantee.
So what do you think, readers? Who is that suspicious-looking person interrupting the nightly patrol? Which Gate is being guarded this time- Winterfell, Castle Black or another? Have at it!
Tony Watt joins Hearts on season-long loan.
Robbie Neilson has bolstered his attacking options with the capture of Tony Watt on a loan deal.
The Scotland striker joins the Jambos for the season, moving north from parent club Charlton Athletic.
A familiar face to supporters, 22-year-old Tony made the breakthrough at Celtic back in April 2012, scoring a brace in a 3-0 win over Motherwell.
The following season he famously bagged the winner against Barcelona in a Champions League match, before enjoying spells at Lierse, Standard Liege, Cardiff City, Blackburn Rovers and Charlton.
Speaking to Hearts TV, Tony explained the reasons behind his decision to join the Jambos:
“I'm still young and I've got a large chunk of my career ahead of me, so I want to come back up here and play games.
“This is a big club and I want to come back to Scotland and get a bit of stability. I had a stop-start season last year for a variety of reasons, both in terms of injury and being out on loan at a few clubs.
“I'm not far away in terms of fitness, I'm ready to go and just need game time really.
“So I'm looking forward to getting started. I've never played at Tynecastle before, I've been on the bench here once but that's it.
“I'm looking forward to playing here and hopefully the fans will be cheering my name.”
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- A former NYPD officer from New Brighton who pleaded guilty to drug and theft charges last month was busted again on felony drug charges Friday, police said.
Stacey Staniland, 29, sold drugs to an undercover officer on St. Mark's Place near the corner of Westervelt Avenue in New Brighton just before 6 p.m., police said.
It was Staniland's fourth arrest in the past year and may jeopardize the plea deal she reached in October with prosecutors in Staten Island and Brooklyn.
As part of that arrangement, Staniland pleaded guilty to petit larceny and seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance in Staten Island and seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance in Brooklyn under the condition that those convictions would be dismissed and her files sealed if she completed outpatient counseling and drug treatment, and stayed out of trouble.
Staniland, who at one point was assigned to the 122nd Precinct in New Dorp, resigned her NYPD post earlier this year after a spate of arrests.
She was first arrested last December, accused of breaking into the home of her boyfriend's mother on two occasions and stealing jewelry that she later sold at an Elm Park pawn shop, according to a criminal complaint.
Several months later, on May 13, Staniland was suspended from the force after being arrested while on-duty in Brooklyn and charged with misdemeanor counts of drug possession and hypodermic-needle possession, authorities said.
Staniland's third arrest in the past 12 months occurred on July 1, when she lost control of her motorcycle and hit two vehicles waiting at a red light in West Brighton, authorities said.
Officers found drug paraphernalia -- a silver spoon and a syringe -- and 4 1/2 pills of an anti-anxiety drug for which she did not have a prescription, police allege.
On Oct. 23, Staniland pleaded guilty to petit larceny to satisfy charges arising from the alleged burglary and to seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance with regard to the July 1 bust. A week later, on Oct. 30, she pleaded guilty to seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance in connection with the May 13 arrest on drug and drug paraphernalia charges.
According to a deal reached with prosecutors in Brooklyn, her criminal possession of a controlled substance conviction would be vacated if she completed at least six months of treatment. She had been due back in Brooklyn Criminal Court for compliance monitoring on Jan. 29.
Staniland, who is charged with felony criminal sale of a controlled substance following her latest arrest, was arraigned in Stapleton Criminal Court on Saturday and is being held on $15,000 bond or $5,000 cash bail, city Department of Corrections records show.
She's scheduled to appear in court again on Tuesday.
2.3.12
Do you ever feel heavy and tired when you're eating all raw food? Do you know someone who is going through this experience? I mean, isn't the raw food diet supposed to make you look and feel better? Where is the glowing skin, svelte body and endless amounts of energy, right?
Although changing your diet is key to shifting how you look and feel, the other half of the coin is about making sure you're eating the right foods at the right time. Doing so helps your body assimilate nutrients for energy and cleanse out waste. If food can't move through the body properly, it becomes overloaded with toxicity, leaving you feeling bad even though the quality of food you're eating is good. With a few simple tweaks to your diet, proper food pairing can have you experiencing more energy, better skin, better sleep and natural weight loss within a couple of days.
What is Food Combining?
The gist of food combining is that different types of foods digest at different rates and with different enzymes. Some foods digest better in an acidic environment, while others digest better in an alkaline environment.
When you eat several foods that digest at different rates, call for different enzymes or need different pH levels, your digestion gets out of whack and things begin to rot and ferment in your body. This “sludge” turns into stored toxins. When your body can't digest food properly, it misses out on being able to absorb the nutrients in food, leaving you with low energy, breakouts and poor sleep. It's an all around bad deal.
All food combining guidelines take into account the speed at which food digests. Fruit digests the quickest, then greens, then non-starchy vegetables, then starches and finally, digesting the slowest is protein. Eating foods in the correct order (according to their transit times) ensures a traffic jam-free (and toxin-free) digestive tract.
When you get the combining right, your body gets to use the nutrients in the food. This leaves you with more energy, which inevitably equals more beauty.
Here are the food combining basics:
Starches + Veggies = OK
Proteins + Veggies = OK
Proteins + Starches = No No
Plant Proteins + Plant Proteins = OK
Animal Proteins + Animal Proteins = No No
Starches + Starches = OK
Fats + Proteins (animal or plant) = No No (or pair moderately)
Fats + Carbohydrates = OK
Fats + Starches = OK
Fruits are best eaten on an empty stomach
Fruit + Raw greens = OK (except melons)
Common Raw Food Combos That Can Wreck Havoc on Your Health
All of these guidelines can seem overwhelming at first, but it's really quite simple to find meals that work. Let's get on the right track by eliminating a couple of common food combinations in the raw food world that are just plain bad for your body.
1. Avocado with Nuts
Most raw foodies are really into avocados because they're a good source of fat. They'll put them on and in everything. You'll see them on salads, in dressings, in smoothies and on sandwiches. The combination you want to stay away from is eating avocados (a fat) with nuts (a protein). The raw fat properties of the avocado have an inhibiting effect of the digestion of the protein in nuts.
2. Fruit for dessert
Fruit digests the quickest. It passes through the stomach in a matter of twenty to thirty minutes. Eating fruit for dessert will cause a traffic jam in your digestive tract. The fruit will sit on top of whatever else is in your stomach and begin to ferment. By the time it reaches your intestines, there will be barely any nutrients left to absorb. This will leave you feeling bloated and tired. Fruit is best eaten first or with green veggies. After twenty minutes, you can follow it up with a protein or starch.
3. Green smoothie with seeds and/or nuts
Green smoothies can easily turn into a hodgepodge of ingredients. It's easy to get excited about a nutritious drink and go with the mentality that the more nutrients you can pack in there, the better. To keep it nice and easy for the digestive tract, try to stick with green veggies, fruits (except for mangoes) and water in your smoothie. Things get difficult when we add in seeds, nut milks, fruit juice, sweeteners, etc.
4. Olive Oil + Nuts
Olive oil and nuts are commonly combined in pesto and salad dressings. Olive oil is a fat and nuts are a protein. Again, the raw fat has an inhibiting effect of the digestion of the protein.
5. Quinoa Salad
Starches (like quinoa) and greens (like a salad) are okay to eat during the same sitting, but really should not be eaten together. The greens digest faster than the quinoa, so they are best eaten first.
6. Hemp milk with an un-sprouted grain for breakfast
Hemp milk is considered a protein, even though the seeds have changed form. The grains are a starch. Proteins require an acidic environment to be broken down. Starches require enzymes that act only on an alkaline environment. If an acidic environment and an alkaline environment are attempting to coexist, they end up neutralizing each other. The digestive system then goes into overdrive in an attempt to secrete more digestive juices to try to break down the food again, and so on and so on. This will leave you tired, gassy and/or bloated. Sprouting your grains is a good option. Sprouting grains neutralizes the enzyme inhibitors and starts the production of beneficial enzymes, which make them easier to digest.
Please leave a comment below. What has been your experience with food combining? Does it make a difference?
Female soccer league won't play this season DIGEST
Women's Professional Soccer won't play the 2012 season amid a legal dispute with an ousted owner.
The league's Board of Governors voted to suspend the season with hopes of resuming in 2013, the WPS announced.
In October, it terminated its South Florida franchise after clashing with owner Dan Borislow all season. A Florida judge ruled earlier this month that the league failed to follow its dispute procedures when it terminated the franchise, and another court hearing is set for Wednesday.
WPS CEO Jennifer O'Sullivan said owners chose to cancel the season over possibly working with Borislow in the league again.
-- A coroner in England ruled that Wales manager Gary Speed might have killed himself accidentally. Speed died of hanging but that there was insufficient evidence to prove that he had committed suicide.
-- The U.S. men's soccer team is negotiating to play Scotland in an exhibition game May 26 or 27. The Americans, preparing for the start of World Cup qualifying, also are negotiating to play Brazil on May 30 or 31, at Landover, Md., or Foxborough, Mass.
ELSEWHERE
Brooks Robinson still hospitalized
Hall of Fame third baseman Brooks Robinson remains hospitalized in Florida with a shoulder injury following a freak fall from a stage.
Robinson fractured his shoulder blade in the fall, which occurred Friday during a player reception in Hollywood, Fla. before the annual Joe DiMaggio Legends Game.
Robinson, 74, did not receive a head injury, said his representative, Diane Hock.
"He's resting comfortably," Hock said.
College football: NCAA President Mark Emmert is reiterating his support of a two-game, four-team BCS playoff to determine a national champion.
Emmert said there are discussions about what he described as a Final Four model, which would've matched LSU against Stanford and Alabama versus Oklahoma State this season, with the winners advancing to the title game.
-- A person familiar with the decision says Rutgers assistant Kyle Flood has accepted an offer to replace Greg Schiano as the team's head coach.
Todd Stabelfeldt has been paralyzed from the shoulders down since a gun accident at age 8 severed his spinal cord, leaving him confined to a wheelchair as a quadriplegic. Using iOS Switch Control, he's gained new abilities and independence through accessible technology. And now--using HomeKit and Siri--his entire home has become accessible.
In a profile by Chiara Sottile for NBC News, Stabelfeldt demonstrated his ability to navigate iOS using Siri and Switch Control, a feature that enables users to bypass their disabilities using alternative Bluetooth-connected input devices."I use voice recognition on my iPhone, pretty much every day all day," Stabelfeldt said, adding that he sends over 100 texts on an average day completes a phone call about every six minutes. Before Siri, the couple had to rely upon caregivers to relay messages. Now they can communicate directly.
Apple's award-winning Accessibly
"Apple has done more for accessibility than any other company to date"
Accessible tech has also empowered Stabelfeldt to run his own IT consulting business and a charity, the TSM Foundation, designed to help others who use a wheelchair.Throughout his home, Stabelfeldt and his wife Karen have also taken advantage of Apple's HomeKit to automate the real world: opening doors, activating locks, turning on lights and closing shades.His automated home appears in the new iOS 10 Home app as "the Quadthedral," taking advantage of customized scenes to trigger a group of automation tasks, such as opening the garage, disabling the security system and turning on entry lights when arriving at home.Sarah Herrlinger, Apple's senior manager of accessibility policy and initiatives, stated in the report, "We put a lot of time and effort into making sure our products are as accessible as possible for all users. For some people, doing something like turning on your lights or opening a blind or changing your thermostat might be seen as a convenience, but for others, that represents empowerment, and independence, and dignity."Apple has long pushed to make open accessibility a key feature of its hardware products and software development platforms.Apple began bundling VoiceOver, an interactive screen reader for users with visual or motor disabilities, on its iPods, iOS devices and Macs for free starting with OS X 10.4 Tiger in 2004, followed by support included in iOS for the 2009 iPhone 3GS and various iPod models including the iPod nano released the same year.Since then, Apple has developed assistive technologies including 2011's Siri --which debuted on iPhone 4s; Switch Control for iOS and Macs; the and last fall, Live Listen for users with hearing impairments.Siri expanded to support Eyes Free uses in cars starting in 2012, followed by CarPlay in 2014. Siri has also become a key feature in the company's emerging business of wearables, both with Apple Watch and the new AirPods, where Siri serves as the primary user interface.Mark A. Riccobono, president of the National Federation of the Blind, stated that "Apple has done more for accessibility than any other company to date."The comment echoed praise from blind-from-birth performer Stevie Wonder, who in 2011 told his audience, "I want you all to give a hand to someone that you know whose health is very bad at this time. His company took the challenge in making his technology accessible to everyone. In the spirit of caring and moving the world forward, Steve Jobs."He added, "because there's nothing on the iPhone or iPad that you can do that I can't do. As a matter of fact, I can be talking to you, you can be looking at me, and I can be doing whatever I need to do and you don't even know what I'm doing!"Last year at its Worldwide Developer Convention, Apple hosted accessibility advocate Haben Girma, who spoke to attendees about the value of designing products with disabled users in mind.
Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses a plenary session titled "Capitalizing on the New Global Economic Reality" as part of the 20th St. Petersburg International Economic Forum, June 17, 2016.
President Vladimir Putin said it makes sense to form a broader Eurasian partnership on the basis of the Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU) that would involve China, India, Pakistan, Iran and a number of CIS countries.
"We suggest thinking about formation of a great Eurasian partnership with the participation of the EAEU as well as countries with which we have already formed close relations: China, India, Pakistan, Iran and of course, we have in view our partners in the CIS, other interested states and unions," Putin said at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum on June 17.
Meanwhile, Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev proposed to hold a Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU) - European Union (EU) forum to search for ways of rapprochement of the two integration unions.
"When I was in Brussels, I talked about the necessity of holding a joint EAEU-EU forum to gather experts, scholars and businessmen and explain to them the essence of the union we have formed," Nazarbayev said at the SPIEF.
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
SubRosa Condemns Mormon Church's LGBTQ Policy In Powerful Video
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chris Martindale/Courtesy of the artist Chris Martindale/Courtesy of the artist
At first, the concluding song on SubRosa's For This We Fought The Battle of Ages feels like the haunting denouement to an arc largely inspired by Yevgeny Zamyatin's 1921 dystopian novel We. When the album was released this past August, "Troubled Cells" was revealed not only as a departure from the primary source material but as a bold, extremely personal statement by singer/songwriter/guitarist Rebecca Vernon and the Salt Lake City doom-metal band.
Although based in the epicenter of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Vernon is one of only a handful of local musicians who is of the Mormon faith. And while the push and pull between conservative Mormon teachings and the more liberal views of the artistic community can present a struggle, that was amplified one year ago when the church announced that gay members of the church who marry will face excommunication. In addition, the new policy also forbids children of gay parents to be baptized until they turn 18 — and then only if they formally disavow their parents' lifestyle.
As a firm supporter of LGBTQ rights, this hit Vernon hard, and as she dreaded, the suicide rate among LGBTQ Mormons escalated in the wake of the announcement. Partially inspired by Ursula K. Le Guin's short story "The Ones Who Walk Away From Omelas," she wrote "Troubled Cells" in an effort to spread awareness about just how threatened and ostracized LGBTQ people in the Mormon community feel. "Troubled Cells" is a somber track that taps into the atmospherics of early Black Sabbath ballads, Led Zeppelin's "No Quarter" and 1980s gothic rock for sonic inspiration; violinists Kim Pack and Sarah Pendleton provide gorgeous accompaniment. Vernon doesn't hold back in her condemnation, capping off the song with the line "Paradise is a lie if we have to burn you at the stake to get inside."
Now, SubRosa has collaborated with Los Angeles filmmaker Danica Vallone to create a beautiful and heartbreaking story, filmed in the Mojave Desert, for the track. Vernon says, "Our video is focused on outreach to LGBTQ youth and spreading awareness and changing people's minds and hearts." She and Vallone spoke with NPR about the song and video.
YouTube
What has the reaction been since you came forward with your struggles with the Mormon faith and its stance against LGBTQ people?
Rebecca Vernon: Well, I've always had struggles with my faith since I was 14, mostly centered around how basic and simple things can become so twisted and far removed from their original intent, thanks to humans.
There has not been much of a huge reaction in my personal life because 95 percent of my friends are not Mormon and they all see eye-to-eye with me on this issue. So almost all the reaction I have gotten has been positive and supportive so far. I expect that to not so much be the case after the video comes out.
For those of us who lack the perspective, just how difficult is it for a Mormon in Salt Lake City to take such a public stance against something the church says?
Vernon: It is actually not at all difficult in a general sense. There is plenty of diversity in Salt Lake City, plenty of freedom of expression and of the press, and Mormons are in the minority here. There is a thriving counterculture, with a huge music and art scene, restaurant scene, several prominent alternative weeklies like SLUG (Salt Lake UnderGround) Magazine, Salt Lake City Weekly and QSalt Lake Magazine (Salt Lake's LGBTQ news, entertainment, arts magazine). And surprisingly enough, Salt Lake has a very strong, supportive LGBTQ community and, in a recent New York Times/SCRUFF survey, was ranked as one of the top 5 "Surprisingly Gay Friendly Travel Destinations."
Where most of the band will encounter difficulty is among Mormon members of our families being upset with us for taking a stand. Four of the five members of the band have at least some Mormon family members who might disapprove, and could face this difficulty. I don't want to make my own family upset on purpose, of course, but the band still felt it was very important for us to do this.
Why did you choose Danica Vallone and Kinetic Pictures to make the video? How did you learn about her?
Vernon: We met Danica Vallone one star-crossed night at Psycho California fest in Santa Ana in May 2015. She came up to us after the show and said she wanted us to be involved with a theater project she was working on. We instantly liked her and clicked with her and stayed in touch. When I told her a year later that our initial plans for the video were falling through, she called a few filmmaker friends to see if they were interested in directing it, and she finally landed on Thomas Dekker, with Danica herself as co-director and producer.
I can't say enough good things about director Thomas, co-director and producer Danica, co-producer Connor Sullivan and all the rest of the film crew, who donated 100 percent of their time and energy for this project. They saw what we were trying to do and believed in it so much that they were willing to make huge sacrifices to make it happen. I was blown away by their passion, hunger for excellence and perfection and work ethic. And it is amazing the way Danica can inspire such commitment and action from people.
How much input did you have regarding the video's concept?
Vernon: Kim [Pack] and I came up with the basic idea of the video narrative (the children traveling in the desert, the wood carver) while we were on a hike one day. We were really agonizing over the video concept for quite some weeks, and then the idea just burst upon us that day. We shared the narrative with Danica, thinking she would laugh at us because the storyline is very simple and straightforward — not abstract, sophisticated and artsy like some other great music videos she's worked on. But she seemed to instantly grasp the narrative, was able to visualize it and offered tweaks to the storyline that made it even better, like expanding the wood carver's part in the video. It was such an incredible experience to have her comprehend our vision so quickly.
How well do you think the video turned out?
Vernon: We feel like the video turned out better than our greatest expectations. It was such an odd, exhilarating feeling watching actual scenes Kim and I had pictured and talked about coming to life in front of our eyes in the Mojave Desert during filming.
Anything we had pictured or envisioned as the final project was more than surpassed by the actual final project put out by Thomas Dekker, Danica Vallone and the whole Kinetic Pictures film crew.
What kind of pushback, if any, have you seen against the Mormon church since you took your stance?
Vernon: There has been quite a big pushback since Nov. 5, 2015, from many different groups since the policy came out (not since we took our stance, though; we don't have that big of an influence here). Many different LGBTQ support groups, those affiliated with the church and those who aren't, seemed to instantly grasp the damage and the danger such a policy could cause to the lives and mental well-being of one of our state's most vulnerable populations. Many LGBTQ people and allies were galvanized to action like I was, to speak out, to volunteer and to do something, anything, to voice disagreement and alarm in small and big ways.
There has been plenty of pressure on the church leaders [to retract] the policy, with face-to-face meetings, tears, pleading, education and advocacy. However, so far, nothing has changed formally at the highest levels of the church.
I have no idea if our video will have an influence at that level. Our video is focused on outreach to LGBTQ youth and spreading awareness and changing people's minds and hearts.
Danica Vallone, how much freedom did the band give you, as far as the video's concept went?
Danica Vallone: I've wanted to work with SubRosa for some time. The Ursula K. Le Guin short story "The Ones Who Walk Away From Omelas," upon which the song was inspired, was already a personal favorite and the message resonated with me. Since our tastes align so well, it was very easy to establish a solid rapport and basis of trust that easily transitioned into complete freedom and fluidity of expression. They knew my heart was in the right place and quickly saw that the level of execution that my team could deliver was enough to set any fears or reservations to rest.
When I told them I wanted to bury an 8-year-old child alive in a sand pit in the desert, they smiled and said, "OK, Danica. We trust you. It'll look great!"
Can you explain the video, and how it correlates with what Rebecca wrote about in the song, to readers?
Vallone: The story centers upon two children traveling through a desert wasteland in search of paradise. Everyone in their world bares a symbol on their chest, but the younger traveler's symbol sets him apart as an outsider. At every encounter we see him ostracized and punished for this difference, culminating in his final and ultimate rejection from the gates of paradise. Rather than calling out and denying his brother's chance at Utopia, he walks away and allows the desert to swallow him whole.
The chorus of SubRosa's "Troubled Cells" and the crux of the film's meaning are one and the same: "Paradise is a lie" if it comes at the expense of being true to yourself, or sacrificing the ones you love.
What was it like filming the video out in the desert? What challenges were you faced with?
Vallone: From the start, we knew we had an incredibly ambitious shoot with very little time and even less money. Even still, the scope of the project continued to grow. We were dealing with harsh physical environments, grueling heat, forest fires sweeping California — forcing sudden changes to shooting locations and a myriad of schedule conflicts. But the cause was so great and the emotional investment so large, we knew there was no turning back.
How satisfied are you with the end result?
Vallone: One of the most impressive things about this project is the human element — the crew itself. Every single one of us donated 100 percent of our time and resources to make this video possible, forgoing our usual rates and declining all other jobs.
Each and every one of us was somehow connected in a deep and personal way to the message. Many of us are members of the LGBTQ community, many of us grew up under the weight of religious repression and many of us have been deeply impacted by the devastation of losing someone we love to suicide.
Never before in all of my years working in this industry have I seen a crew band together with such purity of conviction — without which this film would not exist. That is what I am most proud of. It's easy to think that we live in a cynical, money-driven, apathetic world. Projects like this provide us the opportunity to believe otherwise.
I can easily say this is one of the most worthy projects I have worked on and I am honored to have been a part of it. We were paid in scorpions, rattlesnakes and mosquito bites. Oh yeah, and love. Lots of love.
For This We Fought The Battle of Ages is out now on Profound Lore. SubRosa goes on a U.S. tour in November.
This year's Emmy nominations were announced this morning, and once again GAME OF THRONES and HBO kicked ass and took names.HBO collected more nominations than any other network... once again.And GAME OF THRONES was responsible for a big chunk of those... 23 nominations all told, more than any other series... for the second year in a row (we had 24 last year).Last year we won Best Drama, and we're nominated once again this year, so we have a chance to make it two in a row... against a formidable lineup of competitors in HOMELAND, DOWNTON ABBEY, MR. ROBOT, BETTER CALL SAUL, THE AMERICANS, and HOUSE OF CARDS.David Benioff and D.B. Weiss got a nod for Writing, which they won last year.For directing, two nominations: Jack Bender for "The Door" and Miguel Sapochnik for "Battle of the Bastards."And in the acting categories, GAME OF THRONES had its best year yet. Max Von Sydow was nominated for Best Actor in a Guest Role. Peter Dinklage and Kit Harrington both got nods for Best Supporting Actor. And in Best Supporting Actress, GOT snagged not one, not two, but three nominations; Emilia Clarke, Lena Headey, and Maisie Williams will all be vying for the Emmy.I am thrilled and happy for all our nominees, of course... but it made me especially happy to see Kit and Maisie get some love from the Academy at last. About damn time, I say. They are several years overdue. (And I would have loved to see Sophie Turner on that list as well. I know, I know, I'm greedy).For a full list of the nominees, go here:The awards will be presented on September 18 in Los Angeles. Two days ahead of my birthday this year, but maybe we'll get some presents anyway.
The Turkish immigrant who founded the New York-based maker of Greek yogurt announced Tuesday his 2,000 workers will get a stake worth up to 10 percent of the company, whose value is thought to be in the billions.
NEW BERLIN, N.Y. — The 2,000 full-time employees of the yogurt company Chobani were handed quite the surprise Tuesday: an ownership stake that could make some of them millionaires.
Hamdi Ulukaya, the Turkish immigrant who founded Chobani in 2005, told workers at the company's plant here in upstate New York that he would be giving them shares worth up to 10 percent of the company when it goes public or is sold. The goal, he said, is to pass along the wealth they have helped build in the decade since the company started. Chobani is now widely considered to be worth several billion dollars.
“I've built something I never thought would be such a success, but I cannot think of Chobani being built without all these people,” Ulukaya said in an interview in his Manhattan office.
“Now they'll be working to build the company even more and building their future at the same time,” he said.
Chobani employees received the news Tuesday morning. Each worker received a white packet; inside was information about how many Chobani shares they were given. The number of shares given to each person is based on tenure, so the longer an employee has been at the company, the bigger the stake.
Two years ago, when Chobani received a loan from TPG Capital, a private equity firm, the company's value was estimated at $3 billion to $5 billion. At the $3 billion valuation, the average employee payout would be $150,000. The earliest employees, though, will most likely be given many more shares, possibly worth more than $1 million.
Rich Lake, lead project manager, was one of the original group of five employees Ulukaya hired for the plant in New Berlin. Lake, whose son is grown, said Tuesday that he did not expect Chobani shares to change his life much. “I'm not one for living outside my means,” he said.
Rather, he said, the shares are an acknowledgment of what he and the other employees have put into Chobani.
“It's better than a bonus or a raise,” Lake said. “It's the best thing because you're getting a piece of this thing you helped build.”
The transfer of money by Ulukaya touches on a hot-button economic issue: the rapidly expanding gap in pay between executives and average workers. The United States has one of the widest pay gaps, and the topic has played a prominent role in this year's presidential race, particularly among the Democrats.
The shares given to Chobani employees are coming directly from Ulukaya. The shares can be sold if the company goes public or is bought by another business, neither of which seems imminent. Employees can hang onto the shares if they leave or retire, or the company will buy them back.
The unusual announcement comes before TPG Capital, whose $750 million loan helped bail out Chobani, can buy a stake in the company. Tension between Ulukaya and TPG about the direction of the company emerged shortly after the loan deal.
TPG has warrants to buy 20 percent or more of Chobani's shares, depending on targets set in the original deal it struck. But that percentage would now be calculated from the 90 percent of the remaining shares, after the 10 percent given to the employees, essentially diluting TPG's potential stake.
TPG declined to comment Tuesday.
In addition, a year ago Ulukaya settled a lawsuit with his ex-wife, who had sought a stake in the company. The terms of the settlement were not released.
This sort of transfer of shares to employees is rare in the food industry. In one of the few notable examples, Bob Moore, the founder of Bob's Red Mill, a Milwaukie, Ore.-based grains and cereals producer, handed control of the company to its employees in 2010 with the creation of an employee stock ownership program.
Technology startups often pay employees partly in shares to help recruit them or to compete in a company's early days for in-demand workers. Early employees of Google and Facebook became overnight multimillionaires, thanks to such compensation.
But unlike many of those tech companies, Ulukaya is giving his employees a piece of the company after its value is firmly established.
“It's very uncommon and rare, especially in this industry, for these kinds of programs to be rolled out,” said Jessica Kennedy, a principal at Mercer, the large human-resources consulting firm that worked with Chobani on the new program.
Ulukaya has played a hands-on role in the company since 2005, when he bought a defunct Kraft yogurt plant here with an $800,000 loan from the Small Business Administration. Two years later, he began selling Greek yogurt, setting off a heated competition in what had been one of the sleepier refrigerated cases in grocery stores.
Chobani pays employees above the minimum wage and offers full-time employees health benefits and other benefits. Early on, Ulukaya established a 401(k) plan for employees and pushed them to participate.
“I preached and nagged and tried to force them to do it,” he said. “Unfortunately, not all did, and I've continued to worry about them in retirement.”
A few years ago, though, the company ran into financial problems after spending almost half a billion dollars to build the largest yogurt-processing plant in the world, a 1-million-square-foot facility in Twin Falls, Idaho. The new plant allowed the company to expand into new products, like a children's yogurt packed in a tube and tiny cups of dessertlike yogurts.
But the company struggled to get lines up and running smoothly, and public-health officials identified mold contamination in some products.
“It was a wake-up call for us,” Ulukaya said soberly. “It made me realize that I needed to get this right, and so I'm glad it happened.”
The company had to close lines and invest in improving its food-safety regimens.
It also took the loan from TPG Capital to help build operations better suited to the billion-dollar business Chobani had become.
In a presentation to investors, though, TPG boasted about how it had waited until the last minute to come to Chobani's rescue with the loan, thus allowing it to negotiate better terms in a deal that it estimated could increase the company's value to as much as $7 billion.
In addition, rumors circulated that TPG wanted to replace Ulukaya with a new chief executive, which rankled him.
But in the last year or so, business has rebounded, thanks in large part to new products made at the Idaho plant.
Ulukaya will still own the vast majority of the company, though his portion will be diluted as well.
He said that giving his employees a stake in the company's success was among the terms he demanded when the deal with TPG was struck.
“To me, there are two kinds of people in this world,” he said on Tuesday. “The people who work at Chobani and the people who don't.”
Google last week settled a major privacy suit in the US over personal data the company collected during its Street View mapping project. As part of the settlement, Google agreed to pay a $7 million fine, run a public education campaign, and train its employees on how to avoid violating the privacy of Google users.
On that last point, Google said it would hold an annual privacy week for employees. What will the company discuss? Here is a presentation, imagined by Quartz, that a Google executive might deliver to advise employees on avoiding the company's past mistakes. All of these examples are drawn from Google's previous privacy flaps.
​
​
​
For instance, by linking to it from the homepage.
​
​
Especially not if she's a teenager.
​
​
Only take information about the routers themselves.
​
​
Especially not if you're already asking for her city of birth.
​
​
If you don't, it's sure to create the wrong kind of Buzz.
​
​
We certainly don't need another controversy to get pegged with the suffix “-gate.”
​
​
Yes, even if she's using Safari, which turns tracking off by default.
Schwartz's, the legendary Montreal restaurant famous for its smoked meat, was sold at the beginning of January for around $10 million to a group of investors that may include none other than René Angélil, husband and manager of superstar Céline Dion, according to sources close to the deal.
Le Huffington Post Quebec has learned that the transaction took place around Jan. 7, after which the now-former owner, businessman Hy Diamond, filed a request for dissolution of his business with the Registre des entreprises du Québec - the province's business registry. The sale of the uber-popular deli was motivated by a desire simply to move on, sources told HuffPost Quebec.
Several investors have shown interest in acquiring Schwartz's, but few were prepared to fork over the hefty sum, according to another source who spoke to HuffPost Quebec. Other sources say the restaurant is now the property of a group of investors, with two prominent names apparently in the mix: Angélil and Paul Sara (Angélil's cousin). The two previously ventured into the restaurant business in the 1990s with the Nickels franchise.
Loyal Employees
Montreal media has been abuzz with rumours of the potential sale, which started earlier this week when English paper The Gazette reported rumours of the sale. Angélil's connection to the sale was revealed early Sunday morning by Le Journal de Montréal.
But the deli's employees aren't saying much on the record about the business' change-of-hands, and were advised not to speak about the sale. "We know there has been a sale, but have been asked not to comment on the matter," Schwartz's day manager told HuffPost Quebec, visibly uncomfortable with the question.
Other servers seemed indifferent about the names of the future owners. "Our customers are our only priority, much more so than knowing who the owner is," one said with a smile.
Schwartz's has enjoyed phenomenal success since it was opened in 1928 by Reuben Schwartz. Locals, tourists and celebrities alike -- Angélil is a well-known fan, and his and Dion's picture is on the deli's wall of fame -- flock daily to the Montreal institution on St. Laurent Boulevard for the famous smoked meats, fries, pickles and more. The long lineups are almost as legendary as the sandwiches at the sole location.
As such, it wouldn't be surprising if the new owners were interested in expanding the Schwartz's brand beyond the Main according to Journal de Montréal's food writer, Thierry Daraize, who said in the report that tourists would love to be able to get their Schwartz's fix elsewhere.
"The brand has huge potential for expansion," he said. "As long as they can preserve their famous recipe."
Schwartz's popularity has thus far spawned a line of merchandise and spices, a book, documentary film, and even a musical.
If an expansion is on the horizon, Angélil could likely foot the bill if he is indeed a co-owner; His wife and sole talent protégé Dion had a reported net worth of about $250 million in 2007 and banked $19 million in 2010 - 11 on the strength of her Las Vegas show alone, according to Forbes.
With files from Lisa Yeung
Also on HuffPost
Why we use web components and Polymer May 18, 2016 three minutes reading time
I've been planning to write this post for a while now as we get questions like this a lot: “Why does Home Assistant use Polymer? Why not React, Redux and what not?”
It's understandable, Polymer is quite the underdog in the world of web frameworks. A corporate backer does not guarantee popularity or an active community and this shows in the number of projects using Polymer.
Still, we use Polymer and it's awesome. To explain why, I'll be referencing the React workflow quite a bit, as they do a lot of things right, and show how it is done in Polymer.
Polymer gives us components for the web, just like React, but based on web standards: web components, CSS variables. These standards don't have wide browser support yet but it's being implemented by every major browser: It's the future. For now they are being polyfilled and that works just fine but in the future the Home Assistant web app will be able to run native in the browsers == fast.
Polymer does not have the nice developer experience that one can have with React and the React Dev Tools but that's a matter of time. The developer tools in every browser have seen a lot of improvements recently and each improvement helps support for web components.
Another major benefit of Polymer for Home Assistant is that we get material design for free. The material design components that come with Polymer have a very high quality. Google is using these components themselves and make sure that performance and accessibility using screen readers/keyboards are great. As an open source project, the more we can outsource, the better - so our contributors can focus on the core product: home automation.
What about Flux, data management and interaction between components? It's actually pretty similar to React or any other component based framework. Flux-like architectures work with Polymer just like with React: whenever data changes it will update the attributes of a component which will propagate to the children. For Home Assistant we use NuclearJS with our own Polymer bindings. For data moving from child to parent the Polymer pattern is using DOM events instead of callbacks but the end result is the same. It is so similar in fact, that it took me only two hours to make a React Native frontend for on top of our core.
So what about Babel and ES2015? Also this is covered. Each web component exists of a HTML template and a JavaScript class to back it. Think of the HTML template as the render method in React. In Home Assistant we have the HTML templates import one another and have a separate chain for the JavaScript classes backing each component. This allows us to use Babel and NPM modules for the JavaScript part (more info here). This does however come with the downside of other JS based frameworks: the browser blocks any painting while the JavaScript is being parsed instead of upgrading the website incrementally. This, however, is something we take for granted right now and hope that module bundlers will be able to solve this for us eventually. Tree shaking is a very promising improvement in this space.
Most of this blog post has been comparing Polymer to React. In many ways Polymer is similar to React but it is not as far evolved yet. I like React but I do not see it as a technology that will be around forever. Given the trend of previous popular JS frameworks, React will probably get replaced by another framework that works even better. Web components however will be here forever as they are part of the HTML standard. And this gives us peace of mind at the virtual Home Assistant headquarters: we do not have to be afraid of having to rewrite our frontend just to stay relevant or because people don't want to include another dependency just to run this legacy piece.
So there it is, the reason why we use Polymer.
The bluster and passion over campus carry in Texas and other states is irrelevant, one associate dean in Arkansas argues.
“If you really think that there are no guns on college campuses in Texas, or elsewhere, because there is a law that forbids having guns on campus, you are mistaken,” Erik Gilbert, an associate dean and history professor at Arkansas State University, wrote for The Chronicle of Higher Education.
Students already bring concealed weapons onto campuses illegally, he said. Campus-carry laws, which have sparked contentious debates in Texas, Missouri, Alabama, and Georgia, among other states, won't affect the safety of students, professors, and faculty that much.
“If those illegally armed students were not moved to violence by the content of your course or the statements of their fellow students, it seems highly improbable that a new group of legally armed students will prove to be more volatile or violence-prone than their scofflaw peers,” Gilbert wrote.
Media coverage and local culture affect the campus debate. It's difficult to say with certainty, but in rural regions and campuses in the south and west, a concealed weapon illegally on campus is more common than in urban areas or the northeast. Gun ownership rates are higher in those areas, and students or staff could carry a weapon onto campus unintentionally or for convenience.
In a strange way, that should be encouraging. Gun owners with a concealed-handgun permit are extremely law abiding. They carry responsibly and haven't posed a threat on campus. Gilbert's over-arching theme concerns “flawed risk assessment.” Talking about guns on campus gives students and staff anxiety. The possibility that someone could invade a refuge of intellectual pursuits with a gun and the intent to harm is alarming. Regardless of the likelihood of it happening, those people on campus who aren't used to guns will feel threatened.
Concerns about accidents and unintentional harm are legitimate, as is the concern of irrational action from a gun owner. Luckily, post-campus carry states aren't in a dystopian future. The future, Gilbert reminds his audience, is now. Even with guns on campus, the threat to higher education is minimal, and not much of a change from the present.
Latest Videos
Opinion
Championship form table tells all about Newcastle's recent ‘disastrous' run…
If you asked any Newcastle fans how the club have done recently, I'm guessing the vast majority wouldn't place NUFC very highly in the Championship form table.
The table below shows all 24 clubs' form going back to the end of December.
In that time period we have seen the defeat at lowly Blackburn, throwing away two points against QPR and away from the on the pitch action, we also had the ‘bonus' of being the only promotion chasing club not to bring in a single signing in the entire January transfer window.
No wonder so many Toon fans are so depressed…
However, sometimes a little perspective is needed.
If you look below, you will see the Championship form table showing Brighton in 7th, Reading in 5th, Leeds 4th, Huddersfield 3rd and Newcastle…top!
Yes, Newcastle have done better than all 23 other Championship clubs, including their four serious promotion rivals.
In these last half a dozen matches, Jonjo Shelvey missed the first three of them, whilst Dwight Gayle missed the last three and only played 28 minutes of the Brentford one before injury forced him off.
Newcastle's last six results listed with the latest result first;
Newcastle 1 Derby o
Newcastle 2 QPR 2
Newcastle 4 Rotherham 0
Brentford 1 Newcastle 2
Blackburn 0 Newcastle 0
Newcastle 3 Forest 1
Championship form table over the past six matches:
It isn't a case of complacency and yes, the 13 points from the last 18 could easily, and should, have been 18 from 18 but maybe sometimes you just have to accept that during a season you are going to get some bad luck and self-inflicted wounds.
Plus, looking at the Championship results as a whole, it does look as though this time of the season sees a lot of up and down form with a concentration of matches and the diversion of the FA Cup…
If you are looking to get to any of the upcoming matches, ticket details are shown below.
Saturday 11 February – Wolves v Newcastle (5.30pm) – SKY SPORTS
Newcastle United's 4,200+ allocation is now completely sold out.
Tuesday 14 February – Norwich v Newcastle (7.45pm)
Tickets are now on general sale to all Newcastle fans, priced at Adults £35, OAPs £25, U18s £20, U12s £12.
Monday 20 February – Newcastle v Aston Villa (8pm) – SKY SPORTS
A public sale now to all fans when booking online, in person or on the phone.
Saturday 25 February – Newcastle v Bristol City (3pm)
A public sale now to all fans when booking online, then from Thursday 9 Feb you can buy them in person or on the phone.
Tuesday 28 February – Brighton v Newcastle (7.45pm) – SKY SPORTS
Tickets now on sale to all-season ticket holder sale now (zero loyalty points needed), tickets priced £32 adults, £24 over 65s and 21-24s, Under 18s £18, Under 10s £10.
Saturday 4 March – Huddersfield v Newcastle (5.30pm) – SKY SPORTS
Tickets went on sale Tuesday 7 Feb to season ticket holders with 110 loyalty points. Prices are £30 for adults, £20 for over-60s, £10 for under-18s.
Tuesday 7 March – Reading v Newcastle (7.45pm)
Ticket details to be confirmed.
Saturday 11 March – Newcastle v Fulham (3pm)
Ticket details to be confirmed.
Saturday 18 March – Birmingham v Newcastle (3pm)
Ticket details to be confirmed.
(Then a two week international break follows, before Newcastle v Wigan on Saturday 1 April)
Buying tickets:
By phone in UK
0844 372 1892 (7p per minute plus network charge)
By phone from overseas
0044 870 444 1892
To buy online go HERE
S.F. federal building plaza draws neighbors' ire URBAN BLIGHT Condo dwellers: Homeless take over after hours
One of several broken windows at 98 Cafes, a restaurant run by the General Services Administration on the plaza. Residents living nearby the new federal building at Seventh and Mission Streets in San Francisco, Calif. say a lack of security in the area has created a lawless haven. less One of several broken windows at 98 Cafes, a restaurant run by the General Services Administration on the plaza. Residents living nearby the new federal building at Seventh and Mission Streets in San Francisco, ... more Photo: Brant Ward, The Chronicle Photo: Brant Ward, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close S.F. federal building plaza draws neighbors' ire 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
Neighbors of the eye-catching federal building at Seventh and Mission streets say its public plaza has become a lawless haven for the South of Market homeless, rather than the pleasant open space its builders intended.
When the federal building empties out at 5 p.m. on weekdays, street people know they can set up camp, deal drugs and do whatever else they want at night and on weekends, with almost no threat of retribution from building security, according to the residents of SoMa Grand, a swank 22-story condo building across from the plaza, who wrote a letter to federal authorities.
"The federal government spends hundreds of millions on improving neighborhoods throughout the country," said Claude Gruen, a SoMa Grand resident. "Part of that effort should be to simply maintain and police their own space."
Gruen and his wife, Nina, who led an effort to collect almost 170 signatures from building residents, said the unsavory and often illegal activity on the small plaza was dragging down any economic revitalization in the area.
"You really don't feel the place is at all pleasant," said Nina Gruen, who, along with her husband, runs an urban-development consulting business. "When it creates these kinds of negative problems for the neighborhood, they should be addressing it."
Federal authorities are aware of their neighbors' concerns and have already added extra security from the Federal Protective Service, the police arm of the federal government, said Traci Madison, a spokeswoman for the General Services Administration, which maintains the building.
"As part of a cyclical security reassessment ... additional security coverage has recently been added," she said in an e-mail. "We are now better positioned to have the grounds monitored from the building's security control center after hours and over weekends."
In a letter responding to residents' concerns, federal officials said they would also immediately begin cleaning the plaza on weekends because of its "highly public nature and intense public uses."
But the plaza's neighbors, who have been trying to get the attention of federal officials for months, fear it may be too late.
"If you let it go, it just gets worse and worse and worse - that's what happened here," said Gary Buckner, president of the building residents' association.
When the super-green federal building opened in 2007, Thom Mayne, the architect, hoped the plaza could become a hub for the improving the neighborhood, "offering much-needed open space and services to the local community," promotional materials said at the time.
But visions of farmers' markets have turned into something else, especially on three-day weekends when the building is shuttered for more than 72 hours, neighbors say.
"What you see there all day, 24/7, is people drinking, you see people urinating on the walls, you see everything," Buckner said.
Both the Gruens and Buckner said they anticipated frequent interaction with some of San Francisco's grungier residents when they moved to the neighborhood, but not to this extent.
"It has changed a lot," Buckner said. "We understood it was a transitional neighborhood but that doesn't mean it is OK for us to see people urinating and defecating when we walk out our door."
New battery uses nanotubes to recharge to 70% in just two minutes
(Nanowerk News) Scientists from Nanyang Technological University (NTU Singapore) have developed a new battery that can be recharged up to 70 per cent in only 2 minutes. The battery will also have a longer lifespan of over 20 years.
Expected to be the next big thing in battery technology, this breakthrough has a wide-ranging impact on many industries, especially for electric vehicles which are currently inhibited by long recharge times of over 4 hours and the limited lifespan of batteries.
This next generation of lithium-ion batteries will enable electric vehicles to charge 20 times faster than the current technology. With it, electric vehicles will also be able to do away with frequent battery replacements. The new battery will be able to endure more than 10,000 charging cycles  20 times more than the current 500 cycles of todays batteries.
NTU Singapore's scientists replaced the traditional graphite used for the anode (negative pole) in lithium-ion batteries with a new gel material made from titanium dioxide, an abundant, cheap and safe material found in soil. It is commonly used as a food additive or in sunscreen lotions to absorb harmful ultraviolet rays.
Naturally found in a spherical shape, NTU Singapore developed a simple method to turn titanium dioxide particles into tiny nanotubes that are a thousand times thinner than the diameter of a human hair.
NTU Assoc Prof Chen Xiaodong with research fellow Tang Yuxin and PhD student Deng Jiyang.
This nanostructure is what helps to speed up the chemical reactions taking place in the new battery, allowing for superfast charging.
Invented by Associate Professor Chen Xiaodong from the School of Materials Science and Engineering at NTU Singapore, the science behind the formation of the new titanium dioxide gel was published in the latest issue of Advanced Materials ("Nanotubes: Mechanical Force-Driven Growth of Elongated Bending TiO 2 -based Nanotubular Materials for Ultrafast Rechargeable Lithium-ion Batteries").
NTU professor Rachid Yazami, who was the co-inventor of the lithium-graphite anode 34 years ago that is used in most lithium-ion batteries today, said Prof Chens invention is the next big leap in battery technology.
While the cost of lithium-ion batteries has been significantly reduced and its performance improved since Sony commercialised it in 1991, the market is fast expanding towards new applications in electric mobility and energy storage, said Prof Yazami.
Last year, Prof Yazami was awarded the prestigious Draper Prize by the National Academy of Engineering for his ground-breaking work in developing the lithium-ion battery with three other scientists.
"There is still room for improvement and one such key area is the power density  how much power can be stored in a certain amount of space  which directly relates to the fast charge ability. Ideally, the charge time for batteries in electric vehicles should be less than 15 minutes, which Prof Chens nanostructured anode has proven to do.
Prof Yazami, who is Prof Chens colleague at NTU Singapore, is not part of this research project and is currently developing new types of batteries for electric vehicle applications at the Energy Research Institute at NTU ([email protected]).
Commercialisation of technology
Moving forward, Prof Chens research team will be applying for a Proof-of-Concept grant to build a large-scale battery prototype. The patented technology has already attracted interest from the industry.
The technology is currently being licensed to a company and Prof Chen expects that the new generation of fast-charging batteries will hit the market in two years' time. It holds a lot of potential in overcoming the longstanding power issues related to electro-mobility.
With our nanotechnology, electric cars would be able to increase their range dramatically with just five minutes of charging, which is on par with the time needed to pump petrol for current cars, added Prof Chen.
Equally important, we can now drastically cut down the waste generated by disposed batteries, since our batteries last ten times longer than the current generation of lithium-ion batteries.
The long-life of the new battery also means drivers save on the cost of a battery replacement, which could cost over USD$5,000 each.
Easy to manufacture
Lithium-ion batteries usually use additives to bind the electrodes to the anode, which affects the speed in which electrons and ions can transfer in and out of the batteries.
However, Prof Chens new cross-linked titanium dioxide nanotube-based electrodes eliminate the need for these additives and can pack more energy into the same amount of space.
Manufacturing this new nanotube gel is very easy, Prof Chen added. Titanium dioxide and sodium hydroxide are mixed together and stirred under a certain temperature. Battery manufacturers will find it easy to integrate our new gel into their current production processes.
This battery research project took the team of four NTU Singapore scientists three years to complete and is funded by Singapore's National Research Foundation.
NTU Singapore is a young, research-intensive Asian university that is ranked No. 1 in the world in this year's QS Top 50 Under 50 rankings, a global league table of young universities 50 years old and below.
It has an established track record for working with industry. In the 2013 and 2014 Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2014, NTU Singapore was ranked joint No. 1 globally for industry income and innovation with a few other universities.
1 / 11 Show Captions + Hide Caption – NAMSOS, Norway - Soldiers from Company D, 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment, 173rd Airborne Brigade, traverse frigid terrain at Exercise Cold Response 16.Cold Response is a regularly scheduled Norwegian-led joint multinational exercise with a focus on high-intensity operations in winter conditions. This year is the first time the 13 participating nations are joined by the U.S. Army. (Photo Credit: Sgt. 1st Class Crista Mary Mack) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 11 Show Captions + Hide Caption – NAMSOS, Norway - Swedish Soldiers and U.S. Army Soldiers from Company D, 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment, 173rd Airborne Brigade, plan their next move during Exercise Cold Response 16, a Norwegian-led cold weather training exercise. (Photo Credit: Sgt. 1st Class Crista Mary Mack) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 11 Show Captions + Hide Caption – NAMSOS, Norway - Soldiers exit aircraft during Exercise Cold Response 16. Cold Response is a regularly scheduled Norwegian-led joint multinational exercise with a focus on high-intensity operations in winter conditions.This year is the first time the 13 participating nations are joined by the U.S. Army. (Photo Credit: Sgt. 1st Class Crista Mary Mack) VIEW ORIGINAL 4 / 11 Show Captions + Hide Caption – NAMSOS, Norway - Swedish Lt. Jakob Horck (center), 212th Engineer Company, Gota Engineer Regiment, Swedish Army, and 1st Sgt. Victor Haven, 2nd Battalion, 7th Infantry Regiment, 1st Armored Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Inf. Division, discuss locations on a map during Exercise Cold Response 16. (Photo Credit: Sgt. 1st Class Crista Mary Mack) VIEW ORIGINAL 5 / 11 Show Captions + Hide Caption – NAMSOS, Norway- Armored vehicles from 2nd Battalion, 7th Infantry Regiment, 1st Armored Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Division, prepare to move during Exercise Cold Response 16, a Norwegian-led cold weather training exercise.U.S. Army units bundled up and headed to Norway to join 13 countries for intense cold weather training at Exercise Cold Response 16. Cold Response is a regularly scheduled Norwegian-led joint multinational exercise with a focus on high-intensity operations in winter conditions.This year is the first time the 13 participating nations are joined by the U.S. Army. (Photo Credit: Sgt. 1st Class Crista Mary Mack) VIEW ORIGINAL 6 / 11 Show Captions + Hide Caption – NAMSOS, Norway- NAMSOS, Norway - Swedish Col. Lars Karlsson (right) speaks with Capt. Jeff Bender, company commander of 2nd Battalion, 7th Infantry Regiment, 1st Armored Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Division, during Exercise Cold Response 16, a Norwegian-led cold weather training exercise. (Photo Credit: Sgt. 1st Class Crista Mary Mack) VIEW ORIGINAL 7 / 11 Show Captions + Hide Caption – NAMSOS, Norway - Lt. Gen. Ben Hodges (right), commanding general, U.S. Army Europe, speaks with Spc. Devin Cox, an infantry Soldier with the 173rd Airborne Brigade, as the unit prepares for Exercise Cold Response 16, an annual joint multi-national cold weather training exercise which in Norway. This year is the first year the U.S. Army has participated in the exercise. (Photo Credit: Sgt. 1st Class Crista Mary Mack) VIEW ORIGINAL 8 / 11 Show Captions + Hide Caption – NAMSOS, Norway - Soldiers from Company D, 2nd Battalion 503rd Infantry Regiment, 173rd Airborne Brigade, traverse frigid terrain at Exercise Cold Response 16.Cold Response is a regularly scheduled Norwegian-led joint multinational exercise with a focus on high-intensity operations in winter conditions. This year is the first time the 13 participating nations are joined by the U.S. Army. (Photo Credit: Sgt. 1st Class Crista Mary Mack) VIEW ORIGINAL 9 / 11 Show Captions + Hide Caption – NAMSOS, Norway - Soldiers from Company D, 2nd Battalion 503rd Infantry Regiment, 173rd Airborne Brigade, discuss preparations for night at Exercise Cold Response 16.Cold Response is a regularly scheduled Norwegian-led joint multinational exercise with a focus on high-intensity operations in winter conditions. This year is the first time the 13 participating nations are joined by the U.S. Army. (Photo Credit: Sgt. 1st Class Crista Mary Mack) VIEW ORIGINAL 10 / 11 Show Captions + Hide Caption – NAMSOS, Norway - Spc. Jaquez Jones, an infantryman with Company D, 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment, 173rd Airborne Brigade, scans the ridgeline at Exercise Cold Response 16.Cold Response is a regularly scheduled Norwegian-led joint multinational exercise with a focus on high-intensity operations in winter conditions. This year is the first time the 13 participating nations are joined by the U.S. Army. (Photo Credit: Sgt. 1st Class Crista Mary Mack) VIEW ORIGINAL 11 / 11 Show Captions + Hide Caption – NAMSOS, Norway- Pictured is an M1A2 Abrams Tank from 2nd Battalion, 7th Infantry Regiment, 1st Armored Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Division, during Exercise Cold Response 16, a Norwegian-led cold weather training exercise.U.S. Army units bundled up and headed to Norway to join 13 countries for intense cold weather training at Exercise Cold Response 16. Cold Response is a regularly scheduled Norwegian-led joint multinational exercise with a focus on high-intensity operations in winter conditions. This year is the first time the 13 participating nations are joined by the U.S. Army. (Photo Credit: Sgt. 1st Class Crista Mary Mack) VIEW ORIGINAL
NAMSOS, Norway -- Thermometers may be sub-zero but in Norwegian winter, freezing is not an option, combat action is not weather dependent and a Soldier does not wait for weather to warm up to react to fire.
For the first time, Soldiers from U.S. Army Europe joined 16,000 military personnel from 13 nations in Central Norway's Exercise Cold Response 2016 to conduct combat operations training in extreme cold weather environments.
Joining the training were Company D, 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment, 173rd Airborne Brigade, from Vicenza, Italy, and 2nd Bn., 7th Inf. Regt., 1st Armored Bde. Combat Team, 3rd Inf. Division, from Fort Stewart, Georgia.
Cold Response is a Norwegian-led exercise that rehearses high-intensity operations in challenging winter conditions. The exercise involves more than 3,000 U.S. service members; approximately 6,500 members of the Norwegian Armed Forces; and nearly 4,000 troops from 11 allied and partner nations including Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Latvia, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and close to 300 NATO personnel.
"This is an exercise where allies come together and train in core competencies of air, land and sea; the land core competency is high intensity warfare, most importantly combined arms maneuvers, operating on both sides, adding on the climate, which makes it more difficult, and gives us good operational enhancement training for all participating," said Norwegian Lt. Col. Aleksander Jankov, Norwegian Army spokesperson for the exercise.
"We have different challenges in Norway when it comes to climate and topography than some of our other allied partners," Jankov said. "It's important to remember for every leader, (both) junior and senior, that operating in cold weather and snowy conditions may have serious consequences although we are not at war because the environment will kill you if you don't do the right things."
In addition to learning to quickly and effectively operate in a frigid environment, this exercise is a great opportunity to practice and conduct training essential for security with partner nations, said Lt. Gen. Ben Hodges, commanding general, U.S. Army Europe.
"We are never going to be by ourselves," Hodges said. "We are always going to be part of a coalition, if not an alliance, so the chance to practice with our partners in Europe is a great opportunity to build trust and confidence."
Canadian Lt. Col. Will Graydon, commanding officer, 3rd Battalion, Royal Canadian Regiment, operated as exercise commander of a multinational battle group commanded by a Swedish brigade and in charge of a Canadian and U.S. battalion.
"In my battalion, we're not just Canadians and Americans, we've got Swedish and Norwegian Home Guard, so we are already four nations within just one battalion," Graydon said. "We get to work on interoperability, cohesion, and building partnership, from all levels of leadership. It demonstrates how easy it is to build a team of like-minded nations when you are focused on one goal."
According to Graydon, many of the participating nations regularly conduct cold weather training due to the geographical locations of their nations, and these Soldiers from colder climates shared and trained their Tactics, Techniques and Procedures with the U.S. Soldiers.
"We conducted our own training prior to coming up here, but since we arrived we conducted drivers training with the Norwegians on a closed track," said Capt. Matthew Heath, company commander, Co. D, 2nd Bn., 503rd Inf. Regt., 173rd Abn. Bde.
"We got all the HMWVVs out, put the snow chains on, drove up and down hills, practiced braking and recovery operations," Heath said. "We also have been partnered with a Canadian battalion and they ran us through multiple iterations of cold weather classes, everything from the use of snowshoes to employing patrol bases in the wood lines under the cold conditions."
Some of the up-armored vehicles such as the M1A2 Abrams had to adjust to maneuvering in the ice as well.
"I was just talking to a tank crew that was describing the challenge of changing out the tread on a 70-ton tank to be able to operate on an icy road," Hodges said. "If a 70-ton tank starts sliding, these are things you have to exercise to learn, you can't get that from a simulator."
Staff Sgt. Cedrick Robinson, tank commander, 2nd Bn., 7th Inf. Regt., enjoyed learning how to set up a cold weather tent for survival in a blizzard.
"The Norwegian Army showed us how to put the heater in the middle of your tent, then compact the outside with snow, like an igloo, to keep out the wind and elements, and it really worked well," he said.
"The Canadians have also been giving us tips on everything from layering clothing to things like how to keep the tanks prepped and starting them every hour so the batteries won't run down," Robinson said. "My unit is from Georgia, a southern state, and I am from Oxford, Mississippi, so we don't hardly ever see snow. We aren't staying too warm, but we are definitely getting acclimatized."
Despite official data proclaiming Canada is creating more jobs every month, a new analysis from Capital Economics suggests the economy is losing good high-paying jobs — a first since the recession that began in 2008.
Economist David Madani said in a research note Tuesday that recent headlines proclaiming new jobs being created belie a deterioration in the job market. "The trend among the prime working age cohort, those aged between 25 and 54, has slowed dramatically," he said.
Over the past six months, the job market for people in that age group has been effectively flat, with a net of zero new jobs created, on average, every month.
"Prime-age workers are often the highest paid," Madani notes, so that's a trend that's bound to have an impact beyond those people themselves.
"We're a little concerned about what this means about the broader economy," he said in an interview Wednesday.
Indeed, another data point on the job market shows dark clouds on the horizon. Statistics Canada's survey on employment payroll and hours for October showed that in the year ended that month, the number of high-paying jobs shrank for the first time since the 2008-2009 recession.
The timeline is roughly in line with the slump in oil prices, and Madani's analysis suggests that trend is likely to continue as long as oil prices stay low.
Oil isn't the only drag, though.
"There's also a slowdown in hiring professional, technical and scientific jobs," Madani said. "And while we're watching an expected fallout in energy, we're not seeing some positive offset from other sectors like manufacturing."
Essentially, Canada's economy may be creating more jobs every month, but they're predominantly low-paying or part-time ones — not the type that tend to spur an improvement in the broader economy. Sectors that should be doing well in the current era of cheap energy aren't making enough new jobs to offset those lost in oil's slowdown.
"With non-energy exporters still struggling and energy producers slashing investment and hiring, we expect net job creation to be modest in the coming year, with the unemployment rate rising to 7.5 per cent by the end of 2016," said Madani.
"Overall, if the economy struggles to cope with the worsening fallout from the oil shock as we expect, then the amount of labour market slack will grow."
Yesterday, in a fit of inspiration, I decided to add a live feed of Google I/O to the dev.to home page.
I would love this platform to be the destination for discovery and discussion of what is going on, even more so than it currently is, and this was an experiment of sorts. Because the design of the site was friendly to this kind of addition, it was basically just a matter of adding a YouTube embed to the home page and making use of our existing feature toggling infrastructure to manage it.
Thought it'd be fun to show the #IO17 keynote on the https://t.co/E4yHRJkeOg home page. From idea to launch in 5 mins. Coding is fun 😊 pic.twitter.com/lsilQMCqGV — Ben Halpern (@bendhalpern) May 17, 2017
But it's never that simple
The site became janky. Jank is when the browser's frame rate drops below the accepted threshold of about 60fps and things get glitchy weird. The browser's framerate, and other tools used to debug this sort of stuff can be found in Chrome's dev tools. Other browsers have similar setups.
The jank, as is often the case, was brought by the addition of weighty embeds like the YouTube player. There's not a whole lot we can do about that, besides complain.
Google: Please make light, jank-free websites that load quickly.
Also Google: Use our super janky Youtube tags, ads, and tracking scripts. pic.twitter.com/ZnFv3wcVKs — The Practical Dev ( ) April 2, 2017
But this page became very janky. So it had to be more than just the YouTube embed. If I add a YouTube player to a plain old HTML page, the jank will be minimal. There had to be more.
So that's when I first opened my dev tools. The window's side panel opened up and I went to work.
But the jank was gone
That's right. When I opened up my dev tools, the problem went away. How could this be? The browser is in a different state when that panel is open, depending on what you have running within the tools. So I poked around and tried to find the answer. I could not.
What the hell?
I toggled some settings, changed some stuff around, and simply could not get to the bottom of it—But then I figured it out! It wasn't that the dev tools had fixed the problem, it was another variable: The slimmer window size brought on by the opening of the side panel had fixed the problem. When the window was smaller, there was no jank.
But why?
At first I thought something on the sidebar column of the page must be causing jankiness. When the sidebar goes away, things get better. But this was not the case. Then I thought it might have to do with some super inefficient CSS that only applies to certain media queries. That got me closer. The breaking point for jank was 850px. That is effectively when the page's layout changes between the slim look and the "desktop" look.
Looking at how the CSS varied between the different media queries, I could not eyeball what would possibly be causing so much jank. It was clear using the "Border Layers" dev tool, that there was a significant difference in how the browser was handling the rendering. Over 850px, the browser was working way harder whenever I scrolled.
So I did what any professional software engineer does when faced with this kind of uncertainty.
No book or teacher can beat good old fashion poking around. pic.twitter.com/4JjAYA6p8G — The Practical Dev ( ) April 13, 2016
I toggled lines of CSS on and off until something happened. I'd run about ten cycles of toggle-then-check with no results.
And then it happened
border-radius : 3px ;
That was the line. Commenting it out fixed all my problems. Rounded fucking corners. The main "articles list" area of the home page had a 3px border radius in the desktop view. Smaller than 850px, the list just takes up the whole screen, with no rounded corners.
This is not my first rodeo. I actually knew that border radius and box shadow and some other seemingly innocent CSS attributes can cause jank in certain scenarios, but I didn't think one element with rounded corners could cause these kinds of problems in practice.
One 👏 Element 👏 With 👏 Rounded 👏 Corners
Try telling a designer they can't use rounded corners because it will cause the page to be basically unusable. Try having that conversation. I've had this kind of conversations. They are not easy to have because some of the browser's rules are so counterintuitive. Sometimes I can recalculate 1000 values per second and render complicated visuals, and sometimes I can't use fucking rounded corners.
We can put a man on the moon but we can't effectively add rounded corners to a div 😓 pic.twitter.com/AJHq83QgYT — The Practical Dev ( ) May 18, 2017
I found it ironic that this experience came about by trying to show a live stream of Google engineers and executives getting on stage and talking about the future of insane artificial intelligence, amazing new browser features, and all-in-all extolling the amazingness of the web, while I'm sitting here trying to render rounded-fucking-corners.
But this post isn't about why we cannot have nice things, it's about learning and doing better. It is true, we can't have nice things, but there are definitely some takeaways.
🔑 Hire folks with T-shaped skills
It's scenarios like this that make me want to hire and work with people with T-shaped skillsets. That is, they have their specialty, but they have a breadth of understanding as well. In this case, if I were working with a designer, I would hope they have a basic understanding of how browsers deal with certain issues with rendering and how it's kind of counterintuitive and treated differently on different browsers. They don't need to know every detail, but designers who throw things over the wall are very unhelpful in this scenario.
T-Shaped Skills
Likewise, engineers who don't respect the needs of designers are equally unhelpful. It's easy to veto a designer's decision instead of working with them to reach a compromise. In my case, I was both roles and I had to have this discussion with myself. It wasn't a very long discussion. I got rid of the rounded corners and I actually like it better this way.
🔑 Know your tools and use them
My other takeaway is that it pays to know your tools and use your tools early. I've faced situations in the past where I acted dumbfounded and allowed a problem to persist simply because I didn't really know how to deal with it. Having earned more experience with these tools, I was able to deal with this much sooner. And by dealing with the problem when it came up instead of thinking it was "good enough for now," it was easier to fix when it was all still in my head.
🔑 Coding is fun
My last takeaway is that coding is fun. I am glad I had the chance to take this chance and ship this feature on a whim. You can't always do that, but I am very glad my team trusts me to do things like this. I think we will learn a lot by trying out this idea of what the platform could be used for.
Happy coding ❤️
The Prime Minister doesn't bother to court cheap publicity by sending his regards. No forests need to be felled for celebratory supplements in the public prints. Social media bids farewell with a whisper rather than the familiar spittle-flecked bellow.
For most footballers it ends with a whimper rather than a bang. Retirement isn't an option but an enforced necessity. It is acutely personal, strictly business. The consequences are profoundly challenging for those who don't have the refuge of a television studio or a racing stable.
Life goes on in the shadow of the carousel. It is uncomfortable, unnerving and unfair but it produces rounded, grounded characters. Ignore the stereotypes; these are men of merit, who deserve a moment of your time.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
For every David Beckham there is a Jody Craddock, a family man of equally impeccable character but greater depth. Peter Murphy has been as loyal a servant to his club, Carlisle United, as Jamie Carragher has been to his, Liverpool.
Romain Larrieu might not have achieved as much in management as Sir Alex Ferguson, but he has a more intimate insight into the human condition. The former goalkeeper has had his perspective shaped initially by national service in the French army and latterly by two bouts of testicular cancer.
He admits: "I don't have a job and don't know what I'm going to do next." Thirteen years at Plymouth Argyle ended last week when he was dismissed as their assistant manager, a role he assumed 18 months ago in response to the club's financial plight.
Larrieu is 36 and has put down roots in Devon since his release by French side Valence in 2000. He has played without pay and discovered that cancer is a mental as well as a physical test because of its insidious ability to sap self-confidence.
The inner strength he has acquired in living with the possibility that the disease may recur became pertinent once he became a victim of regime change. Argyle's new manager, John Sheridan, went back to his old club, Chesterfield, to employ coaches with whom he is familiar. Larrieu's face simply didn't fit.
Craddock has also learned to put the vagaries of football into context. Wolves have given him a testimonial to mark the end of his 17-year career, which began at Cambridge and flourished at Sunderland before he spent a decade at Molineux.
He is driven not by the accumulated memories of 581 senior matches but by the precious nature of life itself. He and his wife, Shelley, lost their four-month-old son, Jake, to Sudden Infant Death Syndrome. Another son, three-year-old Toby, was diagnosed with leukaemia 12 months ago.
Craddock's testimonial will support the Birmingham Children's Hospital, where Toby is being treated, and the Balls to Cancer charity set up by Wolves fan Mark Bates. His successful secondary career as an artist will make transition easier than it is for many fellow professionals.
Murphy has scored winning goals for Carlisle in the Football League Trophy final at Wembley and in the play-off final which enabled the club to return to the Football League in 2005. Twelve years and 417 appearances (a Carlisle record for an outfield player) ended in a carefully calibrated time-slot in manager Greg Abbott's office.
Abbott became emotional when he confirmed he would not be offering Murphy a new contract. "Don't worry about it," said the player. "No, I do worry about it," replied the manager, forced by financial necessity to deliver the same, potentially life-changing, news to six other players.
Murphy is 32, a dangerous age for an unemployed footballer. He is getting married next month and has a young son to support. He has a veteran's resilience and rationalises his situation by insisting "things move on, nobody died". He must hope interest from Kilmarnock hardens.
Local heroes have a finite shelf life. They tend to be discarded casually, if not forgotten quickly.
Rather them than the multi- millionaires who have invaded our consciousness in the dog days of another overhyped season.
Dettori returns: legend or liability?
The formalities of Frankie Dettori's return to racing have yet to be completed, and the questions linger. Will he be treated as a legend or regarded as a liability? Probably both, such is the curious nature of his sport.
Racing relies on the distraction of his cheeky-chappie persona, even if suspicions persist that it is shallow and self-serving. He is the only Flat jockey to generate mainstream popularity, regardless of the implications of his positive test for cocaine.
Kieren Fallon, his most viable contemporary, is also tainted by a history of drug use. More recent Flat champions such as Ryan Moore and Richard Hughes are indistinguishable from the rest of the wizened, small men who are at the sharp end of the bloodstock industry.
Dettori chose the standard return route of a confessional TV interview, in which his body language was as unconvincing as his suggestion that his rejection by the omnipresent Sheik Mohammed led to "depression".
He has been tested 16 times in the past two months, but his comeback has been delayed by the French authorities. Their British counterparts, revealingly quick to crush a crass attempt to name Dettori's proposed comeback race in his honour, will need to remain vigilant.
Future drama
It is puzzlingly fashionable to be scornful about the failure of Sir Bradley Wiggins to survive the Giro d'Italia because of illness. The Modfather will be back, fit and firing, for his defence of the Tour de France. His rivalry with teammate Chris Froome will be one of the psychodramas of the summer.
Keep up to date with all the latest news with expert comment and analysis from our award-winning writers
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A victim of abuse told the BBC's Michael Buchanan: "You'll never get those years back"
"Shocking" sexual violence is being carried out by children against other children as young as 11, according to an official report.
The Office of the Children's Commissioner for England said the perpetrators could be 12 or 13, and rape is seen as "normal and inevitable" in some areas, especially among gangs.
Its report said bullying and sexist attitudes existed across the country.
Council chiefs said work by agencies on child protection needed to improve.
The report is the result of a two-year inquiry by the children's commissioner into child exploitation and gangs.
It is being published alongside research on young people's understanding of consent to sex, and a study on the pressures on young people who have been raised in gang-affected neighbourhoods.
The report says legislation is there to protect children but agencies from the police to social services need to become far better at spotting children at risk and providing them with the necessary protection.
'Chilling evidence'
Deputy Children's Commissioner Sue Berelowitz cited the "sheer levels of sadism" uncovered by the inquiry.
In a foreword to the report, Ms Berelowitz said the findings showed the "appalling reality" of sexual violence committed by young people.
"The fact that some adults (usually men) rape and abuse children is generally accepted," she said.
"There is, however, a long way to go before the appalling reality of sexual violence and exploitation committed by children and young people is believed."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sue Berelowitz, Deputy Children's Commissioner for England: "There is certainly an issue of fear"
"We have found shocking and profoundly distressing evidence of sexual assault, including rape, being carried out by young people against other children and young people."
Ms Berelowitz suggested that the music and pornographic industries have a great deal to answer for in creating such attitudes, with young girls being treated as commodities within gangs, passed around as sexual toys or used to ensnare rival gang members.
She told BBC Breakfast that most of the girls who had been victims of gangland sexual assaults said it was "part of the inevitability of growing up in their area and that there is no point in telling anybody about it".
The inquiry found that 2,409 youngsters were known to be victims of child sexual exploitation by gangs and groups, while a further 16,500 were at risk.
It warned that the problem was prevalent in every area of England, and was not restricted just to low-income, inner-city neighbourhoods but "in every type of neighbourhood, rural, urban, deprived, not deprived".
'Normal and inevitable'
Research conducted by Bedfordshire University into sexual violence in gangs suggested two-thirds of young people questioned (65%) knew of young women who had been pressurised or coerced into sexual activity.
Our work shows us that the earlier you help children and families the better the chance they have from breaking out from a negative and often intergenerational cycle of poor relationships Anne Longfield , Chief executive of children's charity 4Children
Half gave examples of youngsters offering sex in return for status or protection, and two-fifths (41%) said they knew of individual cases of rape - while more than a third (34%) gave examples of gang rape.
A study by London Metropolitan University suggested that young people had a limited understanding of "consent" and that sex without consent where those involved knew each other was often not seen as rape.
Only one in 12 of those interviewed said that young people would be likely to report crimes of sexual abuse.
It said sexual violence could be seen as "normal and inevitable", with young women "facing the blame" for their own abuse.
"The victim, usually a girl (but boys are victims too) is invariably blamed for their own assault," the study concluded.
"They should not have gone to visit the boy; should not have worn a tight top; should not have had the drink; have 'done it before' so have no right to say no."
The report condemned 94% of safeguarding children boards - which are run by local authorities, police, the NHS, the probation service and other groups - for failing to follow government guidance on tackling child exploitation, and set out recommendations for a new framework.
Councillor David Simmonds, chairman of the Local Government Association's children and young people board, said: "Child sexual exploitation is a horrific crime which can destroy lives. It is a complex issue to tackle and can be hugely difficult to track.
"Councils know that we need to do better but, as this report acknowledges, we cannot do this alone."
VirgilSC2 Profile Blog Joined June 2011 United States 5748 Posts #1
What is the EWM?
The
The 64 players will be chosen on a first-come, first-serve basis (following certain qualification tiers). To qualify, a player must be above 500 rating in Masters league on the Korean server. However, players that are part of a team, domestic or foreign, are eligible to particpate regardless of rank and are given first priority to particpate.
The format is best of 3 for every round, and the map order is Daybreak, Dual Sight, and Antiga Shipyard.
Prize Format
Weekly
- $100 prize money
Finals : 8 Player offline tournement from past weekly match winners
- Winner receives Code A certified spot.
- $500 prize money
Whether you're looking to keep up with your favorite players outside the GSL, or keeping tabs on new recruits for your favorite team, the EWM is here to provide additional exciting content with an incredibly valuable prize on the line! The EWM is a weekly online tournament with 64 players. The winners will each advance into an offline tournament, and the winner of that finals will receive the Code A seed. In 2012, the EWM is expected to provide 1 seed for every season of Code A in the GSL.The 64 players will be chosen on a first-come, first-serve basis (following certain qualification tiers). To qualify, a player must be above 500 rating in Masters league on the Korean server. However, players that are part of a team, domestic or foreign, are eligible to particpate regardless of rank and are given first priority to particpate.The format is best of 3 for every round, and the map order is Daybreak, Dual Sight, and Antiga Shipyard.Weekly- $100 prize moneyFinals : 8 Player offline tournement from past weekly match winners- Winner receives Code A certified spot.- $500 prize moneyWhether you're looking to keep up with your favorite players outside the GSL, or keeping tabs on new recruits for your favorite team, the EWM is here to provide additional exciting content with an incredibly valuable prize on the line!
When is it?
The EWM will begin it's Season 2, Week 5 Broadcast on Monday, Apr 30 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00) . Our week will begin broadcasting with KatuStarcraft on the EWM stream, and broadcast through the week at that time. Monday: Week 5 Ro32
Tuesday: Week 5 Ro32
Wednesday: Week 5 Ro16
Thursday: Week 5 Ro8, Semi-Finals, and Finals
Friday: Week 6 Ro64 The EWM will begin it's Season 2, Week 5 Broadcast on. Our week will begin broadcasting with KatuStarcraft on the EWM stream, and broadcast through the week at that time. + Show Spoiler [Broadcast Schedule] + Be sure to tune in to as many matches as possible, there are sure to be a ton of amazing games!
Monday's Broadcast
Games will be added as played
Results and Brackets can be found HERE
Today's matches will be cast by KatuStarcraft
You can find the stream
Today's matches will be cast by KatuStarcraftYou can find the stream here Clarity Gaming #1 Fan | Avid MTG Grinder | @VirgilSC2
catplanetcatplanet Profile Blog Joined March 2012 3205 Posts #2 Yes! Go Life! 2016 year of pet
Asha Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United Kingdom 29818 Posts #3 Did Pet beat Dream? Had a meeting and missed quite a few games =( #DeleteGyro
ancientmariner Profile Joined November 2011 116 Posts #4 Are all the results already filled in on Liquipedia or is it safe to have a look to see what matches are coming up, without being told the outcome?
Asha Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United Kingdom 29818 Posts #5 On May 01 2012 04:23 ancientmariner wrote:
Are all the results already filled in on Liquipedia or is it safe to have a look to see what matches are coming up, without being told the outcome?
Results are being filled out as they happen (or fairly close to, they weren't updated on dream vs pet last i checked TT). Results are being filled out as they happen (or fairly close to, they weren't updated on dream vs pet last i checked TT). #DeleteGyro
ancientmariner Profile Joined November 2011 116 Posts #6 On May 01 2012 04:33 Asha` wrote:
Results are being filled out as they happen (or fairly close to, they weren't updated on dream vs pet last i checked TT).
Thanks. I wasn't sure if what it says under "line-up" was refering to this. The results of that game are shown now, btw.
Doing the results like this is much better. It's a lot more boring to watch when you know who will win... Thanks. I wasn't sure if what it says under "line-up" was refering to this. The results of that game are shown now, btw.Doing the results like this is much better. It's a lot more boring to watch when you know who will win...
DiMano Profile Joined July 2011 Korea (South) 1985 Posts #7 ZeNEX guys HWAITING!!! YangSongE, Harrier, Life, Mentalist, Pet, TREME. There is a very high possibility that Life has won this Weekly so watch out for him!!! Life, JangBi, Stork, RorO, EffOrt, herO, Hydra and all other korean players and especially rookies, know and love them all <3
catplanetcatplanet Profile Blog Joined March 2012 3205 Posts #8 On May 01 2012 04:59 DiMano wrote:
ZeNEX guys HWAITING!!! YangSongE, Harrier, Life, Mentalist, Pet, TREME. There is a very high possibility that Life has won this Weekly so watch out for him!!!
Glad you read my post ^^ Glad you read my post ^^ 2016 year of pet
Azuroz Profile Joined November 2010 Sweden 1626 Posts #9 Does anyone have the results from last weeks tournament? the liquipedia is only partially updated. Team NSHoseo <3
DiMano Profile Joined July 2011 Korea (South) 1985 Posts Last Edited: 2012-05-01 07:41:34 #10 On May 01 2012 12:16 Azuroz wrote:
Does anyone have the results from last weeks tournament? the liquipedia is only partially updated.
All weeks are fully updated. All weeks are fully updated. Life, JangBi, Stork, RorO, EffOrt, herO, Hydra and all other korean players and especially rookies, know and love them all <3
Asha Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United Kingdom 29818 Posts #11 What is it with the EWM and always having awesome macro ZvZ's? =) #DeleteGyro
Azuroz Profile Joined November 2010 Sweden 1626 Posts #12 On May 01 2012 16:40 DiMano wrote:
Show nested quote +
On May 01 2012 12:16 Azuroz wrote:
Does anyone have the results from last weeks tournament? the liquipedia is only partially updated.
All weeks are fully updated. All weeks are fully updated.
Seems the dates that they listed are wrong, liquipedia says that weekly 5 was last week, so i thought the bracket was missing. Seems the dates that they listed are wrong, liquipedia says that weekly 5 was last week, so i thought the bracket was missing. Team NSHoseo <3
Asha Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United Kingdom 29818 Posts #13 Life making TheBest his bitch <3 #DeleteGyro
DiMano Profile Joined July 2011 Korea (South) 1985 Posts #14 On May 02 2012 05:10 Azuroz wrote:
Show nested quote +
On May 01 2012 16:40 DiMano wrote:
On May 01 2012 12:16 Azuroz wrote:
Does anyone have the results from last weeks tournament? the liquipedia is only partially updated.
All weeks are fully updated. All weeks are fully updated.
Seems the dates that they listed are wrong, liquipedia says that weekly 5 was last week, so i thought the bracket was missing. Seems the dates that they listed are wrong, liquipedia says that weekly 5 was last week, so i thought the bracket was missing.
They stream replays of the last week. They stream replays of the last week. Life, JangBi, Stork, RorO, EffOrt, herO, Hydra and all other korean players and especially rookies, know and love them all <3
Asha Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United Kingdom 29818 Posts Last Edited: 2012-05-02 17:01:37 #15 Zenex zergs <3
going roach/hydra, but actually using a nydus to make it quick to rally reinforcements
go Pet
---
T_____T didn't break the third and letting a warp prism kill his lair + 20 drones
bah, got stuck on roach/hydra/corruptor after that, and as ever it's laughable against the protoss ball heh #DeleteGyro
Bagration Profile Blog Joined October 2011 United States 17857 Posts #16 Crank just dominated Pet on Bel-shir. This guy is going places. Team Slayers, Axiom-Acer and Vile forever
CosmicSpiral Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 10772 Posts #17 On May 03 2012 02:16 Bagration wrote:
Crank just dominated Pet on Bel-shir. This guy is going places.
I wouldn't say domination. Pet knew the push was coming, but misread what kind of push it actually was. I wouldn't say domination. Pet knew the push was coming, but misread what kind of push it actually was. Writer Wovon man nicht sprechen kann, darüber muß man schweigen.
catplanetcatplanet Profile Blog Joined March 2012 3205 Posts #18 Did TheBest prove that he is the best? Or did Life win? Liquipeia needs update T_T 2016 year of pet
catplanetcatplanet Profile Blog Joined March 2012 3205 Posts #19 Could someone please update Liquipedia? Would appreciate it
Or does this event have a challonge bracket or something similar? 2016 year of pet
catplanetcatplanet Profile Blog Joined March 2012 3205 Posts #20 Can we have results? Please?
Pleeeeeease? 2016 year of pet
1 2 3 Next All
Two days after Madonna shared her wish to blow up the White House, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D.-Mass.) has not come out with a statement condemning the outrageous desire that the pop singer expressed in her address to Saturday's Women's March on Washington's National Mall.
“Yes, I am outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House,” Madonna said to the cheers of tens of thousands of feminists and other opponents of President Donald J. Trump.
Breitbart News sought comment from Warren with an office visit, in addition to emails and a phone message.
After being given a five-hour window before posting, the senator's office did not respond.
A survey of Warren's social media accounts and her official senate office website turned up no condemnation of Madonna's threat of terrorism against the Executive Mansion.
According to Gateway Pundit, the response of the Secret Service was different:
A spokesman for the Secret Service told The Gateway Pundit the agency is aware of the comment by aging pop star Madonna made at a large liberal women's protest against President Donald Trump held in Washington, D.C., Saturday, that she has “thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House.” The spokesman said an investigation would be opened but that the decision to prosecute rests with the U.S. Attorney's office.
Sunday, the “Material Girl” songstress walked back her wish to blow up the White House in an exhaustive Instagram post:
Yesterday's Rally. was an amazing and beautiful experience. I came and performed Express Yourself and thats exactly what i did. However I want to clarify some very important things. I am not a violent person, I do not promote violence and it's important people hear and understand my speech in it's entirety rather than one phrase taken wildly out of context. My speech began with ” I want to start a revolution of love.” ♥️ I then go on to take this opportunity to encourage women and all marginalized people to not fall into despair but rather to come together and use it as a starting point for unity and to create positive change in the world.
Madonna said her plan to blow up the White House was a metaphor and she does not want to speak or act out of anger: “It was truly an honor to be part of an audience chanting “we choose love”. ♥️♥️♥️♥️ #revoltutionoflove♥️#revolutionoflove♥️***”
By Jeff Maisey
Selden Arcade – home to dozens of local artists within d'Art Center, a Starbucks coffee shop and popular lunchtime eatery d'Egg Diner, will likely remain closed for 5 to 6 months, revealed a source Wednesday who wishes to remain anonymous.
That's terrible news for those whose livelihoods are directly impacted.
“I had been told it'd be months,” said d'Art Center communications director, Amy McKay, “but it's a little disturbing to hear 5 or 6 months.”
An explosion rocked the Arcade Friday night, littering the common space corridor with shattered glass and debris. The damage was primarily visible on the interior side of the Arcade closest to the construction site of The Main, the multi-million dollar hotel and convention center under construction. An electrical odor has been detected. Water on the floor in artists' space indicates the sprinkler system may have activated automatically, but has not been confirmed.
Two artists said lights had flickered numerous times a day or two before.
An investigation is underway and city officials issued a statement Monday saying “We will rebuild,” though no timetable was provided.
Our source said it could be a year before the entire Arcade is operational.
According to McKay, there is “extensive electrical damage” throughout, as well as damage to the heat/AC vents in the rafters.
McKay said the resident studio space of several visual artists was seriously impacted. Those artists include Cathy-Jo Ramsey (glass blower), Janice Gay Maker (oil painter), Fred Freeman (ceramics) and Ray Herschberger (painter).
In addition to her communications duties, McKay teaches art classes at the center. Like many of the resident artists, she relies on income from d'Art Center to pay monthly bills.
“I am most concerned about the artists' livelihood and the loss of income,” she said.
A fundraising event for d'Art Center is schedule for Sunday, May 3, from 2-5 PM at Smartmouth Brewing Company. Donations may also be made at www.d-artcenter.org.
CLOSE Pistons forward Marcus Morris scored 14 points and helped hold DeMar DeRozan in check in Pistons' victory over Raptors. Video by Vince Ellis/DFP
Bucks forward Giannis Antetokounmpo (34) tries to get around Pistons forward Marcus Morris (13) in the fourth quarter at BMO Harris Bradley Center Saturday. The Pistons beat the Bucks, 102-91. (Photo: Benny Sieu USA TODAY Sports)
Marcus Morris was dressing late Saturday night when he looked at a stat sheet, placed strategically on a nearby table.
The Pistons had just dusted the Bucks, but Morris' eyes weren't drawn to his efficient 20 points on 8-for-14 shooting.
He was looking at the numbers of his primary defensive assignment, Milwaukee forward Giannis Antetokounmpo.
The Greek Freak, one the NBA's most promising young talents, was held to eight points and seven assists on 3-for-11 shooting.
With two reporters close by, Morris said he would appreciate some love for the NBA's all-defensive teams.
Consider it done.
When Morris is putting together his résumé to highlight his defensive body of work, the past week might be included.
He started Monday by holding four-time MVP LeBron James to 5-for-18 shooting in the Pistons' surprising 96-88 victory at Cleveland.
Morris doesn't wow you with blocked shots and steals. He does a great job of staying in front of small forwards, the position with some of the most dynamic scorers in the league.
Antetokounmpo, a 6-foot-11 athletic marvel, is devastating in the open floor. But he was just a midrange jump shooter Saturday night.
And Raptors coach Dwane Casey noted Morris sets a tone on defense.
“Most of all, it's his defensive toughness,” Casey said Sunday. “With the defensive disposition he brings, it's not like you're just going to catch the ball down there and go to work on him in the low post.”
■Johnson upgraded: Pistons forward Stanley Johnson (shoulder) was upgraded to questionable before facing the Raptors, but he missed his third straight game.
Contact Vince Ellis at vellis@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @vincent_ellis56. Download our Pistons Xtra app on iTunes or Android!
An Introduction to Cryptoeconomics and Futarchy experiments on Gnosis
Matt Liston Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 28, 2016
Over the next few months we will be running several experiments on the Gnosis prediction market platform thanks to a generous Ethereum DEV grant. These experiments will test cryptoeconomic hypothesis and methods related to market manipulations and Futarchy and were inspired by Vitalik's reddit post on Empirical Cryptoeconomics. Each experiment consists of a market on Gnosis, a smart contract or set of smart contracts outputting some value to settle the markets, and shares that will be auctioned off and provide an incentive for manipulators to shift market values away from their expected outcomes. These experiments provide a profit opportunity for both manipulating and non-manipulating users. In addition to manipulators' potential profits, non-manipulating users will be provided arbitrage opportunities by driving the prices back to their expected outcome. Later experiments will test the ability for prediction markets to be used for Futarchy.
Our first experiment will begin in the next few weeks and will test manipulators ability to push a market which will verifiably resolve to 5 above this value. These initial experiments will gauge how easy (or hard) it is for a group of participants with special interests (in this case the manipulation token holders) to manipulate a market in order to sway the decision of an oracle. There are two primary cases in which such manipulation may be used: futarchy markets (or other processes) for organization decision, and oracle processes which involve markets to determine oracle outcome. In each case, groups may have a direct monetary incentive to change market outcomes.
This experiment will consist of three components:
10,000 manipulation shares will be auctioned in 1,000 share chunks over a 3 day period. A smart contract coded to return 5. This will be used to resolve the market. A scalar market with the range (0,10) which will run for one week.
We will begin with the auction of 10,000 manipulation shares. These shares will be sold in 1,000 share chunks. Following the markets closure, these shares will be redeemable for between 0 and 0.1 Eth depending upon the average value of the prediction market shares. This redemption value will be calculated by ((avg market value) — 5)/50. For example, if the market price remains at 5 for the entire period these shares will redeem for 0 and if the market remains at 10 for the entire period, they will redeem for 0.1. Redemption value will be calculated proportionally between these prices. At this time we will also submit the resolution contract for review.
Three days following this, we will launch the market on Gnosis. This will be a scalar market with a range of (0,10). This market will be resolved by the contract which will verifiably return 5. Everyone is open and encouraged to participate in this market. Whenever the market value is above 5 there is a guaranteed profit opportunity for users who have not purchased manipulation shares. Following market resolution, manipulation shares will be redeemable calculated by the average value over the market's duration.
Expect a post here in the next few weeks announcing experiment dates, and please visit our forum at http://forum.groupgnosis.com/ for more discussion!
TL;DR:
Credit: Marvel
Emily Blunt in Edge of Tomorrow Credit: Warner Bros.
We're calling it now — Emily Blunt will be Marvel Studios' Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel.
Sure, it's just an educated guess at the moment, but while other websites have or will be offering a variety of candidates soon and the rumors will be cranking up even sooner, we're thinking that Blunt's the most likely and best candidate.
Blunt has shown her acting prowess in multiple supporting roles, but it was her role in Edge of Tomorrow that made her our front-runner for the 2018 Captain Marvel film. In the film, which hit theaters this past June, Blunt's sword-toting, special forces badass even outshone Tom Cruise.
The actress also fulfills some of the key requirements for playing Carol Danvers. The star of Captain Marvel needs to be well-established enough to open and carry a major Marvel movie on her own, and Blunt is still on her ascent trajectory as both an A-list star and now action hero. She also has to be in that sweet spot of mature enough to credibly play a decorated officer (Major) in the Air Force but not so old she can't play the character in sequels and other Marvel films for a few years running. Blunt will be 35 in 2018. That's the spot!
Emily Blunt in Edge of Tomorrow Credit: Warner Bros.
There have already been reports that Blunt was in running for the role. And it's been confirmed that she was Marvel's early choice for the role of Black Widow, only dropping out of the character's debut in Iron Man 2 because of scheduling conflicts. Marvel again tried to land the actress in the role of Peggy Carter in Captain America: The First Avenger, but she turned down the role.
If Blunt is waiting for star billing, this would be her chance. And for Marvel, the third time just might be the charm ... and we predict it will be.
Yesterday, a federal judge released Rowan County, Kentucky, clerk Kim Davis from custody after deputy clerks in her office began issuing marriage licenses. Davis had ordered the deputy clerks not to issue any marriage licenses after the Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage because she said doing so would violate her religious beliefs.
Davis' release came just in time for a Mike Huckabee campaign rally that was scheduled to take place outside the jail where she was being held.
After leading Davis out to the tune of “Eye of the Tiger,” the Republican presidential candidate said that the Kentucky clerk's stand could save America from the threat of “the tyranny of one branch of government.” Just as divine intervention started and sustained America, Huckabee said, “God showed up and he showed up in the form of an elected Democrat named Kim Davis.”
Huckabee told the Christian Broadcasting Network's David Brody that the judge's decision to release Davis from custody was nothing short of a miracle: “I think it is a God of miracles that we saw act in getting Kim Davis out of jail. But her being in jail brought attention to something that many of us have warned about: the criminalization of Christianity.”
Image caption Images of the monkey being prepared for lift-off were shown on Iranian television
Iran says it has successfully sent a monkey into space.
The primate travelled in a Pishgam rocket, which reached an altitude of some 120km (75 miles) for a sub-orbital flight before "returning its shipment intact", the defence ministry said.
Iranian state TV showed images of the monkey, which was strapped into a harness, being taken to the rocket.
Western nations have expressed concern that Iran's space programme is being used to develop long-range missiles.
Such missiles could potentially be used to carry nuclear warheads.
Iran denies it is seeking to develop nuclear weapons and insists its nuclear programme is solely for peaceful purposes.
Turtle and worms
Satellite technology expert Pat Norris told the BBC that Iran's claim to have sent a monkey into space was not a major advance on what its space programme had already achieved.
Image caption The monkey was sent up in a Kavoshgar rocket dubbed "Pishgam" (Pioneer)
The achievement was similar to launching a missile at 4,828km/h (3,000mph) and having its warhead survive the flight - something Iran had done in several tests in recent years, he noted.
However, the survival of the monkey, without incurring any injuries, would demonstrate that the acceleration and deceleration of the rocket were not too severe, Mr Norris added.
In 2010, Iran successfully sent a rat, turtle and worms into space. But an attempt to send a monkey up in a rocket failed in 2011.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad announced in 2010 that the country planned to send a man into space by 2019.
A domestically-made satellite was sent into orbit for the first time in 2009.
1950s: The Country Girl, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Sabrina, Sunset Boulevard, To Catch a Thief, War and Peace, Houseboat, A Place in the Sun, The Greatest Show on Earth, Funny Face
The Country Girl, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Sabrina, Sunset Boulevard, To Catch a Thief, War and Peace, Houseboat, A Place in the Sun, The Greatest Show on Earth, Funny Face 1960s: The Odd Couple, Alfie, Barbarella, Hud, Barefoot in the Park, Breakfast at Tiffany's, In Harm's Way, True Grit, The Italian Job, The Nutty Professor
The Odd Couple, Alfie, Barbarella, Hud, Barefoot in the Park, Breakfast at Tiffany's, In Harm's Way, True Grit, The Italian Job, The Nutty Professor 1970s: Paper Moon, The Great Gatsby, Love Story, Grease, The Out-of-Towners, Harold and Maude, Heaven Can Wait, On a Clear Day You Can See Forever, The Bad News Bears, Plaza Suite
Paper Moon, The Great Gatsby, Love Story, Grease, The Out-of-Towners, Harold and Maude, Heaven Can Wait, On a Clear Day You Can See Forever, The Bad News Bears, Plaza Suite 1980s: The Naked Gun, Airplane!, Footloose, Urban Cowboy, Clue, Pretty in Pink, Some Kind of Wonderful, Terms of Endearment, Crocodile Dundee, Ferris Bueller's Day Off
The Naked Gun, Airplane!, Footloose, Urban Cowboy, Clue, Pretty in Pink, Some Kind of Wonderful, Terms of Endearment, Crocodile Dundee, Ferris Bueller's Day Off 1990s: Wayne's World, Clueless, The Truman Show, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Galaxy Quest, Ghost, Kingpin, Superstar, Runaway Bride, Tommy Boy
Wayne's World, Clueless, The Truman Show, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Galaxy Quest, Ghost, Kingpin, Superstar, Runaway Bride, Tommy Boy 2000s: Zoolander, Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, Tropic Thunder, Almost Famous, School of Rock, I Love You, Man, She's the Man, Mean Girls, Old School
1960s: Dr. Strangelove, Lawrence of Arabia, The Graduate, Psycho, West Side Story
Dr. Strangelove, Lawrence of Arabia, The Graduate, Psycho, West Side Story 1970s: Rocky, Carrie, Apocalypse Now, The French Connection, Serpico, Marathon Man
Rocky, Carrie, Apocalypse Now, The French Connection, Serpico, Marathon Man 1980s: Back to the Future, Die Hard, The Breakfast Club, Dirty Dancing, WarGames, The Thing
Back to the Future, Die Hard, The Breakfast Club, Dirty Dancing, WarGames, The Thing 1990s: The Big Lebowski, Fight Club, American Beauty, Jerry Maguire, Reservoir Dogs, The Silence of the Lambs
The Big Lebowski, Fight Club, American Beauty, Jerry Maguire, Reservoir Dogs, The Silence of the Lambs 2000s: Shaun of the Dead, Juno, (500) Days of Summer, Cloverfield, Ghost World, Legally Blonde, Bring It On
Apple recently opened up a limited-time sale within iTunes for a selection of movies dating back to the 1950s, which the company has grouped into "Iconic" and "Essential" collections (via Variety ). The bundles include movies like Dr. Strangelove, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy, and many more.The sale starts with a group of $19.99 "Iconic" movie bundles for each decade, beginning with the 1950s, each including ten movies.All of the movies included in every collection are listed below:The "Essential" films aren't bundled under one price point, and instead iTunes has accumulated popular films from each decade and marked them down to $4.99 each. The amount of movies included in each decade's Essential sale ranges from 26 to nearly 100, although the 1950s are not included.Some of the $4.99 films in each decade's sale are listed below:iTunes has also marked down specific categories of Essential films, including "Summer Blockbuster Essentials," "Based on a True Story Essentials," "Essential Actors + Directors," and more.Apple regularly runs sales within the movies section of iTunes, most recently giving the storefront a LEGO-themed makeover and placing some DC movies on sale to coincide with the digital release of The LEGO Batman Movie. Last year, the movies section of iTunes turned ten years old and in celebration Apple debuted bundles of ten films for $10 each.
As he alluded to in his recent post-hospital video, a recovering Lil Wayne will hit the road this summer for an ambitious tour called America's Most Wanted. He'll be joined by T.I. and Future for big arena dates across the U.S. beginning in July, XXL reports. Wayne's new album, I Am Not a Human Being II, is out tomorrow.
Watch the new video for Lil Wayne and 2 Chainz' "R.A.F." after the dates.
America's Most Wanted tour:
07-09 Birmingham, AL - Oak Mountain Amphitheatre
07-10 Nashville, TN - Bridgestone Arena
07-12 Atlanta, GA - Lakewood Amphitheatre
07-13 Tampa, FL - Live Nation Amphitheatre
07-14 West Palm Beach, FL - Cruzan Amphitheatre
07-16 Pittsburgh, PA - First Niagra Pavilion
07-17 Baltimore, MD - 1St Mariner Arena
07-19 Wantagh, NY - Jones Beach
07-20 Philadelphia, PA - Susquehanna Bank Center
07-21 Scranton, PA - Toyota Pavilion
07-23 Bangor, ME - Bangor Amphitheatre
07-24 Holmdel, NJ - Pnc Bank Arts Center
07-26 Charlotte, NC - Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre
07-27 Raleigh, NC - Time Warner Pavilion
07-28 Virginia Beach, VA - Farm Bureau Live
07-30 Buffalo, NY - Darien Lake Pac
07-31 Hartford, CT - Comcast Theatre
08-02 Washington, DC - Verizon Center
08-03 Saratoga Springs, NY - Spac
08-04 Boston, MA - Comcast Theatre
08-06 Cincinnati, OH - Riverbend Music Pavilion
08-07 Cleveland, OH - Klipsch Amphitheatre
08-09 Detroit, MI - Joe Louis Arena
08-10 Chicago, IL - First Midwest Bank Amphitheatre
08-11 St. Louis, MO - Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre
08-13 Indianapolis, IN - Klipsch Amphitheatre
08-14 Memphis, TN - FedEx Forum
08-16 Dallas, TX - Gexa Pavilion
08-17 Austin, TX - Austin 360 Amphitheatre
08-18 Houston, TX - Cwm Pavilion
08-20 Omaha, NE - Qwest Center
08-21 Oklahoma City, OK - Chesapeake Energy Center
08-23 Denver, CO - Fiddler's Green
08-24 Albuquerque, NM - Isleta Amphitheatre
08-25 Phoenix, AZ - Desert Sky Pavilion
08-27 San Diego, CA - Sleep Train Arena
08-28 Sacramento, CA - Sleep Train Arena
08-30 Oakland, CA - Sleep Train Arena
08-31 Las Vegas, NV - Arena
09-01 Irvine, CA - Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre
The world-famous Russian Kalashnikov Concern stole the show at the Army-2016 forum in the Moscow Region unveiling a new string of its deadly weapons including the RPK-16 machine gun, the AK12 and the AK15 assault rifles. A Sputnik reporter visited the Alabino shooting range to see the demonstration of the arms' capabilities with his own eyes.
The RPK-16 is a 5.45mm brand-new light machine gun which is expected to take over the role of its predecessor, the RPK-74, in the Russian Armed Forces thanks to its groundbreaking features.
© Sputnik / Evgeny Biyatov A visitor examines the RPK-16 machine of the Kalashnikov concern at the Army 2016 International military and technical forum.
What striking first and foremost is that this machine gun is equipped with a sniper sight and a barrel silencer and is capable of firing single shots, which is absolutely surprising for the type of weapon known for strong recoil and meant for firing long bursts.
This is exactly what makes the RPK-16 different from analogues. A fine combination of ergonomic decisions such as the changeable length of the club and a pistol-like grip considerably minimize recoil whereas a Picatinny rail is used to mount extra devices such as a scope sight, a collimating sight, a heat imaging sight, or a tac-lite system.
During the dynamic demonstration, a shooter armed with an RPK-16 equally easily eliminated targets with both long bursts and single shots, using the record-light 4kg-machinegun as a sniper rifle in the latter case. The engineers created a truly cross-functional weapon, Andrei Kirisenko, an adviser to the Kalashnikov CEO explained to Sputnik while bullets were hitting targets a dozen meters away.
"The RPK-16 machine gun was designed primarily for Spetsnaz, paratroopers and other rapid reaction forces who need a universal, compact and light weapon for accomplishing different tasks."
The bipod-based machine gun has two types of magazines: a 30-round curved magazine and a new 96-round drum. Its construction enables a long barrel (when the RPK-16 is applied as a machinegun) and a short barrel (in the event it is used as an assault weapon). It has a rate of fire of 700 rounds per minute and an accuracy range of 800 meters. It can fire any rounds compatible with an AK-74 or RPK-74.
AK12 or AK15: Enhanced Ergonomics and Density of Hits for Russian Army
Apart from the machine gun, the Kalashnikov Concern presented two assault rifles, the 5.45mm AK12 and the 7.62mm AK15, which are contesting the right to replace the tried-and-true 5.45mm AK-74M in the Russian Army. They both have a rate of fire of 700 rounds per minute, which is 50 rounds faster than that of the AK-74M. The accuracy range of two new assault rifles is measured at 800 meters.
AK-15 and AK-12 © Sputnik / Vasily Raksha
AK-12 © Sputnik / Vasily Raksha
AK-15 © Sputnik / AK-12 1 / 3 © Sputnik / Vasily Raksha AK-15 and AK-12
Basically, the only difference between the two is their caliber — the AK15 seems to be a backup should the Russian Army switch back to the 7.62mm caliber.
In contrast with older AK assault rifles, the AK12 and AK15 brandish a Picatinny rail for various devices, a telescopic-type buttstock, and a pistol-type grip; several changes were made to the magazine-opening cover, foregrip, and gas tube. These modifications noticeably ratcheted up the weapons' grouping of shots and ergonomics.
The Army-2016 international military-technical exposition is taking place in the Moscow Region on September 6-11.
U.S. Army Gen. James Thurman, U.S. Forces Korea commander, looks towards North Korea during a visit to the Demilitarized Zone in South Korea on Nov. 11, 2012. Thurman told a town hall meeting on Jan. 23 that U.S. forces are in a period of "high vulnerability" following Pyongyang's test of a long-range rocket in December.
SEOUL — The top U.S. military commander in South Korea said this week that he worries about another North Korean provocation, and that U.S. forces are in a period of “high vulnerability” following Pyongyang's test of a long-range rocket last month.
“I'm not trying to frighten anybody, but that's the deal,” U.S. Forces Korea commander Gen. James Thurman said during a community briefing at U.S. Army Garrison Yongsan. “What happened on the twelfth of December changed some things over here.”
Statements from high-ranking leaders such as Thurman are unusual at community briefings, which typically address upcoming events and issues of interest solely to the local installations.
He deemed North Korea's missile launch “highly successful” and said the U.S. military is closely monitoring the North's actions.
“We're doing all the right things across all of our components to make sure that we don't have any potential security problems,” he told the audience.
“I think we're in good shape on that, but again, we've got a dangerous man north of this DMZ up there, and we've got to really pay attention to that,” making reference to the country's young leader, Kim Jong-un.
“This guy's in charge,” he said.
Kim assumed power in December 2011 following the death of his father, dictator Kim Jong Il. Analysts have said the missile launch may have been an attempt by the younger Kim to consolidate his authority in case of possible opposition within the country's opaque political and military structure, or to gain leverage in its relations with other states.
North Korea has claimed that the launch was intended to put a satellite into space for peaceful observation purposes, but the United States and others believe it was a test of technology that could someday enable Pyongyang to strike the continental U.S. with a nuclear device.
This week, the U.N. Security Council passed a measure condemning the Dec. 12 launch as a violation of a ban on ballistic missile activity, and tightened sanctions.
If history is any guide, North Korea also could be planning a nuclear test in the near future. The country followed missile launches in 2006 and 2009 with nuclear tests shortly thereafter.
During a press conference in Seoul on Thursday, former USFK commander B.B. Bell said he expects the North could conduct its third nuclear test within the next three to four months, according to South Korea's Yonhap News.
“If they are willing under this leader to shoot that intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) in clear defiance of the international community, then they have to be willing to conduct a nuclear test,” Bell said.
“It makes no sense to develop ICBM if you are not developing a warhead to put onto it,” Yonhap quoted Bell as saying.
North Korea's National Defense Commission has made it clear that it views the U.S. as the enemy.
“We do not hide that a variety of satellites and long-range rockets which will be launched by the DPRK (the Democratic People's Republic of Korea) one after another and a nuclear test of a higher level….will target against the U.S., the sworn enemy of the Korean people,” according to a defense commission statement released Thursday by the Korea Central News Agency.
The statement led to condemnation from Washington, with White House press secretary Jay Carney on Thursday calling Pyongyang, “needlessly provocative.”
Also on Thursday, U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said that while officials have seen no outward signs that a nuclear test is imminent, “that doesn't tell you very much.”
“They have the capability, frankly, to conduct these tests in a way that make it very difficult to determine whether or not they are doing it,” he said at a press briefing in Washington.
rowlanda@pstripes.osd.mil
Share 141 Pin 382 Shares
By Maria Saporta
The Atlanta BeltLine's Eastside Trail attracts about one million users a year.
Now the Atlanta BeltLine Partnership is asking them to help light the way.
Chuck Meadows, executive director of the Partnership, announced a $1.1 million “crowd-funding campaign” to “Light the Line.”
The campaign would cover the costs for 110 light fixtures that would be placed about every 90 feet along the trail from the Krog Street Market to Piedmont Park at 10th and Monroe Drive, according to Lee Harrop, program director of Atlanta BeltLine Inc.
The campaign was announced on Monday evening at the Ladybird Grove & Mess Hall that overlooks the Eastside Trail at mile marker 9.25.
Originally, BeltLine leaders said the trail would be open to the public from sun-up to sun-down. But Meadows said the BeltLine has been so popular that people have been using the trail in the early morning hours and after nightfall.
The lights – designed for pedestrian corridors – would be more inviting for people who want to use the trail when it's not daylight.
Harrop also said that the lights would have motion sensors where they would become brighter than people would go by. “It's pretty state of the art,” he said.
“We have a very safe environment, and we have had very limited instances of misfeasance,” Meadows said. “It is not a problem we are trying to solve. It's just an added comfort for people who are using the trail.”
The goal is to raise $1.1 million by April 30th, and people are being asked to contribute any amount they can afford. A website has been set up to receive donations at lighttheline.com.
A special guest at the announcement was Matt Bronfman, CEO of Jamestown, the developer of Ponce City Market, which is right on the BeltLine.
Bronfman said Jamestown has been supportive of the BeltLine making it one of its major entrances – encouraging people to visit Ponce City by bicycle or on foot.
That's one reason why Ponce City Market started charging for parking at the complex, something that Bronfman said had drawn some criticism.
“We are using pay parking proceeds to donate $100,000 to the lighting of the BeltLine,” Bronfman said.
Harrop said that BeltLine will be using the same fixtures that will be placed on the Eastside Trail on other portions of the corridor, such as the Westside.
Up until now, the BeltLine Partnership has focused most of its fundraising on major donations from foundations, corporations and wealthier individuals. Now the crowd-funding approach will be a way for people who use the BeltLine on a regular basis can invest in the corridor.
“We will look forward to implementing this approach to other sections of the BeltLine,” Meadows said.
Also, restaurants along the BeltLine will include postcards about the campaign with people's dinner checks.
To purchase and install the lights, Meadows said it would cost a total of $990,000. It also is spending about $10,000 on campaign materials, and the last $100,000 will go towards programming cultural events along the corridor.
Once the $1.1 million has been raised, Meadows said it would take about six months to get the lights installed, and he hopes the lights will be shining by the end of this year.
The original Starship Troopers. Photo: Tristar Pictures
Break out the bug spray! Sony Pictures Über-producer Neal Moritz has decided that the time has come to reboot Paul Verhoeven's 1997 fascist classic Starship Troopers. He has assigned the script to screenwriters Ashley Edward Miller and Zack Stentz, who, among other things, wrote Thor and X-Men: First Class, as well as many episodes of the TV shows Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles and Fringe. Of course, they also wrote Agent Cody Banks, which makes one think that Frankie Muniz could be the perfect former child star to take over the Neil Patrick Harris role.
A new Starship Troopers follows remake plans for Verhoeven's Total Recall and RoboCop. How long until his Basic Instinct and Showgirls get updated? Come to think of it, we could totally see Frankie Muniz in both of those, too.
The Durham VA in North Carolina has come under fire after photos appeared on Facebook of patients left lying on the floor. Marine veteran Stephen McMenamin and his wife Hanna could not believe what they saw in the waiting room:
“It was very upsetting,” Stephen McMenamin said. He and his wife said they saw a handful of older veterans mistreated and ignored during the seven hours they were at the hospital, including an aged-veteran in a wheelchair. “He had been sitting there for quite some time groaning and convulsing in pain,” McMenamin said. “Almost to the point of where he was falling out of his wheelchair.” “He was visibly in pain,” said Hanna. “And I think the thing with that that disturbed me so much was that there were people just sitting there acting like nothing was happening and he was sitting right in front of them and they were not even acknowledging that it was happening.”
The McMenamins and others asked the staff to help the man, but everyone asked said no. McMenamin finally gave the man the wheelchair he had, but a nurse quickly acted:
“He sat in it for probably 15 minutes until the head nurse came around and kicked him out and said he can't do that, he can't be in that area. She was very rough with him and just completely insensitive,” he said.
Another man who could not get comfortable in the waiting room caught the couple's attention. He finally gave up and lied down on the floor:
“He just kind of laid down and said, ‘I can't get up, I won't get up. Please get me a blanket until you can see me.' ” McMenamin says security guards helped the man up after about five minutes and he was taken out of the waiting room. “It's just horrible sitting in a room like that with people who could have been my grandfather,” Hanna added, “in that much pain and having people not even react, it seemed like. “The majority of the people working there were very nice to us. They were great,” she added. “It's just that you have these people that don't care it seems like, and from what I've read from the comments, this is happening all over the place. You get people that just don't care for what they're doing and they feel like they can't be fired, so they just kind of get away with it. I just think it's unacceptable.”
Vietnam veteran Jesse Lee told WRAL that he is the man in the wheelchair. He visited the VA for phantom pains he has experienced after doctors amputated his leg:
“Somebody in real bad pain should be seen,” Lee said. “It felt like a railroad spike was going through my foot. It's like one of the worst pains you've ever felt in your life.” Lee said he was in pain for several hours before he was seen. McMenamin said the problem was with one particular VA nurse who appeared to essentially ignore the pleas from patients.
Lee also said that he asked the employees numerous times if anyone could help them and all said he had to wait.
DeAnne Seekins, Director of the Durham VA, stated that the pictures are very misleading. She claimed the employees checked the surveillance videos from that night and everything checked out. She said that the veterans received the help they needed and “given extra care.”
However, Seekins would not hand over the tapes to CBS North Carolina when asked.
Seekins admitted the VA had a very busy night, but every single veteran was “triaged and treated based on the severity of their illness.”
The director also said that two of the veterans did not appreciate their photos posted on Facebook and asked the McMenamins to remove the photos. The veteran lying on the floor even apologized for his actions.
But the McMenamins “stand by their post” and said “the veteran who was slumped in his wheelchair supports their efforts and was suffering major pain while waiting.”
Last updated 07-Nov-2015
As I write this I am on a plane and my destination is EELive 2014 where I am going to give a talk hardware design: the grunge era. It is a shotgun introduction to three alternative hardware description languages (alt.hdl). The three languages briefly introduced in the talk are: bsv, chisel, and myhdl. The goal of the talk is simply to raise awareness of the three alt.hdls and encourage others to learn an alt.hdl.
In the talk I have one slide explaining why I do not include a "C" based high-level synthesis (HLS). The reasons I did not consider a "C" based HLS for the talk:
Minimal micro-architecture control
"C" is not that high-level
Almost impossible to leverage existing code bases
There is not an army of C programmers (this is typically a reason provided to justify C HLS)
The above is all that is said on the subject in the talk. In this post I am going to use a "C" HLS example to demonstrate the "C" version is not more concise, readable, or digestible than a hardware implementation in MyHDL.
In the latest XCell (XCell issue 86) there is an article on using the Vivado HLS (C based HSL previously known as AutoESL) to create a median filter. At the core of the median filter is a median calculation which is mainly a "sort". The first thing to point out is that the author, Daniela Bagni, makes an effort to explain a different type of sort is being implemented: a sort network.
Regardless of the language we need to make sure we are designing an appropriate algorithm for the target. In this case a sort network instead of an iterative sort like quick-sort. Figure 1 is a depiction of the algorithm. The sort will require N clock cycles where N is the number of items to be sorted and N is fixed. The median calculation will produce a new result on every clock cycle even though it requires N cycles before a result is calculated - the median calculation is pipelined.
(Figure 1: Sort network for a five element sort)
The following is the C code that calculates the sort and can be used in the Vivado HLS (see the article for the actual code with the pragmas required for HLS and additional definitions).
The following is a Python version. This Python version will only be used as reference (exploration and verification).
This Python version is different than the C version. If you are experienced with C (and not Python) you may not like this form. If you are familiar with Python or other high-level languages this might be a preferred form. In actuality it is not that different than the C version. The C version could be written with an additional function. I like the use of the function because it is explicit. We can look at the definition of our algorithm and the code and make sense of each with little effort - it is clear which part of the implementation is calculating the stage and the portion that is cascading the stages.
The hardware description is similar, there is a module to describe the stage comparisons and a separate piece to cascade the stages. In addition the hardware description includes the hardware types.
The following is the MyHDL description of the compare stages.
In the hardware version we need to define which events cause the RTL process (which is a Python generator) to execute. This is a fully synchronous implementation. We have a sequential process on the positive edge of the clock.
To build the stages, first a matrix of Signals is created to connect the compare stage modules. And then a list of the compare modules is created and connected with the signal matrix, this describes the structure described in figure 2.
(Figure 2: Sort-network logical signal matrix)
To me this makes sense, in this case we have an explicit definition of the algorithm the sort network in figure 1 and it is clear by the definition that we need to communicate between stages, whereas the C version reuses the buffers - breaking the connection to the original definition.
From my perspective the MyHDL is a more explicit implementation of our algorithm and just as concise as the C version. The addition of some of the hardware constructs (e.g. defining the events) is roughly the same effort required to understand the C version parallel-streaming description and pragmas. Sure, I am biased because I have years of experience writing HDL but as the article points out you need to be aware of the target. The difficult part is defining the correct algorithm, which the HLS nor HDL help. But with the HDL I am working at a comfortable level - just the right level of abstraction and my algorithm is not foreign compared to the C version. There are just a couple things you need to learn with the HDL (see the MyHDL manual ) but there are also things that need to be learned with the C version.
As briefly mentioned, in this context the median calculation is used in an image processing median filter. The filter is used to remove noise. In the next post the rest of the filter will be implemented.
The complete median (mm_median) is available in a github repo with other examples from the EELive (Embedded Systems Conference) presentation. The code snippets and test are available in a gist. In the next post the rest of the the median filter implementation will be covered.
07-Nov-2015: Updated the code snippets, the previous method was broken, using github gist to manage the code snippets.
Update Log:
Your Dragon is Your Best Friend in Scalebound
Your Dragon is Your Best Friend in Scalebound
Scalebound: You and Your Dragon Will Be Like Han and Chewie
Scalebound: You and Your Dragon Will Be Like Han and Chewie
Share. Bookmark this page! Bookmark this page!
UPDATE: The month is now complete! Check below for all our of Scalebound coverage, and enjoy!
Scalebound, an Xbox One exclusive from renowned action game developer PlatinumGames (Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance, Vanquish, etc.), was revealed at E3 2014. Absolutely nothing has been seen or heard from it since. That all changes this month with IGN First, where we'll be covering the game in-depth throughout August. Our team went to Platinum in Japan and will be bringing you approximately a dozen exclusive features and videos over the next four weeks. Bookmark this page!
Kamiya Answers Your Questions
How Scalebound's Combat Works
Exit Theatre Mode
How Star Wars Influenced Scalebound's World Design
Exit Theatre Mode
Headphones and Hollywood: Inside Scalebound's Eclectic Soundtrack
Character Bonding
Exit Theatre Mode
The Dragon-tastic Origins of Scalebound
Exit Theatre Mode
Deep-Dive Feature Story on Scalebound's RPG Gameplay Systems
Full Video Preview, Including New Footage!
Exit Theatre Mode
Kamiya-san Walks Us Through the 8-Minute Demo
Exit Theatre Mode
8-Minute Extended Gameplay Demo
Exit Theatre Mode
Feature Preview
And here's the original reveal trailer in case you haven't seen it in a while:
If its the Monday after Black Friday, then its national hype the fabricated data day!
Every year around this time, we get a series of loose reports coincident with Black Friday and the holiday weekend. Each year, they are wildly optimistic. And like clockwork, the media idiotically repeats these trade organizations spin like its gospel. When the data finally comes in, we learn that the early reports were pure hokum, put out by trade groups to create shopping hype. (Yes, the Media ALWAYS screws the pooch big time on this one, with the occasional exception).
Let's start with this whopper from an utterly breathless press release from the National Retail Federation:
“U.S. retail sales during Thanksgiving weekend climbed 16 percent to a record as shoppers flocked to stores earlier and spent more, according to the National Retail Federation. Sales totaled $52.4 billion, and the average shopper spent $398.62 during the holiday weekend, up from $365.34 a year earlier, the Washington-based trade group said in a statement today, citing a survey conducted by BIGresearch. More than a third of that — an average of $150.53 — was spent online.”
No, retail sales did not climb 16%. Surveys where people forecast their own future spending are, as we have seen repeatedly in the past, pretty much worthless.
We actually have no idea just yet as to whether, and exactly how much, sales climbed. The data simply is not in yet. The most you can accurately say is according to some foot traffic measurements, more people appeared to be in stores on Black Friday 2011 than in 2010.
Another absurd example: Does any one actually believe “nearly one-quarter (24.4%) of Black Friday shoppers were at the stores by midnight on Black Friday”? Perhaps the NRF competing with the NAR for title of most ridiculous trade group.
Next up is ShopperTrak, who claimed a 6.6% gain in sales:
“Shoppers packed stores and spent money in record numbers on Black Friday, early surveys show, a phenomenon that analysts call a hopeful sign for the U.S economy after months of up-and-down consumer spending. Black Friday sales were up 6.6 percent over last year and foot traffic in stores was up 5.1 percent, according to ShopperTrak, a Chicago-based research firm. The year-to-year spending increase was the greatest since 2007, the firm reported . . .”
What is the basis of that 6.6% gain? ShopperTrak “uses equipment installed in stores to measure traffic.” But that does not measure changes in window shoppers vs buyers from year to year, how much money and or credit people have, how large their holiday budgets are, or how much they are willing to spend. It is a very poor system for forecasting actual sales.
The fact that NRF and ShopperTrak are so widely disparate confirms for us at least one of their methodologies are suspect. In my opinion, both are mostly meaningless.
Here is my challenge to the CEOs of the National Retail Federation and ShopperTrak: $1,000 to the charity of the winners choice that your forecasts for Black Friday, the Thanksgiving weekend and the entire holiday shopping season are wildly off. I bet you your forecasts miss the mark by at least 10%-20% (though I believe its closer to 40-50%).
>
Previously:
More To Holiday Sales Than A Few Phone Calls (November 28th, 2005)
There They Go Again: NRF Redux (July 28th, 2006)
More Bad Data from the NRF? (November 2006)
Repeat After Me: Spending Surveys Are Meaningless (October 2007)
How Good Were Holiday Sales Really? (January 10th, 2008)
Spinning Black Friday Retail Sales (December 1st, 2008)
Entering the Holiday Shopping Season (Beware Surveys!) (October 28th, 2009)
We Don't Know How Black Friday Sales Were Yet (November 28th, 2009)
In Stock! Bad Holiday Sales Forecasts (November 30th, 2009)
Changes to North Carolina's corporate income tax code that are meant to attract Apple to put a $1 billion data center in the state have passed both the state Senate and House. Governor Beverly Perdue is expected to sign the legislation into law without much ado.
The bill isn't specifically tied to any particular company, but it contains a number of conditions that companies must meet to qualify for a significant abatement of state corporate income taxes. Those conditions include investing $1 billion within nine years, locating within North Carolina's poorest regions, providing health insurance to its workers, offering a minimum working wage standard, and being willing to forgo other tax breaks.
Last week an unnamed official revealed that the changes were specifically targeted at Apple, however. The company apparently plans to build a large data center on the East Coast and is considering locating in North Carolina. That center would initially employ about 100 full-time staff members, but would also employ hundreds of workers for more than a year during its construction.
If Apple were to choose to locate in North Carolina, it could receive up to $46 million in tax credits over the next decade. Legislative staffers also estimated it could save Apple $300 million if the company operated the data center for 30 years. The tax code changes are intended to attract employers to the state, which has unemployment rates as high as 15 percent in some areas—nearly double the national average.
Update: As of Wednesday, Apple has officially selected North Carolina as the location for its new data center.
Channeling Blade Flurry sends out shadowy figures to slash at enemies in front of you, dealing Area of Effect damage around them. With every slash it picks a target from those in the direction you're facing, prioritizing targets that haven't been hit yet and are closer. If there is only one target, it'll repeatedly slash that target, making it great for damaging bosses. It's also great at taking out enemies clustered together, as each strike deals damage to enemies in a circle.
The skill has six stages, and each slash you perform increases the current stage of the skill. The skill does 20% more damage for each stage of the skill. When you release the skill, it performs additional slashes as the shadowy figures return to you. You can change which direction you're facing while channeling, but these additional slashes all take place in the direction you targeted last, with a slightly larger attack zone.
The skill is channeled, performing slashes 50% faster than your attack speed, making faster weapons best for hitting stage six quickly. Because of the returning slashes, releasing at six stages gives the optimum damage output, giving you a good opportunity to reposition yourself between assaults.
The skill works with daggers, claws, and one handed swords. It's the level 28 attack skill for Shadows from the "Sever the Right Hand" quest reward. Check out a video of Blade Flurry in action below!
Content Update 2.4.2 is just around the corner and contains three new channeled skills Last week we revealed the mechanics of the Scorching Ray Skill Gem. Today we're revealing the second channeled skill from this update: Blade Flurry.Channeling Blade Flurry sends out shadowy figures to slash at enemies in front of you, dealing Area of Effect damage around them. With every slash it picks a target from those in the direction you're facing, prioritizing targets that haven't been hit yet and are closer. If there is only one target, it'll repeatedly slash that target, making it great for damaging bosses. It's also great at taking out enemies clustered together, as each strike deals damage to enemies in a circle.The skill has six stages, and each slash you perform increases the current stage of the skill. The skill does 20% more damage for each stage of the skill. When you release the skill, it performs additional slashes as the shadowy figures return to you. You can change which direction you're facing while channeling, but these additional slashes all take place in the direction you targeted last, with a slightly larger attack zone.The skill is channeled, performing slashes 50% faster than your attack speed, making faster weapons best for hitting stage six quickly. Because of the returning slashes, releasing at six stages gives the optimum damage output, giving you a good opportunity to reposition yourself between assaults.The skill works with daggers, claws, and one handed swords. It's the level 28 attack skill for Shadows from the "Sever the Right Hand" quest reward. Check out a video of Blade Flurry in action below!
David S. Pumpkins will soon be back to answer your questions.
With the Saturday Night Live season premiere just over two weeks away, Tom Hanks is teasing the return of his pumpkin suit-wearing character.
On Thursday, the Oscar winner shared on Twitter what looks to be a script for a new Pumpkins skit, writing, “Any questions?”
Last October, the character made his debut in a Hanks-hosted episode, which scored the actor an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series. In May's season 42 finale, Pumpkins was back, but this time, he was going as David S. Pimpkins for a hip-hop track with a few too many featured artists.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Season 43 of SNL premieres Sept. 30 at 11:30 p.m. ET on NBC.
This article originally appeared on EW.com
Contact us at editors@time.com.
A Melbourne ice addict who said did not know his gun was loaded when he pointed it at his girlfriend and fired has been found guilty of manslaughter.
Nelson Lai, 35, was acquitted of murder after fatally shooting 22-year-old Rekiah O'Donnell in his Sunshine home in October 2013.
Lai claimed he was looking after the gun for drug dealers and did not know it was loaded.
The court heard how Lai and Ms O'Donnell had a violent and volatile relationship, with the 22-year-old subject to constant abuse as well as threatening and controlling behaviour.
The pair had met in a furniture store and became friends on Facebook. Their 14-month relationship was characterised by abuse and suspicion.
After one assault, Ms O'Donnell told a friend via text message "I know it's my fault for not escaping earlier but I was naive. He forcibly grabbed me last night to get my phone. I was so scared".
Lai's paranoia and possessiveness continued, fuelled by the drug ice, texting her in the days before her death "your phone bill will cost you your life" and "you're dead".
Lai told the jury last week the couple, who were both users of the drug ice, were "kicking back in my room" when he reached behind his bedhead and picked up the gun.
Nelson Lai has been found guilty of manslaughter after shooting his girlfriend. (9NEWS) (9NEWS)
Lai was sitting up in bed, with Ms O'Donnell to his left, when he started playing with the gun and pulling the trigger.
"I mean, I'm not sure how many times because I wasn't counting it," he said.
"We were both sitting on the bed at that time, and then she got up to do something.
"Then the gun went off and I heard a thump on the ground, so I crawled over to the edge of my bed and saw her laying there on the floor.
"I saw her holding her head and I yelled out 'f---' really loud and probably some other things.
"Next thing I know was my parents standing at my door with the door open."
Lai said he called Triple Zero and attempted to stop the bleeding, and performed CPR when Ms O'Donnell stopped breathing.
Prosecution lawyers said on the day of Ms O'Donnell's death, Lai's blood was boiling because he suspected cheating, and deliberately shot her in the temple.
But defence lawyers successfully argued that the triple zero call showed Lai did not mean to kill.
Ms O'Donnell's family left the court crying, her mother Kerryn Robertson telling 9NEWS they were "devastated" and "a bit lost for words".
Lai will be sentenced at a later date.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Creative Assembly's excellent survival horror Alien: Isolation has finally sold 1m copies.
The developer revealed the sales milestone today via Twitter, a little over three months since the game's 7th October launch.
Itâ€™s a great day. A huge thank you to all who helped us reach this fantastic number! http://t.co/MNVC2qgjwR pic.twitter.com/HSlUwv1sPM — Alien: Isolation (@AlienIsolation) January 21, 2015
But, perhaps surprisingly, Isolations sales have come slower than Gearbox's critically-panned first-person shooter Aliens: Colonial Marines.
That project, released back in 2013, shifted 1.3m copies between 12th February and 31st March - a far shorter time frame.
"It has been fantastic to watch the reviews come in and read of the reactions of players, hidden in the bowels of Sevastopol Station, terrified to make the next move," creative lead on Alien Isolation Alistair Hope said today.
"We set out to make the Alien game we had always wanted to play and from these figures it seems we also succeeded in making the Alien game another million wanted to play. We hope many more gamers enjoy Alien: Isolation in 2015."
And while some in the city's schools say test scores and academic achievement have improved in the past few years, some national assessments of fourth and eighth graders show that fewer than half of the students are considered proficient in math and reading.
“The data are devastating,” said Amber Arellano, executive director of the Education Trust-Midwest, an education advocacy and research organization based in Royal Oak, Mich. “There's no other way to cut it. It's abysmal.”
Mr. Snyder had to decide immediately what to do about the future of the Detroit schools leadership. Under state law, a governing body can remove an appointed emergency manager after 18 months, and Mr. Martin's time was to run out this week. Critics of state oversight had urged Mr. Snyder to return the schools to local control, asserting that the outside oversight was undemocratic and impractical; a fourth emergency manager would be no more capable of fixing things than the three before him had, they said.
State officials say the intent of Michigan's emergency manager law has always been to swiftly steer cities and schools systems out of financial distress and back on their own, but Mr. Snyder said the problems in the school system were so great that an emergency manager must remain.
Since 2013, Mr. Earley was an emergency manager for the city of Flint, and he worked as Saginaw's city manager before that.
“We don't walk away from problems that took decades to get there,” Mr. Snyder said. He added at another point: “These issues didn't come about in the course of several 18-month periods. These conditions came about because of decades of challenges.”
Asked whether bankruptcy might be an option for the school system, as it was for the city, Mr. Snyder firmly said no. He noted that a group of community and education officials had begun meeting to sort through larger educational solutions for Detroit, and suggested that wider change might soon be ahead.
“Let's work through something that can be a better answer in terms of a longer-term answer,” Mr. Snyder said.
One of them, shiny and scrubbed, shares a hallway and a bathroom with an Englewood Starbucks. Another, in a historic stretch of northwest Denver, has mismatched china and a certain coziness. At the third, on a gritty stretch of East Colfax in Denver, you might see a diner finish a meal and then start cleaning windows.
All three are restaurants, but it's not the food that sets them apart.
It's their ideals.
Thanksgiving comes once a year for most of us, but the holiday's spirit — embrace generosity, give thanks — is the very foundation of each of these restaurants, where all can sit down and eat, even if their wallets are empty.
The three nonprofit restaurants — two opened this year — depend on the generosity of diners who are willing to pay a little more to cover the bowls of stew and plates of eggs of fellow patrons who can pay only a little or nothing.
“We have found $100 bills in the donation box,” said Cathy Matthews, 45, one of the founders of Cafe 180, which opened at the end of July. “One person came in with a box of pennies. It's not the amount that matters.”
The average diner at Cafe 180 pays $8 to $9.
To thank the community for supporting her business, Matthews today is offering a full Thanksgiving repast to those who walk in — free of charge. She is planning on serving as many as 200 diners.
The region's other pay-what-you- can place — the Comfort Cafe in northwest Denver, which opened last summer, and the 4-year-old SAME Cafe on East Colfax Avenue — have the same business strategy as Cafe 180. As a result, those who can't usually afford to eat at restaurants now can, even if all they have is a handful of change or a willingness to wash dishes.
The pay-what-you-can movement, which started in 2003 at One World Cafe in Salt Lake City, hasn't exactly captivated the nation; there are only about 10 such places in the country. Three of them, though, are in the Denver area; no other metro region supports as many.
More coming to the table
Most of these eateries are small-scale affairs, but that is changing.
The national Panera Bread chain opened a pay-what-you-can restaurant this year in St. Louis, where the company is based, and aims to open at least two more around the country within the year.
Panera Bread's founder heard about Denver's SAME Cafe, said company spokeswoman Kate Antonacci, and he wanted Panera to do something similar to help people in need.
“We've had people come in from all over the map,” said Antonacci. “They will come in for a cup of coffee and leave $20. We have families who come in and say they haven't gone out to a meal in months and they don't know where their next meal is coming from.”
One of the things Cafe 180's Matthews likes about this approach to running a restaurant is how it brings together people who might otherwise never spend time in the same room. At soup kitchens, for example, the only people eating are the down-and-out.
Matthews, who long has given generously to charity, decided about a year ago she was too distant from the people she was helping through her donations.
“My view of the world was too narrow,” she says.
Like the Panera Bread founder, she visited the SAME Cafe, Denver's first of these restaurants, and left with the conviction to start something similar, only in Englewood, where she lives.
Months later, she had a lease on a former Spicy Pickle and a head cook, Dirk Holmberg, who had worked at restaurants around the city until alcoholism left him homeless and desperate. Four years ago, he stopped drinking. Now he runs the Cafe 180 kitchen.
The restaurant “isn't a handout, but a hand up,” said Holmberg, taking a break before a lunch rush. “Through volunteering, you develop self-esteem; you are encouraged to say, ‘Yes, I can do something.' “
Volunteering figures into all of the Denver restaurants. At the Comfort Cafe in northwest Denver, a cozy, historic place with art on the walls, Carmen Petersen, who describes herself as a “senior citizen,” trades her voice for food if she's coming up short.
“I'll sing them a little song,” said Petersen, dressed in a skirt and fancy hat. She spends most of her free time singing in choirs, nursing homes, wherever her voice is welcome. She also volunteers at Comfort Cafe. Most days, she stops by for a meal.
“Every day is gourmet to me,” she said.
Across the room from Petersen, Sarah Roman, 33, and her friend Korina Keating, 30, played peekaboo with their 2-year-olds while they munched on offerings from the restaurant's long menu.
“I came because I was curious about the concept,” Roman said. “I like the idea that if I pay a little bit more for good food, it helps somebody else.”
For her quiche, fruit salad, green salad and beverages, she paid $12. Son Silas, in a high chair, consumed most of it.
The economics of altruism
The model is of interest to economists, especially those who study intersections of human behavior and commerce. Classic economics presumes a measure of “homo economicus” — the idea that people make economic decisions out of pure self-interest — but restaurants such as these complicate matters.
Pay-what-you-can restaurants survive through “a mixture of shame and altruism,” said Philip Graves, an economics professor at the University of Colorado. “I think people do care for other people, and they would be shamed if they didn't pay a fair amount.”
He added: “There's a lot of evidence that people have a strong sense of fairness, and nobody knows why that is. It may be genetic.”
Of particular interest to Graves is how the restaurants collect payment. If cash exchanges occur with employees while other diners are within sight of the transactions, he suspects giving would be higher than if diners anonymously slipped money into a drop box.
Among the Denver outposts, cash- collection procedures are a mix. Cafe 180 and SAME Cafe use boxes; at Comfort Cafe, diners hand money to a cashier. For now, at least, all the models are working. Whether they become community institutions remains to be seen, but they have hope: One World Cafe in Salt Lake City has been operating for nearly eight years.
Restaurants around the country are experimenting with different approaches to pay-what-you-can, said Denise Cerreta, the founder of the One World Everybody Eats Foundation in Salt Lake City who also opened the first pay-what-you-can restaurant there.
At this point, she is receiving up to five e-mails a week from entrepreneurs around the country who want to start similar cafes in their towns.
“When I first started this, I got heckled,” she said. “But now people are saying, ‘Wow, this really can work.' There are options other than money for people to eat together in one place.”
Douglas Brown: 303-954-1395 or djbrown@denverpost.com
Pull up a chair
Three restaurants in the Denver area operate on a pay-what-you-can basis:
Cafe 180, 3315 S. Broadway, 303-761-4510, www.appetitesunite.org. Tue.- Sat., 11 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Comfort Cafe, 3945 Tennyson St., 303-728-9251, thecomfortcafe.net. Wed.-Sun., 7:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.
SAME Cafe, 2023 E. Colfax Ave., 720-530-6853, soallmayeat.org. Mon.-Sat., 11 a.m. to 2 p.m.
A North Palm Beach man was arrested after yesterday's Giants win in Tampa, and police say he was attempting to set fire to the huge Buccaneers flag that flies over team headquarters.
Daniel Justin Raboni, 32, was booked on charges of criminal mischief and possession of marijuana, one of which may have informed the other. According to the Tampa Tribune, he's a Giants fan.
Advertisement
Police say the flag is made of flame-retardant material, so it didn't ignite and only melted a little. Good thing; that fucker is HUGE.
The 80-by-50-foot, $26,000 flag hangs from a 15-story pole at the team's headquarters.
The story does not answer how Raboni allegedly reached the flag to set fire to it, if it was 15 stories up. Did he climb the flagpole? Was he shooting flaming arrows at it? Lots of questions here, not least of which is what the hell he's wearing in his booking photo.
Advertisement
According to the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office, Raboni remains in jail on $2,500 bond.
[Tampa Tribune]
Romney spent $42.3 million of own money on losing bid
A campaign fundraising report shows Republican presidential dropout Mitt Romney lent himself $7 million last month. That means Romney spent more than $42 million of his personal fortune on his failed campaign.
The former venture capitalist and Massachusetts governor finished January with nearly $9 million in the bank. But more than $3 million of those funds must be returned to donors because they were earmarked for the general election.
The report was filed Wednesday with the Federal Election Commission.
Romney dropped out after Super Tuesday, and later endorsed Sen. John McCain. The Arizona senator is now assured the nomination.
Overall, Romney spent $98 million since beginning his campaign a year ago, including $10 million in January.
"Before abandoning his bid to become president, Mitt Romney put in at least $42.3 million of his own money, a big chunk of the $97 million he spent on the campaign," the Boston Globe reports. "The former Massachusetts governor's total self-financing puts him ahead of Steve Forbes, the publisher who spent $38 million on his unsuccessful run for the GOP nomination in 1996, but shy of the $63.5 million that H. Ross Perot spent on his 1992 third-party presidential campaign."
The Globe adds, "Romney's total loan also equates to about $167,000 for each of the 253 delegates he won before suspending his campaign. By suspending his bid, Romney, who made an estimated $250 million as a venture capitalist, can keep raising money to possibly pay himself back."
(with wire reports)
After China placed an oil rig in disputed waters between China and Vietnam, China-Vietnam relations have hit a mini crisis. Some analysts claim that China made a strategic mistake (here and here) in deploying the 981 oil rig in disputed waters. Although one can debate the timing and method of China's deployment, it is inaccurate to describe China's action as a major strategic mistake.
Let us look at the timing issue first. The timing of China's deployment of oil rig 981 is puzzling to many, mainly because in recent years China and Vietnam have maintained a relatively good relationship. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang visited Vietnam in 2013 and the two sides agreed to further enhance cooperation in several issue areas. On the other hand, China's decision to deploy the 981 oil rig shouldn't be a surprise or a puzzle. After all, China has spent many years and tons of money to develop an oil rig that can operate in deep sea. It should be clear to outsiders that someday China will deploy it near deep sea areas, which will certainly be contested by other countries. According to Holly Morrow, there is never a good time for doing it. In her words, “The reality is these types of rigs take a long time to deploy, take a lot of planning, and there's a window of time in the South China Sea when there are no typhoons. I think all of the stars aligned for the Chinese to do this now, and the fact that it was sandwiched between Obama's Asia visit and the ASEAN Summit, I think that was probably a more unlucky coincidence rather than what they were intending.” Thus, the timing question is interesting; but that not important.
Nonetheless, there are at least two other reasons why China could have made a mistake in this incident. First, one could argue that China's international image was hurt by this incident, thereby losing a chance to win the hearts and minds of Vietnamese people. Small countries in Southeast Asia might view China as a big bully in the South China Sea; and this would hurt China's goal to promote regional stability and peace, which was a central goal laid out by President Xi Jinping in a major work conference on regional diplomacy in 2013. Some scholars within China share this view, believing that it is unwise to have quarrels with three countries at the same time, i.e., Japan, The Philippines, and Vietnam. Such worries are legitimate as China's international image will certainly suffer a bit because of this incident. Nonetheless, like any other country, when forced to choose between core national interests and international image, China would choose the former. Probably realizing that China could not have the cake and eat it too, it puts national interests in front of its image. In this sense, the damage is real but not that big.
Second, one could argue that China's current move will further push Vietnam into the arms of the U.S., thereby possibly creating an anti-China coalition in East Asia including Japan, the Philippines, and maybe others. This is a real possibility. Vietnam, however, might not want to become an ally to the U.S. in opposing China because it would still need China's market and investment to develop. China is Vietnam's biggest trading partner in 2013, with imports from China accounting for 28 percent of all imports. A rational Vietnam would not want to jeopardize this important trading relationship. Moreover, the ongoing anti-Chinese riots and the destruction and looting of Chinese firms and other countries' firms (such as South Korean) would only hurt Vietnam's business image internationally. This would be bad for Vietnam when its big projects desperately need foreign capital, with Chinese foreign direct investment increasing sharply in 2013.
Moreover, Vietnam is still a socialist regime dominated by the Communist party with strong suspicions of the U.S. Many in Vietnam are suspicious about U.S. goals in Vietnam, believing that the U.S. still aims to overthrow the Communist regime through some kind of color revolution. The constant criticisms on Vietnam's human rights record by the U.S. only makes things worse for the bilateral relationship. Thus, so long as the Vietnamese Communist Party remains in power, there will not be a fundamental change in the political relationship between Vietnam and the United States. The VCP might lose face in confrontations with China; but it will lose life if getting too close to the United States.
One more reason why China would not suffer a lot is because Vietnam's options are limited. There is the domestic instability issue. In contrast to some analysis, Vietnam's anti-China riots do not so much worry China; what these riots really do scare is the Vietnamese government. This is not surprising because usually anti-foreign nationalist protests would target their national government for being too soft. This is why the Vietnamese government has arrested thousands of protestors in the last few days.
In short, China might not have gained a lot from the deployment of an oil rig in disputed waters, but it is certainly not a strategic mistake. Currently Vietnam does not have too many cards to play against China's move. But China should make efforts to stabilize Sino-Vietnamese relations as it will not be good for China to force Vietnam into a corner.
The Constitutional Recognition forum has after three days come to a final position that will see a treaty commission established and a truth and justice style commission established with constitutional reform no longer a priority.
The Referendum Council has announced constitutional recognition is no longer a major goal and announced they intended to form a treaty commission to seek Makarrata, a Yolgnu word for treaty, and a truth and justice commission.
A note on why this story was published then taken down earlier today.
The 'Uluru Statement from the Heart' was developed over three days of consultation among Indigenous leaders.
Speaking to reporters at Uluru today, Referendum Council representatives, Pat Anderson and Megan Davis said that a working group for the next phase of the process had been chosen from the forum.
"People want treaty. They don't want acknowledgement, they want treaty."
They stated there would be a treaty commission, as well as a truth and justice commission that would run parallel.
Referendum Council Co-Chair Ms Anderson said constitutional acknowledgement had been "totally rejected" by all the meeting held in the 6 month consultation process before the Uluru forum.
Uluru Statement from the heart
"We, gathered at the 2017 National Constitutional Convention, coming from all points of the southern sky, make this statement from the heart:
Our Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander tribes were the first sovereign Nations of the Australian continent and its adjacent islands, and possessed it under our own laws and customs.
These are our ancestors did, according to the reckoning of our culture, from the Creation, according to the common law from ‘time immemorial', and according to science more than 60,000 years ago.
This sovereignty is a spiritual notion: the ancestral tie between the land, or ‘mother nature', and the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples who were born therefrom, remain attached thereto, and must one day return thither to be united with our ancestors. This link is the basis of the ownership of the soil, or better, of sovereignty. It has never been ceded or extinguished, and co-exists with the sovereignty of the Crown.
How could it be otherwise? That peoples possessed a land for sixty millennia and this sacred link disappears from world history in merely the last two hundred years?
With substantive constitutional change and structural reform, we believe this ancient sovereignty can shine through as a fuller expression of Australia's nationhood.
Proportionally, we are the most incarcerated people on the planet. We are not an innately criminal people. Our children are aliened from their families at unprecedented rates. This cannot be because we have no love for them. And our youth languish in detention in obscene numbers. They should be our hope for the future.
These dimensions of our crisis tell plainly the structural nature of our problem. This is the torment of our powerlessness.
We seek constitutional reforms to empower our people and take a rightful place in our own country. When we have power over our destiny our children will flourish. They will walk in two worlds and their culture will be a gift to their country.
We call for the establishment of a First Nations Voice enshrined in the Constitution.
Makarrata is the culmination of our agenda: the coming together after a struggle. It captures our aspirations for a fair and truthful relationship with the people of Australia and a better future for our children based on justice and self-determination.
We seek a Makarrata Commission to supervise a process of agreement-making between governments and First Nations and truth-telling about our history.
In 1967 we were counted, in 2017 we seek to be heard. We leave base camp and start our trek across this vast country. We invite you to walk with us in a movement of the Australian people for a better future."
Before the conference ended on Friday, Referendum Council representatives Ms Davis and Ms Anderson told reporters: "This is a long process. Quite a large working group has been chosen. [They] will continue to work on this process," they told the media this afternoon.
"When the Referendum Council finishes their work on the 30th June, we've got another team, a whole range of people who will go forward."
“The other thing that came up that will probably be done by the treaty commission is a [process of acknowledging] truth and justice. This is part of the healing of the nation and coming together and having a mature nation.
“There has to be proper truth telling, in the same way as in other countries in the world,” Ms Anderson said.
Ms Anderson said that having a voice in Parliament would mean people with cultural authority and integrity will be able to have their voices heard.
“We will have a say in decision making, at the moment we're locked out. We're powerless and voiceless in our own lands.”
"People want treaty. They don't want acknowledgement, they want treaty," she emphasized.
'We won't sell out our mob': Delegates walk out of Constitutional recognition forum in protest A breakaway group of delegates have walked out of the Referendum Council's Uluru talks, claiming it was a flawed process.
Professor Megan Davis also told reporters constitutional recognition wasn't a priority anymore.
At a press conference that preceded the official announcement of the Uluru statement during a closing ceremony in Mutitjulu Community, Referendum Council representatives said delegates had abandoned constitutional recognition in favour of agreement making and a voice in Parliament.
“Part of this process was to come to a decisive place in relation to model, and that's what we've done,” she said.
However, the council hasn't ruled out additional forms of symbolic acknowledgement of the 50 to 60 thousand-year history of First Australians and their rights.
NITV News understands delegates stayed up until 4am discussing the statement.
Delegates supporting the conference told NITV News they had felt very emotional and had “teared up” when the statement was read aloud in the conference room earlier on Friday.
At the start of the Referendum Council summit, there were 5 options up for discussion, which were narrowed down to two at the start of the second day of the talks: constitutional recognition and agreement making, which would mean having a voice in Parliament.
Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull made reference to the Uluru talks on Friday morning at a press conference.
He explained he was expecting to hear the conclusion of the meeting at Uluru, which would then be put forward to the full referendum council.
Exclusive: Shorten ‘hopes for consensus' at Uluru convention Opposition Leader sees road to treaties through constitutional recognition.
“[We'll] await their recommendation and then we'll respond in a respectful and responsible manner,” he said.
The historical three-day summit saw robust discussions and discord between delegates with opposing views.
On Thursday, a group of delegates walked out of the national First People's summit to discuss constitutional recognition stating, “we won't sell out our mob”.
At least seven delegates from Victoria and Dubbo, along with a large group of supporters, walked out from the Referendum Council's talks on constitutional recognition, claiming the process was fraught with danger.
Speaking to reporters minutes after walking out of the convention hall, Jenny Munro condemned the Referendum Council's efforts to support constitutional recognition.
"It's not a dialogue, it's a one-way conversation. Every time we try and raise an issue our voices are silenced," she said.
"They are not looking at any alternative options other than the Noel Pearson road map. And like Native Title, that will prove to be an abject failure."
On the complex regional chess board, Iran wants better relations with Moscow even as the Russians have extended their intelligence co-operation with Israel in Syria
Ali Larijani, Iran's parliamentary speaker, has long been an advocate of better relations with Russia and his recent interview with TASS, in which he spoke of Iran's “eastern orientation, first of all towards Russia…[as] the country's strategic choice”, is no surprise.
But Iran's relationships with all international powers are becoming more nuanced as the result of changes in the region. Last July's nuclear agreement with world powers, including the ‘Great Satan', has helped produce a diplomatic palate with many shades of grey. There are few steadfast allies or implacable enemies.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Iranian parliamentary speaker Ali Larijani gives an interview to Russian news agency TASS in Moscow on 20 April. Photograph: Alexander Shcherbak/TASS
For Iran, Russia is a strategic ally in supporting Syria's president Bashar al-Assad, and Russia is also a potential partner in shaping the global gas market as the two countries with the largest reserves. But there are still important differences between Moscow and Tehran.
Even though Russia is contracted to Iran over nuclear energy – the provider of Bushehr, Iran's only operating station, and in talks over eight more – it blocked neither Iran's referral to the UN security council in 2006 nor the subsequent sanctions.
In 2005 Larijani began his first of two years as secretary of the Supreme National Security Council pursuing a ‘tilt to Moscow' that he believed could stop both referral and UN sanctions.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Iranian Ambassador to Russia Mehdi Sanai seen ahead of a meeting of Russian State Duma Chairman Sergei Naryshkin with Ali Larijani. Photograph: Anna Isakova/TASS
In January 2006, as the prospect of referral to the security council loomed, Larijani told me in an interview in Tehran that Iran was exploring possibilities with Moscow for enriching uranium on Russian soil. Larijani was in typical good form, with the quick wit of a man who had studied Kant.
Expressing disdain for the western countries' request for a document supposedly from the network of rogue Pakistani scientist AQ Khan showing a weapons design, Larijani quipped: “If you can find anyone in the world who can make a bomb with one and a half pages, we will cover their whole body with gold.”
Larijani's sharpness didn't, however, make the ‘tilt to Moscow' successful. I was later told by a regime insider that Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the leader, felt badly let down by Larijani when Russia backed UN sanctions, and one can surmise this was a factor in his replacement in October 2007 by Saeid Jalili.
A decade later, the Geneva nuclear agreement has made possible closer ties between Iran and Russia, with Moscow now saying it will supply the S300 missile defence system it deemed blocked under UN sanctions. Russian companies are itching to win contracts in Iran.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Syrian President Bashar Assad, right, speaks with Iran's Deputy Foreign Minister Hossein Amir Abdollahian, left, in Damascus, Syria, in 2015. Photograph: Uncredited/AP
Tehran and Moscow are also on the same side in Syria backing president Assad, with Iranian advisors from the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and Russian air strikes and a more limited troop presence. But even in Syria, there are nuances – and one important difference between Iran and Russia is rooted in Moscow's close relationship with Israel, a state Tehran says it will never recognise.
When Russia began bombing groups in rebellion against Assad in September, there was a real danger of a flare-up with Israel, which has itself hit targets in Syria on the other side of the conflict, given its concerns over Assad's alliance with Hezbollah, the militant Lebanese group with whom it last went to war in 2006.
Yossi Alpher, a former Mossad analyst and operative, recently told me that “coordination” between Russia and Israel over Syria and been a success and represented “a major strategic development in the Middle East”.
“When the Russian air-force began setting up in the Alawite coast of Syria, the first foreign leader to go to Russia, who rushed to meet Putin, was Bibi” Netanyahu, Israeli prime minister, said Alpher. “[Netanyahu told them]: ‘Okay we'll have our armies coordinate. You're bombing, we occasionally bomb to interdict arms transfers to Hezbollah'.”
The biggest potential flashpoint between Russia and Israel has been in Russian planes flying over Israeli-held territory in the Golan – but both sides have been prepared to take the action necessary to prevent the kind of incident in which Turkey downed a Russian plane in November.
“We shot down Syrian planes that flew over the Golan, but not Russian planes,” said Alpher, adding that co-ordination had been done “very efficiently” given that reaction time in such incidents might be only seconds.
Alpher has a long standing interest in Iran's role on the wider regional chess board. His book Periphery, published last year, looked at a doctrine according to which Israel has long sought allies in the Middle East, including Iran before the 1979 Revolution: in it, he recalled his presence in a discussion in Mossad in 1979 over whether to kill Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini.
Alpher's compelling new book, No End of Conflict, focuses on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in an attempt to restore the centrality of an issue he feels is being neglected, and in it he looks at Israel's growing relations with the Arab states, including Saudi Arabia, that are born in part of a shared fear of Iran.
“We have never had the present degree of strategic cooperation with our Arab neighbours – with Egypt over Gaza and Sinai; with Jordan with regard to Syria and Iraq; with the Saudis with regard to Iran and Daesh [Islamic State group],” he told me. “They're not pressuring us on the Palestinian issue, which makes the issue less urgent.”
Unlike many of the Israeli right, Alpher is unhappy with this. He believes demographic change in the occupied West Bank is undermining the chance of a two-state solution with Israel remaining a democratic, Jewish state. “[As] we swallow up the West Bank and east Jerusalem, and do nothing about Gaza,” he told me, “we are pushing ourselves down this slippery slope towards becoming something that is no longer a Jewish, Zionist, democratic entity.”
Like Larijani, Alpher has his eye on Russia, and plans his next book on Israel's relationship with Moscow going back to the Soviet period.
His “former bosses” in Mossad have told him it will have to be a novel. “They said, ‘You wanna write about this? Only as fiction'.”
The Tehran Bureau is an independent media organisation, hosted by the Guardian. Contact us @tehranbureau
WASHINGTON, DC (CSN) Republican Sen. Ted Cruz vowed early Monday that he would seek to stop any legislation raising the nation's debt ceiling unless and until President Obama “in his role as the current, if illegitimate, head of the Union” presented the Junior Senator from Texas with papers “announcing the North's immediate and unconditional surrender to the Confederacy.” Such documentation, the Senator argued would simply acknowledge “at long last” that the South “clearly and decisively” won the Civil War. Senator Cruz's statement came at a time of already high tension in Washington as the nation entered its second week of a government shutdown forced by a committed cadre of House Republicans seeking to defund the Affordable Care Act.
Senator Cruz considers himself the spiritual father of the Tea Party lead shutdown and is unapologetic about the issue. Indeed, his only regret seems to be not going further, faster. “The truth is, we were aiming to low,” Cruz told Fox New's Sean Hannity in an interview after his press conference. “We're gonna win this thing… this shutdown thing… and we're gonna go on to win on the debt ceiling. So I say: aim high, win big. And for me that means finally getting all this nonsense about the War Between The States settled once and for all.”
White House Spokesman Jay Carney was visibly flustered this afternoon when informed of Senator Cruz's remarks during his regular press conference. “Let me say this one more time,” Carney said after a long moments pause, “the President has no intention of bargaining around the debt ceiling.”
“Furthermore, while I have not asked the President directly, I am fairly certain that this Administration has no intention of renegotiating General Lee's surrender at Appomattox at the present time.”
Although several moderate voices in the Republican party — including Senators Susan Collins of Maine and John McCain of Arizona — have spoken out against Senator Cruz's goals and strategy, John Boehner (R-Ohio) appears to be conflicted on the matter. Though originally expressing skepticism about the Texas Senator's position, the House Majority Leader seemed to “walk back” his stance after an hour-long meeting with members of the House Tea Party Caucus earlier this afternoon.
“Look,” Boehner stated to a gaggle of reporters upon leaving the meeting, “nobody wants to be here. You don't. I don't. I certainly don't want to risk the full faith and credit of the United States while arguing about who really won the Civil War. It's not an ideal time or an ideal topic in my opinion. However, after speaking with my members, they decided that this is the time to deal with this issue. We're just talking about people of good faith asking to sit down and talk. That's it.”
“I don't know where we go from here. But I'll tell you one thing I know: it is painfully obvious to everyone who is being unreasonable here. We're just asking for a conversation. It's the President who is saying that just talking about a possible surrender by the North is out of the question. Since when is being unwilling to negotiate the sane position? I think the good people of America know full well who is putting them at risk over silly goddamn games.”
This political satire article is shared as part of a collaboration with CitizenSchwartz.com. Check out more great satire at The Citizen!
