Quote Hey folks,
For the question at hand about why equipment was removed from various vendors, this is due primarily to stat changes. With the release of Fallen Empire, we essentially made that gear obsolete due to the new stat configurations and formulas. This meant the best option was to remove those items. Obviously, this raises the main concern of the support call which is the appearances of those armor sets.
The dev team informs us that virtually all of the core armor appearances previously on those vendors can still be located throughout the game. The majority of the old armor sets can be found via Crafting rewards, Missions, and Heroic Mission rewards. Now, there may be some variants of these core armor sets which are no longer available, but we'll adjust that over time and slowly re-add pieces. If there are specific armor sets that can no longer be found, send the information to the Community Team and we'll pass it along.
Taking a bite out of the people who can help with getting you back into the game, helping you restore missing items or characters, and addressing any billing issues, really isn't a good use of your time, or theirs. As a general note, if you guys have feedback or questions about design decisions or development philosophy, come to the forums and raise it here. Going to Customer Support is not the correct place for that (and we will ask CS agents to direct you appropriately).
Thank you all for your understanding and hope that clears up any confusion on the issue.
-eric Eric Musco | Community Manager
Follow us on Twitter @SWTOR | Like us on Facebook
[Contact Us] [Rules of Conduct] [F.A.Q.]
“Cultural issues and saffronisation” have resulted in a slow growth in India's economic sector instead of big bang reforms, according to a top US think-tank, which said the NDA government has not yet fulfilled the expectation of moving towards a new India.
The Washington-based Hudson Institute said though India has managed to combat inflation, it still has the potential to hit double-digit growth rates if it focuses on modernising infrastructure, improving basic amenities and reducing red-tapism.
In its recent report ‘Modi Two years On', the think-tank said in its two years, the Narendra Modi government has instituted significant reforms, with the most significant of them being passing of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) bill.
It said the bill, passed by the Rajya Sabha last month, will over time create a much-needed pan-Indian market.
“India's economy can grow at double-digit rates if it can repair and rebuild its British era rail, road and air transport and port infrastructure, improve accessibility to basic amenities like electricity and water and untangle the Gordian knot of its complicated bureaucratic rules and regulations,” it said yesterday.
The report at the same time said that two years of the NDA government has not yet fulfilled the expectation of moving expeditiously to create a new India.
“India needs to become an open, non-paternalistic society focused primarily on economic issues but over the last two years, cultural issues and saffronisation have resulted in slow incremental change instead of big bang reforms,” it said.
“India is currently the world's fastest growing economy and is expected to continue to grow at least at seven per cent per year for the next few years,” said Dr Aparna Pande, director of Hudson Institute's India initiative.
“India has managed to combat inflation and the fall in global oil prices has reduced its subsidy burden on account of petroleum products,” she said.
It has become easier to start a business in India under the NDA government though access to credit has become tougher and paying taxes has become less easy, the report said.
The one area where the Indian government has not resembled its predecessors is the “passion” with which Modi has taken to foreign policy, the report said.
He has visited 42 countries on six continents, including four trips to the US. He has travelled to countries where his predecessors have not travelled to in decades, including countries in the Middle East, Central Asia and Africa, it said.
The objective of these visits has been to boost economic relationships by seeking foreign investment or access to energy sources and markets for Indian products and to improve security relationships, the report added.
First Published: Sep 23, 2016 19:16 IST
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators are in the early stages of an antitrust probe into whether Google Inc, the top player in Web display advertising, breaks antitrust law in how it handles some advertising sales, a source told Reuters on Thursday.
The Google signage is seen at the company's headquarters in New York January 8, 2013. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
The source said that it was unlikely that the Federal Trade Commission had sent out civil investigative demands in relation to the probe, which would be the sign of a formal and more serious investigation.
The new line of inquiry focuses on tools acquired when Google bought display ad company DoubleClick in 2007; other firms which specialize in helping Web publishers sell ads to put on their websites are complaining to the FTC, the source said.
The firms have accused Google of leveraging some of its most popular DoubleClick products, such as the ad managing system which has an estimated 80 percent of the market, to push websites to use other products, including Ad Exchange where websites swap ads, the source said.
According to a second source familiar with the situation, Google has not been notified of any antitrust investigation so far. Google and the Federal Trade Commission declined comment on the matter.
The sources did not want to be named in order to protect their business relationships.
The FTC wrapped up an earlier investigation into Google just four months ago, concluding that the search giant had not manipulated its Web search results to hurt rivals.
Google was the number one player in the $15 billion U.S. display ad market in 2012, with a 15.1 percent market share, compared with Facebook Inc's 14.6 percent share, according to industry research firm eMarketer. Google is expected to widen its lead to 20.7 percent of the market in 2014.
Google is currently trying to convince European antitrust investigators to wrap up a separate antitrust probe, and has offered to change some search pages to give more space to rivals in order to satisfy their concerns.
In that case, Google is accused of hiding links to rival shopping, travel and other websites to protect its ad revenues. On April 11, it said it would offer consumers links to three rival sites in some searches and would label its products.
He will star in the CBS All Access series alongside 'Walking Dead' favorite Sonequa Martin-Green.
CBS All Access' Star Trek: Discovery has added a captain to its ranks.
Jason Isaacs has joined the cast of the twice-delayed Star Trek drama for CBS' digital platform, The Hollywood Reporter has learned.
The series features the franchise's Enterprise, now known as the U.S.S. Discovery, and introduces new characters seeking new worlds and civilizations while exploring the dramatic contemporary themes that have been a signature of the franchise since its inception in 1966.
Isaacs (USA Network's Dig, NBC's Awake) will star as Captain Lorca, the captain of the Starship Discovery. He joins a growing cast of series regulars that includes The Walking Dead's Sonequa Martin-Green as Rainsford, a lieutenant commander; Doug Jones as science officer Saru; Anthony Rapp as fellow science officer Stamets; James Frain as Sarek, a Vulcan astrophysicist and Spock's father; Terry Serpico as Starfleet admiral Anderson; Maulik Pancholy as chief medical officer Nambue; and Sam Vartholomeos as junior Starfleet officer Connor. Set to recur are Michelle Yeoh as Georgiu, captain of another ship called the Shenzhou; Shazad Latif as Kol, the Klingon commanding officer; Chris Obi as Klingon leader T'Kuvma; and Mary Chieffo as L'Rell, a Klingon commander.
The 13-episode Star Trek: Discovery has already had a troubled road to the screen. Originally set to debut in January, it was delayed to May before being pushed back a second time. CBS Corp. CEO Leslie Moonves noted recently that the series is now likely going to debut in the late summer or fall. On top of the delays, original showrunner Bryan Fuller exited the series in October, with his longtime collaborators Gretchen Berg and Aaron Harberts poised to take over.
Additional executive producers on Star Trek: Discovery, produced by CBS Television Studios, include Alex Kurtzman and his Secret Hideout topper Heather Kadin, Fuller via his Living Dead Guy Productions, Roddenberry Entertainment's Rod Roddenberry, Akiva Goldsman and Trevor Roth.
Isaacs, a popular name among broadcast and cable networks every pilot season, counts Netflix's The OA and the Harry Potter franchise as well as Hotel Mumbai and Death of a Stain among his credits. He is repped by Gersh, Silver Lining and Jackoway Tyerman.
Last weekend, Brooklyn Beatdown 2 in New York brought together the world's greatest Street Fighter V players. And with so many players hanging around, it was a good opportunity to pick at their brains. This time, we stuck with one question:
Who is the best Street Fighter V player right now and how do you plan on beating them?
"I think the best player right now is still Punk, even though Tokido won Evo. He beat me, so, I'm out. I just gotta work on my secondary characters. I don't think my Birdie is that strong yet, so I just gotta work on that. Just gotta practice with the right Karin, get the matchup knowledge." -- Team Liquid's Du "NuckleDu" Dang
"The best Street Fighter player in my opinion is Punk. I think the way I should be able to beat him is that, since we play a lot, I know a little bit of his tendencies, and I hope to take advantage of that. Some of his tendencies -- he plays the game too much -- for example, he'll always take grabs, so you want grab more instead of frame trap more against him." -- Echo Fox's Justin "JWong" Wong
"Me or Tokido are the best right now. I plan on beating him, but can't give up the strategy yet." -- Panda Global's Victor "Punk" Woodley
"I believe Punk is the best Street Fighter player right now. If I have to play him, I'm going to hope that he picks Karin and I'm gonna play Abigail. Karin struggles very hard against grapplers, and Abigail is, you know, one of the best grapplers in the game. Lot of health, a lot of changes to make mistakes, big damage, and big comeback factor." -- Flipsid3 Tactics' Antwan "Alucard" Ortiz
"The best player right now is definitely Punk, I believe. We already played at ECTD and I was smokin' him, and then he made a comeback. So, I'm pretty sure I'll beat him the next time we play. I'm gonna beat him with his own character, of course. People don't understand that Karin is super cheap, that's why I picked her on him, and he picked Cammy, and I didn't know how to deal with that, but now I got the strategies. I'm just gonna pick Karin and I'm gonna make sure I win for sure." -- Evil Geniuses' Kenneth "KBrad" Bradley
"The current best Street Fighter player is Punk. The way I plan on beating him is I gotta keep studying the matchup 'cause he's one of the hardest players to beat. And with Punk, I feel like, the more I play the closer it becomes every time. He usually comes out on top, but the last time I played him, I beat his Karin, and then he had to switch to another character, and I like that." -- Rise Nation's Bryant "Smug" Huggins
"Best player in Street Fighter -- I think that's a difficult question. I mean honestly I'm not 100 percent sure how to answer that because there are a lot of different variables that go into it. You know, in America you have Punk, you have [NuckleDu] -- they are both very strong. But then you have players like iDom, that basically tear people up, but don't travel. So they're not really tested through the fire. And then, in Asia you have people like Xiao Hai, who have been very traditionally dominant, Infiltration, Tokido obviously puts 110 percent in. Nemo, as well. I think it's difficult really to take a gauge on who is the number one person. But you just kind of have to hope that you're lucky on that day -- that's really what it is. You can have all the planning in the world, just on that day it doesn't turn out. But you could also have no plan and [get] hooked up by circumstance. So I think the best way to go into it is got good rest, have decent nutrition, have the right mindset, and just hope for the best." -- Team Grapht's Leah "Gllty" Hayes
"I think that the strongest player is probably what everybody else is thinking, and that it's Punk. In the tournaments, Punk's performances are always on another level. However, if I were to meet him in tournament, I have been practicing against Karin." -- Cygames Beast's Daigo "Daigo" Umehara
"That's a really hard question. It's either Tokido or Punk. One of them. I can't give you a clear one. If I'm going to beat both of them? How I'll beat them, I'll just command grab 'em and they'll die." -- Team BX3's Arman "Phenom" Hanjani
Samsung Pay works kind of like bank card chips: slide a phone over a reader synced up to the service and it broadcasts a "token" number inspired by but not exactly like that of the linked financial account. Unlike a magnetic strip on the back of your typical bank plastic, which delivers exactly the sixteen digits on the front and therefore can be reused infinitely, these "tokenized" systems are only created for that single transaction.
Of course, the account and "token" numbers have to be linked somehow, or systems wouldn't know where to charge purchases. That's where the algorithm comes in, a formula that generates new temporary numbers that is, users trust, too complex for hackers to crack. In his paper, Black Hat researcher Salvador Mendoza lays out how he believes this system works, including how the one-time "tokens" are generated, and lays out three scenarios for hackers to break into that algorithm: use a magnetic card spoofer to generate tokens, jam a transaction to force another temporary code to be generated while the hacker uses the first and use a social engineering tool to capture tokens and transmit them by email.
Naturally, Samsung denies that its algorithm works how Mendoza described it. Its security blog post points to a technology FAQ illustrating how its system protects against hackers: first, with its Knox software-and-hardware identity verification, and second, with TrustZone processor architecture built specifically to run sensitive processes separately from typical ones.
The FAQ doesn't say that some of these methods, like jamming the signal and "skimming" unused tokens, is impossible, just extremely unlikely. To work, it would have to meet several requirements: the hacker would have to be physically near the purchase and jam the user before approving it. Even then, the Samsung Pay user would be alerted when the scammer used the token. This is a known issue, the FAQ notes, but given that every purchase runs through both the tech giant's and the bank's fraud analysis algorithm, they deemed it extremely unlikely and therefore acceptable.
Update: Samsung has issued a statement, included below:
President Trump during a meeting at The White House in Washington on Feb. 8. (Chris Kleponis/Pool via Bloomberg)
With all of the other news swirling around regarding the Trump presidency — the Gorsuch nomination, the confirmation hearings for Cabinet officers, the continuing controversy over the immigration executive order and Trump's “demoralizing” and “disheartening” attacks on the federal judiciary in connection with the order — it is tempting to relegate the question of Trump's unresolved conflicts of interest to the back burner. But they're still deeply troubling, and at least until they are resolved satisfactorily I will continue to keep an eye on them from time to time.
This week brought the following news:
An executive agency under Trump's control (the Department of Defense) announced that it is considering renting space in New York's Trump Tower — owned, of course, by the president himself. The need for Defense presence in New York, where Trump will be spending considerable amounts of time, is uncontroversial — but does it really need to locate in a luxury high-rise whose rents are astronomically high and whose rental payments go into the president's pocket? (The largest office tenant in Trump Tower, incidentally, is China's state-controlled Industrial & Commercial Bank of China, which raises serious questions about whether Trump is receiving “emoluments” from a foreign state in violation of the Constitution's foreign emoluments clause.)
The General Services Administration — another executive agency under Trump's control — continues its silence about Trump's apparent breach of the terms of its lease agreement for the Old Post Office (now a Trump International Hotel), which provides that “No member or delegate to Congress, or elected official of the Government of the United States or the Government of the District of Columbia, shall be admitted to any share or part of this Lease, or to any benefit that may arise therefrom.”
While the business interests of members of Trump's family should not necessarily be imputed to him, Melania Trump's recent court filings, in her defamation lawsuit against the Daily Mail, reveal the extent to which the Trumps view the presidency as a major opportunity for brand enhancement and personal profit.
The background: In the fall, Melania Trump filed suit in Maryland against a Maryland blogger (Webster Tarpley) and the Daily Mail in connection with their publication of a story that she had once worked as a paid “escort” in the “sex business.” On Feb. 1, the Maryland court dismissed the suit against the Daily Mail (correctly, I believe) on the grounds that the court had no personal jurisdiction over it in connection with publication of the story.
Trump then re-filed her suit in New York. In her original complaint, she had written:
Plaintiff is involved in many business ventures involving the licensing of her name and likeness, and relying upon her valuable reputation, and the defamatory publication foreseeably caused substantial damage to her business, career, reputation and her actual and prospective economic relationships. As a result of the conduct of Daily Mail, Plaintiff has been damaged in an amount to be proven at trial.
But now, in light of her husband's victory in the election, her complaint reads:
As a result of Defendant's publication of defamatory statements about Plaintiff, Plaintiff's brand has lost significant value, and major business opportunities that were otherwise available to her have been lost and/or substantially impacted. The economic damage to Plaintiff's brand, and licensing, marketing and endorsement opportunities caused by the publication of Mail Online's defamatory article, is multiple millions of dollars. Plaintiff had the unique, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, as an extremely famous and well-known person, as well as a former professional model and brand spokesperson, and successful businesswoman, to launch a broad-based commercial brand in multiple product categories, each of which could have garnered mutli-million dollar business relationships for a multi-year term during which Plaintiff is one of the most photographed women in the world. These product categories would have included, among other things, apparel, accessories, shoes, jewelry, cosmetics, hair care, skin care and fragrance.
(Bolding added for emphasis.) Ah, yes — being the president's wife is a “unique, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity” to cash in, during his “multi-year term,” to make a pile of dough selling apparel, accessories, etc.
And finally, there is Trump's truly outrageous Twitter attack on Nordstrom, which had the gall to discontinue sales of Ivanka Trump's name-branded line of clothing and shoes. Putting aside the inappropriateness, at a time when America is supposedly facing “carnage,” for the president of the United States to be focused on apparel sales by a member of his family, an attack on a private business so as to bully them into putting more money into the Trump family coffers is truly disgraceful.
And, as reported by David Graham in the Atlantic, “the onslaught of criticism against Nordstrom didn't end with the protective father's Twitter barrage. ‘This is a direct attack on his policies and her name,' White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said on Wednesday. Then on Thursday morning, presidential aide Kellyanne Conway appeared on Fox and Friends. ‘Go buy Ivanka's stuff is what I would tell you. I hate shopping, I'm going to go get some myself today,' she said.” Federal law prohibits a government employee from using “his public office for his own private gain or for that of persons or organizations with which he is associated personally. An employee's position or title should not be used to coerce; to endorse any product, service or enterprise; or to give the appearance of governmental sanction.” Although it is not applicable, by its terms, to the president, it is applicable to his aides, and this would appear to constitute a clear violation.
It's a small thing, I suppose — but it is sordid, and on top of everything else* it's beginning to destroy whatever faith one might have had that Trump would be willing to forgo his business interests while serving as a public official.
For those of you interested in some background reading to prepare for the coming impeachment battles over Trump's use of public office for private gain, I recommend this Impeachment FAQ by Free Speech For People, along with this primer on the ways in which Trump is possibly already violating the foreign emoluments clause of the Constitution.
*Here, courtesy of the Atlantic again, is a compressed list of some of the worst ethical violations we've already seen from this administration:
Tyler Raj Barriss, of Glendale, is shown in a mugshot when he was arrested in October 2015 for making a false bomb threat to KABC-TV.
Authorities arrested a man in South Los Angeles in connection to a swatting incident that led to a Kansas man's death.Tyler Barriss, 25, was arrested Friday on suspicion of making a hoax phone call to police in Wichita, Kansas Authorities in Wichita said someone made a prank call to 911 with a made-up story about a shooting and kidnapping. That call resulted in the death of an innocent man relatives identified as Andrew Finch, 28.The hoax phone call was a case of swatting, authorities said, in which a person creates a false story to get a SWAT response to an address.Authorities released the 911 recording in which a man said he'd shot his father in the head. The caller also said he was holding his mother and a sibling at gunpoint and threatened to light the house on fire.When police headed to the home, they surrounded it and prepared to deal with a hostage situation. Finch answered the door and followed instructions to put up his hands and move slowly. But at some point, authorities said he moved toward his waistband and officers fired a single shot in fear Finch may have reached for a gun.Authorities said Finch died at the hospital and that he was unarmed.The police and FBI were investigating whether the hoax call stemmed from an argument over an online game.In October 2015, Glendale police arrested a 22-year-old man with the same name for making bomb threats to KABC-TV . He was charged with two felony counts of a false report of a bomb to an agency of business and one felony count of criminal threats.
Photo of Tim Lambesis performing with As I Lay Dying in 2010 by Daniel Garcia
Rock Feed is reporting that Tim Lambesis is planning a comeback with As I Lay Dying. It would appear in name only, as it would feature all new members except for, obviously, Lambesis; the rest of the ex-AILD members now make up Wovenwar with Oh, Sleeper vocalist Shane Blay. The former (now current?) vocalist for AILD and founder of Austrian Death Machine was quietly released from prison in December 2016 following a six-year sentence handed down in 2014. He was charged with the attempted murder of his spouse, pleading guilty to paying $1,000 to a San Diego police officer posing as a hit man to commit the act.
From Rock Feed:
“We've learned from a source familiar with the situation that Tim Lambesis is plotting a comeback with a return to As I Lay Dying… We're told that the previous members of the band will not be involved in the proposed As I Lay Dying revival, and instead, new members will be in place at the time of a return. The identities of those members are not known, but we're told that the band has new material in the works.”
His release was confirmed by Dokken guitarist George Lynch when he spoke with Eddie Trunk on his Trunk Nation Sirius XM Show from the Monsters of Rock Cruise. Lynch also had some very interesting words to say about Lambesis and what he faces now that he's out. (The following quote is transcribed from the YouTube video below.)
A man was removed from a brothel after suffering a suspected heart attack — while covered in cling film.
The embarrassing incident happened at an apartment complex in Letterkenny, Co Donegal.
The man, who is in his mid 50s, had called to a brothel to use the services of local prostitutes.
However, while engaged in a sex act the man began to complain of chest pains.
The prostitute was so concerned for the man's wellbeing that she phoned the emergency services.
Advertisement
An ambulance attended the scene at an apartment complex at the town's Lower Main Street.
The man, who is understood to have a history of heart trouble, was rushed to Letterkenny University Hospital for treatment.
A source said: “For whatever reason the man was wrapped in cling film and began to suffer chest pains.
“In fairness to the woman, she called the ambulance very quickly and the man was taken to hospital and received treatment.
“I think it's fair to say they weren't using the cling film for cookery lessons.”
In recent weeks local gardai have raided a number of brothels in the Letterkenny area in a bid to clamp down on the vice trade in the town.
In one raid, a 75-year-old pensioner was questioned by gardai after being found in an apartment being rented for use a brothel.
Advertisement
In a separate raid recently, gardai raided another premises and found €18,000 in Western Union receipts sent to Romania — the profits from prostitution over a two week period over Christmas.
You never know what you're going to see on the streets of New York City. But one thing you might see is Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Season 3, which can currently be seen filming throughout NYC. And because we know the show so well, we know that we can expect some serious hilarity.
But we were NOT prepared for the image of Tituss Burgess casually walking a real peacock on a leash. Of course, we know it's part of the show, but the image still makes us totally LOL. We can only imagine what that was like with such an unusual animal cruising through the city streets.
Looking impeccably fashionable as always, Tituss Burgess strolls through New York City with his peacock like it's NBD.
Steve Sands / Getty
OMG look at that beautiful bird. This was clearly part of filming for Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt because he was photographed with other cast and crew members on the same day. But the star of the show was definitely this peacock.
We obviously don't know anything about the stories that Season 3 of Kimmy Schmidt will tell, but this image makes us SO excited. Of course, we believe that Titus Andromedon on the show would adopt a pet peacock. In fact, now that the idea is in our minds, we can't imagine a more perfect Titus pet.
Steve Sands / Getty
Even in these photos, Tituss embodies the spirit of the peacock. He struts so majestically, showing off his fabulous “feathers,” which in this case come in the form of a stunningly detailed jacket.
Seriously, doesn't this belong in Tituss' Vogue spread?
Steve Sands / Getty
Or maybe the cover for his album, “Pinot Noir.”
Since we already got some Lemonade-inspired Tituss from the Season 3 trailer, we know there will be plenty of crazy hilarity for Tituss in the future.
And since we never know what Tituss might do or say, we can't wait to see what exactly the peacock means in Season 3. But one thing's for sure, we know it'll be fabulous.
Season 3 of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt premieres May 19th on Netflix. We can't wait!
WhatsApp co-founder Jan Koum took time off from his hectic schedule at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, on what was his 38th birthday, to talk to ET about the $19 billion deal with Facebook and what advice he would give entrepreneurs. Edited excerpts:I was interviewed for Facebook but nothing really worked out.I got an iPhone and I started to experiment trying to build an application for an iPhone. First, we focused on using your address book. Everybody else was using user names or pin codes, like BBM... Skype you had to get an approval... these were all complicated processes. We just wanted to simplify it. If you have somebody's phone number in your address book, you are on.We were the first guys to do it, we were actually the first mover. Everybody else came in and tried to copy us, but they weren't successful. We were global from day one. We focused on translations, we added Italian, German, Spanish, Russian, into the applications from day one because we understood that it's the power of communication, that people want to communicate with people in other countries.We hired really smart people, our first set of engineers was extremely talented and allowed us to build a foundation that enabled us to build everything on top of it.Today, it's a simple one - we are free for the first year of subscription and then it's a dollar a year. There are no plans to do anything else. We are pretty happy with this. For voice, we haven't finalized it internally yet but we might do something different in terms of implementation but fundamentally it will be very similar.We are going to make sure voice works just as well. I understand that there are bandwidth constraints, network constraints, but we will take the same approach to voice that we took to (messaging) five years ago, which is focus on quality, simplicity, performance so that it's the world standard for voice just as messaging it's the world standard.The important thing to talk about here is not the price. Mark asked me to be on the board of Facebook and I'm extremely flattered. We talked about this as a partnership and not as an acquisition. WhatsApp will continue to remain independent. There are no changes planned to the product. Nothing really changes from the user point of view. And, so when we were talking about this deal, we were not as interested in terms of the numbers but as a partnership between two great companies who share the same vision.Should be none. We are still an independent company and we will continue to be an independent company even after the deal closes. But we do plan to grow, absolutely. We are going to have to hire more people to support more users and build new things like voice.I only have one idea, that is WhatsApp, and I am going to continue to focus on that. I have no plans to build any other ideas. The day the deal closes, it's going to be like any other day when we will go back to work.It's rewarding but again I don't spend any time thinking about it. A lot of my time, effort and focus is spent on WhatsApp. And that to me is more valuable and rewarding than to work on anything else.None. Still the same. We still have a lot of work to do. We still have a lot of people who will get onto smartphones, we still have a lot of bugs to fix and improvements to make. Our mission is still not done.We have always had people copy us. It's not shocking, if anything it's flattering. But what's important for us is to continue to get our product right. I spend more time worrying about ourselves, that we're doing the right thing.Probably not to this level. The size of this deal shows how important communication is in today's world. Communication is at the very core of our society. That's what makes us human.It's a very critical market for us. Ironically, I grew up watching Indian movies as a kid in Russia. I am quite familiar with Bollywood. I grew up watching Disco Dancer, I watched it some 20 times as a kid. India is important from a personal level too.We want all smartphone users (in India) to be on WhatsApp. Then if that number is a billion, then it's a billion. Currently, over 40 million. So we still have some ways to go before we hit a billion.Hopefully soon. Are you inviting me? I wanted to for a long time. My schedule is a little busy but hopefully this year.Focus is an important part of it. A lot of times people start out with a lot of good ideas, but then they don't execute. They lose the purity of their vision. You end up running around in circles.Hiring smart people, smart engineers. Focus on users right from day one.We haven't decided yet. We will think about it when we come back.I have work to do. I get on a plane and I go back and have to go back to the office and work.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MO (KTVI) - A 3-year-old boy was shot and killed in his north St. Louis County home Monday morning. St. Louis County Police were looking for a teenager in connection with the tragedy. The 15-year-old turned himself in to police late Monday afternoon after a four hour search.
St. Louis County Police received a call about a shooting around 11:45am Monday. When they arrived at a house in the 1600 block of Emerald Creek Drive, they found that Xzavier 'Zae' Robinson, 3, had been shot. The toddler was rushed to St. Louis Children's Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Investigators say there were several witnesses in the house at the time of the shooting. The child's father, Shawmane Robinson, did not want to talk on camera, but says he was asleep when his son was shot, allegedly by a 15-year-old boy who is family friend. Robinson says he did not hear any gunfire, and didn't know what happened, until relatives came into his bedroom and told him his son had been shot.
"The three-year-old boy was shot at least once, it appears in the abdomen. He was declared from the gunshot wound." said Officer Sean McGuire. "It's tragic no matter when a life is taken, but to be three years old with Christmas this week. A lot of detectives, a lot of police officers, a lot of people in this neighborhood all have kids. So our biggest thing is trying to get this person into custody as soon as possible."
Police have not recovered the weapon used to kill the toddler. A family member says he doesn't believe the teen meant to shoot the child and believes it was a tragic accident.
St. Louis County Police investigating shooting on Emerald Court. pic.twitter.com/D6unmedtMD — Shirley Washington (@SWashingtonTV) December 21, 2015
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
Hollywood, you really blew it. Real-life Dragon Ball Z fights can be incredibly cool.
Dubbed Dragon Ball Z: Light of Hope, this fan-created webseries is based on DBZ's Trunks' backstory. The pilot starts slow, and yes, some of the acting is dodgy, but stick with it. Light of Hope gets good.
The big set piece fight turned out really well, and the whole thing is done with so much gusto and heart. Can't wait until the series starts to hit its stride.
In case you need a reminder of how terrible Hollywood's Dragon Ball Evolution was, watch this.
A nice illustration of the limits of congressional power. Congress passed the National Defense Authorization Act of 2014, which provided that if the president wants to transfer Guantanamo detainees to foreign countries, he must give Congress 30 days notice, so that it can raise a stink. The president refused to do so before the prisoner exchange since the negotiations took place in secret, and he could not afford the risk that even if he could inform Congress secretly, a leak would occur.
The transfer may have violated the substantive provisions of the statute as well. The statute provides that a detainee can be transferred only if he is no longer a threat to U.S. national security or the transfer is pursuant to a court order. But there was no such court order, and the five Taliban members who were transferred appear to be dangerous people. So much for the statute.
As Marty Lederman notes, the president paved the way with a signing statement that said that the law conflicts with “separation of powers principles.” A nice echo of the Bush administration, and a reminder that the imperial presidency is bipartisan.
As demonstrated by Tuesday's meeting with Republican leadership, Gov. Tom Wolf plans to play an active role in how his proposed budget moves through the Legislature.
"The governor told Republican leaders he wants to be personally involved," said spokesman Jeff Sheridan. "He doesn't want to wait for a budget to come to him."
In the wake of Tuesday's meetings, House and Senate Republicans are organizing work groups that will analyze the larger components of the budget, such as pensions and taxes. Reed said they could begin meeting as soon as Thursday.
But it's unlikely the final budget will bear much resemblance to the one Wolf proposed on March 3 despite his frequent calls for it to be viewed holistically.
"I do not think there are any Republican votes for the governor's budget as a whole," said House Majority Leader Dave Reed on Wednesday.
LISTEN: Gov. Tom Wolf talks budget priorities with PennLive's Keystone Q&A. You can listen to the podcast on iTunes or stream it at the bottom of this article or on SoundCloud.
Sheridan said it's important to recognize that the process has just begun.
"(Wolf's) ready to work with them, but he's not willing to compromise on his principles or his priorities," he said.
Elements such as increased education spending will remain key components of the budget, Sheridan said.
"How you arrive at those ends . . . that's where (Republicans) may have their own ideas," he said. "That's what he's looking forward to talking about."
Deft to Meiko: “I've always felt very grateful towards you, I hope we can both do our best in the future.”
Note: This is the last interview that Deft and Pawn will give as part of the EDG line-up, so many questions are referencing their departure from the LPL.
After Demacia Cup: A New Beginning for Deft and EDG
Q: Deft, you'll no longer be ADC for EDG next season. If you ever meet Meiko in a match in the future, will you go easy on him?
Deft: Honestly, I really don't want to play against him, but there will be a day when this happens. Meiko and I are people who put in 100% of our efforts into the game, so I wouldn't think too much about it.
Q: Do you have anything to say to Meiko?
Deft: I've always felt very grateful towards you, I hope we can both do our best in the future.
Q: After Deft and Pawn return to Korea next season, what changes will EDG implement?
Coach Aaron: Two things: new signings and nurture of player talents. In the mid lane, Scout has been doing very well, really solid. In the ADC position, there are quite a few people that we can choose from and help bring out their skills. Let's wait until the pre-season and see.
Q: Looking at your games today, you seem to be in good form, Koro. After watching from the sidelines for so long, do you have anything you want to say? Do you have any goals for season 7?
Koro1: I want to say…. I wasn't in good form previously. Right now, I'm slowly recovering from that. We will improve one step at a time. Regarding goals for season 7, it's too early to comment on that.
Q: What are your plans for the future? Do you know what Pawn will be doing?
Deft: We both don't have any concrete plans yet, but it's very likely that we'll play in the LCK.
Q: Meiko, you've been awarded “The Best Bot-lane Duo” with Deft. What do you think about that? Were you satisfied with your plays in the match today?
Meiko: Firstly, I'm very honored to have received this award. I feel as though we have improved a lot, but it wasn't perfect.
Q: Any expectations for the coming spring split?
Meiko: We'll try to adapt to the patch changes and play better than we did this year.
Q: After this Demacia Cup tournament, do you have anything to say to Deft or Pawn?
Koro1: I hope they can get good results in the future. Playing with both Deft and Pawn this year has become a memory that I will really cherish.
Q: EDG has won many Demacia Cup tournaments. Is there a secret to maintaining a high-calibre team for many years?
Coach Aaron: Our boss has really put a lot of effort and emphasis onto this team. No matter if new or veteran players join the team, they play as if they are one unit. To be honest, their styles complement each other very well and the players are really close to each other. Also, the coaches improve every year. So it's a process where we work together really well until we get results.
Q: Deft, what was initially your aim when you came to China? What are going through your thoughts now that you're returning to Korea? Is there anyone you'll miss?
Deft: I first came to China as a result of talking to coach Aaron and Clearlove about positions. I thought that we had similar goals, so I put my trust in them. After playing in China for two years, I don't know how much longer I can play at a high level and I think that I have more chances to win on a Korean team. I will miss the EDG players after returning to Korea, especially Clearlove and Meiko.
Q: Deft will leave soon. Meiko, do you have anyone in mind to replace the ADC position?
Meiko: I haven't really thought about it….. so not yet.
(t/n: I've left out some questions about the actual match vs IMAY, but I don't think anyone is actually interested in those..)
Meiko+Deft photo dump:
(Previous Interview)
(bonus pawn)
EXTRA: Here's another Deft interview I translated after 2015 Worlds. It'll put in perspective how Deft is/was thinking at the time.
Twenty-two years ago, when I joined the staff of Fortune, one of the first things I had to do was liquidate most of my portfolio. The magazine allowed its journalists to own stocks, but not in companies they might write about. As I was a generalist who could conceivably write about any big company, I had to shed all my big-cap stocks.
A similar set of rules applied a decade later, when I became a business columnist at The New York Times. And Bloomberg has long-standing trading restrictions; among other things, journalists (and other employees) can't sell stock at a profit within 30 days of the purchase or trade securities "while in possession of material non-public information."
All business journalists hold proprietary information, of course: it is the knowledge that they are going to write about a particular company. A tough-minded investigative story can push the company's stock down, at least in the short term; a glowing story might drive stock up.
These trading restrictions, which exist at every reputable news organization that covers business, are intended to avoid not only conflicts of interest but the appearance of conflicts. If I were to buy a mid-cap stock, write a positive article about the company two days later and sell the stock when it bumped up, I would be doing something that could be legitimately described as insider trading. (Whether a prosecutor would try to make such a case is difficult to know, given the uncertain state of the law.) Even in a more benign situation — when I wrote about a company that was a long-term holding in my portfolio, and didn't sell it afterward — I have still given readers a reason to question my motives.
Soon after Rep. Tom Price, R-Ga., was nominated to be President Donald Trump's Secretary of Health and Human Services, stories began to emerge about some suspicious stock trades he had made. Price, a former orthopedist who sits on an important health subcommittee, last March bought shares worth $1,000 to $15,000 in Zimmer Biomet, which makes orthopedic implants. Days later he filed legislation to delay a regulation that would have affected the company's profits. (The company's political action committee eventually contributed to Price's reelection campaign.)
In another case, Price bought $15,000 to $50,000 worth of Innate Immunotherapeutics, an Australian penny stock whose biggest shareholder is a fellow congressman, Rep. Christopher Collins, R-N.Y. Price acknowledges that he bought the stock last summer after being told about it by Collins.
Price and his defenders have put up a stout defense. The transition team issued a statement last week saying that Price had been "transparent" and had "complied with all applicable laws and ethics."
Well, maybe. But the more I looked into it, the more I wound up thinking that his situation wasn't all that different from that of business journalists. Take Zimmer Biomet.
Price says that the fact that he filed the legislation so soon after buying the stock was pure coincidence. I suspect that's true. Last March, he says, his broker, who has discretion over his account, decided to rebalance his portfolio; Zimmer Biomet, a $22 billion market cap company, was added to Price's stock holdings.
Sure enough, if you look at Price's 2016 financial disclosure form, you'll see that March 17 was the one day he bought and sold stocks, 75 in all. Clearly, some kind of rebalancing was going on.
But what also pops out is how many of those companies are in the health-care arena: Pfizer, Athena Health, Gilead Science, Eli Lilly and so on. Did the broker overweight Price's portfolio with health care stocks without his client's knowledge? That's a lot harder to believe. And Price — or his broker — traded those stocks: according to the Wall Street Journal, Price bought and sold $300,000 worth of shares in health-care companies over the past four years.
At the same time, Price was an aggressive promoter of medical companies and doctors. That same Journal story noted that while he was trading health care stocks, he was also pursuing legislation that would affect them. The Daily Beast obtained documents from Medicare showing that Price "has repeatedly stepped up in favor of drug firms, device manufacturers and high physician payments." ProPublica documented a case last summer in which Price pushed a federal agency to take down a negative study of a drug owned by a Georgia company. Et cetera.
Are these all "coincidences"? Even if the answer is yes, the fact that Price has been so cavalier about owning health-care stocks while taking action that can move these stocks makes it nearly impossible to accept his claims of innocence at face value. Just as journalists have a conflict when writing about a stock they own, Price has a conflict when he introduces legislation that can affect a stock he owns. Except that his conflict is much greater because his power to influence the stock price is much greater.
Although a 2012 law stripped Congress members of their immunity from insider trading laws, it's still unlikely that Price could ever be charged with a crime. The fact that his broker has discretion over his account gives him plenty of deniability. But his ethics are another matter. The House Ethics Manual says that actions by a member of Congress that "might affect his or her personal financial interests require added circumspection." Circumspection is exactly what's lacking in Price's attitude towards owning health care stocks.
Price says he will sell over 40 stocks if he becomes the HHS secretary, including Pfizer, Athena Health and, yes, Zimmer Biomet. He promises that he will not "participate personally and substantially in any particular matter in which I know that I have a financial interest." Suddenly, it seems, he has awoken to the conflict those stocks pose. Better late than never, I suppose.
Bloomberg View
Joe Nocera is a Bloomberg View columnist. He has written business columns for Esquire, GQ and the New York Times, and is the former editorial director of Fortune. He is the co-author of "Indentured: The Inside Story of the Rebellion Against the NCAA."
Small teams of US special forces soldiers have been secretly embedded with Pakistani military forces in the tribal belt, helping to hunt down Taliban and al-Qaida fighters and co-ordinate drone strikes, the embassy cables reveal.
The numbers involved are small – just 16 soldiers in October 2009 – but the deployment is of immense political significance, described in a cable that provides an unprecedented glimpse into covert American operations in the world's most violent al-Qaida hotbed.
The first special forces team of four soldiers was deployed to an old British colonial fort in the northern half of the tribal belt in September 2009, helping Frontier Corps paramilitaries to carry out artillery strikes on a militant base.
A month later, two more teams of six soldiers each were deployed to Pakistani army bases in North and South Waziristan, a lawless warren of mountains considered to be the global headquarters of al-Qaida.
Their job was to provide "intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance" support – ISR in military jargon – "general operational advice" and to help set up a live satellite feed from American drones flying overhead, presumably CIA-operated Predator and Reaper aircraft.
American officials, who had long been pushing for such a deployment in the face of "adamant" Pakistani opposition, were jubilant, viewing it as a sign of growing trust in an often troubled relationship.
"The developments of the past two months thus appear to represent a sea change in [the military's] thinking," read the cable.
American special forces had been deployed in Pakistan since 2008 but were limited to a training role, it noted. Permission for the active combat deployment "almost certainly" came with the personal consent of the army chief, General Ashfaq Kayani.
"Patient relationship-building with the military is the key factor that has brought us to this point. The Pakistanis are increasingly confident that we do not have ulterior motives in assisting their operations."
The participation of American soldiers in combat operations in the tribal campaign has never been publicly acknowledged due to its extreme political sensitivity in a country seething with anti-US sentiment.
Only a year earlier, Pakistan generals issued thinly veiled threats against the US after President George Bush authorised a crossborder special forces raid on a militant hide-out in Waziristan that provoked a wave of outrage across Pakistan.
The deployment of special forces soldiers to the tribal belt in 2009 coincided with a dramatic surge in drone strikes in the same areas. On 8 December, the al-Qaida leader Saleh al-Somali was killed in a missile strike close to Miram Shah in North Waziristan.
Between 400 and 700 people died in drone strikes in 2009, according to a count by the New America institute. The proportion of civilian deaths remains a point of contention with critics who claim the strikes are stoking militancy, not ending it.
Pakistan's army is not the only arm of government quietly acquiescing with the programme, however. While government officials have slammed many strikes as a breach of sovereignty, the cables portray them quietly supporting the programme.
In August 2008, the interior adviser Rehman Malik advised the US to "hold off alleged Predator attacks until after the Bajaur operation", according to one cable.
The prime minister, Yousaf Raza Gilani, was more categorical. At the same meeting he said: "I don't care if they do it as long as they get the right people. We'll protest in the National Assembly and then ignore it."
Bureaucrats are also shown supporting the drones, viewing them as a solution to a problem – the Taliban's grip over the tribal belt – that numerous army operations had failed to resolve.
Speaking in an "unofficial capacity" last year, a senior tribal area official in Peshawar told US officials that "he and many others could accept Predator strikes as they were surgical and clearly hitting high value targets".
Most local people did not fear the strikes because "everyone knew that they only hit the house or location of very bad people", he said. "Our house is on fire and we need to take drastic actions."
The official, who holds a senior position in the governance of the tribal belt and whose name has been withheld by the Guardian, appeared to be speaking out of desperation.
The Taliban were rampaging across North-West Frontier Province (now Khyber Pakhtunkhwa), he said, and if the government failed to stop them then the militants could take over entirely – forcing him to ask them for a job.
"The taliban [sic] could capture the NWFP but they don't know how to administer it so they might need administrators like me," he is quoted as saying. "I might have to join the taliban at some point to just survive."
There wasn't foul trouble or an injury or an ill-advised 3-pointer that had Andrew Bynum glued to the bench for all of the fourth quarter and during both overtimes in the Lakers' epic 114-106 come-from-behind win over the Oklahoma City Thunder on Sunday.
If you believe Lakers coach Mike Brown, it was simply a coaching decision to continue to ride backup big man Jordan Hill, who was playing his best game as a pro (14 points, 15 rebounds, three blocks), rather than an intentional benching to punish Bynum.
"That group that we had with Jordan and Pau [Gasol], they played well in the first half," Brown said. Hill played nine minutes in the second quarter when the Lakers were able to cut an 11-point deficit down to just one. Bynum played just five minutes in the second quarter. "So in the second half when we didn't play as well in the third quarter and I went with that group to start the fourth quarter and they went on a little run, I think it was a 10-point game at about the time that I usually put the big fella [Bynum] back in. I said, 'You know what? This group is playing well. Not only are they scoring some points and they're chipping into this thing little by little, but they're defending.' I said, 'I'm going to roll with this group.'"
Bynum played all 12 minutes in the third quarter, going 2-for-7 from the field as the Thunder turned a five-point halftime lead into a 16-point advantage headed into the fourth.
"From the standpoint that yes, Drew is 7-foot and he's an All-Star and he's played very well for us, that makes it tough, but it wasn't tough because I had a feeling," Brown said. "I had a gut feel, plus just watching the flow of game that group was playing extremely well on both ends of the floor and I felt there was plenty of time left for us to get a win."
Brown's gut feel didn't seem to sit well with Bynum as he appeared to become increasingly disengaged on the bench as the game dragged on through the fourth quarter and the subsequent overtimes. During several timeouts he was the lone Lakers player sitting down away from the huddle as the rest of his team stood up and fed off the energy of a tight ballgame with playoff seeding implications.
If Bynum was upset with Brown's substitution pattern however, he didn't say it with his actual vocal language after the game the way he did with his body language during the game.
"This is a team game," Bynum told reporters after the game. "I think [Brown] made the right decision. Jordan was playing phenomenal basketball. That unit brought the game back and he left him out there. I'm all for that."
Bynum finished with 10 points on 5-for-15 shooting to go with eight rebounds and five blocked shots in 29 minutes of playing time. He said his lack of playing time had nothing to do with the upper respiratory infection that had been bothering him the last several games.
Brown said Hill particularly gave the Lakers a lift with his pick-and-roll defense compared to Bynum.
"I did not think that Drew, and even Pau at times, the combination of both those bigs were up the floor in pick-and-roll coverage," Brown said. "Just Jordan Hill's activity at the point of the screen was better than all of our bigs combined tonight."
Added Brown: "I know in pick-and-roll coverage, if we tell our bigs -- whether it's Andrew or Pau or whoever -- to be up the floor, if you're not up the floor at the point of the screen and we're getting hurt and somebody is [playing up on screens], then somebody else is going to play. If we give our guys a coverage, then they've got to do it."
Brown would not place the blame purely on Bynum's effort. He suggested that Bynum sometimes should stay back in the lane rather than helping on pick-and-rolls because he feels like he has enough length to cover ground late should the guard get into the lane following the screen. That choice by Bynum goes against what Brown is asking him to do.
"Sometimes it is effort, sometimes I don't know what he's thinking," Brown said.
Bynum was critical of his own performance as well.
"I didn't think I was posting up hard," Bynum said, echoing his sentiments after a Lakers loss to the Wizards in March when he admitted he wasn't playing hard. "They were fronting me and I was just kind of letting it happen. I wasn't being aggressive. The only thing that needs to change being aggressive and I'm going come out aggressive in the next game."
Brown said Hill's surprise performance earned him playing time in the future as the Lakers head toward the playoffs, effectively leap-frogging him above Josh McRoberts and Troy Murphy in the rotation for the time being.
It sounds like Bynum's defense will determine whether Hill will continue to dip into Bynum's minutes as well.
Dave McMenamin covers the Lakers for ESPNLosAngeles.com. Follow him on Twitter.
In semi-expected but still stunning news, the NFL has suspended Sean Payton for an entire year for his role in the "Bountygate" scandal.
I expected Payton be suspended for being aware of what was going on, if the NFL's reports were correct, but I never thought it would be for an entire year. The move sends a strong signal the NFL will basically string up any team that is caught doing this in the future, and the Saints are clearly being made an example of. Everything you thought you knew about them for the 2012 season is shifting.
Do I entirely agree with this? Yes and no. Yes because the Saints did something wrong, even if we're not 100% sure of what it was, and they flouted the league's investigation and kept it going after they were warned the NFL was on to them. As I've said before, there's no sympathy here for the organization. Their hubris got them caught, and while the penalties are severe—it looks like Mickey Loomis will get eight games and Gregg Williams an indefinite suspension—the NFL wasn't going to let them get off lightly given its focus on player safety. You can't play with fire and expect to come away with cool fingers.
But as satisfying as it is to see the Saints getting raked over the coals for this, the NFL has to continue to investigate. If they find other teams were doing it, they must equal those punishments or risk signaling that they're not completely serious about stopping performance-based bonuses and those for injuring players. That wouldn't be great for the league's image.
So let's see what comes for the players, but this is one hell of a chop to the wrist for the Saints.
As always, I remind you not to go taunt Saints fans no matter how much you dislike them. This is a rough day for them.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Liberals like to say illegals only come to the United States for job opportunities, to help their families, or to flee persecution.
Some. Others, though, come to prey on little kids and to have illegal sex with minors. Still others — to rape adult women.
And we know this because agents with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement just busted a bunch of them who were taking advantage of Long Island's quasi-sanctuary policies to hide their sexual-offense pasts.
And all the liberals go — silent.
It's quasi because both Suffolk and Nassau counties, home of the majority of Long Island's municipalities, were until very recently, declared and open sanctuaries for illegals.
But post-President Trump, the jurisdictions, fearing loss of federal funds, made great noise to show they've reversed those policies and turned from their sanctuary ways. Saying and doing are two different beasts, though.
What's on paper may not actually work its way into real life.
What's written as rule may be tacitly overlooked.
For instance, if a liberal enclave wanted to shelter illegals while appearing to comply with federal immigration policy, it would seem fairly simple for politicians to write one set of rules but speak quietly to police and law enforcers of another set.
Regardless, until just recently, Long Island was an open and welcome embrace for illegals. And this is where it's led.
Called Operation SOAR, for Sex Offender Alien Removal, the 10-day ICE mission led to the arrest of 32 with past criminal convictions that ranged from sexual abuse to attempted rape. Twelve of the 32 arrested were actually registered sex offenders.
Let's look at the list of these fine upstanding members of sanctuary city society, shall we?
Agents arrested a Salvadoran national, age 24, who's facing first-degree sexual abuse charges over alleged contact with a little girl — age 4.
Agents arrested a 36-year-old Guatemalan national with a previous conviction of second-degree rape and child endangerment involving a 13 year old.
Another?
Agents arrested a 32-year-old Honduran with previous convictions tied to sexual abuse and endangering the welfare of a child, this time age 15.
All three are now facing deportation proceedings. And that's just a drop in the scum bucket of the 32 whom ICE rounded up and detained.
A press release from the agency sums the charges on these dirty dozens this way: “Criminal histories of those arrested during the operation are as follows: acting in a manner to injure a child, assault, third degree attempted rape, burglary, attempted sexual abuse, criminal sex act, endangering the welfare of a child, endangering the welfare of a physically disabled person, forcible touching, promoting a sexual performance by a child, public lewdness, first degree rape, second degree rape, third degree rape, reckless endangerment, first degree sexual abuse, second degree sexual abuse, sexual abuse, forcible compulsion, sexual contact with an individual incapable of consent and sexual misconduct.”
That's quite a mouthful.
And among the arrested were those who entered America illegally from the likes of the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Mexico — some of the places, for instance, that Trump on the campaign trail referenced as sending their worst across the borders.
For that, Trump was vilified. But now?
Reality strikes. And it goes like this: Open borders bring danger. Sanctuary cities and jurisdictions are enablers. And Long Island's arrests show, if nothing else, just how dug-in the left has become on its all-courts-press for amnesty and sieve-like borders that its leaders would seem to cavalierly trade law and order — and the safety of its most vulnerable populations, the children — for some of the most evil of society. Oh, that the left would open its eyes on the perils of sanctuary jurisdictions and discard these harmful, horrific policies.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
A woman Grab driver in Singapore is reportedly earning S$6,000 a month being a private hire car driver, according to a March 13 Today article.
The six grand she makes is after deducting car rental and petrol, as well as Grab's 20 percent commission.
Although not explicitly spelled out in the article, this means her total takings in a month can come up to S$9,000 to S$10,000, or more.
The lady driver, Chen Roujie, has to drive for nine hours every day though. And this was after turning full-time after trying out being a Grab driver for nine months.
Instead of being something to boast about — although it kind of is — the Today article wrote about the perils of young Singaporeans joining Uber and Grab on a full-time basis.
This is so as becoming a private hire car driver does not add to one's skills set in life and those employed this way might be underemployed and face long-term risks of becoming obsolete when driverless technology is a reality.
There are also no medical benefits and Central Provident Fund contributions for such private hire car drivers.
And the income is not guaranteed to be stable.
But, as always, there are attractive upsides though.
Incentives include having the flexibility to dictate one's hours and not be subjected to the usual cons of regular employment, such as having a boss breathing down your neck or getting caught in public transportation snafus — in other words, freedom of mobility.
The numbers by Grab and Uber seem to suggest that younger people in Singapore are taking up private hire car driving in droves.
According to Grab, about 20 to 30 percent of GrabCar drivers here are younger than 30. It is unclear how many do it as a primary source of income.
Uber Singapore said about 25 percent of its drivers are below 30.
If you like what you read, follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get the latest updates.
Nashville, Tennessee (March 24, 2015) – Nashville Predators President of Hockey Operations/General Manager David Poile announced Tuesday that the club has recalled 2014 first-round selection (11th overall) Kevin Fiala from Milwaukee (AHL) under emergency conditions. Fiala will wear No. 56, and at 18 years, 245 days, is poised to become the fourth 18-year-old in franchise history.
Fiala, 18 (7/22/96), has amassed 17 points (9g-8a) in 26 American Hockey League games since making his North American professional debut with the Admirals on Jan. 21. The native of St. Gallen, Switzerland, started the 2014-15 season with HV-71 of the Swedish Hockey League, posting 14 points (5g-9a) in 20 games – tied for the fourth-most goals and assists, and sixth-most points among SHL junior players – before being assigned to Nashville's AHL affiliate on Jan. 15. Fiala also represented Switzerland at the 2015 World Junior Championship, being named one of the nation's three best players for the tournament while tying for fifth among all skaters in goals (4g-1a-5pts, 6gp).
The 5-10, 180-pound winger was a finalist for the 2014 SHL Rookie of the Year Award after tying for the lead in points among all under-18 SHL players with 11 (3g-8a) in 17 games for HV-71. He also represented his homeland at the World Junior Championship, Under-18 World Championship and World Championship in 2014, becoming just the third player ever to participate in all three tournaments in the same year (Andrei Kostitsyn and Vadim Karagan, Belarus in 2003). Fiala led the Swiss in points at both the under-18 tournament (4g-5a-9pts, 5gp), was named one of the nation's three best players in the process, and World Juniors (1g-4a-5pts, 5gp) as the team's youngest member. At 17, he was the youngest member of Switzerland's entry at the World Championship by three years, posting three assists and a team-best +3 rating playing alongside Predators defenseman Roman Josi.
Fiala is poised to become the sixth member of the 2014 Draft to appear in the NHL, joining teammate Viktor Arvidsson (112th overall); Aaron Ekblad (FLA, first overall), Sam Reinhart (BUF, second overall), Leon Draisaitl (EDM, third overall) and David Pastrnak (BOS, 25th overall).
He speaks five languages – Czech, English, French, German and Swedish – and is on Twitter @KevinFiala22.
The Nashville Predators play the final contest of a three-game home stand Tuesday against Montreal (7 p.m. CT, FOX Sports Tennessee, 102.5 The Game) before departing on a two-game road trip to play the Lightning on Thursday and the Capitals on Saturday.
On Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m. (CT), the Preds return to Bridgestone Arena to take on the Calgary Flames (FOX Sports Tennessee, 102.5 The Game). All fans in attendance on Sunday will receive a Seth Jones bobble head, the final bobble head in the Preds' six-player season series. In addition, fans attending Sunday's game are invited to a Plaza Party presented by Lee Company, which begins at 2 p.m. and includes drink specials, music, activities, the GOLDWALK and more. A very limited number of tickets still remain; for more information, or to purchase, visit Nashvillepredators.com or call 615-770-7800.
Kim Il-sung Square, Pyongyang, North Korea. Otto Warmbier, the University of Virginia student detained in North Korea, may not have had the faintest idea that he would be placed under arrest as he prepared to leave Sunan International Airport. Photo by Astrelok/Shutterstock
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 (UPI) -- Otto Warmbier, the University of Virginia student detained in North Korea, may not have had the faintest idea that he would be placed under arrest as he prepared to leave Sunan International Airport.
Warmbier, who traveled to North Korea on a five-day trip, was reaching the end of his tour on Jan. 2, when North Korean airport officials quietly took him to a room for questioning, The Washington Post reported Monday.
The 21-year-old American, described as an "intellectual risk-taker," did not return, much to his group's surprise. They were later informed that he had been taken to a hospital.
The group was forced to fly home without Warmbier and kept the arrest confidential. Weeks later, on Jan. 22, North Korea's state-controlled media outlet KCNA announced he had been arrested for "hostile acts."
RELATED North Korea slams Japan for territorial claims
Neither Warmbier's family nor the University of Virginia have made public comments, but Gareth Johnson, chief executive of Pioneer Tours, the tour operator, said he stayed behind to investigate.
According to Pioneer Tours, "It was during this time that it was discovered that there had been an incident...Gareth remained in Pyongyang for a few days, and when it became apparent that nothing would be achieved in country, he returned to China."
Johnson also confirmed to the Post that Warmbier could have caused an incident at Pyongyang's Yanggakdo International Hotel that the traveler did not tell others about.
While North Korea has been taking greater liberties to woo foreign tourists and is scheduled to host an annual marathon in Pyongyang, there is no guarantee of the safety of U.S. citizens traveling to Pyongyang, according to the State Department.
Phil Robertson, deputy Asia director of Human Rights Watch, described the arrest as another example of North Korea's "political hostage-taking," TIME reported.
"When North Korea gets into a diplomatic dispute with the U.S. government, they like to grab any American they can find and use them as bargaining chips," he said.
-
The United Church of Christ, one of the largest Protestant denominations in the United States, overwhelmingly approved a resolution Tuesday calling for divestment from companies that profit from Israel's occupation or control of Palestinian territories, and a boycott of products from Israeli settlements.
Palestinians and their supporters welcomed the resolution, describing it as an indication that world opinion is isolating Israel. The Israeli government and its backers sharply criticized the church, describing the resolution as biased, deceptive and damaging.
While the resolution was not expected to have any economic effect on Israel, advocates said it was the moral weight of the measure, addressing one of the world's most intractable and polarizing conflicts, that was significant.
Approval came at the church's general synod in Cleveland, where delegates voted 508 to 124 in favor of divestment and boycott, with 38 abstentions. It was one of two resolutions on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict debated by the church, which has about one million members and more than 5,000 congregations nationwide.
Trivia
In addition to high-level waste problems, there are numerous examples of existing disposal sites containing low level waste which have been leaking radiation into the environment. Drigg in the UK and CSM in LeHague, France being just two. No guarantees can be given that waste will remain isolated from the environment over the tens to hundreds of thousands of years. There is no 100 % reliable method to warn future generations about the existence of nuclear waste dumps. An example of where industry plans, to safely store nuclear waste, have been exposed as flawed is the proposed dump site at Yucca Mountain in Nevada, US. After nearly 20 years of research and billions of dollars of investment, not one gram of spent fuel has been shipped to the site from nuclear reactors across the US. Major uncertainties in the geological suitability for waste disposal at the site remain. In the meantime, most nuclear power plants in the United States have resorted to the indefinite on-site dry cask storage of waste in steel and concrete casks. See more
Pandora has revealed that its royalty payments to SoundExchange, the US licensing body which collects performance royalties on behalf of record labels and artists, have just increased by 8%.
The news was confirmed in a call with investors following Pandora's Q1 fiscal results announcement on Thursday (April 23), in which it posted a three-month net loss of $48.3m.
In what Pandora CEO Brian McAndrews (pictured) called a “scheduled annual step-up”, Pandora has from January 1 been paying out an average $0.0014 per ad-funded stream and $0.0024 per premium stream to SoundExchange.
An 8% rise in SoundExchange royalties might sound impressive, but in per-stream terms, it's a micro-increase: up $0.0001 from $0.0013 (ad-funded) and $0.0023 (premium) in 2014.
In Q1 2015, Pandora pulled in $52m in subscription income, down on the $53.7m it accrued in the same period of 2014.
The company is believed to have somewhere between 3m and 4m subscribers, making up around 4.4% of its total customer base.
Pandora paid out $126m in ‘content acquisitions costs' in Q1 – essentially royalties to licensing bodies such as SoundExchange, BMI and ASCAP. That amounted to more than half of its total revenue.
Comparing Pandora to Spotify directly is no simple task: one is obviously a more passive ‘radio' service, while the other on-demand streaming option. But Spotify has publicly revealed its average per-stream payout to rights holders – blended across premium and ad-funded tiers – stands at around $0.007.
Pandora will head to federal court in the US on Monday (April 27) to argue its case to the Copyright Royalty Board over what its US statutory royalty payouts will be to SoundExchange from 2016-2022.
“Overall our our non-GAAP gross margin expanded in Q1… despite the increase in content cost in January due to the scheduled annual step-up in SoundExchange royalty rates, which increased to 8% this year.” Brian McAndrews, Pandora
The radio firm is attempting to bring down its current per-stream payout, while SoundExchange wants to double it to $0.0025.
The CRB will also decide which ‘radio' services amongst Pandora, iHeart Radio, Sirius XM and interactive and which are non-interactive. Interactive services, such as Spotify and iTunes, tend to agree royalty rates directly with copyright holders such as Universal Music, Sony Music and Warner Music.
Meanwhile, Pandora is also busy fighting publisher/songwriter US collection societies BMI and ASCAP over the performance royalties received by their members.
BMI currently receives 1.75% of Pandora's revenue – around $4m in Q1 2015. But the digital company wants to reduce the figure to 1.7% to match the rate paid by most radio stations.
The ASCAP rate court ruled last year that Pandora must give 1.85% of its annual revenue to the BMI rival.
Despite the increase, Sony/ATV's CEO & Chairman Martin Bandier slammed the decision, calling it “woefully inadequate” and a “clear defeat for songwriters”.
The likes of Sony/ATV, Universal Music Publishing and Kobalt are attempting to alter the US consent decrees to allow them to negotiate their members' digital royalties with the likes of Pandora directly.
Pandora's monthly active listener tally dropped by 2 million people across Q1 2015.
It reached an average of 79.2m people in the period, down 2.3m (2.8%) on the 81.5m who used Pandora in the last quarter of 2014.
However, overall Q1 revenue grew 18.8% year-on-year in to $230.8m.Music Business Worldwide
The driver who allegedly killed eight people in the Manhattan terror attack was interviewed by feds in 2015 — but officials didn't have enough information on him to open a case, according to a new report.
Sayfullo Saipov's name and address were listed as a “point of contact” for two men whose names were on the Counterterrorism and Criminal Exploitation Unit's list after they arrived in the US from “threat countries,” a federal source told ABC News.
Saipov was interviewed two years ago in Paterson, New Jersey, where he has a current address. The 29-year-old Uzbek native came to the US through a Diversity Visa Program lottery in 2010 — making him a legal permanent resident.
His social media activity has linked him to others who are or were subjects of terror probes, ABC said. But it's not clear whether he was part of a cell or directed to carry out Tuesday's deadly attack.
Saipov was carrying a note pledging allegiance to ISIS and an image of the Islamic State flag inside his Home Depot rental truck, which he used to plow into people along a bike path on the West Side. Eight people were killed and 11 injured.
A spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security said its agencies — including Customs and Border Protection, Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Homeland Security Investigations — did not interview Saipov in 2015.
Related Video 0:44 Videos show suspected terrorist fleeing downtown carnage
For months the debate has raged about whom the Detroit Lions will target with their first-round pick in the 2013 NFL Draft. A litany of prospects and positions have already been discussed, but today there is only one logical choice: Defensive end Dion Jordan.
The Lions' current dearth of defensive-end talent makes Jordan a must.
While Lions' general manager Martin Mayhew did step up his free-agency game by signing each player he targeted—Reggie Bush, Glover Quin, Jason Jones, Chris Houston and Louis Delmas—he couldn't prevent Cliff Avril from signing elsewhere.
When Avril left for Seattle, the Lions' pass rush left with him and the decline and eventual release of fellow starter Kyle Vanden Bosch earlier this offseason didn't help matters either.
Mayhew deserves kudos for improving the Lions' defense—particularly the secondary—and adding speed (Bush) on offense, but now he has to address the hole at defensive end.
Simply put: The Lions have no proven pass-rushers on their roster. If they enter the season with Jason Jones and Willie Young as their starters their chances of improving upon last year is slim.
The situation at DE has disaster written all over it and that's the last thing Mayhew and head coach Jim Schwartz need. Their jobs are on the line. Either they win now or it will be reboot time in Detroit once again.
Their best chance at strengthening the pass rush was in free agency, but impact players like Michael Bennett and William Hayes never made it to Detroit. They signed elsewhere before Mayhew had a chance to offer them a deal.
Now the Lions are forced to consider players like Israel Idonije and Kyle Moore (Mlive.com) who offer depth but no impact. Combined they only had one more sack than Avril last season.
Unfortunately the free-agency ship has sailed for the Lions at defensive end. Now their only hope is to get an impact player in the draft and that's where Dion Jordan comes in. The Lions won't pass him up because he can play at a high level now, not two years from now.
Selecting a project pick—like Ezekiel Ansah—would be pure folly for the Lions' current regime. Why would they care how good a player is in two or three years? They will be long gone by then if the pass rush doesn't improve this year.
With arguably the best combine performance out of all the pass-rushers, Jordan proved he has all the tools. Many of the experts agree.
Walterfootball.com predicts Jordan will be selected by the Jacksonville Jaguars with the second-overall pick:
Jordan is definitely one of the top players available.....he's drawn comparisons to Aldon Smith. Jordan certainly fits the bill there, as he was one of the most explosive athletes at the Combine. He would also be able to drop into coverage and defend tight ends - and that is key.
Here is what DraftTek has to say about him:
Dion Jordan , who is arguably the best pure pass rusher in this draft. He is versatile, tough, holds the edge, and has improved every year.
Finally ESPN's Todd McShay predicts Jordan will go No. 6 to the Cleveland Browns:
Jordan is a phenomenal athlete.....He has the length, speed and athleticism to immediately make a significant contribution as a pass-rusher and pursuit run-defender. Jordan also has good awareness in coverage and unusually fluid hips for his 6-foot-6 frame.
The experts are clearly sold on Jordan's ability and his speed is what makes him truly unique—and not just for his pass rush skills. The Lions gave up far too many big runs to opponents last year. Jordan's ability to hold the edge and pursue rushers will be key in improving that stat.
How many more wins would the Lions have if they eliminated one big run per game?
Drafting for need isn't Mayhew's preferred method, but selecting the best player available doesn't make sense this year with the No. 5 pick. It's a wise strategy if you need to build a football team from the ground up but that isn't what the Lions need to do anymore.
They have a talented core, they just need to fill holes in key spots.
They also need to win now and Jordan gives them the best chance at that. Other top prospects such as Bjoern Werner and Ezekiel Ansah have too many drawbacks. Werner has the physicality and work ethic but lacks the athleticism and speed. Ansah has the amazing athleticism and measurables but lacks the technique.
It could take him years to develop into an effective pro. Werner could contribute immediately but his ceiling is relatively low.
On the other hand, Jordan's potential is sky high due to his unique combination of speed, athleticism and technique. He gives the Lions the biggest bang for their buck and could contribute on Sundays from day one.
The Lions are clearly in a tough spot with regards to the defensive end position and there are no foolproof plans to solve the problem. There is risk involved selecting any player in the draft and Jordan is no different, but he matches up with what the Lions need better than any other prospect.
The only question is whether he gets past his former coach Chip Kelly and the Philadelphia Eagles who have the fourth pick, one ahead of Detroit.
by
Should Bernie Sanders abandon the Democratic Party, which he's technically not a member of, and make a run of some kind either as an Independent or in amalgamation with Jill Stein and the Green Party? It's a fair question, one many of his supporters will be asking.
Understanding that one cannot enter the mind of another person, and that our speculations say more about our own motives and desires than that of the target person, such speculations are justified by our involvement as citizens. Our responsibility as a citizen.
There are some reasons why Sanders would not. What comes to mind first is that he said he wouldn't. That he would support the eventual nominee, meaning Hillary Clinton. He'd be going back on his word. There are some businesses and professions where your word is your bond. When all that's needed is a handshake. Politics is not one of these, and it's much more like a business than a profession. This “going back” is no obstacle for any seasoned political storyteller.
We should also consider, but not say too much about, his personal economic situation and continuing career trajectory. He certainly does.
And then there is THE REASON why he wouldn't and shouldn't. He would siphon off votes from the Democratic Party, playing right into Republican hands. A spoiler.
Sanders has said he didn't want to end up like Ralph Nader. So how has Nader ended up? It's common to hear that Hillary possesses extraordinary qualifications for high office, to include her stints as first lady, senator, and state secretary. This differs little from saying, though, that politicians deserve to be politicians. If what counts as “qualifications” are the demonstrable benefits one has provided the American people, then Ralph Nader is, and was, the most qualified candidate in our history. And he's still fighting the good fight.
Let's go back to that time in Florida when Gore lost the state, and thus the presidency, to Bush. The margin of victory was 537 votes. Nader, the Green candidate, received 97,488 votes. To some this looks incriminating.
But there were other competing parties with a share of votes in excess of the margin. The Socialist Workers received 562. The Socialist Party received 622. And Workers World received 1,804. Would Gore be the default position for these votes?
Would the Nader vote have gone to Gore? Why? This assumes that Gore was politically the closest thing to Nader when there's clearly closer choices. It also insinuates that only major parties deserve our vote, in itself a deep underscoring of the illegitimacy of our democracy. Nader's candidacy was a protest of plutocracy, corporatism, imperialism, and, to a lesser extent, a critique of capitalism itself. The three mentioned parties above were closer and so was a fourth choice. Abstaining. And a fifth choice. Writing someone in.
Concentrating on the Democratic Party because the subject is Sanders, the pickings seem pretty easy because of the disarray of the Republican Party. The nominee is either going to be Donald Trump, or Ted Cruz, or whoever they can patch up at the last minute. Right now it looks very much like Trump which means it looks very much like Clinton vs.Trump in the general election.
Given that Trump wears his narcissism like a badge, indulges in adolescent behavior without embarrassment, and is capable of sounding outright stupid, the Democratic strategy is to paint the prospect of a Trump presidency as a disaster. Ergo, anyone draws votes away from Hillary is courting disaster.
Yet, an honest coin would tell us that, despite petty vote-pandering differences, there is little to choose from between the parties. For those who are thinking of the Bush neocon-backed illegal Iraqi invasion, it was Democratic collusion that made it possible. The party demonstrated how far political cowardice could go when the pressure mounted to be seen as flag-wavers. They could have laid down on the tracks. That would have been, “worth it”.
The history of our country suggests that political and judicial leadership cannot bring about a just state. It's always been a dishonest coin, siding with the rich over the poor, powerful over weak, white over all other colors, punishing dissidents and whistleblowers, facilitating every war of choice.
It is the people themselves, acting independently of presidents, congress, and the courts that have forced change to come about through direct action, protests, strikes, and civil disobedience. The disaster for the citizen is to allow him/herself to rely upon either of these two parties or the courts for justice, including the Supreme Court.
With a fitting irony these two highly unlikeable candidates, Clinton and Trump, are in their own way the perfect products of a governing system no longer capable of meeting the needs of its people.
Pokémon Go is unquestionably this season's hit game. But whether it has any staying power is a very open question, and early signs suggest it's already trailing off.
Bloomberg has published some charts by Axiom Capital Management that show daily users and engagement dropping. One chart, using data from analytics firm Apptopia, shows Pokémon Go peaking at around 45 million users in mid-July, during the week or so following its launch. It then begins a decline to somewhere above 30 million daily users last week.
That's not great news for the game's creator, Niantic, though it isn't necessarily terrible news either. Apps and services typically measure their usage in monthly users, not daily users, because it's so much harder to get people hooked enough that they come back day after day. Niantic was never going to be able to keep the Pokémon phenomenon as strong as it was around launch, but it's possible it'll be able to keep its numbers more stable on a month by month basis.
We're just over a month out, so it's too soon to know exactly how Pokémon Go is faring in the longer term. But there are still signs that it's doing well: it's the number one free game in the Google Play Store (and number four free app overall), and it's the number two free game in Apple's App Store (and the 11th most popular free app overall). The game is also yet to launch in many parts of the world, where it'll pick up new users and could start to grow again. But the early data, at least, suggests it isn't likely to maintain its status as an ubiquitous, always-open hit.
HOW TO GET PIKACHU AS YOUR STARTER IN POKÉMON GO
Welcome to Nexus Game Fair!
Thursday, May 30, through Sunday, June 2, 2019
Sheraton Milwaukee Brookfield Hotel
Early Bird Badge registration opens on Sunday, February 3rd. Event submission begins with the start of Early Bird registration. We expect table space to be at a premium this year, so be sure to plan to submit your events early.
We're pleased to announce our dates and venue for the 2019 show! Come join us Thursday, May 30, through Sunday, June 2, 2019, at the Sheraton Milwaukee Brookfield Hotel. In order to continue to offer our attendees the most affordable gaming experience possible, we found the ideal partner with the Sheraton. The hotel already has a strong history with gaming events, and is ideally located next to a large shopping mall with many dining options. Plus, with almost 400 hotel rooms, we have plenty of room to grow!We're especially excited to continue to partner with major hotel brands while keeping room rates extremely affordable. Our rate for this year's show is $89/night for both King and Double Queen room types. Make your reservation today at:
In the 1950s, '60s and '70s, the literary works of leading Egyptian authors brought glory to the big screen when their novels were made into films. This year, the Egyptian novel took to the small screen when Nobel Prize-winning author Naguib Mahfouz's "Afrah al-Qubbah" ("Wedding Song") was made into a TV series broadcast during Ramadan.
Similar literary works are expected to be broadcast on TV in the next few years, as Egyptian production company El Adl Group announced Sept. 13 that it has finished the main set for the TV series "Wahat al-Ghurub" ("The Sunset Oasis"), which is based on Bahaa Tahir's novel of the same name. The series is to be filmed at the Siwa Oasis by the end of October or the beginning of November, to be broadcast during Ramadan in 2017.
Writers and producers recently revived the idea of turning widely read and best-selling novels into screenplays. This phenomenon was evidently embraced when scriptwriter Wahid Hamid turned Alaa al-Aswani's best-selling "The Yacoubian Building" into a 2006 film directed by a young Marwan Hamid. The story is about an old apartment building in downtown Cairo occupied by Egyptians representing different economic, social and cultural castes. The film and the novel alike depict the suffering and transformation of every social caste in Egypt since the movement of July 23, 1952, until 2005, a period which included the overthrow of the monarchy and political parties and the military taking the reins of power.
Since "The Yacoubian Building," the idea of turning novels into screenplays has become more common. For instance, "The Blue Elephant," "Hepta: The Last Lecture" and "The Price" are films adapted from novels written respectively by novelists Ahmad Murad, Muhammad Sadiq and Amal Afifi. However, critic Mahmoud Abd al-Shakur told Al-Monitor that "Wedding Song" marks a turning point in “the relationship between the novel and the screenplay.”
Mustafa al-Faramawi, the manager of Dar El Shorouk bookstores, told Al-Monitor, “The series' excellent script and exceptional production, and the distinguished performance of its crew, have placed the novel on the bestseller list and this [speaks to] the importance of cinema and TV in bringing the audience back to reading.” (It is worth mentioning that Dar El Shorouk owns the copyright and distribution rights of Mahfouz's novels in Egypt.)
Faramawi said, “Turning a novel into a film usually increases sales of the latter at screening time, as was the case with 'The Blue Elephant' or 'Hepta.' Moreover, the films' posters are sometimes used as covers for the novels' next editions, as a sort of advertisement. Unlike 'Wedding Song,' most of these novels were attracting youth in the first place and achieved considerable sales before they were made into films. However, sales of Naguib Mahfouz's novels have been decreasing for years and 'Wedding Song' is one of his rich intellectual and political literary works, due to its symbolism. Therefore, being placed again on the bestseller list is proof of the novel's greatness and success, let alone the deep influence of the series, as well as audiences' ability to value such exceptional literary work.”
"Wedding Song" relates the story of the murder of a young actress, Tahiyya Abdo. The novel narrates her murder from the different perspectives of people she knew through working in the theater, which is owned and managed by Sarhan al-Hilali. Hilali decides to make his group perform a play portraying Abdo's murder, to uncover any corruption among the theater's staff, including Hilali himself. Every character in the drama symbolizes a certain social, political or economic stratum. Critic Muhammad Abd al-Shakur indicates that the novel exposes all aspects of corruption that led to the defeat of Egypt in the 1967 war against Israel, and tackles the roots of that corruption from the 1952 movement until after Egypt's victory in the 1973 war.
Abd al-Shakur said, “'Wedding Song' has all the elements of success. The rich literary work has been turned into an attractive series with the assistance of a large number of popular drama stars, despite the simple roles that some of them perform. In addition, the mystery that cast its shadow over all the series' episodes is another element of success, as everyone was eagerly waiting to know the circumstances of [Abdo's] murder and her relationship with her colleagues.”
When asked about his expectations for the upcoming series, he said, "'The Sunset Oasis' is a rich, philosophical novel that needs special scriptwriting skills to be made into a drama that attracts and holds the audience so they can understand the meanings and purposes of the novel."
He added, "This, certainly, is a considerable challenge for the work team."
The novel, published by Dar El Shorouk, is set in the 19th century at the beginning of Britain's occupation of Egypt. Police officer Mahmoud Abd al-Zahir is transferred to Siwa Oasis when Egyptian authorities suspect him of sympathizing with the revolutionary anti-colonization stance of Jamal al-Din al-Afghani and Ahmad ‘Urabi. Abd al-Zahir's Irish wife — who is fond of archaeology and was in pursuit of Alexander the Great's tomb — accompanies him to the oasis. The novel is based on Abd al-Zahir's inner struggle, as he is caught between either accepting the new circumstances — his transfer, the British defeat of ‘Urabi, the oasis people and his wife's attitude — or rejecting the whole situation.
“The distribution of 'The Sunset Oasis' was considerably good. The novel won the International Prize for Arabic Fiction (Booker), yet it is not as popular as 'The Blue Elephant' or 'Hepta.' Therefore, the series staff is facing a big challenge similar to the challenge of 'Wedding Song.' I hope they will succeed in their experience so that there will be a mutual benefit between the novels on one side and the cinema and drama on the other," Faramawi said.
He added, "Some works benefit from the popularity and distribution of certain novels such as 'The Blue Elephant' and 'Hepta,' and some novels benefit from drama and cinema for simplifying the literary works and portraying them in an appealing and attractive way despite their rich content, as is the case with 'Wedding Song.' Therefore, I hope the same methodology will be adopted with 'The Sunset Oasis.'"
LONDON HEATHROW is one of the world's busiest airports. It is also remarkably small. Pascall+Watson, a firm of architects, compared the ground area of the world's 15 busiest airports and plotted onto their outlines new and planned additional runways and terminals. Denver, which sprawls over 135.4 square kilometres (52.3 square miles), was the biggest of the 15 but also the least busy, with 52.5m passengers in 2013. Heathrow, in third place in 2013 with 72.4m passengers—after Atlanta (94.4m) and Beijing Capital (83.7m)—was the smallest, occupying a site of just 12.3 sq km. Nearly all the other airports also have more runways, often many more.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
According to Alan Lamond, Pascall+Watson's aviation director, this shows the effects of decades of indecision over expanding Heathrow or building a new London airport. Heathrow has become extremely adept at squeezing every bit of capacity out of its restricted size, congested terminals and its miserly pair of runways. But efficiency only goes so far. In Europe, Paris Charles de Gaulle, Amsterdam and Frankfurt have more space and more runways with which to attract additional services and passengers, including those interchanging between flights. Big new global hubs are emerging, such as Beijing Capital and, especially, Dubai—which leapfrogged Heathrow to become the world's busiest international airport in 2014. In 2018 a new international airport is due to open in Daxing, a district south of Beijing. Costing more than $13 billion and boasting four runways, it is designed to handle 72m passengers a year. A new five-runway, $32 billion Dubai airport will have a potential capacity of more than 125m passengers a year, in addition to the existing international airport.
Plans to build a new London airport in the Thames estuary have been proposed on and off since the 1970s but now seem to have been permanently shelved. Even if controversial plans to add a third runway at Heathrow ever get off the ground, the airport may never be able to grow big enough to compete on its own terms with these new hubs. That may mean Heathrow has to work as an airport system with the other London airports—Gatwick, which played host to 35.4m passengers in 2013, and Stansted, with 17.8m.
(CBS News) A French study that supposedly shows that mice who ate genetically modified corn sprayed with weed killer were more likely to develop tumors, organ damage and die early is becoming a polarizing debate among researchers.
The two-year study, which was published on Sept. 19 in Food and Chemical Toxicology, revealed that mice who were fed either a diet of Monsanto's genetically modified maize sprayed with Roundup - the company's brand of weed killer - or drank water with levels of Roundup similar to what is found in U.S. tap water were much more likely to die and at an earlier age, in addition to other health problems.
Watch: Flap over "Agent Orange corn"
Watch: New GMO crops proposed, consumers want labeling
Genetically modified crops resistant to 2,4-D spur debate labeling
According to the USDA Economic Research Service, as of 2011, 76 to 96 percent of corn crops had some sort of genetic modification, depending on which state they were grown.
The study involved 200 albino Sprague-Dawley rats - 100 hundred females, 100 males. The rats where then divided into groups of 10.
Six of the groups were fed varied diets with genetically modified products. Six groups - three male and three female - were fed Monsanto GM maize with Roundup weed killer consisting of 11 percent of their diet, 22 percent or 33 percent. Six other groups were given Monsanto GM maize in the same percentage amounts, but had no Roundup sprayed on them. Another six groups were given Roundup weed killer in their water similar to the levels found in U.S. tap water.
The remaining two groups acted as control groups and were fed non-genetically modified maize and water without Roundup weed killer.
The results showed that female rats were two to three times more likely to die than the control group. Fifty percent of the males and 70 percent of the females eating Monsanto GM maize died earlier compared to 30 percent of males and 20 percent of females not eating genetically modified products. Female rats seemed to be more negatively affected by genetically modified corn diets whether it was sprayed with Roundup or not.
Tumors seemed to be late-developing, large mammary tumors, and the affected rats suffered from severe liver and kidney damage. The tumors did not metastasize or spread to other body parts, but were so large they blocked organ function in the rats.
"After one year, there was a . . . high increase in the number of tumors," lead author Gilles-Eric Seralini, a biologist at Caen University in Caen, France and president of CRII-GEN's scientific board, said in a press call with the Washington Post.
He added that most of the female rats had two or three tumors, and most developed tumors after the fourth month in the study.
There were some reported findings some considered strange, however. Rats that ate the higher percentages of genetically modified corn did not get as sick as those who were eating the lower percentages.
Critics also have taken issue with the study's methodology. Specifically the researchers' choice of rats are known for their propensity to develop mammary tumors if their diet is not controlled. Also, the control group of just 20 mice is rather small and makes it hard to draw conclusions from comparisons.
Some experts pointed out to the BBC that the pictures of the rats with the tumors were misleading.
"The most evocative part of the paper is those pictures of tumorigenesis," said Maurice Moloney, a research biologist at Rothamsted Research in Harpenden, England, said to the BBC.
He said the authors mislead readers to believe that these tumors never happen in control groups.
"I'd be surprised if it didn't, but that ought to be explicitly demonstrated, and if there was a control that ended up showing similar kinds of tumorigenesis then a picture of that rat should be shown as well, just so we can see if there are any qualitative differences between them," Moloney said.
Monsanto spokesman Thomas Helscher said the company would review the study and asserted the products' safety, according to Reuters.
"Numerous peer-reviewed scientific studies performed on biotech crops to date, including more than a hundred feeding studies, have continuously confirmed their safety, as reflected in the respective safety assessments by regulatory authorities around the world," he said.
The FDA added that the agency is neutral on the report to the Washington Post.
"We will be in a better position to respond after we have more data and have had time to review the paper," Shelly L. Burgess, a spokeswoman for the agency, said to the paper.
However, some people feel that the results are being dismissed too quickly.
Reuters reports that the French government has asked the country's watchdog to investigate the findings. It also reports Austria's minister for agriculture and the environment called on the European Commission to review its approval process for GM foods.
"One thing is clear: Given this study the European Commission has to rethink its verification practices and the approval process must get an in-depth review," Austria's Niki Berlakovich said in a statement.
Gary Ruskin, campaign manager for Yes on Proposition 37 - a California initiative that aims to get labels placed on genetically modified food - said in a statement that the study was the first-ever, peer-reviewed research that took a look at the effects of genetically modified products over a long period of time. Calling the results worrying on the Right To Know blog, he pointed out that genetically engineered foods have not been adequately researched, and it is still unknown if they are safe.
"This new study is destined to raise more questions than it answers," he said. But at this point, a few things are clear. It is outrageous and shocking that this is the first long-term feeding study, even though genetically engineered foods have been on the market for nearly 20 years."
Ruskin pointed out that 50 countries around the world already require labeling.
"These findings underscore the importance of giving California families the right to know whether our food has been genetically engineered in a laboratory," he added.
"I think these are very important findings," added Dr. Michael Antoniou, a molecular biologist at King's College, London who acted as an adviser to Seralini's team, said to the BBC.
"At the very least, what this study highlights is: firstly, the need to test all GM crops in two-year, lifelong studies; and, secondly, when looking at testing the toxicity of herbicides/pesticides, we need to test the full agricultural formulation and not just the active ingredient," he added.
Come September 29th, King County Metro will switch its routes to “pay on entry” only. The date will also mark the end of Seattle's downtown Ride Free Area. Unless the Transit Riders Union can save it:
The Transit Riders Union is asking the County Council to reconsider their decision to eliminate the RFA. Visit http://transitriders.org to learn more and to send an email petition letter to our County Council members and County Executive Dow Constantine (direct link to petition: http://transitriders.org/rfa_petition/). Want to learn more? The Transit Riders Union is holding a public meeting and workshop on the Ride Free Area: Tuesday, September 4th, 6pm Capitol Hill Public Library meeting room* 425 Harvard Avenue East (served by Metro routes 8, 60, 49, 10, 11) *This event is not sponsored by the Seattle Public Library.
The group argues that eliminating the Ride Free zone will cause “longer delays, more congestion, hurting downtown businesses, and stranding low income riders.”
A bill that would ban teaching Tennessee kids about homosexuality before they reach the ninth grade was approved by a state House subcommittee Wednesday, reigniting an emotional debate in the buckle of the Bible Belt.
The bill, which would limit class discussions to "natural human reproduction science" in public schools, passed the House education subcommittee, which keeps it on track for consideration by the full House, according to reports in the Nashville Tennessean and the Nashville Scene.
To supporters, the bill gives parents control over how and when to educate their children about what is still, to some, a sensitive topic.
"The basic right as an American is my right to life, my right to liberty and my right to the pursuit of happiness," Democratic state Rep. John DeBerry said, according to the Tennessean. "Within that includes being able to run my home, raise my children as I see fit and indoctrinate them as I see fit."
Wednesday's hearing attracted a large crowd, including many high school students involved in gay-straight alliance groups at Nashville high schools. Some students stood on a busy street with their mouths covered in purple tape.
Only one subcommittee member opposed the measure. "It looks to me like a solution looking for a problem," Rep. Craig Fitzhugh, a Democrat, told the Tennessean.
The bill, authored by Republican lawmaker Stacey Campfield, passed the state Senate last year. Campfield prefers to call it a "Don't Teach Gay" bill, and has said it is necessary because homosexuality is more dangerous than heterosexuality.
Campfield recently incorrectly asserted on a a satellite radio talk show that the HIV epidemic began when a gay airline employee had sex with a monkey. His statements have earned him national attention and the ire of gay rights supporters both nationally and locally: A restaurant in his hometown of Knoxville recently refused to serve him.
Jeff Woods, a reporter at the Nashville Scene, noted that Wednesday's debate over the bill took a detour into the merits of the popular TV sitcom "Modern Family," which prominently features a gay couple.
A preacher told the committee that if the bill became law, kids might find out about gay people anyway if they tuned in to the show.
The subcommittee chair, Rep. Joey Hensley, said that he didn't think that "Modern Family" was an "appropriate" show for children.
RELATED:
'Don't Say Gay' senator is asked to leave Tennessee restaurant
Roland Martin of CNN meets with GLAAD over Twitter controversy
Empire State Building throws same-sex weddings on Valentine's Day
-- Richard Fausset in Atlanta
Photo: Opponents of a bill seeking to prohibit the teaching of gay issues to elementary and middle school students wear purple to a meeting of the House Education Subcommittee in Nashville on Wednesday. The bill sponsored by Republican Rep. Joey Hensley of Hohenwald advanced on a voice vote. Credit: Erik Schelzig/Associated Press
A pioneer who helped kickstart VR's renaissance is driving the strategy for Microsoft's Windows Mixed Reality platform, spanning both HoloLens and a collection of VR headsets rolling out later this year.
We knew Mark Bolas, who ran the mixed reality lab at USC, took a position at Microsoft as the company built up its efforts in mixed reality, but we didn't know precisely what he'd be doing. UploadVR has now confirmed Bolas' role.
His title is Director of Program Management, Mixed Reality, and he is responsible for driving the “vision strategy” for Microsoft's Mixed Reality platform “that blends the physical and the virtual.” According to Microsoft:
He leads a cross-disciplinary team of innovators who develop experiences on a wide spectrum of mixed-reality devices. These devices enable everyone to meaningfully create, collaborate and communicate in ways that break the bounds of physical reality while retaining a fluent and instinctual interface.
Alex Kipman, technical fellow of new device categories in the Windows and Devices Group at Microsoft, said in an interview Bolas “owns our mixed reality shell, period. There's one shell that goes across HoloLens and these headsets you've seen — it's a Windows Mixed Reality shell. I brought Mark Bolas [on] because he's amazing, and I think as a collaborator, he can help us create an amazing future there.”
Microsoft partner Acer is hosting a press conference in New York Thursday where Bolas is expected to speak about the company's efforts in mixed reality. It will be his first public appearance since taking the job at Microsoft last year.
Bolas has already played a major part in jumpstarting the transition of mixed reality technology from researcher's toolkit to mass market product, and now he's leading a team at Microsoft looking to solidify the company's position in the next phase of personal computing. Bolas previously directed USC's Mixed Reality Lab at the Institute for Creative Technologies, where he hired a teenager from Long Beach before the young man co-founded Oculus. In addition to hiring Palmer Luckey, Bolas' lab gave rise to a number of headset prototypes that placed phone or tablet-sized screens in front of your eyes for a basic sort of VR headset, including one that was cardboard-based long before Google branded the idea and put them in millions of homes.
Microsoft hit the market first with its HoloLens, a self-contained unit with so-called inside-out tracking allowing the device to pinpoint its location. While HoloLens is an augmented reality unit that is quite expensive at $3,000, the tracking technology it uses applied to VR headsets can make them more convenient to set up and use compared with Facebook's Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive. Also, the headsets should be less expensive since partners don't need to manufacture external tracking hardware as used by the first headsets on the market. That's exactly what Microsoft is doing, with Acer being one of several partners releasing lower cost VR headsets that will make use of the software Bolas' team is now developing.
An Acer press conference will be livestreaming here starting at 8 am Pacific time on Thursday.
Tagged with: mark bolas, microsoft
Publicly traded enterprise software company Red Hat has acquired devops software startup Ansible for more than $100 million, VentureBeat has learned.
Red Hat will announce the news as soon as tomorrow, a source familiar with the matter told VentureBeat.
Update (5:52 a.m. PST, October 16): Red Hat today formally announced the acquisition in a statement released several hours after this article was published. Red Hat did not disclose the terms of the deal but did note in the statement that “management expects GAAP operating expense to increase for fiscal 2016 by approximately $5 million, or ($0.02) per share, in the third quarter and approximately $6 million, or ($0.02) per share, in the fourth quarter as a result of the transaction.”
Ansible cofounder and chief executive Saïd Ziouani spent a decade at Red Hat as a vice president of sales and business development. Todd Barr, Ansible's senior vice president of sales and marketing, is also a Red Hat veteran.
Representatives of Red Hat and Ansible did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Red Hat, which sells distributions of Linux, among other things, has a reputation as a successful open-source company. Buying Ansible — one of four major providers of at least partly open-source devops tools — makes sense, because it can add to Red Hat's line of offerings. Plus, Ansible already integrates with Red Hat's OpenShift, OpenStack, and Red Hat Enterprise Linux software.
Written mostly in Python, Ansible's open-source software has gained popularity, but the startup also offers premium Tower software and consulting services. The software allows developers to more easily set up and manage IT infrastructure for applications at scale. For instance, Ansible can speed up the rollout of OpenStack Ceph storage software across companies' data center infrastructure, according to a recent blog post from Red Hat.
“We see in Ansible a perfect alignment with the core principles that shape Red Hat's management, both at the product level and at the portfolio level,” Red Hat said on a frequently asked questions (FAQ) page about the acquisition. “At the product level, Ansible matches Red Hat's desire to deliver a frictionless design and a modular architecture through open development. At the portfolio level, Ansible matches Red Hat's desire to support a multi-tier architecture, provide multi-layer consistency, and deliver multi-vendor support.”
Ansible is younger and less popular than well-funded Puppet and Chef. Another devops contender is SaltStack.
Ansible started in 2013 and is based in Durham, North Carolina — right near Red Hat's Raleigh headquarters.
Ansible had 50 employees and more than 500 customers, Red Hat said in the FAQ document. Customers include Atlassian, Cisco, Cloud Physics, Evernote, Hootsuite, Juniper, Twitter, and Red Hat. Ansible announced a $6 million funding round with backing from Menlo Ventures in August 2013. Other investors include e.ventures.
Recent Red Hat acquisitions include eNovance, FeedHenry, and Inktank.
Red Hat fully intends to provide Ansible customers with support and service.
“With Red Hat's long history of successfully guiding open source communities for the benefit of all members, the Ansible community can feel confident in a continuation of the vital vibrant ecosystem Ansible, Inc. has built well into the future,” Red Hat said in the FAQ document.
DAVIE — William Hayes knows you've heard about his belief in mermaids and doubts about dinosaurs, but he'd like you to know he takes his job really seriously.
“Make a difference,” Hayes said. “Do something positive. Play at a high level.”
The thing about Hayes is that how well he plays the game of football has been somewhat overshadowed by a colorful personality that led to memorable appearances on Hard Knocks and Jimmy Kimmel.
It is not possible to write about Hayes without writing about his personality.
But that the Dolphins landed one of the most under-the-radar acquisitions of the off-season, a man who can play defensive end and defensive tackle and create pressure and stop the run, must not be overlooked here.
Who appears, in training camp and the preseason opener, to be helping the Dolphins get interior push and actually setting an effective edge against the run?
“William Hayes,” defensive line coach Terrell Williams, says, succinctly.
Hayes has been trying to stay a bit under the radar this preseason.
His objective is to create more disruption and more news on the field than off at the latest stop of his career.
And it's working.
Assistant defensive line coach Andre Carter recently brought up Hayes in a conversation about Cameron Wake, Andre Branch and Ndamukong Suh's impact on inexperienced defensive linemen Charles Harris and Davon Godchaux.
“I'll tell you what,” Carter said after one recent practice. “One guy who really stands out is Will Hayes. He's a true professional.”
Hayes had an excellent preseason debut, showing surprising speed and determination in pursuit of both running backs and quarterbacks.
“We wanted a guy that's going to be aggressive versus the run and still rush the passer, and he has done a great job,” coach Adam Gase told Kim Bokamper at halftime of the Falcons game.
Now that it is been established that Hayes can play, and play at a really high level (Pro Football Focus graded Hayes nearly as highly as Suh and Wake in 2016) there is still time to discuss his personality.
Hayes likes to talk, on the field.
He admits he's even done research into the lives of opponents for a competitive yapping advantage.
“It's just anything I can get on you, I try to use and try to take you out of your game,” Hayes said.
Hayes also loves contact. As in he seeks violent contact out at all times.
“Hockey has the enforcer,” Carter said. “The goon. If there is one person that's the goon it's Will Hayes. Always talking trash, but I'll tell you what he backs it up.”
Last season, Branch was Miami's biggest defensive line talker.
But it turns out the Dolphins have two spark plugs on the line now.
“When we need a boost he's our guy,” Carter said.
Hayes has taken on a mentoring role with the youngsters, working with them on techniques long after practice. And even offering investing advice.
Harris referred to Hayes as “the monk on our team. He knows a lot of things off the field.”
How much does Hayes have left?
“I'm not going to 40, right now I can tell you that,” Hayes said with a smile. “I ain't got that Tom Brady in me. I'm 32. But I've got a lot of good years left in.”
And here's some more good news about Hayes.
He loves Miami. He loves Gase. He loves his teammates.
Hayes is trying not to make too many bold statements before the season even starts. But this is pretty bold: he's already decided he'd like to finish his career as a Dolphin.
“I'm happy,” Hayes said. “I want to spend the rest of my little career I've got left out here. And just give them everything I've got. I'm enjoying myself and having fun. It's a good situation.”
Linebacker Rey Maulauga to work out for Miami Dolphins
Why the Miami Dolphins are practicing with Philadelphia Eagles next week
Miami Dolphins CB Tony Lippett (torn achilles) out for season
Dolphins practice report: Jay Ajayi out of concussion protocol; Kenyan Drake in
Get Dolphins stories right to your Facebook by liking this page
Image copyright Google Image caption Inspectors have criticised Rabia Boys and Girls School in Luton
Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw has warned of gender segregation among teachers in Muslim independent schools.
Inspectors found male and female staff and governors were being divided in Luton's Rabia Boys and Girls School, said the education watchdog.
Last year, Sir Michael wrote to the education secretary with "serious concerns" about staff segregation.
But the Rabia school has strongly rejected the claims and said it was being "unfairly targeted".
Sir Michael has written to Education Secretary Nicky Morgan advising her that for the initial meeting with inspectors "the school insisted on segregating men and women through the use of a dividing screen across the middle of the room".
"This meeting was not carried out in a religious setting but in a classroom."
Sir Michael said inspectors, visiting the independent school earlier this month, "gathered evidence that male and female staff are segregated during whole-school staff training sessions".
"Male staff sit in one room and the session is simultaneously broadcast to female staff in another part of the school," he said.
Inspectors were so concerned, they told the school's proprietor "the school would remain in the inadequate category despite improvements being made elsewhere", said Sir Michael.
Such gender division is against equalities regulations and the requirement for "fundamental British values", he said.
Sir Michael said this requirement is being "flouted" by some independent schools.
"Any form of segregation, without a good educational reason, is likely to lead to an inadequate inspection judgement for leadership and management."
But the Rabia Education Trust has written to the education secretary rejecting Ofsted's claims as "inaccurate" and saying that the school had been "unfairly targeted and harassed".
The letter challenges the account of gender segregation of staff and says that it was unfair to suggest that the school was not meeting the British values requirement.
"We feel extremely disheartened and insecure about the fact that the goalposts are not clear and keep changing," said the trust's letter to the education secretary.
The private school was set up in 1996 to provide an Islamic education for young Muslims in Luton.
The report from inspectors said that such separation of male and female staff does not "demonstrate equality and respect".
But the school, which serves more than 300 pupils aged five to 16, was commended for providing a "good understanding of what it means to be a responsible citizen in modern, democratic Britain".
The inspection report says that pupils have a chance to engage with people from other religions and "pupils demonstrated tolerance of other people's ways of life, even when their own religion views these differently".
A Department for Education spokesman said "It is completely unacceptable for women to be treated less favourably than men, and the advice note we have received from Ofsted on Rabia Girls' and Boys' School is extremely concerning.
"We will consider carefully the inspection report on the school to determine what action to take against any potential breaches in the independent school standards."
Howdy, partners! I've got a lot of things to share with you today, so let's get cracking. I'll start with a question many of you have asked over the past month:
Is SteamWorld Heist successful?
Yes, it is! So far SteamWorld Heist is an even bigger success than SteamWorld Dig. Not just in terms of sales: Reviews and community feedback are through the roof!
At the time of writing SteamWorld Heist is tied with Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate for the highest rated 3DS game of 2015 (not counting remakes), according to Metacritic. We have no sales figures to share today, but rest assured we're very pleased with the numbers.
Before our inflated egos won't fit through the front door any more we'd like to thank you. Without your support this wouldn't have been possible!
SteamWorld Heist update
The first SteamWorld Heist update (containing the French, Italian, German, Spanish and Russian translations) was originally planned for release on Nintendo 3DS this month. Time constraints have pushed this forward a bit.
We're working hard to ensure it's downright excellent and expect to have the update out before you know it. To make up for the delay we're throwing in new surprises and lots of polish. Stay tuned!
We're leaving Instagram…
A new year often brings its healthy dose of changes. After reflecting on our social media activity of 2015 we realized we've been spreading ourselves too thin across one too many channels. This resulted in a lack of content and interactions with you.
So for 2016 we're switching things around. Here are the news that might affect you:
We're leaving Instagram to focus on our main channels (Twitter, YouTube and Facebook). We'll keep the account for now, but won't be active. We'll listen to and engage more actively with gamers on Reddit, NeoGAF, Miiverse and similar communities (we won't hijack every thread, don't worry). Video will play a bigger part in our community dialogue.
Full steam ahead!
So 2016 is off to a great start! We've got tons of stuff to share with you in the coming 12 months. Stuff like the next SteamWorld Heist platform(s), behind-the-scenes footage and a multitude of awesome surprises (some of which we aren't even aware of ourselves).
What do you want to see from us in 2016?
Let us know in the comments below!
Rising immigration, failed integration and the violent radicalization of a small minority of young Muslims have fueled the ascent of populist parties across Europe. Sweden is not immune, although it is different from its neighbors. Of all the Nordic countries, Sweden has the highest proportion of immigrants, and yet it has consistently registered the lowest level of support for nationalist, anti-immigration parties. That Swedish exceptionalism, however, is unlikely to last given the high levels of immigration and ongoing problems with integration.
Despite having less than 2 percent of the European Union's population, Sweden last year took in almost 20 percent of the EU's asylum seekers. Sweden has long had a generous approach to asylum seekers and immigrants, reflected in the fact that 15 percent of the population was born abroad and over 30 percent below the age of 18 were either born abroad or have at least one parent who was. ...
A naval officer was killed and two shipyard workers were injured on Friday in an accident involving the force's newest stealth destroyer, INS Kolkata, which was being tested at the Mazagon Dock Limited (MDL) in Mumbai.
Commander Kuntal Wadhwa, an engineering officer, died after he inhaled carbon dioxide.
Read: HT Edit | The Indian Navy is in really choppy waters
The mishap comes nine days after Admiral DK Joshi stepped down as navy chief, taking moral responsibility for the recent accidents. The BJP on Friday asked defence minister AK Antony to accept responsibility and step down, even as the government is yet to name Joshi's successor.
Joshi resigned on February 26, the day two officers were killed and seven sailors injured in an accident on-board INS Sindhuratna, the 11th mishap after the INS Sindhurakshak sank last August killing 18 personnel.
The carbon dioxide fire fighting system on the soon-to-be commissioned warship (currently designated Yard-12701) was being evaluated when the mishap occurred. “One of the valves on the carbon dioxide bottles malfunctioned leading to leakage of gas. The officer inhaled it,” a navy official said. Wadhwa wasn't wearing protective gear.
The navy has ordered a probe.
The Sindhuratna accident
The 6,800-tonne destroyer, part of navy's Project-15A, was to be inducted in March-end. But the accident could cast a shadow on the Rs 15,000-crore project, which is running four years behind schedule. It has recorded a cost escalation of 225%.
The MDL is building three destroyers under the project, with INS Kolkata being the lead ship of the class. Two other warships, INS Kochi and INS Chennai, are scheduled to be delivered by mid-2015.
The mishap has raised questions about the quality of workmanship at the yard. The MDL is building six Scorpene submarines under a Rs 23,562-crore project, codenamed P-75, which is five years behind schedule.
The defence ministry has attributed cost escalations in P-15A to delay in supply of steel by Russia, increased wages for Russian specialists and delays in the finalisation of costs of weapons and sensors.
In 2011, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) had slammed the work culture and functioning of defence public sector undertakings. It had also condemned the ministry and the navy for poor management of contracts and not taking steps to augment infrastructure at shipyards.
A navy official said the force could not be held responsible for the INS Kolkata mishap as the boat had not been handed over to it yet. Most of the recent accidents took place due to navigational errors, delay in awarding a dredging contract in Mumbai, deviation from standard operating procedures and component failures.
The accidents under Joshi's watch had not only tarnished his track record as chief but also complicated his relationship with the defence ministry.
Read: HT Edit | India's defence sector needs better working conditions
Read: In two years, navy may lose sub-sea edge over Pak
First Published: Mar 07, 2014 16:08 IST
By Anonymous on 18/Feb/2011
I'm really pleased to announce this year's global campaigning event for World Water Day, The World Walks for Water!
FAN is collaborating with End Water Poverty and WSSCC to bring thousands of grassroots activists together to stand up to governments across the globe and challenge them to end the water and sanitation crisis.
This crisis sees women walk 40 billion hours per year carrying water weighing 18 kg which is still not safe to drink. It causes death, disease, missed educations and missed lives.
We want to stand in solidarity with the women and children forced to walk such long distances and hours just to find water. So we're asking you to either organise, or join, a 6 km walk on World Water Day 2011, from 19-22 March 2011.
Or, you can register your walk on the website for fun and to make a difference too! We want you to use your walks to make noise and get attention. So dress up, invite the media, do something outrageous and above all - make it political.
Watch this video for inspiration:
Last year, hundreds of FAN members got involved with The World's Longest Toilet Queue in a fantastic day of action that saw 100,000 people take part in an amazing 80 countries around the world demonstrating what a massive impact we can make when we join forces and unite with one voice.
The event took place ahead of a key meeting in Washington DC of developing and developed country governments who then made commitments to make a difference. Like the effort of Burkina Faso's government which announced no new home in the country would be built without a toilet from then on.
Let's build on on our fantastic work so far and speak out loud and clear to the world's leaders again this year, please join in and get involved!
Find out more and get involved on the World Walks for Water website
Gerald Green has thrown down some incredible dunks and made some bonehead plays in the NBA. His brother, Garlon, just pulled off both in the same action.
Playing for the the Tigers Tübingen in Germany, Green's team found itself down 81-79 with a mere 0.4 seconds left on the clock. With opposing guard, Lucas Gertz, standing at the line to shoot a second free throw, Green sprinted in from the three-point line and threw down a fantastic putback…on the wrong basket.
Game over. Tigers lose by four. Watch for the reaction from his teammates:
Article continues below ...
Realistically, there's probably no way the Tigers could've even gotten a shot off. You have to imagine that's what was going through Green's mind on this one, but still, you should probably avoid intentionally scoring in the wrong basket. Even if the game is all but over, it's not the greatest look.
(h/t the Big Lead for the find)
I'm no expert on Aussie types and colors, but this is a general idea of what I gathered from the internet of typical coloring. I don't know what's "breed standard" or if all of these types are "showable" but I don't care, I just thought it would be fun to do this. Of course these patterns vary a LOT too!I love the variety in their eyes! They commonly have two different color eyes and even marbling!Despite the name, Australian Shepherds were not developed in Australia, but are believed to have been developed in the United States to herd Australian sheep!These dogs are extremely high energy and need hours of exercise a day. Arceo is almost seven years old and still acts like he did when he was a puppy. I have an active lifestyle, Arceo comes with me to work every day, gets two 1 mile walks a day, goes to the dog park, comes sailing with us and much more! Dogs are a huge part of my life and work, so I have more time than the average individual to care for him and keep him stimulated.I brush my Aussie with a slicker brush 5-7 times a week and still have fur all over my carpet!Basically they require a LOT of care and attention! They are EXTREMELY intelligent and can get bored really easily. That makes it typical for them to become defensive of territory and destructive to your home if not properly trained and kept busy! If you are thinking of getting one of these dogs, make sure they fit your lifestyle!Red tri is my favoriteAvailable on:
Iran's state television says an agreement for expanded monitoring has been reached in talks with the UN nuclear chief in a deal that could boost wider negotiations over Tehran's atomic programme.
The broadcaster said the deal was struck on Monday in talks with UN nuclear chief Yukiya Amano.
It is a so-called "roadmap'' that will give UN inspectors a broader reach, including access to a heavy water reactor under construction and a key uranium mine.
"The practical measures will be implemented in the next three months, starting from today," Aman said in a news conference in Tehran, broadcast on state television.
Amano's visit comes after efforts in Geneva over the weekend stalled on ways to ease Western concerns that Iran could one day produce nuclear weapons. Iran says its nuclear programme is peaceful..
The IAEA has complained about restrictions in access at some sites. Clearing the obstacles could be a major step towards a deal between Iran and world powers when negotiations resume next week.
French 'hopeful'
The French foreign minister said on Monday he was hopeful a deal could be reached with Iran over its nuclear programme, although Tehran still had to make an effort on a few points.
"We are not far from an agreement with the Iranians, but we are not there yet," Laurent Fabius told Europe 1 radio.
Some diplomats accused France of grandstanding during talks in Geneva at the weekend, something Fabius denied, saying Paris was not isolated but had an independent foreign policy.
Well known for his portrayal of “Lt. Dan” in “Forrest Gump,” actor and musician Gary Sinise was named an honorary U.S. Marine during a ceremony in Washington, D.C., on Friday, according to a statement released by the U.S. Marine Corps website.
“This was one of the most extraordinary nights,” Sinise said in the statement. “I was totally surprised by what the general gave me tonight. I'm humbled, shocked, moved and motivated to keep standing up for our men and women and giving back to them.”
Gen. James F. Amos, the Marine Corps' commandant, hosted the ceremony at his home at the Marine Barracks.
“There is little I can say to enhance the rich reputation Gary Sinise has earned, both in the spotlight as an immensely talented actor, and less conspicuously as a tireless advocate for our men and women in uniform,” Amos said in the statement. “What I can do, what I am privileged and proud to do, is to recognize this humble patriot's selfless service by making him an Honorary Marine.”
In addition to movies, Sinise, 58, has acted in TV shows including “CSI: New York,” and performs in his own band, The Lt. Dan Band. He is also the founder of the Gary Sinise Foundation, which “honors our defenders, veterans, first responders, their families, and those in need … by creating and supporting unique programs designed to entertain, educate, inspire, strengthen, and build communities,” according to the foundation's website.
In addition, because the owners of failing vehicles only have to spend $450 on repairs to obtain a conditional pass, about 18,000 vehicles were not fully repaired in 2011. For 25 per cent of the vehicles with partial repairs, the emissions readings for all pollutants were actually worse after the repair.
The Liberals introduced more stringent emissions testing in Ontario less than a month after the Auditor General released his report, which found that Drive Clean has had little to no impact on the reduction of emissions in Ontario and that the program has had a failure rate of less than 10% every year since 2004.
“Technology has improved to the point where Drive Clean has become redundant,” Harris said. “The Auditor General's findings clearly show that the Liberals should have begun phasing out the program long ago. Instead, in typical Liberal fashion, they have gone in the opposite direction, introducing an exacting new test that will only send the failure rate up.”
As if those inefficiencies weren't enough, new-car dealers are required to perform an emissions test on vehicles once they are relicensed for a second time, regardless if those vehicles are still under warranty. This added cost is most certainly passed on to the consumer in the pricing of the vehicle.
Despite the fact that Drive Clean has almost no impact on the reduction of emissions in Ontario, the program lives on. Perhaps the biggest success of Drive Clean has been its ability to generate revenue for the government, to the tune of $30 million annually, according to the auditor general's report.
It is totally unnecessary for late-model vehicles to have their emissions tested, but the government is only looking at increasing its revenue at the expense of car owners.
The Trillium Automobile Dealers Association has long been critical of Drive Clean. In light of the auditor general's report, our association is in favour of scrapping the program altogether (British Columbia will discontinue its Drive Clean program for light vehicles in 2014, and five U.S. states have already scrapped it).
This is the second part in an endless series of tutorials dealing with Multi-Touch Development in Python. If you have not read the first one yet, it can be found here.
In the last tutorial we made a really useless example, where every time each TUIO event happened, it would print out “Something left the table”, “Something moved on the table”, or “Something was placed on the table”. We are going to further extend this program to print out where it happened.
So, get started by firing up your editor and opening hellomt.py. If you are particularly fond of your first program, you can copy it and name it hellomt2.py, or whatever you want for that matter. No explanation of this program is needed, because you wrote it:)
If you noticed, common between all three callbacks is an argument that gets passed call blobID. blobID itself in an integer, which contains the blobID of the blob the callback is referring too. On every print line you wrote in the last tutorial, add this to the end:
+ str(blobID)
Now cd into the directory where the program lies, and run the program:
python ./hellomt.py
Now when you touch the surface it should print “Something was placed on the surface 1”. And every time you touch that number should increase. The blobID is the index of a list called blobs. You access blobs through the Observer. In this program the Observer is instantiated as ‘t', so you would access it as t.blobs. t.blobs is a list of TUIO2DCursor Objects. If you were to print t.blobs, each entry would look something like this:
<touch.Tuio2DCursor object at 0x823f36c>
If we poke around TouchPy a bit(or just pass t.blobs[blobID] through the dir() function, we can figure out that it has the following attributes:
[‘Height', ‘Width', ‘__class__', ‘__delattr__', ‘__dict__', ‘__doc__', ‘__getattribute__', ‘__hash__', ‘__init__', ‘__module__', ‘__new__', ‘__reduce__', ‘__reduce_ex__', ‘__repr__', ‘__setattr__', ‘__str__', ‘__weakref__', ‘_event_stack', ‘_get_handlers', ‘_raise_dispatch_exception', ‘blobID', ‘dispatch_event', ‘event', ‘mot_accel', ‘move', ‘oxpos', ‘oypos', ‘pop_handlers', ‘push_handlers', ‘register_event_type', ‘remove_handler', ‘remove_handlers', ‘set_handler', ‘set_handlers', ‘xmot', ‘xpos', ‘ymot', ‘ypos']
The only ones we really care about right now are xpos and ypos. In other tutorials we will get to more of them, such as Height, Width, xmot, ymot, and probably others as well. So, how do we get the x and y position of a blob? Like this:
x = t.blobs[blobID].xpos
y = t.blobs[blobID].ypos
If you understand this line then skip this paragraph. Otherwise, if you are still unclear(like I always was when I started Python), read on. This line accesses the List “blobs”(which is a list of TUIO2DCursor Objects, or pretty much its a list of blobs), that is inside the observer(named ‘t'). Because its a list, it has an index, and the index of the blob we want is blobID. That returns a TUIO2DCursor Object, which we take the xpos attribute of.
So, to print the x and y position of each blob, lets do this:
Replace your print line in touch_up with:
x = t.blobs[blobID].xpos
y = t.blobs[blobID].ypos
print ‘Touch Up at ‘ + str(x) + ‘ , ‘ + str(y)
Replace the print line in touch_move with:
x = t.blobs[blobID].xpos
y = t.blobs[blobID].ypos
print ‘Touch Up at ‘ + str(x) + ‘ , ‘ + str(y)
You should be able to figure out how to do the last one(touch_down).
When you run this program, each line should look like this, substituting Touch Up for the right event:
Touch Up at 0.478175550699 , 0.86176776886
If you look at those coordinates, evidently they are not pixel locations. To get decimal coordinates, multiply each x coordinate by the width of the screen, and each y coordinate by the height of the screen. Because I am anticipating people reading this guide will be running many different Operating Systems, I will not show any specific way to get the screen resolution, and have people hard code their screen resolution into the program. Make a global constant-tuple at the top of your program(anywhere before the callbacks is fine) with your screen dimensions. Mine looks like this:
screen_dimensions = (1280, 800)
Then in your callbacks on the lines that you calculate the X value, add this to the end:
*screen_dimensions[0]
Which is simply, multiply by the screens X dimensions. Do the same for the Y calculations, except multiply by the Height of the screen. Run your program, and observe the output.
Each line should look like this, substituting the correct event:
Touch Up at 832.000045776 , 49.9999940395
Now you have More accurate pixel coordinates, but you can't really put a dot half-way through a Pixel. Solve this by int-rounding each calculation. int-rounding is the name I made up for the process of rounding to the nearest whole floating number, then making this an integer. You do this by passing your calculation through int(round()). The X calculation would look like this:
x = int(round(t.blobs[blobID].xpos*screen_dimensions[0]))
Do this to all of the calculations, both x and y. Now running your program should yield results similar to these, substituting the correct event:
Touch Up at 922 , 492
Congratulations! You can now get X and Y position of events! In the next tutorial we will write a small program using Clutter to draw circles over all the blobs.
Advertisements
TALLAHASSEE — Florida's university system wants state lawmakers to holster the idea of allowing guns on campus.
A joint statement from the university system's Board of Governors, university police chiefs and the 12 public universities expresses opposition to a legislative proposal (SB 176 and HB 4005) that would allow people with concealed-firearms licenses to carry guns at state colleges and universities.
In the statement, the university system said "that removing that long-standing protection is contrary to the values we embrace and could create new challenges in our ability to provide a safe and secure learning environment."
The university system statement, released Thursday, came after the 12 universities expressed opposition to the proposal.
"Florida has long recognized the importance of protecting its students and the environment in which they learn by prohibiting firearms in university facilities," the statement reads. "The State University System of Florida is similarly committed to the safety and security of all students, which is why university law enforcement officers have received extensive training on how to minimize harm in crisis scenarios."
The Senate version of the legislation will receive an initial test Monday, when it goes before the Senate Criminal Justice Committee. Sen. Greg Evers, a Baker Republican who chairs the committee, is sponsoring the bill.
Supporters of the proposal were not surprised by the university system's stance.
"I find their statement more political that factual," National Rifle Association lobbyist Marion Hammer said in an email Friday.
Erek Culbreath, president of Students for Concealed Carry at Florida State University, said in an email that his group has received "massive, albeit tacit," support from the law enforcement community.
"With the progun stance of most of Florida's sheriffs and officers, we know that this is not reflective of the beliefs of most officers," Culbreath wrote.
FSU has been at the center of much of the debate after an on-campus shooting in November left three people wounded. The gunman, an FSU graduate, was killed by police.
FSU president John Thrasher, a Second Amendment proponent, has publicly maintained his opposition to the proposal, reflecting a stance he took when he was a member of the Legislature.
In 2011, then-Sen. Thrasher was able to block a similar measure following the death of FSU student Ashley Cowie.
Cowie, 20, was at a fraternity party when a gun held by another FSU student accidentally discharged, sending a bullet through her chest. Her father, Robert, a Jacksonville resident and friend of Thrasher, traveled to Tallahassee to lobby against the bill, arguing that putting guns in an area where drugs and alcohol are commonly used would make campuses more dangerous.
Culbreath said in the email he doesn't think the public stance from the university system and campus police chiefs should derail this year's legislative efforts.
"The facts of the benefits of concealed carry are well-known, and this is why we have seen campus carry laws spreading across the country this session, from Texas to Montana," Culbreath wrote. "The reality is the university leadership in its backward and disproven gun stance is on the wrong side of history."
The proposal is one of two gun-related measures that will go before the Senate Criminal Justice Committee on Monday.
Also up is a second attempt (SB 290) by Sen. Jeff Brandes, R-St. Petersburg, to allow Floridians to carry concealed weapons without licenses during times of mandatory emergency evacuations.
Brandes proposed a similar bill last year, but it failed to pass after heavy floor debate on the second-to-last day of the 2014 session.
The Senate guns-on-campus bill must clear four committees to reach the floor. The House version of the proposal was approved last month by the House Criminal Justice Subcommittee on a party-line vote, with Democrats opposed. It now awaits an appearance before the Higher Education and Workforce Subcommittee.
The furor over the Kansas State band's Starship Enterprise formation on Saturday has taken another turn. If you believe in the Wildcat faithful, it would be considered one for the good of director Dr. Frank Tracz and the school band.
For the backstory, click here. In short, the band's effort at halftime of the South Dakota game was found to be inappropriate by some, leading to sanctions against Dr. Tracz and a $5,000 fine.
The Starship Enterprise formation was found to have an off-color scene that involved some band members in the shape of rival Kansas' Jayhawk mascot.
Article continues below ...
After a social media furor, K-State took the following actions:
■ A self-imposed $5,000 fine to be paid to the Big 12 Conference for violation of the league sportsmanship policy.
■ A single-game suspension for Tracz. The suspension will take place on Nov. 28, the game at Kansas.
■ Prior approval for the content of all band halftime shows by representatives from the Office of Student Life and the Athletic Department.
The community was not about to let Tracz — known as "DT" — absorb the financial hit and it went to Gofundme to raise the money to offset the fine.
In one day, more than $12,000 had been raised through donations.
The planned closure of a wind turbine manufacturing facility on England's Isle of Wight moved several workers to seize control of the plant on Monday night.
[Update: July 21, 11:36pm GMT: Since workers first seized the plant on Monday night, 5 more workers slipped police lines to join the 25 workers already occupying the administrative offices at a Vestas Wind Systems plant on the Isle of Wight. Some food also made it inside, but police reportedly now have that route blocked.]
According to reports, 25 workers facing imminent termination at a shuttering wind turbine plant entered the administrative offices of the Vestas Wind Systems factory in Newport, Isle of Wight, at around 7:30 on Monday night. The workers vowed to remain there until the government discusses their proposal to save it from closure by nationalizing the plant.
The workers, who recently learned the plant could be shutting any day, called on the UK Government to take over the plant and back-up their rhetorical support for creating green collar jobs by saving these existing ones.
“It would be tiny step financially to keep this factory open,” said one worker from inside the factory. “But it would be a huge statement about the government's commitment to the green economy. Just as they could not afford to let the banks fail, they can't afford to let this fail. It's about the history of humanity.”
The plant, which was once slated to begin testing of the world's longest wind turbine blade, and another one in Southhampton, were scheduled to shut down back in April when Vestas officials said sinking demand in the U.K. was forcing the closure. Together, the two facilities employ 625 people, but without more buyers in the U.K. Vestas was finding it increasingly difficult to justify the cost of keeping the plants open.
Vestas chief executive Ditlev Engel told The Guardian that building wind turbines in Britain was “extremely time-consuming and extremely complicated”. He added: “In the UK NIMBYism is a huge challenge.”
As Vestas employees began arriving for work on Tuesday morning, police turned away all but senior management, effectively locking out any other workers. Police said they had no intention of forcibly removing the protesters.
Image courtesy of Vestas Wind Systems A/S
I'm a label reader from way back, and I've always been particularly fascinated by steak sauce labels. They have the craziest laundry lists of ingredients ranging from molasses and pureed whole orange, to tamarind, clove, and dates. I've wanted to try to make my own version of A1 sauce for a while now, and when I got the chance to work with Freund Containers on a homemade holiday gift using one of their products I jumped at the chance. They've got the perfect steak sauce bottles, and I know the meat lovers on my list will appreciate this so much more than a plate of cookies. At the end of this post there's a giveaway for $100 worth of Freund's products, so be sure to enter. They sell literally any kind of bottle or container you can imagine, so you can find the perfect packaging for your homemade gifts this year.
Steak sauce is one of the most powerfully flavored sauces you'll ever taste. That's why I love it. It has complex, almost Byzantine layers of flavor. To formulate this recipe I just dove in head first, after carefully studying the labels of a couple of my favorite sauces, of course, and gathered up a bunch of likely ingredients. I added a few of my own ideas for good measure, like pomegranate juice and pomegranate molasses. My method was pretty casual, I just started adding and tasting until I got it exactly right. I wasn't sure it was going to work at first, but the more I pressed on, the closer I got. I actually prefer my version to A1, which is pretty amazing. I know some people think it a sacrilege to use steak sauce on a good steak, and to those I would say… then use it on a good hamburger…but don't pass this up.
The process is surprisingly simple — cook the ingredients for a short bit to combine them well, puree, and then strain. I started with a whole orange that is boiled to remove any excess bitterness in the peel, and then pureed. The result is an unusual flavor component. You can adjust the amount of any of the ingredients to your taste, but I encourage you to taste it as it is first. I know it seems like an unlikely grouping, but the flavors combine to form a unique sweet, sour, tangy, umami experience. I had almost all of the ingredients already in the house, I had to buy the dates and the pomegranate juice, that's all. (You can substitute raisins or prunes for the dates.)
This is a really fun project, and if you like steak sauce, I think you'll love it.
Print Homemade Steak Sauce Rate this recipe 1 2 3 4 5 0 ratings Yield: makes about 1 1/2 cups Ingredients 1 organic orange (for 2 heaping Tbsp puree, instructions below)
6 oz can of tomato paste
1 cup water
1/4 cup pomegranate juice
6 dates, pitted and chopped
1 Tbsp pomegranate molasses
3 Tbsp malt vinegar
1 Tbsp Worcestershire sauce
1 Tbsp tamarind paste
1 Tbsp soy sauce
1/2 tsp salt
1 clove garlic, peeled and chopped
1 Tbsp Dijon mustard
1 tsp hot chili sauce (I used Sriracha)
1/4 tsp ground cloves
1/4 tsp celery seed Instructions To make the orange puree, wash the orange well, and then put it in a pot and cover it with water. Bring to a boil and boil for 10 minutes. Remove the orange and cut in quarters, Remove any seeds, and then put the rest, peel and all, into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Pulse and then puree until the orange is smooth. One large orange will make enough puree for approximately 6 bottles of sauce. Set aside 2 heaping tablespoons of the puree for this recipe. Put everything else into am enameled or non-reactive pot, along with the 2 tablespoons of orange puree, and bring to a simmer. Simmer the sauce, stirring often, for about 5-7 minutes. Taste the sauce to determine if and how you want to adjust the seasonings. This sauce has more body and is less tart than A1. You can add more water to thin, and more vinegar for more tang, if you like. Cool the sauce and pour into a bottle. Refrigerate and use within 3 months. This recipe can be multiplied for larger amounts. 4.36 *Recipe from [The View from Great Island|http://theviewfromgreatisland.com] All images and content are copyright protected. If you want to use this recipe, please link back to this page.
The bottles that I got from Freund really made this sauce gift worthy. I think this is such a great idea for those of you who want to go beyond the plate of cookies this year.
GIVEAWAY
This giveaway is for three $100 gift certificate to Freund Container & Supply. Gift certificate will expire on February 28, 2014. Gift certificate is a one-time use certificate and must be used in its entirety; any leftover monies on the gift certificate will be forfeited. This giveaway is open to both US and Canadian residents. However, it should be noted that due to current International shipping rates, any Canadian winners will pay higher shipping costs for orders. This giveaway will run from Friday November 22, 2013 through Saturday November 30, 2013 (11:59 pm ET). Winner will be notified within 48 hours of the close of this contest, and given 48 hours to respond before a new winner is chosen.
To enter: (mandatory) Answer this question in the comments on this post – Which Freund product would you choose, and what type of handcrafted holiday project would you make? Be sure to record your answer in the rafflecopter widget after you've left your comment.
(optional) Once you've completed the mandatory entry, there a bunch more ways to earn more entries via rafflecopter.
a Rafflecopter giveaway
Freund Container & Supply has been helping build businesses since 1938 as the largest distributor of glass bottles, containers and wholesale packaging supplies online. Freund offers over 5,000 items in stock every day, 98% same day shipping and low-price guarantees. Take a look atFreund's wide selection of jars, tins, bottles and vials for all your crafting and food related needs!
Handcrafted Holiday ideas for making gifts from your kitchen using products from Freund Container:
*I was not compensated for this post, however Freund Container supplied me with a case of jars/bottles for making this project. They are also supplying the gift certificates for the giveaway. All opinions are my own.
Michael Santorelli (born December 14, 1985) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He played with Genève-Servette HC of the National League A and in the National Hockey League with the Nashville Predators, Florida Panthers, Winnipeg Jets, Vancouver Canucks, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Anaheim Ducks.
Santorelli was drafted by Predators in the sixth round, 178th overall, in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He began his professional career with Nashville's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals. An AHL All-Star in 2009, Santorelli tied a Skills Competition record by going four for four in the accuracy competition. After two seasons of splitting time between Nashville and Milwaukee, he was traded to the Florida Panthers in exchange for a fourth-round draft pick in 2011. He had his best season as a professional in his first season with Florida, scoring 20 goals and 41 points. After struggling in his next season-and-a-half, Santorelli was claimed on waivers by the Winnipeg Jets. Following the completion of his contract, he signed as a free agent with the Vancouver Canucks. Santorelli continued his journeyman status with stints in Toronto and Anaheim, as well as a brief return to Nashville in the following years.
Prior to his professional career, Santorelli played college hockey with the Northern Michigan University Wildcats. While there, he was named to the CCHA All-Rookie Team in 2005, the All-CCHA First Team in 2007 and won multiple team awards.
Playing career [ edit ]
Amateur [ edit ]
Santorelli began his junior A ice hockey career playing for the Langley Hornets in the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL). Following his first year, where he scored 24 goals and 52 points, Santorelli was traded to the Vernon Vipers in exchange for cash. Playing for Vernon, Santorelli scored 43 goals and 96 point in 60 games. He played in the BCHL All-Star Game and was named the team's Most Valuable Player (MVP). His play earned him a scholarship to play college hockey for Northern Michigan University (NMU).[1] During the off-season, Santorelli was selected 178th overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft by the Nashville Predators.[2]
In his first season with the NMU Wildcats, Santorelli led the Central Collegiate Hockey Association (CCHA) in freshman goal scoring with 16, while finishing third on the team with 30 points. For his performance, Santorelli was named to the CCHA All-Rookie Team.[3] In the 2005 CCHA Tournament, the Wildcats defeated Western Michigan in the first round, but were eliminated by Alaska-Fairbanks in the second round.[4] Santorelli did not score in the three-game first round series, but recorded a power play assist in the elimination game.[5] In his sophomore season, Santorelli increased his point total to 33, though he scored one fewer goal.[6] Finishing fourth in the Conference, NMU earned a first round bye for the 2006 CCHA Tournament. The Wildcats defeated Nebraska–Omaha in the quarterfinals, but lost their next game to top-seeded Miami University. By virtue of losing in the semi-finals, NMU qualified for the consolation game, where they were defeated by the University of Michigan.[7] For his part Santorelli recorded a goal and two assists in the tournament.[8][9][10]
As a junior, Santorelli had a breakout season, scoring 30 goals and 47 points. He led the Conference in goals and also led the Wildcats in points and plus-minus rating, with +6. At the end of the year, he was named to the All-American West Second Team and the All-CCHA First Team. NMU also awarded him the Gary Emmons Most Valuable Player Award, the Bill Joyce Best Forward Award and the Steve Bozek Plus-Minus Award.[11] Despite Santorelli's strong season, the Wildcats finished in tenth place in the CCHA. At the 2007 CCHA Tournament, NMU faced seventh-placed Ohio State University in a best-of-three first round series. Facing elimination after a 6–2 loss, the Wildcats blew a two-goal first period lead, eventually going into overtime.[12][13] Three minutes and 15 into the extra session, Santorelli set-up Dusty Collins for the game winning goal, forcing a third and deciding game.[14] NMU won the third game and advanced to the quarterfinals, where they then lost to the University of Michigan.[12] Santorelli finished tournament play with two goals and one assist in five games.[13][15][16]
Professional [ edit ]
After his junior year, Santorelli signed a three-year, entry-level contract with the Nashville Predators.[11] He began his professional career in the 2007–08 season playing for Nashville's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals. In 80 games, Santorelli scored 21 goals and 42 points.[6] Milwaukee finished fourth in the West Division and qualified for the playoffs.[17] In the post-season, the Admirals were eliminated in the first round by the Chicago Wolves.[18] Santorelli played in all six games of the series, but failed to register any points.[6]
The following season, he was joined on the team by his younger brother Mark, who had been a fourth-round draft pick of the Predators. It marked the first time the brothers were on the same team together.[19] Santorelli started the season strong, posting a 14-game point streak. In December, he scored 23 points in 14 games, which tied him for second in the AHL. For his efforts, he was named CCM/AHL Player of the Month.[20] Shortly after earning the accolade, he was called up by the Predators to the NHL, and made his debut on January 8, 2009, against the Pittsburgh Penguins.[21] After playing six games without recording a point, he was reassigned to the Admirals.[22] In the AHL, Santorelli was named to the 2009 All-Star Classic.[23] At the All-Star skills competition, Santorelli tied an AHL record by going four for four in the accuracy shooting event.[24] In the All-Star Game, Santorelli finished as a –7 in a 14–11 Canadian AHL All-Stars loss.[25] Santorelli finished the year with 27 goals and 70 points in 70 games with Milwaukee and played one more game for Nashville, recording two penalty minutes in seven games.[6] The Admirals won the West Division and faced the Rockford IceHogs in the first round.[26][27] The Admirals defeated Rockford and advanced to the second round, where they lost to the Houston Aeros in seven games.[27] Santorelli was a point-per-game player in the playoffs, scoring 11 points in 11 games.[6]
He began the 2009–10 season with the Predators, playing five games before being sent down to Milwaukee.[28] He was recalled 10 days later and scored his first career NHL goal on October 28, 2009 against the Minnesota Wild goaltender Niklas Bäckström.[29][30] He continued to bounce in between Nashville and Milwaukee for the remainder of the season, registering 3 points in 25 games for the Predators and 59 points in 57 games with the Admirals.[6][29] He joined Milwaukee for their playoffs, where they were eliminated in the first round by the Wolves, with Santorelli scoring 3 goals and seven points in the seven game series.[6][31] In the off-season Nashville extended Santorelli a qualifying offer making him a restricted free agent.[32] After being qualified Santorelli was traded to the Florida Panthers for a conditional fifth round pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, which was eventually upgraded to a fourth round selection.[33][34] After acquiring him Florida signed Santorelli to a one-year contract.[35]
In Florida Santorelli was expected to play a similar role with the Panthers as he did with the Predators, a player who split time between the minors and played a fourth line role.[36] In the preseason Santorelli beat out Michael Grabner and was given an opportunity to play on a scoring line with David Booth and Rostislav Olesz for the 2010–11 season.[36][37] With the increased playing time and responsibility Santorelli set career highs in Games played, goals, assists, and points. Playing in all 82 games he recorded 20 goals and 41 points.[6] Florida finished the season as the last place team in the Southeast Division and 28th in the league.[38] In the off-season the Panthers re-signed Santorelli to a two-year contract.[39] The following season he sustained a shoulder injury in a preseason game and missed the beginning of the season.[40] Upon his return he struggled to record only 11 points in 60 games and was occasionally made a healthy scratch.[41] The Panthers made the playoffs for the first time in 12 years, but Santorelli did not play in any of their playoff games.[41][42] At the end of the season he was placed on waivers, allowing any team to claim his contract rights.[43] Santorelli cleared waivers the following day and remained with the Panthers.[44]
Prior to the start of the 2012–13 season the NHL's collective bargaining agreement expired and the owners enforced a lockout.[45] During the lockout Santorelli signed with Tingsryds AIF in Sweden's second highest division the HockeyAllsvenskan, with whom his brother played.[46] He played just four games with Tingsryds recording one assist before leaving the team due to a disagreement with their head coach.[47] Following the conclusion of the lockout he re-joined the Panthers. After playing 24 games in the shortened season registering two goals and an assist he was placed on waivers and claimed by the Winnipeg Jets.[48] He recorded one assist in 10 games with the Jets.[6] A free agent at season's end Santorelli signed with his hometown Vancouver Canucks.[49]
After one season with the Canucks, who failed to make the playoffs, Santorelli signed a one-year, $1.5 million contract with the Toronto Maple Leafs on July 3, 2014.[50]
With the Leafs slipping down the standings, and setting their eyes on rebuilding, Santorelli was traded to Nashville, along with Cody Franson, in exchange for a 1st round pick, Brendan Leipsic, and Olli Jokinen.[51] This marked both Santorelli's and Franson's second tenure with Nashville. Santorelli scored his first career playoff goal in Game 2 of Nashville's Western Conference Quarter Finals series against the Chicago Blackhawks.
Following the 2014–15 season, Santorelli became an unrestricted free agent. On August 17, 2015, he signed a one-year contract with the Anaheim Ducks.[52]
After 7 seasons within the NHL, Santorelli left North America as a free agent, signing a two-year contract with Swiss club, Genève-Servette HC of the NLA on July 28, 2016.[53] He made his NLA debut on September 9, 2016 against Fribourg-Gottéron and scored his first NLA goal that same day, tying the game late in the third period. After only 6 games in the 2016-17 season, Santorelli sustained an injury in practice and missed the next 4 games. On October 1, 2016, it was announced that Santorelli would leave Genève-Servette after only 6 games for personal reasons.[54] It was later announced that Santorelli was suffering from nagging injuries which would not allow him to return to the game. He eventually announced his retirement from professional hockey.
Career statistics [ edit ]
Awards and honours [ edit ]
United States intelligence has collected social media posts suggesting Muhsin al-Fadhli, a veteran al Qaeda operative who led the notorious Khorasan Group, was killed in Monday's airstrikes, national security adviser Susan Rice said Wednesday.
His death, however, has not been independently verified, she added.
“We can't confirm that at this stage,” Rice said during an interview with NBC News. “But we've seen reports on social media to that effect. We will continue to look for signs as to whether or not that's, in fact, the case.”
The death of al-Fadhli, whom Rice described as “a dangerous operative,” would be a coup for the United States. The U.S. has prioritized eliminating members of the core al Qaeda leadership following the Sept. 11 terror attacks.
Al-Fadhli was one of a small group who knew about the attacks on the Pentagon and World Trade Center before they occurred, according to a report from the United Nations. The State Department has offered a $7 million bounty for information leading to his capture.
"He was the bodyguard and second-in-command for a leader in the al Qaeda network and fought for al Qaeda in the north of Afghanistan," according to a U.N. document. "Al-Fadhli also fought against Russian forces in Chechnya, where he trained in the use of firearms, anti-aircraft guns and explosives. Al-Fadhli was a facilitator connected with the al-Zarqawi groups in Iraq, providing support to fighters there."
Rice said Wednesday that the administration believed that airstrikes targeting the Khorasan Group had “an important impact” but that the U.S. could not yet fully quantify how much damage was done.
“We have something we call battle damage assessment, which is a rolling assessment of the impact of our strikes,” she said. “I think the first instance, we feel very good about our success. But we'll continue to take a look, and we'll be doing more.”
The strikes hit the group's training camps, an explosive and munitions factory, a communications building and command and control facilities, the Pentagon said Tuesday.
Maryland parents are under investigation by Children's Protective Services (CPS) for allowing their 10-year-old daughter and 6-year-old son to walk from a local park to their home through a suburban community.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv told the Washington Post that they gave Rafi and Dorva permission to make the one-mile trek from Woodside Park in Silver Spring, Md., on a Saturday afternoon (Dec. 20).
The kids made it halfway home when police picked them up, based on a phone call from a concerned neighbor. Ravi explained to the authorities that his mother allows him and his sister to walk around the neighborhood unaccompanied by an adult, but police insisted on driving the children home.
The Meitivs were dismayed when the police showed up at their door. They told the Post that they put a lot of thought and care into their parenting decisions and were specifically trying to give their children opportunities for independence.
“The world is actually even safer than when I was a child, and I just want to give them the same freedom and independence that I had — basically an old-fashioned childhood,” Danielle, who works as a climate-science consultant, shared with the Post. “I think it's absolutely critical for their development — to learn responsibility, to experience the world, to gain confidence and competency.”
The Meitivs' approach is often referred to as free-range parenting, a term coined by Lenore Skenazy, a Manhattan mom and author of the book Free Range Kids, who made newspaper headlines when she sent her son alone on the New York subway at age 9 in April 2008.
While some parents these days believe their kids are growing up in a scary world, Skenazy argues that raising children in the United States now isn't more dangerous than it was when today's generation of parents were young.
“We think that any time children are unsupervised, they are in danger,” Skenazy, who'll be hosting the new Discovery Life channel TV show World's Worst Mom, debuting Thursday. “This is a totally new way of looking at childhood, and the world.”
“Thanks to a crime rate that is the lowest in 40 or 50 years, our kids today are actually more safe than we were when we ran around as kids,” she adds. “And yet no one arrested our parents for letting us play.
“It is the new belief that “if a child is not 100 percent supervised, he is in 100-percent danger” that is driving this corrosive, crazy idea that kids can not do anything on their own.
“What's more, the idea that the state cares more about our kids than we do is bizarre. Yes, I do want the state to step in in cases of starving, beating or pimping out kids — but not when there's an issue of ‘tsk tsk.' That's not a parenting style I'd do with my own kids.”
After the Meitivs received an earful from police about the dangers unaccompanied children might face in the neighborhood, Montgomery County Child Protective Services knocked on the door and told the parents they were being investigated for neglect.
Mary Anderson, a spokeswoman for CPS, told the Post that she can't comment on the issue but said “that neglect investigations typically focus on questions of whether there has been a failure to provide proper care and supervision.”
The series of events that unfolded with CPS were one big nightmare. Alexander, who works as a physicist at the National Institutes of Health, had no choice but to sign a document saying he wouldn't leave his children unsupervised until Monday or else his kids would be taken away. The children were interviewed by CPS at the school and the parents didn't find out until after the fact from the principal. CPS asked for a look inside the family's home and Danielle refused. The agency later agreed to meet with her and her husband next week at a CPS office.
Many Post readers are enraged by the Meitivs' situation and the story has nearly 2,000 comments.
“Independence and self-reliance are two of he most important skills any parent can teach their child,” one reader wrote in. “Your children are lucky to have the two of you as their parents.”
“I'm the last person to suggest filing a lawsuit as a means to solve a problem that doesn't need to go that far, but Montgomery County CPS needs to be hit hard for antagonizing this family for the criminal offense of, let's see now, oh yes, good parenting,” another suggested. “Some of the greatest memories of my youth came on the day I was in D.C. on vacation from Atlanta with my dad. We had been here before. He gave me eight hours to go explore DC on my own. He had taught me how to buy Metro fair, read the maps, and navigate the city. I think I was maybe 12 at the time. That was my first real day of self reliance and I'll never forget it. About 30 years later, I moved up here!”
I'm also angry. These parents made a conscientious decision to give their children the opportunity to be independent and build much-needed real-life skills and they've been unfairly penalized. Danielle shared with the Post that her kids had been working their way up to this big one-mile walk, and making shorter treks to the library and a nearby 7-11. She allowed her children to walk from the park home because she knew they were ready for the responsibility. What's more, it's an important to keep in mind that one of these children was 10 years old, likely in the fourth or fifth grade. Kids that age are smart, savvy and know to not accept candy from strangers.
When I was in the second grade living with my parents in Los Gatos, Calif., I started walking home from school. After the final bell rang, my spindly 8-year-old legs carried me two miles from Daves Avenue Elementary School to my home where my mom was waiting for me. I walked with a pack of kids: Carol, Amy, Christina, Kenny. Along the way we collected sticks and rocks, blew the fuzz off dandelions, and stuffed our pockets with roly-polies.
On these walks, I learned how to outrun fierce guard dogs and hop over King Snakes basking in the sun. I learned how to ask strangers gardening in their front yards if I could pick cherries from their trees. I gained independence, confidence, and basic survival skills. Today's kids deserve to be given the same freedom. I'm a hopeful CPS will realize the Meitivs were making a good parenting decision when they gave their children to walk home alone.
Do you have a parenting story to share with the Mommy Files? Please send your ideas and personal accounts to moms@sfgate.com.
Brazilian police arrested the chief executives of construction giants Odebrecht and Andrade Gutierrez Friday, the latest fallout from a politically charged corruption scandal at state oil firm Petrobras.
In a sting operation involving 220 agents across four states, law enforcement officers detained chief executives Marcelo Odebrecht and Otavio Azevedo, along with seven other people, and served warrants or court orders for more than 80 others believed to be involved in a decade-long kickbacks scheme at Petrobras.
"We have no doubt that Odebrecht and Andrade Gutierrez led a cartel scheme within Petrobras," prosecutor Carlos dos Santos Lima told a press conference.
More from GlobalPost: 3 big takeaways from the shakeup at Brazil's Petrobras oil company
Prosecutors say Petrobras executives colluded with construction companies to massively overbill the oil giant for projects and use part of the money to bribe politicians and parties, including the ruling Workers' Party.
Petrobras, the largest company in the world's seventh-largest economy, estimates the scheme cost it more than $2 billion.
Dos Santos Lima said investigators had proof of a sophisticated payment scheme involving former Petrobras executives in Switzerland, Monaco and Panama.
Andrade Gutierrez, an infrastructure and logistics firm with operations in 40 countries, confirmed Azevedo's arrest.
Odebrecht, a construction giant with turnover of $40 billion last year, released a statement acknowledging the police operations at its offices in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro and calling the arrest warrants "unnecessary."
Both firms are major players in construction projects for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Andrade Gutierrez is working on the Olympic park, while Odebrecht is building a new subway line and renovating the city's port zone.
Executives in Brazil's construction sector, which has been badly damaged by the scandal, have warned the sweeping anti-corruption probe could lead to huge losses and layoffs, increasing the pain of an economy already facing a recession this year.
"We don't want to obstruct these companies' business or halt the market in any way as certain terrorist statements by the executives have sometimes indicated," said Dos Santos Lima.
The heads of five other companies have already been arrested in the corruption probe, known as "Operation Car Wash."
Two governors, 13 senators and 22 congressmen are also under investigation.
9 Tips for Greater Social Media Security
After a few hackers “Had it their way” with Burger King's Twitter handle, we started thinking that password security is a big deal, and not everyone's doing it right. Here are a few simple steps that can help you avoid a situation that would be, well, a whopper (#groan) of a public relations nightmare.
Here are nine easy ways to make sure that no unwanted guests can get into your accounts:
Get Weird
In social media you often have many users accessing one channel. The uniqueness of your password can make it more difficult for passwords to be compromised even if a co-worker's computer or network is. The weirder the better.
Think Like 007
If you don't need the password you shouldn't have it. End of story.
So Fresh and So Safe
Changing your passwords at least once a quarter helps make them less susceptible to attack. Be sure to keep passwords documented somewhere safe in the event that your security measures foil your own log-in attempts.
Know Who's in the Know
When employee turnover happens, passwords should be changed. All users with brand passwords should be accounted for. That way if the Tweet heard 'round the world should come from your account, you know exactly who to call.
!+L+f+2 = Password
Have a formula. Knowing what makes a secure password will help you keep your accounts safe, while at the same time not turning your account into the WWII German enigma machine.
Have It Your Way
Customize passwords for brands and even different accounts. In the event that you are compromised, having different passwords for different accounts will keep you from getting shut down completely.
Use a Content Management System
Systems like HootSuite, Expion, and Vitrue all offer access to social channels without the need for the channel's password. In the event that a CMS password is compromised, access can be restricted to that user without the need for a major password overhaul.
Know Where You're Connected
Be sure that you are aware of apps that connect to your social networks. If passwords change, many times these apps will continue to work because you've granted them permissions.
Manage Admin Roles on Facebook
Closely control the password to the personal account that has admin access to your business or brand page(s). It's not necessary to make everyone who touches your Facebook page an administrator or even the same level of administrator. Admin roles are listed below.
*Bonus tip
It's important to note that only the manager-level admin can control other admin roles. There should only be one account with manager-level admin access. Ignoring this tip could lead to your being locked out of your brand page. If another manager-level admin removes your admin access, you could be locked out permanently.
Need to remove an admin? Follow the steps below.
Click Edit Page
Select the name of the admin you wish to remove and click the [X] next to his or her name
Click Save to process your removal
Enter your password and click Confirm to confirm the removal
Follow our quick steps above and you should be able to avoid the type of king-sized mess that Burger King found itself in.
Thank you for your help!
What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time
Barack Obama and Mitt Romney's presidential campaigns are ramping up use of internet technologies to track voters despite evidence that most Americans are uncomfortable with the practice.
With three weeks until the election, new data reveal that both campaigns have deployed an unprecedented number of online tracking tools on their websites. These tools can be used to create profiles about people's internet habits and target them with personalised ads when they visit other websites.
BarackObama.com hosted 160 unique tracking technologies on its site from May until August, according to Ghostery, a firm that monitors online tracking. MittRomney.com had 110 unique tracking technologies over the same period.
“The presidential campaigns are digging much deeper – or at least casting a wider net – than a typical site,” said Andy Kahl at Ghostery. “With such aggressive ad campaigns that span such a relatively short amount of time, both camps endeavour to leave no stone unturned.”
US presidential campaigns have historically served as testbeds for new advertising techniques and often influence corporate marketing strategies across the globe.
The Democratic and Republican campaigns use third-party data-tracking companies that also work for commercial clients which could potentially reuse the information. Data about voters' visits to political sites could be incorporated into tracking companies' consumer dossiers.
“Ad networks aren't only interested in political affiliation during the presidential campaign,” Mr Kahl said. “Online data collectors are positioning themselves for landslide wins.”
In depth US elections 2012 Republican candidate Mitt Romney takes on President Barack Obama in the race for the White House
Neither campaign flags the tracking on its homepage, but both disclose the practice in their privacy policies.
The Obama campaign said on Friday that it stipulates that third-party partners not use data collected on its site for other purposes.
“We are committed to ensuring that all of our voter outreach is governed by the highest ethical standards,” said the Romney campaign, adding it ““respects the privacy rights of all Americans”.
Just over half of adults likely to vote in November were unaware that political campaigns were using such tracking technologies, according to a poll conducted in September by research firm Toluna. Sixty per cent of those polled said they were uncomfortable with the practice.
The Obama and Romney campaigns are also sending targeted emails, but the Obama campaign appears to be tapping more sophisticated personalisation technologies, according to an analysis by email marketer StrongMail. On Thursday, Amanda Orr, a voter based in Washington, received an email from the Obama campaign embedded with names of three Facebook friends who live in North Carolina, urging her to encourage them to vote.
“We have to, as a society, have a debate about the boundaries we want to place around political communication and data mining,” said Joseph Turow, a professor at the Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania.
Political data mining has reached a high as US lawmakers and foreign regulators have become increasingly concerned about digital privacy. In February, the Obama administration unveiled a “Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights” to provide more protections for consumers and pledged to work with Congress to develop more robust privacy legislation.
“American consumers can't wait any longer for clear rules of the road that ensure their personal information is safe online,” Mr Obama said in a statement at the time. “As the Internet evolves, consumer trust is essential for the continued growth of the digital economy. That's why an online privacy Bill of Rights is so important.”
Morello
Morello
"Admittedly, the role and abilities do have overlap - this is true. The disagreement we have is that this actually matters much when it comes to gameplay.
But abilities being unique is what makes champions different! If they're the same, then the champions are the same. This can be a way to make champions different, but not the only way. What's important is the play pattern and ways the champions feel.
Isn't that defined in the abilities? Abilities are part of the equation, but not the entirety. For example, on paper, Cassopia's Q and Karthus' Q are very similar abilities - short cooldown, small dealyed blast AOEs, though I'd argue Cass and Karthus have different play patterns in how both of them are used within the context to their kits. For Casseopia, it sets up combos via her real damage source, Twin Fangs. For Karthus, it's a ranged damage tool and you spend your effort maximizing if you can hit a single target to get greater focused damage on it instead of comboing it. This is what defines a play pattern.
Well sure, but that example is one ability. This is a lot of them! The comparison here still holds up though - "an AOE that heals" is pretty substantially different when one of them is an 800 range skill shot poke, and it's only AOE if you evolve it. Comparing that to Rengar's Roar is like comparing Amumu's ult to Zyra's - the specifics here really matter for how the skill actually plays once you get into game. This applies to all Kha'Zix's abilities, including the importance and tuning of Isolation, the importance of maximizing Unseen Alien (lul) in longer fights, or how you actually engage, disengage and seek out targets.
But they're the same role - jungle assassin! There's some truth to this, but this is part of the dual lore release. I actually think these types of adjoined releases are interesting, and the role overlap is intended to feed into that. Additionally, Rengar is intended to be a bit more of a fighter - something that's much more true with the AD/AP changes in the recent patch. Kha'Zix is very firmly an assassin
Sometimes, we release characters with brand-new mechanics. That's a good thing to do - but sometimes we reutilize mechanics in new ways that feel like different characters - Ziggs being an amazing example. On paper, Ziggs doesn't read as special as he is in game.
I realized when I got knee-deep in this thread that I've never really had a "play pattern" conversation that lays some of this stuff out., so how can I expect anyone to refer to a concept that's not been shared? I'm watching (literally on spectator as I write this) Kha'Zix and Rengar to watch how the characters play, and the similarities are really superficial - especially after the recent Rengar changes. I encourage you guys to see for yourselves, either here or on PBE, and come to your own conclusions. Personally though, I'm not worried about these feeling the same in game."
"To those worried about Rengar / Kha'Zix playstyle overlap, they play VERY differently. Some of their mechanics appear similar at first glance though, so let me help by sharing some details.
(Disclaimer: Numbers subject to change.)
Kha'Zix's evolutions are picked strategically, and last for the entire game. Contrast to Rengar making a Ferocity bonus pick each time he reaches 5 Ferocity.
Kha'Zix's stealth lasts 1 second and grants 40% MS. Casts 2 times or 3 once evolved. It refreshes his passive, Unseen Threat. This is something you do more while already in combat / melee range than you do from outside it, since the passive refresh isn't generally useful if cast prior to engaging. The distance you can cover while in stealth is much smaller, so its better as an in-combat reposition than as a way to engage. Contrast to Rengar who has a more strategic stealth, useful for engaging on targets.
Rengar's Q enables autoattacks as a source of repeated damage through granting Attack Speed. Kha'Zix's Q is NOT an autoattack modifier--it is a short ranged spell like Warwick's Q. Kha'Zix doesn't really do the whole autoattack scaling thing--he's more about spells.
Rengar's roar gives Armor and MR for a duration, while Kha'Zix has to avoid damage through positioning and reactive stealth. See also the R evolution which gives you damage reduction but only so long as you remain in stealth.
These are just some of the differences, but I'm trying to convey how some of these skills, while thematically or even mechanically similar, are giving rise to a overall play experience that is quite different."
"Not Alien (unfortunately), but we've got another cool sci-fi motif in his launch skin that I think you'll also like. We'll see when it comes out"
"...Not all Void things are devourers - the next one will really expand your imagination on what can be in the Void."
"We wanted a new Void creature, and we used a Mantis as our starting point from an insect perspective. We wanted something sleeker, faster, "sharper" since we already have massive Cho'Gath and Bioweapon Koggy.
We're gonna do more Void too and push the creative boundries on what can live there. The nice thing about having your own IP is you can just make up cool stuff and make it make sense"
Morello
"Skill floor refers to a minimum amount of skill needed to play the character and not just die and feed all the time. This is not attached to skill ceiling!
Skill ceiling is the amount of additional power/optimization/success you can receive through skill and practice. We like increasing this on many champions.
Many champions can easily have their skill cap increased via a "less is more" design, which not only keeps in line with clean and sensible, but adds skill. In the Diana example, what if the skillshot had 1/2 the cooldown and 1/2 the movement speed? That would increase skillcap, but also would leave skill floor near where it is.
Right now, I'm working with the designers to use these types of levels to increase skill ceiling without making your first game with a character be all WTF. Some champions will be more normalized (different players want different things, so we're never going to make all Oriannas), but there are some easy wins. I'd also like to do some changes on existing champions to bring this out, though everyone will get mad when I do :P"
"The team is working on it. We think we have a fix for the issue but it still needs to go through testing on the PBE. It also requires a client patch so it's not something that we can just push live at any point.
In other words: it wasn't intentionally removed, and we want to bring it back!"
Bellissimoth
"Hi Summoners,
My name is Bellissimoh and I'm a Producer at Riot Games. My primary responsibility is to maintain the health of our global live service and ensure the quality of everyone's League of Legends experience is as high as possible.
As some of you have recently experienced, a handful of players has been attacking our live service to kill games that are in-progress. They're doing this through a form of Distributed Denial of Service attack (DDoS) and not a hack.
As of yesterday's hotfix, we've put some changes in place that prevent games from dying. Players in a targeted game will still experience lag and possibly be disconnected, but the client should now be able to reconnect to the game automatically and resume where it left off. To spell this out a little, if your client suddenly lags and presents you with a “Connecting screen” you should allow it to try its magic and reconnect you to the game. When it is successful this will allow you to rejoin the battle much quicker without reloading the client.
We have taken steps to identify these attackers and remove them from our service permanently. Additionally we are pursuing legal avenues and working with the proper authorities.
We're doing everything we can to implement short- and long-term solutions to fight these types of activities. When someone's intentionally ruining the experience of other players, we take it very seriously.
I'll be watching this thread for the next hour or so to answer questions along with Akov, one of Riot's Network Engineers.
At the end of the day, our goal is to maintain a reliable and fair League of Legends service for everyone."
Rioters have been blowing up the forums lately and, as a result,I have a grab bag of red posts for you!Continue reading for posts concerning the heated "is just2.0" debate, a small comment about's release skin, a hint about ANOTHER upcoming Void champion,discussing the differences between skill floor and skill ceiling,the accidental removal of the spectating list, a response from Riot about the surge of "drop hacks" floating around, and an AMA style thread about's creative design.If you saw the official reveal of, you may have noticed some similarities between him and- both have a stealth, both have a leap, both have an AoE damage spell that can heal, etc. These similarities have exploded into accusation's that Riot has simply developed the same champion twice and part of the community is concerned.has taken to the forums, at length, to discuss this situation and how the two champions, who were developed together as a lore pair, and how just because their kits are similar doesn't mean they have the same play style., one of the game designers behind, also made a comment on reddit about the issue, giving more specific examples of how differently the characters operate.Speaking of also mentioned he willhave a launch skin based on the Alien franchise ( which isn't too outrageous of a request seeing as how's release skin was very similar to a Predator ). Fear not! Sci-fi is certainly still on the menu. He says:Additionally, it's worth noting thais the first champion from the Void that we've seen in a while. The Void tends to be one of the favorite lore areas for summoners and may of them were delighted to finally have another champion to join the ranks of, and the others.knew just what we all wanted to here and let out a s mall tease that another void champion may be on the radar.He continued , referencing how they came up with the idea of, by saying:Breaking away from a specific champion and shifting to general game stuff, put up an insightful post explaning the differences between the concepts of "skill floor" and the "skill ceiling", two concepts that play a big role in champion development. addressed a complaint about the removal of the option to spectate random, top tier games. Turns out it was an accident and Riot is promptly working on a fix.Speaking of client stuff, we finally have an official response about the recent influx of people exploiting the so-called "Drop Hack". Here is whathad to say:Last on deck is an AMA style post , by, about Syndra's creative design! Since the AMA is quite long, I would suggest viewing it over at the CLG Redtracker ! This will let you browse over the numerous responses without having to continue to click that pesky arrow button.and that's it! Be sure to check out the recent posts about the Soraka visual update and the newly announced Honor system . Be on the lookout for a PBE post in the near future, I'd be extremely surprised if we didn't see one later today or tomorrow.
It was National Donut Day recently and god knows I really wanted to get my donut on but I had already had my day off so there was no time to make anything! Maybe one day I'll have one of those schedules where I can blog as much as I like!
So basically I've thought about donuts for a solid week. I brought back some Grade B maple syrup from America in May and my husband has been egging me on to use it for a long while now. So these are some transatlantic fancy pants donuts.
INGREDIENTS
For the donut dough
3 tbsp coconut oil
170ml unsweetened almond milk
1/2 tsp salt
3 tbsp caster sugar
2 vanilla bean pods, split and seeds scraped out
340g self raising flour
2¼ tsp dried active yeast
Vegetable oil or neutral tasting oil to fry
For the maple glaze
1/4 cup Grade B Maple syrup
3/4 cup icing sugar
1 tbsp almond milk
In a saucepan over a low heat melt the coconut oil and add the sugar, salt, scraped vanilla beans and almond milk. Set aside to cool slightly. In a bowl add the flour and yeast. Pour in the slightly cooled coconut oil mixture. Using your hands, mix into a shaggy dough. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and knead for 5 to 10 minutes until smooth and glossy. Clean the bowl then return the dough to the bowl and cover with a damp tea towel. Leave to rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour. After the dough has risen, punch it down using your finger tips then roll out to about 2cm thick. Using a 4cm round cutter, cut out circle shapes until all the dough is used up. Using a smaller cutter cut holes into the middle of each donut. Place the donuts and donut holes on a baking sheet, put the baking sheet into a plastic bag and then leave to rise for another hour. Whilst the dough is rising prepare the maple glaze. Mix the maple syrup and the icing sugar together, adding almond milk to thin. Set aside. Once the dough is risen, add the oil to a large saucepan or dutch oven and heat it to 160c. Drop the donuts into the oil one at a time, don't crowd them. Fry for 3-4 minutes each side until golden brown. Scoop the donuts out of the oil onto a wire rack to drain. Once all the donuts are fried, turn them upside down and dip them into the glaze. Leave to dry for about 2 minutes and then dip once more into the glaze.
Please follow and like us: 144
North American licensing company Sentai Filmworks announced on Monday that it has licensed the romantic-comedy/action anime Infinite Stratos 2 . Sentai Filmworks will release the series on home video in 2014 after streaming the series "through select digital outlets." Crunchyroll is currently streaming the series as it airs. The series premiered in Japan on October 3.
The sequel is once again adapting Izuru Yumizuru's original Infinite Stratos light novel series:
Ten years ago, the development of the revolutionary Infinite Stratos powered exoskeleton changed the world's balance of power overnight. Unfortunately, while the distribution of IS systems to every nation on Earth has ushered in a new era of peace, the fact that only women have thus far been able to pilot the Stratos systems has sent the relationship between the XX and XY-chromosomed halves of the human race into a spiraling tailspin! When fifteen-year-old Ichika Orimura is suddenly discovered to be the first male with the ability to control an IS, whatever plans he might have had for his own future are tossed out the window even as he's thrown to the wolves and enrolled at the otherwise entirely female Infinite Stratos Academy by order of the Japanese government!
The sequel has two more characters from the light novel series:
Chiwa Saito (Bakemonogatari, Puella Magi Madoka Magica) plays Tatenashi Sarashiki, the strongest student in the academy and the student council president. She is an energetic girl who loves playing tricks on people, and although she often teases Ichika, she has many mysterious points.
Suzuko Mimori (Btooom!, Tantei Opera Milky Holmes) plays Kanzashi Sarashiki, Tatenashi's younger sister and Ichika's classmate. She has an introverted and reserved personality. Although she is a candidate for the representative of Japan, for some reason, her mecha is still incomplete.
Yasuhito Kikuchi is once again directing at 8-Bit, but Kumi Horii (Student Council's Discretion, Zone of the Enders) is now handling the new character designs. Takeshi Takakura is joined by Kōichi Mugitani or Choco (Busou Shinki) on mechanical designs. (Choco replaced okiura on the illustrations for the original novels going forward.) Hikaru Nanase is also back to score the music, and voice actress Yoko Hikasa and other singers are performing the anime's "BEAUTIFUL SKY" ending theme.
The light novel series already inspired a 2011 television anime season. Sentai Filmworks and Section23 Films released the first anime season in North America
On Saturday, 16 January 2016 at 19:16:26 UTC, Jacob Carlborg wrote: > On 2016-01-16 20:01, Russel Winder via Digitalmars-d-announce wrote: > >> Trying the Debian build on Debian Sid, I still have the libclang.so >> problem, I have shown the list of things there are below. Creating a >> hack symbolic link I got it to work. > > I've built the DStep against libclang provided by LLVM from here [1]. It's easier to test multiple versions of libclang that way. But I guess I could build the final binary against the system provided libclang. > > [1] On 2016-01-16 20:01, Russel Winder via Digitalmars-d-announce wrote:I've built the DStep against libclang provided by LLVM from here [1]. It's easier to test multiple versions of libclang that way. But I guess I could build the final binary against the system provided libclang.[1] http:// llvm.org/ releases/ index.html ../../.dub/ packages/ mambo-0.0.7/ mambo/util/ Traits. d(154,39): Deprecation: typedef is removed ../../.dub/ packages/ mambo-0.0.7/ mambo/util/ Traits. d(182,30): Deprecation: typedef is removed Linking... ld: library not found for -lclang clang: error: linker command failed with exit code 1 (use -v to see invocation) --- errorlevel 1 dmd failed with exit code 1. So I download the pre-build binary. And now I get: dmd failed with exit code 1. anon@gwave ~/g/dstep> ~/Downloads/dstep dyld: Library not loaded: @rpath/libclang.dylib Referenced from: /Users/anon/Downloads/dstep Reason: image not found I've got clang installed: anon@gwave ~/g/dstep> clang -v Apple LLVM version 7.0.2 (clang-700.1.81) Target: x86_64-apple-darwin15.2.0 Thread model: posix And the path to the lib appended to $PATH environment variable (do sure how to pass this to dub): anon@gwave ~/g/dstep> mdfind -name libclang /Library/ Developer/ CommandL ineTools/ usr/lib/ libclang.dylib anon@gwave ~/g/dstep> echo $PATH /usr/local/bin /usr/bin /bin /usr/sbin /sbin /Library/ Developer/ CommandL ineTools/ usr/lib/ Thanks
South Florida schools say they are reviewing their policies on transgender students' use of restrooms and locker rooms to ensure they comply with a new directive from the Obama administration.
The directive, issued Friday, says public schools must permit transgender students to use bathrooms and locker rooms consistent with their chosen gender identify, even if their education records or identity documents indicate a different sex.
Broward County Schools Superintendent Robert Runcie applauded the decision, calling it a "milestone day for equity justice and tolerance." District officials have been updating their guidelines on transgender students and say the federal guidelines appear to be in line with what the district has been doing.
"We have a responsibility to create a path of equality for all students and staff," Runcie said. "There is no place in Broward County for discrimination of any kind against any student."
Palm Beach County schools spokeswoman Kathy Burstein said officials in her district "recognize the sensitivity of this matter" and are reviewing the guidelines to gauge the impact on the district
"This isn't a new issue for our school district, or for school districts across the country," she said. "The district's anti-discrimination policies include protections based on students' gender identity or expression, and our school leaders work with families of transgender students on an individual basis."
In issuing the guidance, the Obama administration is wading anew into a socially divisive debate it has bluntly cast in terms of civil rights. The Justice Department on Monday sued North Carolina over a bathroom access law that it said violates the rights of transgender people, a measure that Attorney General Loretta Lynch likened to policies of racial segregation and efforts to deny gay couples the right to marry.
The guidance does not impose any new legal requirements. But officials say it's meant to clarify expectations of school districts that receive funding from the federal government. Educators have been seeking guidance on how to comply with Title IX, which prohibits sex discrimination in educational programs and activities that receive federal funding, Education Secretary John B. King said in a statement.
"We must ensure that our young people know that whoever they are or wherever they come from, they have the opportunity to get a great education in an environment free from discrimination, harassment and violence," King said.
Under the guidance, schools are told that they must treat transgender students according to their chosen gender identity as soon as a parent or guardian notifies the district that that identity "differs from previous representations or records." There is no obligation for a student to present a specific medical diagnosis or identification documents that reflect his or her gender identity, and equal access must be given to transgender students even in instances when it makes others uncomfortable, according to the directive.
"As is consistently recognized in civil rights cases, the desire to accommodate others' discomfort cannot justify a policy that singles out and disadvantages a particular class of students," the guidance says.
The administration is also releasing a separate 25-page document of questions and answers about best practices , including ways schools can make transgender students comfortable in the classroom and protect the privacy rights of all students in restrooms or locker rooms.
Information from the Associated Press was used to supplement this report.
stravis@sunsentinel.com or 561-243-6637 or 954-425-1421
Currents The Global Conveyor Belt 1 2 3
Cold, salty, dense water sinks at the Earth's northern polar region and heads south along the western Atlantic basin. The current is "recharged" as it travels along the coast of Antarctica and picks up more cold, salty, dense water. The main current splits into two sections, one traveling northward into the Indian Ocean, while the other heads up into the western Pacific. The two branches of the current warm and rise as they travel northward, then loop back around southward and westward. The now-warmed surface waters continue circulating around the globe. They eventually return to the North Atlantic where the cycle begins again.
Thermohaline circulation drives a global-scale system of currents called the “global conveyor belt.” The conveyor belt begins on the surface of the ocean near the pole in the North Atlantic. Here, the water is chilled by arctic temperatures. It also gets saltier because when sea ice forms, the salt does not freeze and is left behind in the surrounding water. The cold water is now denser, due to the added salts, and sinks toward the ocean bottom. Surface water moves in to replace the sinking water, thus creating a current.
This deep water moves south, between the continents, past the equator, and down to the ends of Africa and South America. The current travels around the edge of Antarctica, where the water cools and sinks again, as it does in the North Atlantic. Thus, the conveyor belt gets "recharged." As it moves around Antarctica, two sections split off the conveyor and turn northward. One section moves into the Indian Ocean, the other into the Pacific Ocean.
These two sections that split off warm up and become less dense as they travel northward toward the equator, so that they rise to the surface (upwelling). They then loop back southward and westward to the South Atlantic, eventually returning to the North Atlantic, where the cycle begins again.
The conveyor belt moves at much slower speeds (a few centimeters per second) than wind-driven or tidal currents (tens to hundreds of centimeters per second). It is estimated that any given cubic meter of water takes about 1,000 years to complete the journey along the global conveyor belt. In addition, the conveyor moves an immense volume of water—more than 100 times the flow of the Amazon River (Ross, 1995).
The conveyor belt is also a vital component of the global ocean nutrient and carbon dioxide cycles. Warm surface waters are depleted of nutrients and carbon dioxide, but they are enriched again as they travel through the conveyor belt as deep or bottom layers. The base of the world's food chain depends on the cool, nutrient-rich waters that support the growth of algae and seaweed.
USA Today photo
DENVER – Gerald Wallace has emerged as the Celtics' voice of reason and biggest critic in his first season in Boston, and once again he challenged the team following its embarrassing 129-98 loss to the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday. Denver canned 14 3-pointers, attempted 38 free throws and led by 22 points at halftime.
The Celtics allowed 103 points through the first three quarters and looked discouraged and lethargic throughout the night.
“I'm very surprised. Right now, we're the team that's all talk,” he said. “We talk about how we want to get better. We talk about things we need to do to get better. It's easy to go out and practice and do it. Practice doesn't really apply to anything with making yourself better. When they turn them lights on, when it really counts, when it's about the team and making the team better and trying to win as a team, we don't do it.”
Advertisement
Jared Sullinger's evening exemplified that. He was called for two flagrant fouls in a 23-second span and was ejected in the third quarter. Sullinger now has five flagrant points and would serve a one-game suspension with his next flagrant 1 foul.
“Hey, Denver was doing everything the right way, so everything was going their way,” Wallace said. “The way we played, the way we play as a team, the things that we do, we don't deserve to get the calls they got. They got them. Jared's first (flagrant) was 50-50 and the second one, I've seen that play done 50 times, that's my first time ever seen it called a flagrant foul. Everything was going their way, so why should we get the benefit of the doubt? We're not playing worth a crap anyway.”
The Celtics have dropped eight of nine games and have allowed 248 points in the past two games. Wallace said he is done with team meetings and gatherings to figure out the issue.
“Like I said, guys gotta look in the mirror man. It's gotta be the individual. It's gotta be timeout for I and what I can do to help us win?” he said. “What can I do to help the team win? What can I come out on the court and provide to make our team better? Right now it's too much of ‘I,' too many guys trying to do it on their own and in this league, that's hard to do.”
Advertisement
When asked about Sullinger and his flagrant fouls, Wallace had nothing but support.
“Like I said, they had everything going, so it is what it is. I'm just happy to see somebody take a hard foul from our bigs,” he said. “He's the only big that's willing to take a hard foul not to give up a layup. I'll take that all day. We get hammered going to the hole, we shouldn't allow the other team to just come in and lay it up and dunk on us. I applaud him for that.
“If you're going to build a reputation of being a hard-nosed player, you keep it going. Eventually, the refs gotta see it. It's not intentional. It's not like he's going out there trying to hurt people and intentionally knock people out. He's playing and he's playing hard in the paint. That's what bigs do. A lot of bigs do that. Hopefully it turns around for us.”
Buy Tickets
Finally, Wallace said the Celtics have all the right answers in the locker room but they don't translate to the court.
“We're done met, we're done talked, we're done did everything, we're done argued, fussed, complained, moaned, everything you can do,” he said. “It doesn't matter in here. It matters out there on the court. And until we can take all the talk and everything that we say in here and apply it to out on the court, it's useless, it's basically like talking to the wall.”
The defense has slipped considerably. Randy Foye scored 23 points, hitting seven 3-pointers, most of them without a defender in his vision.
“It's a pride thing man. We know (Randy Foye's) a shooter, that's what he does,” Wallace said. “The last two games, Oklahoma City, they probably had five, six dunks in a row on us. Just walking down the middle dunking. It's not about skills, it's about pride. Pride and playing as a team, pride and not wanting to be embarrassed. That's what it comes down to and we've got to figure it out.”
New adventures are coming to the world of Horizon. Here's how to find them.
We're thrilled to announce that Horizon Zero Dawn: The Frozen Wilds is out November 7 at PlayStation Store! This expansion for Horizon Zero Dawn adds a companion story to Aloy's adventure, leading her deep into the icy borderlands of the Banuk tribe. To celebrate the launch, we've prepared an exciting new trailer that shows the dangers Aloy will be facing.
Naturally, we can't wait for you to dive into the new expansion content — and since you're probably as eager as we are, we've collected a few handy tips to put you on the right track:
1.) Load Your Latest Save
You don't need to start a brand-new game just to access Horizon Zero Dawn: The Frozen Wilds. The expansion content is available regardless of whether you're on your very first playthrough or on your latest New Game+.
2.) Check Your Level
We tuned Horizon Zero Dawn: The Frozen Wilds for players with an experience level of 30 or higher. While it's possible to access the expansion content if your level is below this threshold, you may find that Aloy's lack of skills and/or equipment becomes too great a challenge. If that's the case, try completing a few quests in the base game until you've sufficiently leveled up.
3.) Complete the Quest “A Seeker at the Gates”
Horizon Zero Dawn: The Frozen Wilds adds a whole new region known as The Cut, which becomes accessible after you've completed the quest A Seeker at the Gates. If you're at level 30 you most likely already completed this quest, but if you're not sure you can check its completion status in the Quests menu.
4.) Find a Quest-Giver
To receive directions to the new region known as The Cut, speak with one of the three quest-givers added to the base game region. These quest-givers appear with a blue quest start marker over their head. They're located in the following areas:
Rhavid, a Carja nobleman with information and speculation about the Banuk borderlands, can be found outside Meridian.
Ohtur, who knows how to get to The Cut, can be found inside the Carja border fort known as Daytower.
Yariki, a Banuk woman with a dire warning about the dangers found in the borderlands, can be found north of the Grave Hoard.
5.) Survive the Frozen Wilds
Between the inhospitable environment and the dangerous new machines, Horizon Zero Dawn: The Frozen Wilds offers a greater challenge than the base game — so make sure you bring the right skills, outfits, and weapons.
Above all, we hope you have as much fun diving back into the world of Aloy as we did create this expansion! Let us know what you think in the comments.
EAST RUTHERFORD, NEW JERSEY - DECEMBER 10: Head coach Jason Garrett and Jaylon Smith #54 of the Dallas Cowboys react against the New York Giants in the fourth quarter during the game at MetLife Stadium on December 10, 2017 in East Rutherford, New Jersey. (Photo by Elsa/Getty Images)
Smith did more than rip his anterior cruciate ligament in the 2016 Fiesta Bowl. He damaged his peroneal nerve to the point it no longer functioned, leaving him unable to lift his left foot toward his shin.
"Yes, absolutely,'' Smith said. "Longevity is the big thing. For me to be able to put together a full season is a great feeling, a huge accomplishment but it's just the beginning.''
The linebacker suffered what many considered to be a career-threatening injury in the final game of his college career. Yet here he is, nearly two years later, ready to complete a 16-game NFL season.
For those who dismiss Sunday's game between the Cowboys and Eagles as meaningless, you might want to check with Jaylon Smith.
The Notre Dame star spent his rookie season with the Cowboys rehabilitating that devastating injury. He began to work his way back into practice in the spring of this year, held up during the grind of training camp and found himself in the starting lineup on opening night due to an injury to Anthony Hitchens.
Smith has started six games this season, filling in while Hitchens and Sean Lee were injured. He is second on the team in tackles with 97 and has forced two fumbles.
"About Week 9 was really that turning point where I really felt like I'm back to the old Jaylon Smith that you guys are used to seeing," Smith said.
That fit a pattern. Smith remembers it took him six games in high school to get his feet under him. He was seven games deep into his college career before things began to click.
Nine games at the sport's highest level isn't unreasonable in his mind. That's when his eyes began to make their proper progression on a play, his movement improved and he began to make more plays.
"It's just the rhythm," Smith said. "The game, and a lot of us elite players, it's about getting a great rhythm.
"Each game I improved. I feel elite again. It's a great feeling and knowing I'm able to contribute at a high level for America's team, it's going to be some great years to come.
"I'm back. I feel like myself. It's very encouraging moving into next season."
The recent drama over Apple's rejection of Adobe technology caused quite a stir online, generating a large number of blog posts, massive amounts of commentary, a fair share of whining, and much hating. With Adobe finally resigned to the fact that they were effectively shut out of the iPhone (at least for now), it seems like the Android community is getting much more attention suddenly, as previously reported by Android Police and others.
As a result, Adobe seems to be pushing Flash and Air more aggressively and announced on their Air blog that developers have already started porting Adobe AIR applications to Android very successfully:
"Over the last few days, developers in the Adobe AIR for Android private beta started creating AIR applications for the Android OS. Using existing code from Flash applications or their AIR applications created for the iPhone, developers were able to create applications in just a few short hours and for one developer in just 10 minutes!"
With a large amount of high quality AIR apps already available (Tweetdeck comes to mind), the amount of available Android apps is about to increase significantly.
In conclusion, here is some actual feedback posted by Flash developers:
"It literally took me 10 minutes to compile for Android, and get the game on my new Nexus One phone"
-Alan Queen
"Performance-wise, AIR for Android is fast. With barely any work on my part, I got my three existing mobile games running in AIR for Android."
-Josh Tynjala
"Well with no code changes, about 2 hours to have the graphics tweaked (thanks to @pneal), I was able to port Happy Peg over to Android."
-Matthew Keefe
"My Nexus One arrived yesterday (FedEx Saturday delivery FTW) about 4pm, and I had Fruit Smash Organic ported to the device and running beautifully by 7pm! That includes downloading and installing the SDKs, walking through a Hello World tutorial, charging the device for a little while, and making some minor code edits."
-Jobe Makar
What can we say? Flash is really important to consumers nowadays, and it will take a long time before HTML 5 can make a big enough dent in Flash's market share (this is assuming Flash will stand still, which they won't). With most Android devices promising full support for Flash 10.1 sometime after the first half of 2010, is this a checkmate for Apple? Probably not a mate, but a check for sure.
Sources:
In the months after the Deepwater Horizon disaster began, a number of other oil industry giants attested to the public that the accident was an aberrance, the fault of BP's irresponsibility alone. But a peek at the much-anticipated report of the commission assigned to investigate the accident concludes that the crisis in the Gulf is evidence of "systemic" failures – and that without "significant reform" in industry and government, it "might well recur."
At the heart of the commission's conclusion is the resounding finding that "the accident of 20 April was avoidable." That is, a number of steps could have been taken by the parties responsible for the Deepwater Horizon to prevent disaster but weren't. And unless a series of changes takes place in the industry and the government agencies responsible for oversight, we could well see more disasters like this.
The much-awaited final report from the National Oil Spill Commission isn't due until next Tuesday, but the commission released one chapter of it on Thursday, which elaborates on many of the findings they have aired in the months since the spill started. The commission points to "a failure of management" among those responsible for the Deepwater Horizon as the chief cause of the disaster. It also outlines a number of risks taken on the rig that were "both unreasonably large and avoidable". None of the parties involved – rig operator BP, owner Transocean or cement-provider Halliburton – are spared judgment. But more interesting is what it says about the broader context in which this disaster took place.
It was not just poor decision-making on the part of the companies involved; industry-wide failures also contributed to the disaster. As the commission concludes:
"The blowout was not the product of a series of aberrational decisions made by rogue industry or government officials that could not have been anticipated or expected to occur again."
In other words, this was a predictable disaster. As oil and gas drillers have moved into deeper waters and more challenging extractive environments, the attention to safety within the industry and oversight from government have not been kept up to date. It's also clear that corners were cut that saved time and money for the drillers. A chart accompanying the report lists nine crucial decisions – all of which had less risky alternatives available that the companies chose not to use. Of the nine, seven saved the drillers time, and therefore money.
The heads of other major oil companies have pointed the finger at BP in testimony to Congress, arguing that the company had taken risks that they would not. But as the report highlights, three giants in the oil industry were involved in this accident – and all three failed to take the steps necessary to avoid a disaster. Further, the report notes, the government agencies that are supposed oversee the industry and enforce regulations "lacked the authority, the necessary resources and the technical expertise to prevent" the incident.
"This disaster likely would not have happened had the companies involved been guided by an unrelenting commitment to safety first," said commission co-chair Bob Graham in a statement. "And it likely would not have happened if the responsible governmental regulators had the capacity and will to demand world-class safety standards."
The commission stopped short of assessing the motivations of the companies that led to corner-cutting and, regrettably, to disaster. But it makes clear that a level of complacency has developed in the industry that allowed expediency and profit to supersede safety. This is why regulations, and regulators, are essential.
Unfortunately, though, regulation has not kept pace with the speed that drilling has moved forward in US waters. To be sure, the Obama administration has made a number of moves in the months since the disaster to change that situation. Gone is the scandal-ridden Minerals Management Service, replaced by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement, with separation between the regulatory and the revenue-collection roles of the agency reinforced. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar has also rolled out some stricter rules and more clear obligations for the agency. But there is much that Congress needs to do on this subject, too – though that doesn't seem likely any time soon.
Last year, the House passed a strong package of reforms that included barring repeat offenders from obtaining new leases in the Gulf, eliminating the liability cap so that those who spill are accountable for all the damage the cause, setting tougher standards for safety, and increasing fines for safety and environmental violations. But the Senate never passed a bill including these measures, meaning that, at least legislatively, the situation remains unchanged – despite the biggest oil disaster in US history. With the House now in the control of a Republican majority that has largely rejected any new regulations on the oil industry, the chances of passage in the next two years become very slim.
At this point, then, the administration will need to do as much as it can with the existing regulatory authorities and statutes to ensure that a disaster like this is not repeated. More advice on how to deal with Deepwater drilling is expected in the full report next week, but the extent to which that guidance is followed will show whether the country has truly learned anything from the Deepwater disaster. Let's hope we have.
These results are more than just cool and record-setting. Observations with the Hubble Space Telescope over the years have shown that such monster black holes seem to inhabit the centers of all galaxies — the bigger the galaxy, the bigger the black hole. Researchers said the new work could shed light on the role these black holes play in the formation and evolution of galaxies.
The previous record-holder was in the galaxy M87, a member of the Virgo cluster some 54 million light-years from here, where a black hole weighed in at a mere 6.3 billion solar masses. The new black holes, however, were even larger than astronomers had predicted based on the earlier measurements, suggesting that there is something special about how the most massive galaxies are built.
“Measurements of these massive black holes will help us understand how their host galaxies were assembled, and how the holes achieved such monstrous mass,” Mr. McConnell said.
Mr. McConnell and his thesis adviser, Chung-Pei Ma, led a team of astronomers who used telescopes in Hawaii , Texas and outer space to weigh the black holes in the centers of galaxies by clocking the speeds of stars zooming around them; the faster the stars are going, the more gravity — and thus mass — is needed to keep the stars from flying away. They report their work in the journal Nature, which will be published online on Wednesday.
Photo
Martin Rees, a cosmologist at Cambridge University , called the new work “an incremental step,” noting that the study of these monsters has been a part of his life for a long time. “It's good to learn about even bigger ones,” he said.
Black holes, regions of space where gravity is so intense that not even light can escape from it, are among the weirdest of the predictions of Albert Einstein 's curved-space theory of gravity, general relativity — so weird that Einstein himself did not believe it. He once wrote to a friend that there ought to be a law of nature forbidding such a thing.
But he was wrong. And some of his successors, like Dr. Rees and a colleague at Cambridge , Stephen Hawking , have spent their careers studying the implications for physics of objects that can wrap spacetime around themselves like a magician's cloak and disappear.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Such is the fate, astronomers agree, of some massive stars once they run out of fuel and collapse upon themselves. Indeed the galaxy is littered with stellar-mass black holes detectable by the X-rays spit by doomed matter swirling around them like water in a drain. And there seem to be giant ones in the heart of every galaxy.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One question astronomers would like answered is how these black holes got so big, billions of times bigger than a typical dead star. Dr. Ma described it as a kind of nature-versus-nurture argument, explaining that black holes could grow by merging with other black holes as galaxies merge to get bigger — “nature” — or by swallowing gas around them — “nurture.”
“It's a bit like asking: Are taller children produced by taller parents or by eating a lot of spinach?” Dr. Ma wrote in an e-mail. “For black holes we are not sure.”
Astronomers also think the supermassive black holes in galaxies could be the missing link between the early universe and today. In the early days of the universe, quasars, thought to be powered by giant black holes in cataclysmic feeding frenzies, were fountaining energy into space.
Where are those quasars now? The new work supports a growing suspicion that those formerly boisterous black holes are among us now, but, having stopped their boisterous growth, are sleeping.
Mr. McConnell said, “Our discovery of extremely massive black holes in the largest present-day galaxies suggests that these galaxies could be the ancient remains of voracious ancestors.”
Let's try not to awaken them.
CASABLANCA, Morocco — Inspired by the wave of uprisings against authoritarian regimes across the Arab world, Algeria's opposition has called for a pro-democracy march in Algiers next week.
A demonstration march is planned for Feb. 12 by opposition leaders, unions, students and human rights groups who want President Abdelaziz Bouteflika's government to lift a state of emergency and end its ban on new political parties.
The Algerian government warned that the march is banned and that it will be the protesters fault if there is violence.
Signs that the unrest in Tunisia and Egypt may spread to Algeria caused the international credit rating agency Standard and Poor's to issue a warning Wednesday.
Algeria has high unemployment, rising food prices and an entrenched regime similar to those in Tunisia and Egypt. Some Algerians say their country is a prime candidate for a popular revolt.
"There is a profound dissatisfaction within the population," said Addi Lahouari, a native of Algeria and professor at the Institut d'Etudes Politiques in Lyon, France. "The practice of politics is banned in Algeria by the army. Meaning that it is impossible for the people to pick their representatives and hold them accountable."
Lahourari added: "It is time the military becomes aware of the extent of the disaster and initiates a peaceful change. It is time to break the deadlock by opening national television. It is urgent to let the various political currents in the country express themselves freely."
Already Algeria has had weeks of sporadic protests and riots. Calls for protest and change continue on Facebook, Twitter and on the streets. No large organized movement yet exists in Algeria. The government has tried to ease tensions by subsidizing food prices and promising more changes in the weeks to come. Despite their efforts, more demonstrations are planned and people's demands are growing.
Algerian officials say the demands are not in the same league as those in other countries because protesters are not demanding a change of government, unlike the demands of protesters in Egypt and Tunisia.
"Protesters in Algeria want better social and economic conditions. They did not make political demands as is the case in Tunisia, Egypt, Yemen and Jordan," said Abdelaziz Belkhadem, the head of Algeria's ruling FLN party and a cabinet minister.
Bouteflika is considering high-level cabinet changes after more demonstrations were planned, Belkhadem told Reuters.
In several Algerian cities, including the capital, riots broke out in January after a steep jump in food prices. After an unemployed man immolated himself to spark the Tunisian revolt, there were 10 protest burnings in Algeria in which two people died. More than 1,000 Algerian demonstrators were injured during clashes between protesters and police. Protesters say they are rejecting a government system that protects a small minority of privileged elite while repressing everyone else.
Algeria, a former French colony, has a young population, with 70 percent of its 35 million people under 30. Unemployment is officially at 10 percent. The country's oil exports earned nearly $60 billion in 2010, supplying an estimated 20 percent of Europe's gas supplies.
To avoid the contagion of the Tunisian revolution and popular uprising in Egypt, the Bouteflika government has decided to use some of its oil money to subsidize the prices of sugar and oil. The Algiers government also ordered public companies to hire young people. It also prohibited gas stations from selling gasoline in cans to prevent self-immolation attempts.
Bouteflika also promised to spend $286 billion over the next five years on infrastructure, hospitals, schools and housing.
Although Algiers streets have been relatively quiet over the last week, human rights activists said they are planning several more demonstrations in the coming days.
Since mid-January, the leaders of Tunisia, Egypt, Yemen and Jordan have all come under pressure from populations they had long held in fear.
Bouteflika has been president of Algeria since April 1999 and is in his third term in office. Questions about the 73-year-old leader's health have arisen in recent years and his brother is expected to succeed him. Critics charge that democratic freedoms have eroded during Bouteflika's presidency.
However, Bouteflika is generally credited with quelling the brutal internal conflict between security forces and Islamist militants in which an estimated 200,000 people were killed.
The coming week will show whether Bouteflika will be able to effectively quell the people's dissatisfaction or if there will be mass demonstrations that threaten the Algiers government.
"It is unclear whether these riots are the work of a clan to push Bouteflika out or if on the contrary they are the work of the presidential clan to lead the army ... to kill citizens and get discredited in the eyes of the population," said Algerian academic Lahouari. "We are completely in the dark."
More about the unrest in the Middle East:
Despite holding a majority of government offices and winning the White House in the last election, the Republican Party remains scattered to the public eye. House of Reps Speaker Paul Ryan pulled the American Healthcare Act from the floor last week in an attempt to prevent further humiliation of the Republican Party, as reported by Forbes. This was a huge retraction as the bill hadn't even been voted on, and a healthcare overhaul remains one of Trump's biggest promises. This is just the latest display of Republicans being at odds with each other within their own party. Some observers have noted that the friction between the Republicans is social as well as political.
null
After securing the election and taking office in January, Trump has been the center of unrelenting controversy. During his campaign, reporters and critics brought Trump's history of bankruptcy to light, as well as his derogatory comments regarding women, further examined by the New York Times. Trump and his Republican allies left a snail-trail behind them in their come-up to the White House, which, to be fair, is common of American politicians.
The issue is that Donald Trump, despite being the president, isn't a politician. Former President Barack Obama is a Harvard Law School graduate and the first black President of the Harvard Law Review. Well versed in American law and politics, he became a professor of constitutional law in Chicago for more than a decade. He also worked as a civil rights attorney before being elected Senator of Illinois, and eventually President of the United States.
President Trump, although a juggernaut of the entrepreneurial world, doesn't even come close to having the political credentials that any prior president has had. The original spread of Republican candidates, at a record of 12 people running for the White House, gave Trump enough room to talk his way into the primary. He remains a total greenhorn in regard to American politics and government protocol. Trump lined his cabinet with corporate titans and banking agents — more people with less than average political experience.
null
The Republican Party has been divided since last year on whether to support Trump as president, reported by the U.S. News last October. The public failure of the American Healthcare Act is just the latest display of discord among the Republican Party and their inability to make decisions. The feuds between the Republican politicians serves to further fracture the GOP.
Per NBC News, Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn requested immunity yesterday amid mounting evidence and conspiracy surrounding President Trump's possible tether to Russian interests. It was confirmed that Flynn had been meeting and communicating with Russian officials without informing either the president or vice president. Upon disclosure of Flynn's involvement with Russia, he resigned from his position and has since offered to “tell his story” to investigators.
“We should first acknowledge what a grave and momentous step it is for a former National Security Adviser to the President of the United States to ask for immunity from prosecution.”
The controversy around Flynn and the possible link between Trump's platform and Russia won't help bring the Republican Party back together. Trump continues to attack Republican skeptics and politicians by name via his Twitter account, which has been the president's calling card since he started using the application.
null
As reported by WGCU, Republican politicians are having problems governing and make decisions in the shadow of Trump's presidency. Senator Ted Cruz, who ran against Trump during the campaign season, made a statement regarding the friction within the Republican Party.
“It's clear that tensions are running high. I believe we can come together, and the only way for us to govern and deliver on our promises is for Republicans not to turn the cannons on each other, but stand united behind shared principles, and that's what I hope all of us do.”
With so many loose ends hanging from Trump's heels, it's unclear where he stands among the whirlwind. According to WGCU, the president wouldn't hesitate to cutout current Republican lawmakers and politicians and make back-alley deals with the Democrats instead. Observing Trump's business history and habits, he's employed similar tactics before, essentially forcing his opposition into an ultimatum. One thing is clear: As Trump continues to act as president, the Republican Party continues to fragment.
[Featured Image by Ron Sach/Getty Images]
If you and a partner are looking for the adventure of a lifetime, head to CBS 62's open casting call for The Amazing Race at the MJR Troy Grand Digital Cinema 16!
CBS 62 is holding an open casting call for The Amazing Race, Wednesday, December 10th, from 3-7 p.m. at the MJR Troy Grand Digital Cinema 16.
The MJR Troy Grand Digital Cinema 16 is located at:
100 East Maple Road
Troy, MI 48083
The Amazing Race pits 11 teams, each comprised of two members, against each other on a trek around the world for approximately 25 days. Every destination offers a new challenge for each team to test their mental or physical strength. Only when the challenge is completed will contestants learn their next location! Teams who fall behind are eliminated as the contest progresses, with the first team to arrive at the final destination winning $1 million!
Interested competitors, ages 21 and older, are invited to audition at the open call on December 10th. Both team members must be present at registration – and at the time of auditions. Photo ID required upon arrival. Please bring your signed Video Release Form to your audition.
Click here to review the Official Eligibility Requirements
CLICK HERE to download your Video Release Form
**PLUS – join CBS 62 as we team up with Forgotten Harvest to fight hunger! Bring a non-perishable item with you to the Casting Call and help feed the hungry this holiday season. CLICK HERE for food donation guidelines**
While you wait, enjoy some snacks from the brand-new concession counter or grab an adult beverage at the MJR Studio Bar & Lounge! (The Studio Bar & Lounge is designed to provide customers a safe environment to relax and enjoy a drink – please follow the conduct rules while waiting for your audition, and if you choose to drink, please do so responsibly.)
The theater will be open before and after the auditions, so come early – or stick around after your audition – and catch a movie! Along with 16 theaters, MJR offers an EPIC Experience theater, featuring a screen eight stories wide and four stories tall! The state of the art EPIC screen, sound, and comfort the EPIC Experience provides is the premier way to enjoy a featured film! Find information about the Troy Grand Digital Cinema 16 and movie times HERE!
Hey Twitter and Instagram users, tag your pics on the day of the casting call with #CBS62Casting. Your updates could be featured on CBSDetroit.com!
We'll see YOU at the MJR Troy Grand Digital Cinema 16 on December 10th!
And don't miss The Amazing Race, Fridays at 8pm on CBS 62.
Getty Images
With the Titans moving on from quarterback Zach Mettenberger and Mettenberger's next stop now being subject to the waiver wire, the Browns will have the first chance to claim Mettenberger if they want him.
The Browns already have five quarterbacks, so they may pass. But with a 24-year old quarterback with 10 games starting experience hitting the waiver wire at a time almost every team is already shuffling its roster, some team will probably claim Mettenberger, even if that team just views him as a potential backup.
Even though Mettenberger is 0-10 as a starter, interested teams know the Titans haven't been very good the last two seasons. He's 6-foot-5 and has completed 60 percent of his passes, and that should be good enough for some team to take a low-risk flier on a player who's still on his rookie contract. The timing of his release was curious, but enough teams need quarterbacks to think that Mettenberger will get another shot soon.
Among the teams who could put in a waiver claim on Mettenberger…
**The Browns have five quarterbacks, but the new coaching staff and new regime are really tied only to Robert Griffin III and Cody Kessler. It wouldn't be a surprise to see Metteneberger claimed and Connor Shaw or Austin Davis released. The Browns probably see Josh McCown as a good tutor for Kessler, but we don't know how much he's really in the plans.
**Despite drafting Dak Prescott in the fourth round, the Cowboys could use an overall upgrade in quarterback depth. Same for the Chargers.
**The 49ers make sense given the uncertainty surrounding the Colin Kaepernick situation and that Blaine Gabbert is probably the team's current starter. The 49ers drafted Jeff Driskel, but not until the sixth round.
**The Colts have had quite a backup quarterback carousel over the last several months, and like the Cowboys they found out last year that life without a viable backup is quite miserable.
**Cardinals Coach Bruce Arians likes big, strong-armed quarterbacks, and the Cardinals didn't draft a quarterback in the 2016 draft.
**The Lions drafted Jake Rudock in the sixth round but have only Rudock and Dan Orlovsky behind Matthew Stafford.
**The Steelers have Bruce Gradkowski and Landry Jones under contract as backups, but Jones is entering the final year of his rookie deal and might not be in the team's plans.
**The Broncos are at the bottom of the waiver order, but given their quarterback situation putting in a claim just in case every other team passes wouldn't be a bad idea.
The author of legislation designed to block forthcoming rules on power plant emissions accused President Obama Monday of ignoring coal country workers who would be hurt by the regulations.
During remarks at the conservative Heritage Foundation, Rep. Mike Kelly said Obama has sought to avoid any discussion of the potential economic consequences of regulations.
“You'd think it was kryptonite, and he's Superman,” the Pennsylvania Republican said.
Kelly's speech comes as the Environmental Protection Agency prepares to hold a series of public hearings on a rule designed to cut carbon pollution by 30 percent over the next 16 years.
Earlier Monday, EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy Regina (Gina) McCarthyOvernight Energy: Joshua Tree National Park lost M in fees due to shutdown | Dem senator, AGs back case against oil giants | Trump officials secretly shipped plutonium to Nevada Overnight Energy: Ethics panel clears Grijalva over settlement with staffer | DC aims to run on 100 percent clean energy by 2032 | Judges skeptical of challenge to Obama smog rule Judges skeptical of case against Obama smog rule MORE defended the proposal in a conference call previewing the hearings in Atlanta, Denver, Pittsburgh and Washington, D.C.
Opponents of the plan say it would put coalmines out of business, decimating an industry that provides 40 percent of the nation's electricity.
Kelly went a bit further, likening the regulatory strategy to terrorism.
“You talk about terrorism, you can do it in a lot of different ways,” he said. “But you terrorize the people who supply everything this country needs to be great — and you keep them on the sidelines — my goodness, what have we become?”
Pressed on the fiery language, Kelly appeared to walk back the remarks, saying that the regulatory action has the effect of smothering economic activity.
“When a government can level on you taxes and regulations that makes it impossible for you to compete, then you're going to stay on the sidelines,” he said.
Kelly's bill, the Coal Country Protection Act, would bar the EPA from moving forward with power plant regulations that would raise electricity rates, cost jobs, adversely affect gross domestic product or interrupt service.
Here are the major features you can expect to see with the release of Patch 3.7.
Patch 3.7 is bringing new skins, new decals, and a brand-new feature: Announcers. With all of these new ways to customize your StarCraft II experience, we're adding a new Collection tab to organize all of this new content.
If you've ever wanted to play on the 1v1 StarCraft II ladder as a different race than you normally would without impacting the ranking of your “main” race, you'll soon be able to do exactly that. Patch 3.7 brings a highly anticipated feature for StarCraft II multiplayer: separate rankings for each race you play on the ladder!
Agent reporting for duty. The Dominion's best Ghost, Nova Terra, joins the ranks as our newest Co-op Commander. Backed by the most advanced Terran technology and the highest tier of trained combatants, Nova controls the battlefield with the speed and power of a nuclear explosion.
Patch 3.7 is being deployed and will soon be live in your region. You can find the full patch notes right here. Let us know what feature you're most excited about in the comments and we'll see you on the battlefield!
Exclusive Premiere: New Music From Broken Bells
If I picked my number one album of any given year based solely on how many times I played it, the self-titled debut from Broken Bells would have been light years ahead of everything else I listened to last year. One of the most infectious releases of 2010, Broken Bells perfectly pairs The Shins frontman James Mercer's falsetto with the elegant but quirky sonic sensibilities of über-producer Danger Mouse (Brian Burton).
Fortunately we don't have to wait long for more new music from the duo. The two plan to release a new, four-track EP on March 29 called Meyrin Fields. It includes the strutting, spaghetti-western-electro–rock-and-pop romp "Windows."
Hear 'Windows' by Broken Bells 3:13
The songs on Meyrin Fields were originally recorded during the Broken Bells sessions, but aren't B-sides. Mercer and Burton say the cuts just didn't fit with the flow of the other songs. In addition to "Windows," the EP includes "Heartless Empire," "An Easy Life," and the title track, "Meyrin Fields."
More on Meyrin Fields at Broken Bells' website.
On this day in 1996, 28-year-old Martin Bryant begins a killing spree that ends in the deaths of 35 men, women and children in the quiet town of Port Arthur in Tasmania, Australia.
Bryant, who is believed to have an extremely low IQ and may be mentally handicapped, began the day by killing an elderly couple who were the owners of Port Arthur's Seascape guesthouse. Some theorize that the killings were Bryant's retaliation for the owners refusing to sell his father the guesthouse. Bryant's father later committed suicide, an action Bryant is said to have blamed on his depression over not being able to buy the property.
After having lunch on the deck of the Broad Arrow Cafe, located at the site of the historic Port Arthur prison colony, a tourist destination, Bryant entered the restaurant, removed a Colt AR-15 rifle from his bag, and began shooting. After killing 22 people in rapid succession, Bryant left the restaurant for the parking lot, where he continued his shooting spree, killing the drivers of two tour buses, some of their passengers and a mother and her two small children, among others.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
On his way out of the parking lot, he shot four people in a BMW and drove the car to a nearby gas station, where he shot one woman and took a man hostage, before driving back to the Seascape guesthouse. After an 18-hour stand-off with police, Bryant set the guesthouse on fire, ran outside and was captured. He had apparently killed the hostage sometime earlier.
Bryant initially pled not-guilty to the 35 murders, but changed his plea and was sentenced to life in prison, never to be released, Australia's maximum sentence. The Broad Arrow Cafe and its environs were turned into a place for reflection and a memorial.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
People across Australia and the world were horrified by Bryant's actions. In the hopes of preventing similar crimes, gun-control laws in many areas of Australia were significantly strengthened in the aftermath of the tragedy.
Do you know what tonight is?! Tonight is the World's Ugliest Dog competition in Petaluma, California! Donald Trump can keep his lame old Miss Universe pageant; this is where it's at.
According to the Hollywood Reporter, a dog named Himisaboo is aiming to take all of Trump's pageant spotlight away by winning on a platform of looking just like the mogul. Here is his bio, courtesy of the Sonoma-Marin Fair, which hosts the contest:
Hello, my name is Himisaboo and I am 9 old. I am half dachshund and half Chinese Crested or Xoloitscuintle. I live in Payette, Idaho! When my people met each other, they were too enamored by each other to remember to have one of my parents fixed. That's how they acquired ME! When I was born, my doggie mama jumped off the bed with me still attached by the umbilical cord!!! I bounced on the floor for about 5 feet. Thank goodness my people mama jumped in to help before I was dragged up the stairs! This is my 4th time in the contest. My lack of hair on my body, and extra hair on my head are 100% natural. Before Donald Trump was running for anything, I was featured on national television for having Donald Trump's hair! Whether you LOVE The Donald, or LOATHE him, a vote for Himisaboo is a vote for a dog that looks like Donald Trump! That can be taken either way, but you have to admit, I am a dog who TRUMPS all others!
Luckily, whether you're casting a ballot for or against Trump in November, you still have time to vote for Himisaboo right here today!
[image via screengrab]
For more from Lindsey, go to Twitter or Facebook.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Based on the wildly popular DC Comics series "Hellblazer," seasoned demon hunter and master of the occult John Constantine (Matt Ryan) specializes in giving hell... hell. Armed with a ferocious knowledge of the dark arts and his wickedly naughty wit, he fights the good fight - or at least he did. With his soul already damned to hell, he's decided to leave his do-gooder life behind, but when demons target Liv (Lucy Griffiths), the daughter of one of Constantine's oldest friends, he's reluctantly thrust back into the fray - and he'll do whatever it takes to save her. Before long, it's revealed that Liv's "second sight" - an ability to see the worlds behind our world and predict supernatural occurrences - is a threat to a mysterious new evil that's rising in the shadows. Now it's not just Liv who needs protection; the angels are starting to get worried too. So, together, Constantine and Liv must use her power and his skills to travel the country, find the demons that threaten our world and send them back where they belong. After that, who knows... maybe there's hope for him and his soul after all.
IRVING, Texas -- The sun should not set again with Jason Garrett as coach if Jerry Jones isn't committed to him beyond next season, regardless of whether the Dallas Cowboys make the playoffs.
Either ride with Garrett or get rid of him. Anything else is a colossal waste of time.
Jerry Jones is already turning over the Cowboys' defensive staff and might yank play-calling duties from Jason Garrett. AP Photo/Paul Jasienski
Hey, the Jacksonville Jaguars fired coach Mike Mularkey on Thursday after one season, so it's not like there's some statute of limitations on firing coaches once the season ends.
Jerry made it clear he's the person calling all the shots with his soliloquy about the factors that led to defensive coordinator Rob Ryan's dismissal while taping his weekly TV show.
Monte Kiffin is considered the leading candidate to replace Ryan. Kiffin spent the past three seasons at Southern Cal coaching with his son, Lane, the head coach.
Kiffin's claim to fame is creating the Tampa 2 defensive scheme that involves playing the safeties deep and limiting big plays, forcing an opponent to drive methodically down the field.
The Cowboys' defensive assistants already have been told they will have to interview with the new defensive coordinator. If he chooses to keep them, fine. If not, they'll be unemployed.
There's also a possibility Jerry will yank the play-calling duties away from Garrett and hire someone else to call plays. Norv Turner, fired by San Diego, would be near the top of the wish list.
Whether Jerry hires Turner or someone else, that person will get an opportunity to add assistants familiar with his offense and philosophical approach.
Now, we're talking about the potential addition of two coaches who have considerable more loyalty to the owner than the head coach.
How dumb is that?
J.B. Pritzker: The Other Mayor of Chicago This billionaire power broker doubles as a down-to-earth guy—and he just may turn Chicago into a tech hub after all.
Above: J.B. Pritzker, left (with FTD product development manager Timm McIntyre, center, and venture capitalist Gabe Greenbaum, right) greets the gang at River North tech accelerator 1871 in December. Photo: Carlos Javier Ortiz No entourage surrounds J.B. Pritzker as he steps off an elevator at the Merchandise Mart. No PR minder rushes to his side; no flunky steps up to hand him coffee. Looking a little like the portly character actor Oliver Platt, he ambles amiably into the polished-concrete environs of the tech company incubator 1871 with an open, friendly smile. He looks about as intimidating as an old friend dropping by to see if you want to catch the Hawks game. Despite the low-key entrance, within a few seconds entrepreneurs in their 20s and 30s—people trying to create the next Groupon or Snapchat—begin smiling and gravitating to the 49-year-old Pritzker like iron filings to a magnet. He beams back, greeting every jeans-and-hoodie-clad person who approaches: “Hi, how are you?” or “What are you working on?” Watching Pritzker interact with these fledgling CEOs, it's clear that he commands their respect, and not just because he bears a last name that's synonymous with wealth and power. (Three Pritzkers appear on Chicago's Power List—more people than from any single family.) Nor just because he's a shrewd investor in his own right. (Thanks to judicious investments in such companies as Facebook well before they went public, Pritzker has grown his billion-dollar-plus inheritance to a net worth that Forbes estimates at $3 billion. That puts him at No. 166 on the magazine's 2013 list of the richest people in the nation, tied with Tony, his brother and business partner. No other Pritzker ranks higher.) Advertisement No, the main source of his allure is that for nearly two decades, he has devoted himself to making sure that one day “Silicon Prairie” will be an honest-to-God nickname for his adopted city, not a stubbornly elusive dream. This very incubator wouldn't exist without Pritzker: Two years ago, he ponied up $1 million and built a coalition of other supporters to get 1871 off the ground. In October, Mayor Rahm Emanuel launched ChicagoNEXT, an offshoot of World Business Chicago that aims to lure more new ventures, with Pritzker at the helm. When asked to imagine that effort without him, Emanuel cuts off the question: “I don't even want to think about it.” Oh, and one more thing. In a city that tends to sharpen knives when big business or political players spread their peacock feathers, Pritzker is widely acknowledged to be that least elitist of things: a nice guy. “He's almost shockingly nice,” says restaurant mogul Larry Levy, a fellow trustee at Northwestern University, “especially in the sense that he doesn't have to be.” Plenty of criticism has been lobbed at various Pritzkers over the years, from accusations of tax evasion (J.B.'s grandfather set up a boatload of trusts in the Bahamas to escape the IRS) to cries of gross mismanagement (the notorious 2001 failure of the family-owned Superior Bank). But dozens of interviews with J.B.'s current and former associates, family members, friends, and competitors—even off the record—turned up scarcely a soul with anything negative to say about the man himself. Even David Schultz, a contractor who in November won a court battle alleging that Pritzker and his wife owed him nearly $1 million on a $25 million renovation of their Gold Coast mansion, says that the few times he has talked to him have been “nothing but pleasant.” When you try to analyze Pritzker's clout in Chicago, you start to realize that it's rooted in a rare ability to straddle different, sometimes conflicting, worlds. He's Silicon Valley, where he grew up, but he's also as Chicago as the el. He's a businessman, but he's also a politician. He's a billionaire, but he's Everyman. He has a likable, almost childlike, enthusiasm—a poignant quality given that his childhood demanded a strength well beyond his years. The tale of the Pritzkers' rise from penniless Ukrainian Jews to stupendously wealthy power brokers has already passed into legend. Nicholas, J.B.'s great-grandfather, moving from Kiev to Chicago in 1881 at the age of 10, attending Harvard Law School, and starting his own law firm. The expansion into business under Nicholas's sons, Harry, A.N., and Jack, who made a fortune buying up distressed properties and other assets. And then, thanks mostly to the savvy of A.N.'s elder sons, Jay and Robert, the growth into a multibillion-dollar family-held conglomerate called Marmon, which owned mostly manufacturing companies; they also acquired casinos and even an airline (Braniff). In 1957, Jay, an indefatigable dealmaker and the de facto head of the Pritzker family's third generation, bought a Los Angeles hotel called Hyatt House. He soon summoned his younger brother Donald—who had recently earned a law degree at the University of Chicago—to run it.
So in 1959, Donald and his wife, Sue, both 26, and their six-month-old daughter, Penny, moved from Chicago to Atherton, California, in the heart of what would become Silicon Valley. Two years later, Tony came along; four years later, Jay Robert (J.B.). J.B. Pritzker recalls his earliest years in the sequoia- and redwood-studded area as idyllic. “My father was a very gregarious, very open guy,” he says, “so every weekend the house was full of people”: Stanford professors, tech entrepreneurs, politicians (both Sue and Donald were active in the California Democratic Party). Hewlett-Packard's founder, David Packard, lived just down the road. “He was the crazy guy doing something in his garage,” Pritzker recalls. Donald's business was booming. With Sue's help—“she was the person responsible for opening the new hotels and motels,” Pritzker says—Donald grew Hyatt into a chain, the nation's fifth largest by 1972. (Hyatt, currently a public company, owns 535 properties worldwide; Jay's son Tom is executive chairman.) On a hot day in May of that year, when J.B. was seven, his father clutched his chest on the tennis court, and everything changed. Donald had suffered a fatal heart attack at the age of 39. “So here this big personality was just gone,” Pritzker says. “My mother was left with three young kids, ages 13, 11, and 7. It was devastating.” Sue's drinking soon spiraled out of control. The kids became her caretakers. “The number of nights I remember having to stay up and watch her smoke, because if I went to sleep she might pass out or fall asleep with a cigarette in bed, are too many to recall,” Pritzker says. One day Sue slipped and fell, hitting her head, and lay bleeding on the bathroom floor. “I had to call 911 and essentially get her to the hospital,” Pritzker recalls. Penny, Tony, and J.B. turned to one another. “We had a common enemy: the alcoholism,” Pritzker says. “We had to kind of band together. … Who was going to drive you to your friend's house, or who's going to drive you to the soccer game? Because you don't want Mom to drive you.” He adds: “I think one of the reasons today that we're all three responsible sorts of people, and have the ability to carry crises on our shoulders, is because we had to band together to deal with these circumstances.” Pritzker pauses. “I want to be clear: My mother to me was a hero. [Because] she fought her alcoholism. Really fought. She found someone to take care of us for a couple of weeks so she could check herself into a rehab program. She went to Alcoholics Anonymous meetings and was sober on and off. But she would fall off the wagon.” Before she entered rehab, Pritzker says, his mother gave each of her children a slim volume about alcoholism, explaining that she had it and was trying to get help. “She said, ‘I want you to read this. And I want you to know that this is a disease. I love you, and sometimes I'm challenged by my alcoholism to do everything I should be doing as a mother, but I want you to know that it's not because I don't love you.' ” Ten years to the day after Donald's fatal heart attack, in May 1982, tragedy struck a second time. According to police reports, Sue was run over after leaping out of a truck that was towing her car. J.B., still in high school, was now an orphan. “It was a very hard, dark time [for him],” recalls childhood friend Karl Austen, now a Hollywood attorney. “Thank God he had his brother and sister”—who were by this time students at Dartmouth and at Stanford, respectively. J.B. also had his Chicago relatives, and he relied on them—particularly his uncles Jay and Robert and their wives—for emotional support. “My uncles and my aunts were outstanding,” Pritzker says. “There's just no other way to say it. They lived in Chicago, they had their own kids. We were very lucky to have an extended family that was so far away but still cared a lot about us.” J.B. entered Georgetown University that fall (he would later transfer to Duke). He opted against studying business, despite having displayed the family knack for it early on. Tony recalls how his 10-year-old brother had “started buying gum wholesale and then selling it on the bus at a profit. To finance that, he created a little company and issued shares. He did pretty well.” But Pritzker—gregarious like his father and passionate about such liberal causes as early childhood education (“I think much of what you learn as a kid comes before age seven”)—felt that his true calling was politics. “I was always fascinated by politics, and I was exposed to it quite a lot,” he says. “I was riding around the neighborhood with bumper stickers for Jimmy Carter in 1976; my father was the finance chair for Ed Muskie in California when he ran for president; and my mother was the finance chair for [former U.S. senator] John Tunney.”
Armed with a bachelor's degree in political science, Pritzker moved to Washington, D.C., in 1987, working first for Senator Terry Sanford from South Carolina and later for Senator Alan Dixon from Illinois. During this time, he was fixed up on a blind date with a fetching 21-year-old named Mary Kathryn Muenster, who was working as a staff assistant in Senator Tom Daschle's office. In some ways, the two couldn't have been more different: He is a West Coast Jew from a superrich clan, she is a Midwestern Protestant from a family that was comfortable but not wealthy. What's more, M.K., a South Dakota native who was attending the University of Nebraska, was casually dating the center on the school's basketball team, says Pritzker. “I felt like I had no shot.” But, M.K. says, “His great sense of humor made a huge impression on me. … More importantly, from the very beginning he demonstrated to me that he was a very good and kind man in every sense.” They dated for three and a half years before Pritzker worked up the nerve to ask her to marry him. They wed in 1993, the same year he graduated from Northwestern University Law School. “I fell in the lucky tub,” he says, shaking his head slightly, as though still marveling at his good fortune. With more relatives in Chicago than in California, Pritzker began to put down roots in the Windy City. He and M.K. settled in Evanston. Though he still nurtured political ambitions, he started working at a boutique investment bank called the Chicago Corporation. The job provided a chance to bet on the kinds of people who had made such an impression on him during his boyhood: tech entrepreneurs. He found that he loved the work. “The idea of investing in entrepreneurs who are building things from scratch, where I can participate in their dream, was very, very exciting to me,” he explains. It tapped into the same let's-change-the-world enthusiasm that he had for politics. By late 1995, Pritzker recalls, “I'd seen a bunch of startup Internet companies, and the investment banks couldn't do the deals because [the deals] were too small. I thought they were just tremendous opportunities.” He started his own firm, New World Ventures, to invest in such startups and had “several pretty big successes,” including egreetings.com, an online greeting card company that went public in 1999. Pritzker felt ready to launch his own political bid in 1998. He tossed his hat in the ring, along with five other Democratic challengers, for the congressional seat in Illinois's highly competitive 9th District. Despite spending more than $1 million of his own money, he lost the primary to Jan Schakowsky. The experience left him feeling bruised—and eventually convinced him to take his uncle Jay's advice. “He told me that I could accomplish many public policy goals by making money and going without the public life,” Pritzker told the Tribune a few weeks after the primary. A year later, in 1999, Pritzker's uncle Jay died the same way his father had years before: from a heart attack. There was no doubt who would run the family enterprise going forward. Jay had anointed his eldest son, Tom, then 52—supported by Jay's niece, Penny, 43, and Jay's first cousin Nick (who, at 56, was closer in age to the fourth generation than to the third). They would take over an empire that had grown almost unimaginably vast. The Hyatt chain plus the scores of profitable manufacturing and transportation enterprises owned by Marmon were now worth about $15 billion, making the Pritzkers' one of the largest family fortunes in the nation. Family businesses are notorious for hitting rocky patches after passing to the third generation. The third generation of Pritzkers managed to deliver good financial results and maintain family harmony, but perhaps it was inevitable that conflict would emerge with the fourth: 12 people with a wide range of ages and interests. And so it was. In 2000, John, Daniel, James (now Jennifer), Linda, Karen, Tony, and J.B. accused Tom, Penny, and Nick of diverting assets to themselves instead of to the family. Two years later, J.B.'s much younger first cousins Matthew and Liesel—Robert's children by his second marriage—sued their father, accusing him of taking more than $1 billion from their trust funds. The very public upshot: The family agreed to break up the empire, selling businesses off or taking them public and divvying up the proceeds among the cousins. The unwinding would require a decade to complete and give each Pritzker except Matthew and Liesel control over more than a billion dollars. Continued below
MILWAUKEE, WI - JULY 31: Joe Maddon #70 manager of the Chicago Cubs watches his team from the dugout during the first inning at Miller Park on July 31, 2015 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. (Photo by Tom Lynn/Getty Images)
The Chicago Cubs are the hottest team in the National League and one of the most impressive stories in baseball this season, and a big part of their success has been the managerial prowess of Joe Maddon.
With the team's success and potential first playoff berth in seven years on the line, the manager has decided that he is going to take a page from the playbook of some of the city's most famous coaches and has grown a beard as a result.
Here is more from Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times:
“Shortly into the season, Maddon said someone told him that all coaches and managers who won championships in Chicago, at least somewhat recently, had mustaches – Mike Ditka with the Bears, Phil Jackson with the Bulls, Ozzie Guillen with the White Sox, and Joel Quenneville with the Blackhawks (over the Lightning).
“So since facial hair is the key, I thought I would take it to the next level,” Maddon said. “I'm trying. I've always been challenged. But I'm not giving up on it.”
While those coaches were all seemingly empowered by their facial hair (Jackson had a mustache before going with a full beard later in his tenure with the Bulls), there is one thing that Maddon may want to keep in mind: Frank Chance, the only manager in Cubs history to win a World Series title, was clean shaven.
QUEBEC — With the government mulling over changes, a coalition of groups fighting discrimination is urging Quebec to not cave in to political pressures and scale back or scrap hearings into systemic racism.
“It is imperative that the government of Quebec not back down, but also that it maintain its distance to ensure partisan and electoral interests not influence the work of the Quebec Human Rights Commission,” Samira Laouni said.
Laouni, co-president of the Table de concertation contre le racisme systémique — which includes about 30 anti-racism groups — called a news conference in Montreal to express concern about Premier Philippe Couillard's statement that he might scale back the hearing process.
Laouni said the government can't have it both ways: set up an independent process to be run under the umbrella of the Quebec Human Rights Commission and then start meddling in the process when the heat is on.
She said it's a question of respect because systemic racism is a “profound social problem” affecting access to employment, justice and health and education services of about a million Quebecers. The hearing process is a way to expose the issue and change the attitude of institutions and organizations in their dealings with minorities.
Cancelling the hearings or watering them down amount to the same unacceptable idea, she said in a hard-hitting statement.
On Tuesday, two Liberal MNAs from the Quebec City region said the government's decision to hold such hearings was a factor in the party's electoral loss in the riding of Louis-Hébert.
Clearly rattled, Premier Philippe Coulliard — who got an earful from his caucus on the issue Wednesday — conceded the hearings were a factor in the vote, mainly because opposition politicians cranked up the idea they amount to putting Quebecers on trial for racism.
Despite his personal strong support for the hearings — he has said a mature society needs to be mature enough to face its demons — the premier changed his tune, throwing the hearings into doubt.
While he said the goal of fighting systemic racism remains, Quebec is rethinking how to get there and wants to be sure it is going in “the right direction.”
“We got the message (in Louis-Hébert),” Couillard told reporters. “We do not intend to put anyone on trial.
“We never wanted to accuse anyone or make anyone feel guilty. Certainly not. I don't think Quebec is more to blame than other societies in this domain. What we want to do is reconnect the process with the results we want to achieve.”
He did not elaborate on what he planned to do now and at no time said he was scrapping the whole process.
Couillard's comments, however, created instant confusion.
Immigration Minister Kathleen Weil, who is responsible for the process, insisted later that nothing has fundamentally changed.
“What the adjustments are, I can't really answer,” Weil said. “We're proceeding. We're going forward with this consultation. The forum at the end of it all is the most important part.”
Later, aides said a number of scenarios are being kicked around, including scrapping the roving regional hearings planned to start later this month. The grand provincial forum, planned for November, would go ahead.
Backing out won't be easy. Thirty-one minority organizations have already signed up to conduct hearings, forums and debates in 13 regions of Quebec. Close to $1 million has been earmarked for the process.
Wednesday, two of the three opposition parties — which have opposed the idea from the start, accusing the Liberals of wanting to put Quebecers in the prisoner's box — declared a partial victory.
“I think he's (Couillard) in big trouble and he knows it,” Parti Québécois Leader Jean-François Lisée told reporters. “He's trying to find a way to save face. I welcome the fact he has wisened up to the notion it was a bad idea and that action (on racism) is needed, not more talk.”
“Mr. Couillard is now juggling with the idea of cancelling it, but I don't understand why it's taking so much time,” added Coalition Avenir Québec Leader François Legault.
“Quebecers don't need an identity argument right now.”
Couillard's only opposition pal turned out to be Québec solidaire MNA Amir Khadir, who said he's ready to sit down with Couillard and help him find a way out of the political quagmire.
But Couillard put it bluntly.
“The voters sent us a very important message,” he said. “We have to listen to it. In life what matters is not the slap which was inflicted, it's how we pull ourselves back up and what we do with the message.”
pauthier@postmedia.com
twitter.com/philipauthier
JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian President Joko Widodo and his vice president called for peace as tensions rose on Thursday ahead of a protest planned by hardline Muslim groups against the Jakarta governor, a Christian and the first ethnic Chinese in the job.
Leader of hardline Muslim group Islamic Defenders Front (FPI) Rizieq Shihab walks to meet the call of the Criminal Investigation Police during an investigation of Jakarta Governor Basuki Tjahja Purnama in Jakarta, Indonesia, November 3, 2016 Antara Foto/Puspa Perwitasari/via REUTERS
The groups claim that Governor Basuki Tjahja Purnama, popularly known as “Ahok”, had insulted the Koran and was guilty of blasphemy. They plan a protest rally on Friday.
Security has been tightened in Jakarta, a sprawling city of 10 million, and police have deployed armored vehicles and armed personnel as the plan stoked religious and ethnic tensions in the world's largest Muslim-majority nation.
“Everything and everyone should continue to work as normal, schools should run as normal,” Widodo said in a joint statement with Vice President Jusuf Kalla.
Kalla added: “The government will listen to all opinions...but I believe because the protest will be carried out on Friday, a holy day, protesters will be respectful. That is our hope.”
But some businesses have told employees to stay home on Friday, citing fears that violence could erupt during the rally.
Police said dozens of social media accounts had been found “publishing provocative statements and images” and urging people to take violent action in the name of Islam against Purnama, including calls to kill him.
“We have seen racially and ethnically divisive statements being spread online and there are indications many of them are anti-Chinese,” said Jakarta police spokesman Awi Setiyono.
Ethnic Chinese make up just over one percent of Indonesia's 250 million people, who are overwhelmingly Muslim. Typically, Indonesian Chinese do not enter politics, but Purnama has been a close ally of Widodo for decades.
He was the deputy governor of Jakarta when Widodo was governor and took over when Widodo stepped down in 2014 to contest the presidency.
Critics say Widodo's government is doing little to contain the increasingly hostile rhetoric against Purnama from hardline Muslim groups. The mounting religious and ethnic tensions come ahead of next year's election for Jakarta governor in which Purnama has said he will be a candidate.
“This theater of hatred will continue if (Widodo) doesn't tackle it and Indonesia will be a different country with less tolerance and more persecution of minorities,” said Andreas Harsono of Human Rights Watch.
Muslim groups have accused Purnama of blasphemy after he said his opponents had deceived voters by attacking him using a verse from the Koran. Police are investigating the case against Purnama, who has apologized for the remarks.
Widodo has vowed not to interfere in the legal proceedings against Purnama, according to the Indonesian Clerical Council, a Muslim group.
“The president has said he has instructed (police) to process the investigation and that he will not intervene in this matter,” council member Ma'aruf Amin told reporters after meeting Widodo earlier this week.
BLASPHEMY LAWS
Police are stepping up patrols and online monitoring in a “show of force” ahead of Friday's rally. About 18,000 police and military personnel will be deployed on the day of the protest.
Armored police trucks and armed troopers stood outside the governor's office at City Hall and outside the presidential palace, where thousands of protesters are expected to march on Friday.
A spiritual leader for the protest organizer, the Islamic Defenders Front (FPI), insisted its actions on Friday would be peaceful.
“This is not anti-Christian or anti-Chinese action,” Habib Riziek said.
The group has had a history of vigilante attacks and raising complaints of blasphemy against religious minorities since it was formed in 1999. It has also frequently protested against Purnama.
Blasphemy cases were rare during former strongman president Suharto's 32-year reign, when there was little tolerance for hardline religious groups.
But cases have spiked in the country's democratic era after Suharto's fall in 1998, raising fears of increased persecution of minorities.
“If Ahok is taken to court, it will be the most high-profile blasphemy case in Indonesia's history because of his status as a government official,” rights activist Harsono said.
“It will create a precedent of more hatred against Christians, against Chinese and other targets.”
Indonesia recognizes six religions and a vast majority of the population practice a moderate form of Islam. But Indonesian Chinese have faced persecution and violence in the past, especially during the political and social turmoil that gripped the capital when Suharto was toppled.
Hundreds of people were killed during the 1998 violence and thousands of ethnic Chinese fled the country as mobs rampaged through Jakarta, looting and burning Chinese-owned shops and houses.
Communications Minister Rudiantara said the government is working to counter the online “hate speech”.
“Indeed, social media is contributing to the current situation,” he said. “The president has made it clear Indonesia's unity is non-negotiable.”
The race to lead Jakarta, a sprawling city of 10 million, is often hotly contested, with top political parties jostling to get their candidates elected to a job that is seen as a stepping stone to higher political office.
One of Purnama's rivals in the governor's race is the son of former president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
Purnama, who has gained a reputation as a tough reformer, remains a frontrunner in opinion polls.
The City of West Lake Hills started with a drunken plot of revenge.
A decade before Emmett Shelton founded the city in 1953, his brother, Polk, had political aspirations. But when he failed to win the 1937 Democratic primary for a seat in Congress – losing to Lyndon B. Johnson – the brothers and their friends hatched a different plan: build a city to keep their political enemies out.
At least that's how the legend goes.
“Emmett and some of the other fellows that worked hard on the campaign, they got themselves a bottle of brown whiskey and they drove up on top of one of these hills,” Emmett Shelton's stepson, Jeffrey Dochen, says as he points out the window of West Lake Hills City Hall on a recent afternoon.
“The other fellows said, ‘Well, Emmett, you own all this land out here. Why don't you start your own city, and we'll invite only the ones that are on the right side of the issues.'”
And that's just what Shelton did.
Subscribe to the ATXplained podcast
But how have West Lake Hills and other small communities been able to maintain independence as Austin's city limits balloons around them?
Javier Palomares, a developer for a tech company in Austin, asked this question for KUT's ATXplained series: “How did Rollingwood, Sunset Valley and West Lake Hills avoid getting incorporated into Austin?”
Palomares offered a guess: wealth.
“Particularly in the case of West Lake Hills, since I imagine that it's a rather very wealthy community, they have much more political influence than other parts of the Austin metro did," he says. "And, for whatever reason, they chose not to incorporate into Austin.”
These communities are certainly wealthy. But their independence from Austin was more a matter of timing.
“The City of Austin might take us in.”
Under state law, a city can annex only unincorporated land that is just outside its limits.
“You can't come in and annex another city that already exists,” says Virginia Collier, a city planner with Austin.
“In Travis County and surrounding Austin, there's multiple little smaller communities that have incorporated as their own cities,” she says. “So, they have their own city council and mayor and they operate just as independent governments.”
She's referring to places like Webberville and Manor to the east, plus the Village of Volente on the north shore of Lake Travis, which incorporated in 2003. But few small cities are old enough to be almost entirely surrounded by Austin, as Sunset Valley, West Lake Hills and Rollingwood are.
West Lake Hills was the first of the three to enshrine its independence, voting to incorporate in 1953. State law at the time required a population of 200 and no more than 1,280 acres to create a city. Shelton went door to door trying to secure the votes.
“So what they'd do is they'd go out and they would go to the first resident and say, ‘Do you want to be in the new city or not in the new city?'” Dochen says. “And if they said yes, they'd draw the line around them. And then they'd go to the next one and if the next one said no, they didn't want to be in the new city, they'd draw them out.”
Rollingwood and Sunset Valley incorporated just years later, with the same intent: As Austin continued annexing nearby land, these small communities had little interest in being subject to its regulations.
An Austin American-Statesman reporter interviewed local judge W.R. “Bud” Fowler in 1954, after residents voted to incorporate Sunset Valley.
“Fowler said the villagers decided to incorporate to keep the City of Austin from reaching out and taking in their property,” the article reads. “He said imposition of Austin city taxes would have meant that the property owners in Sunset Valley would have had to move away and seek homes elsewhere.”
Shanthi Jayakumar, an amateur historian with the Rollingwood Women's Club, has recorded oral histories with residents who remember the founding of the city just west of MoPac. In one of them, Frank E. Scofield, whose father was the city's first mayor, remembers informal discussions of incorporation in the 1950s.
“As a child I remember meetings between my father and a lot of other men taking place in the living room of our house,” Scofield wrote. Rollingwood became a village in 1955 and a city in 1963. “My mother explained that the men were upset that the City of Austin might take us in and charge us a lot of money.”
Boundaries revised … then reinstated
Despite putting up boundaries between themselves and Austin more than half a century ago, Rollingwood, Sunset Valley and West Lake Hills have each had land disputes with their large municipal neighbor.
In 1969, a group of mostly Travis County residents sued West Lake Hills over the city's boundaries. The residents, who lived in unincorporated land just outside West Lake Hills, wanted to develop their properties in ways the city wouldn't allow, but Austin would.
The case made it to the Texas Court of Civil Appeals, which in 1970, undid West Lake Hills' incorporation, deeming the city illegally founded. The court ruled that its boundaries infringed on Austin's and that the city had done a poor job of providing infrastructure to residents.
But employees of the now-nonexistent city continued to work.
“[C]ity marshal Emmett Shelton Jr. has no power to arrest because his office no longer exists,” a Statesman article from September 1970 reads. “But he's still here patrolling in a car provided him by the former city and using equipment purchased by the former citizens.”
A year later, the Texas Supreme Court reversed the lower court's decision, reinstating West Lake Hills as a city. But the disputed piece of land was given to Austin.
“[A]pproximate perfection in politics and laws.”
“In the shaded valleys and on the tree-blanketed hillsides on Lake Austin's west side there's talk these fall-like days of a Central Texas Utopia,” reads a 1953 Statesman article on the incorporation of West Lake Hills. “The 300-odd inhabitants of this just-born village, being men and women of practical ways, harbor no allusions that they can scale the heights to the full richness of a Utopian order of life. But they plan to travel in that direction until stopped by the roadblock of human failings.”
This “direction” was one toward few – and in some cases, no – property taxes in a suburban landscape.
Sunset Valley has no property tax, while Rollingwood and West Lake Hills maintain a minimal tax rate. While Austin taxes homeowners at a rate of 44 cents per every $100 valuation of their homes, Rollingwood collects just 21 cents and West Lake Hills 6 cents.
Instead, the cities take in a significant amount of sales tax. Sunset Valley, for example, will collect nearly $5 million in sales tax this year.
And then there's the landscape. To maintain a suburban feel, Sunset Valley and West Lake Hills require at least 1 acre of land in order for residents to build a home.
West Lake Hills Mayor Linda Anthony moved to the city in the 1970s.
“When I bought my house, you couldn't see another house from where I lived,” she says. “Dead quiet at night, the sky full of stars, hoot of the owl, yelp of the coyote. It was pretty fabulous.”
But there's a price to pay. The median value of a home in West Lake Hills and Rollingwood is $1 million, while in Sunset Valley that number is closer to half a million.
These cities are also predominantly white: More than 80 percent of Rollingwood and West Lake Hills residents identified as white in 2015. Forty-eight percent of Sunset Valley residents are white.
A handful of people who live in these wealthy enclaves mentioned there's a spirit of independence among residents.
“It was built on volunteerism and it still is,” Jayakumar says. The local women's club, for example, often fundraises to pay for city amenities. “Every single member of our city council, including the mayor, and every member of the boards and commissions … are all volunteers.”
Sunset Valley City Administrator Clay Collins says resident prefer having fewer regulations.
“We have very few streetlights on residential streets. Residents who live on those streets like it that way,” he says. “There's a strong sense of property rights that many of our residents espouse. So, when you add all those things together you have a relatively independent group of people that have some shared values.”
_
The Dodgers are concerned that the injured Chad Billingsley might not return this season, apparently explaining why the team remains in search of starting pitching even after acquiring Josh Beckett last week.
Stan Kasten, the Dodgers' president and chief executive officer, said Thursday night that he fears Billingsley is done for the year. Kasten spoke at a fan discussion presented by the Los Angeles Times and moderated by columnist Bill Dwyre.
In an interview later, Kasten said his comments were made out of concern and "not based on medical evidence." He said the Dodgers' search for pitching was not necessarily motivated by Billingsley's injury.
"There has never been a team in the history of baseball that has not been looking for pitching," Kasten said.
Citing inflammation in his right elbow, the Dodgers put Billingsley on the disabled list last Saturday, one day after he left a start because of the injury. In his six previous starts, he was 6-0 with a 1.30 earned-run average.
Most Americans get their ideas about the Middle Ages from popular culture, like “Game of Thrones,” or from the inevitable rigmarole after a politician refers to “a crusade.” In other words, it's all dragons, dastardly politics and religion-inspired violence. Yet, the European Middle Ages — a period spanning more than 1,000 years — was much richer (and weirder) than even some of the best fiction or political spin.
Myth No. 1
Christianity and Islam were constantly in conﬂict.
In 638 A.D., the Caliph Umar took the city of Jerusalem and pushed the boundaries of Byzantium back toward what's now modern Turkey. This militant expansion, some scholars and pundits say, was the beginning of a centuries-long, still-ongoing clash of civilizations between Christianity and Islam. “For centuries,” the Daily Mail claimed in a November 2015 article about the Islamic State , “Islam and Christianity were locked in a brutal conflict most have forgotten. The horror . . . is that for jihadis it's as real today as it was in the Middle Ages.” Indeed, the Islamic State is often accused of attempting to re-create a “medieval society.”
But there's evidence that, at the outset of Islam's spread, Christians and Muslims worshipped together. Then, throughout the Middle Ages, from Iberia to North Africa to the Middle East, Christians and Muslims behaved like the neighbors they were. Sometimes they feuded, sometimes they ignored one another, and sometimes they helped each other. Certainly there were episodes of horrific violence between them, such as the sack of Jerusalem in 1099 , but there were plenty of other instances of Christian kings hiring Muslim mercenaries against their Christian rivals, or Islamic merchants trading freely with both Muslims and Christians, even while the Third Crusade raged. As late as the 16th century, France had no problem making an alliance with the Ottoman Empire against their common foe, the Holy Roman Empire. We should always be aware of the long, deep historical roots of religious violence, but we also have to be aware that, just like other kinds of violence, it has specific historical circumstances that create it.
Myth No. 2
Everyone deferred to religious authority.
Those pious denizens of the Middle Ages: They “would believe what they were told against the evidence of their own eyes,” as the BBC put it, and were deferential at all times to authority. The words of the 19th-century historian Jacob Burckhardt capture their zeal best: In the Middle Ages, “human consciousness . . . lay dreaming or half awake beneath a common veil. The veil was woven of faith, illusion, and childish prepossession, through which the world and history were seen clad in strange hues.” In other words, it was a period of mystics , charlatans and the naive.
But not everyone spent all their time thinking about God, and some were critical of religious authority. After all, people are people, and they naturally had many interests — including sex, which people in the Middle Ages spent plenty of time thinking, writing and joking about. Sometimes, they worried about avoiding sin. Sometimes, they used sex to strike back against that fear, using comic set-pieces to critique the “virtue” of their clergy; the punch line of one 13th-century poem about a lascivious priest was “one hole satisfies many fools.”
Even in the midst of a Crusade, an anonymous Christian writer could strongly criticize the worldly corruption of its participants and question whether the Crusade should have ever been called.
Myth No. 3
Europeans in the Middle Ages were white and Christian.
Over the past few years, critics have asked why “Game of Thrones,” set in a medieval milieu, is so white. Author George R.R. Martin has explained that “Westeros is the fantasy analogue of the British Isles in its world” and thus appropriately white.
In fact, although nowhere near as diverse as any modern metropolis, medieval Europe pulsed with difference, both racial and religious. Jews and Christians lived together in most major cities. Large portions of Iberia were under Islamic control (Arabs and Berbers, primarily) for nearly 800 years, from 711 to 1492. Recent archeological findings (along with textual sources) in England and France have shown that people originating from North Africa and the Middle East lived in Europe from the 8th century onward; that evidence is now overwhelming.
Race was something that people in the Middle Ages thought about (though in different ways than we do), and it was something that they had no problem depicting as part of their shared history — for instance, the late-11th-century statue of black Saint Maurice in Germany's Magdeburg Cathedral or heroic Feirefiz (literally “half-white and half-black”) in Wolfram von Eschenbach's early-13th-century romance “Parzival.”
Myth No. 4
Everyone thought the Earth was ﬂat.
In 2012, President Obama addressed a Maryland audience on the subject of climate change and its deniers. “We've heard this kind of thinking before,” he said. “Let me tell you something. If some of these folks were around when Columbus set sail, they must have been founding members of the Flat Earth Society. They would not have believed that the world was round.” Bristling at similar flat-Earth jabs, pundit Glenn Beck likewise declared on his television show that it was Italian scientist Galileo Galilei who “fought against the power structure of his own time to enlighten mankind that the Earth wasn't flat.” But did people before the age of discovery really believe the world was flat?
No. This one's a zombie myth. It's been debunked so many times, it's hard to keep track. Yet, it probably persists because of how tied we are today to misconceptions about the Middle Ages — anti-science, technologically backward, and (maybe most important) having lost Greek and Roman learning. In other words, it has everything to do with our notions about the “Dark Ages.”
Christopher Columbus wasn't Italian? Kris Lane, professor of colonial Latin American history at Tulane University, busts five myths about the explorer. (The Washington Post)
To be clear, the idea that the Earth was flat was a pre-Christian Nordic one that didn't survive much longer than the Christianization of Scandinavia in the 9th through 12th centuries. Throughout the rest of Europe and the Mediterranean world, throughout the entire Middle Ages, people knew exactly what the Romans and the Greeks did: that the world is a sphere. This is extraordinarily clear from the large number of surviving medieval maps, such as the wonderful map of the world in Britain's Hereford Cathedral , and from references in various texts like those written in the early 8th century by the Venerable Bede .
Myth No. 5
These were the ‘Dark Ages.'
Thank the preservation group English Heritage, the History Channel or even Harvard professor Stephen Greenblatt for propagating the idea that the Middle Ages placed harsh constraints on “curiosity, desire, individuality, sustained attention to the material world” and “the claims of the body,” in Grenblatt's words. Many interpret the Middle Ages as a period when intellectual inquiry went dormant and the dominance of religion either stopped the progress of mankind or actively worked against those few brave souls trying to lift humanity up.
In reality, the conception of the Middle Ages as the “Dark Ages” began with the Enlightenment. These 17th- and 18th-century thinkers started considering how adherence to religion defined the ages of history. Before Christianity was “antiquity” (for them, good). The spread of Christianity was the “middle age” (bad). Then came the Renaissance revival of classical learning, when religion was cast off, beginning the modern world (good). Anything that held back that modern world was regressive, therefore “medieval.” Aristocracy held back equality, while the church held back science, and so on.
True, the Middle Ages contained violence, repression and terror. But those years also saw the creation of artistic marvels, the birth of the university, breakthroughs in the natural sciences and literature that still moves the soul. Modernity is no different.
Twitter: @prof_gabriele
Five myths is a weekly feature challenging everything you think you know. You can check out previous myths, read more from Outlook or follow our updates on Facebook and Twitter.
A small group of protesters against the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal briefly occupied the Prime Minister's electoral office in Auckland this morning
Photo: Sharon Brettkelly
The police moved on the protesters from the Show Us Ya Text group a short time ago.
Negotiations for the proposed 12-country deal has attracted fierce criticism and sparked large protests.
The Show Us Ya Text group wants the Government to publish the current negotiating text, as well as New Zealand's positions, bottom lines and "decision-making material".
Today they held placards of the women's suffrage movement leader Kate Sheppard, and said they were standing against the anti-democratic practice of negotiating the TPP in secrecy.
Last month, members of the same group invaded Trade Minister Tim Groser's office, washing his windows in a symbolic push for more transparency, while also storming the Ministry of Foreign Affairs' Auckland headquarters.
In his first days in office, President Trump is taking on a dizzying schedule that is decidedly different from those of his immediate predecessors.
Trump is in the Oval Office to take meetings earlier than President Obama, and he's worked through dinner to stay in the West Wing later than President George W. Bush, who would generally return to his residence at 6 p.m. sharp.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump doesn't like to read books, those who know him say. And he doesn't work out because he believes it's an energy drain, according to the 2016 book “Trump Revealed.”
“When you're making speeches for 25,000 people and shouting and screaming and having fun with everybody and making America great again, you get a lot of exercise,” he told People magazine last summer.
Trump does like to watch TV, and he is partial to cable news. On Tuesday night, he tweeted about sending help to Chicago shortly after Fox News host Bill O'Reilly's show aired a segment about crime in the city.
One Trump ally familiar with the president's routines said his White House schedule is similar to the one he's held for years, and described him as “a late-night guy and early morning riser.”
“His body clock is one that is very conducive to running on little sleep,” the ally said, adding that Trump is known to get up before 6 a.m.
The White House has to adapt to each new occupant, including their management styles and lifestyles.
Obama sent a clear message to aides early on that he intended to be home for dinner with his family. But after dinner, the self-dubbed “night guy” would make his way into his personal office in the Treaty Room and resume work, tweaking his speeches and sending emails to staff.
Bush, also an early riser, started his day by getting his wife, former first lady Laura Bush, her coffee and reading the morning papers.
He told his advisers he wanted to be in the Oval Office at 7 a.m. on the dot. But he indicated he wanted downtime in the evenings to exercise and liked to be in bed no later than 10 p.m. and often earlier, Bush's aides recalled.
Trump's pace is a bit more frantic, and many of his daily events are being captured by television cameras in his first week in office.
The 70-year-old is living as a weekday bachelor in the 132-room mansion, as the first lady, Melania Trump, is set to be in New York through the school year with the couple's son, 10-year-old Barron. Melania will be back for weekends and may come to live in Washington, after the school year.
“It's a robust schedule,” one White House aide said. “He isn't wasting any time. He said he was going to go to work for the American people, and that's what he's doing.”
This week, Trump has packed his days with meetings with business leaders and auto industry executives and calls to world leaders, including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel and Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India.
He has also invited Senate leadership to the White House and had individual meetings, including one with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.).
But former White House aides have noticed one thing largely missing from his schedule: the presidential daily briefing. Trump has only received the briefing, set up as a meeting with advisers, once this week — on Monday morning.
Both Bush and Obama typically received the briefing in person. But White House officials say even though Trump hasn't chosen to receive the briefing in person, he has received a hard copy of it each day.
Bradley Blakeman, who served as the deputy assistant to Bush for appointments and scheduling, said the lack of the daily briefing on Trump's calendar isn't unusual.
“Every person has their own style,” Blakeman said, adding that Bush preferred to receive his in person at the start of his day.
“The goal of the president is his time,” he continued, adding that he would build in an hour and a half for Bush's lunch each day and 45 of minutes of administrative time in the morning and again in the afternoon.
“I wanted the president to have the schedule more in his head than in his pocket,” he said.
In some ways, Trump's transition to office has been more seamless than those of his predecessors.
After all, he knows what it's like to live above the store. After working late as president of the Trump Organization, he would routinely take the elevator upstairs to his Trump Tower penthouse.
But without his immediate family regularly around for now, Trump especially “wants to keep himself busy,” Blakeman predicted.
“Because when you go up [to the residence] at 6 p.m., what are you going to do?” he said. “Without your wife and your kid, you're pretty lonely. And being president is a lonely job.”
Jordan Fabian contributed.
Scientists are warning consumers about a range of toxic chemicals that may be leaching into their diet (and bodies) via food packaging. Although the individual amounts are small, and the risk posed by some of the substances is up for debate, researchers say a lifetime of consumption leads to ”chronic” exposure, which can put us at risk for life-threatening disease.
It's no secret that our food system has become a little weird over the past century. What used to be a diet of mostly fresh vegetables, fruit, meat and dairy has been supplanted by drinks and ready meals which are packed and microwaved in plastics. There's more money to be made in food that has a shelf life of months (or even years), so in addition to chemical preservatives, manufacturers dress it up in food packaging that's full of even more dangerous toxins. Eaten over many years, these enriched, pasteurized, nutritionally-hollow ingredients are likely to have a negative impact on your health. According to recent research, the ingredients aren't the only thing that make processed foods dangerous, however.
In their study, researchers from the U.S., Switzerland and Spain looked at food contact materials, or FCMs, such as wrappers, cans and bottles. They found low levels of formaldehyde, a known carcinogen, in plastic bottles. Other chemicals known to disrupt hormone production were also found in FCMs, including bisphenol A, tributyltin, triclosan, and phthalates. In total, say the researchers, the number of known chemical substances used intentionally in FCMs exceeds 4,000.
“Whereas the science for some of these substances is being debated, consumers remain exposed to these chemicals daily, mostly unknowingly,” researchers told Express.
“Some sort of population-based assessment and biomonitoring are urgently needed to tease out any potential links between food contact chemicals and chronic conditions like cancer, obesity, diabetes, neurological and inflammatory disorders, particularly given the known role of environmental pollutants,” they argue.
Others try to downplay the risk posed by food packaging. They say the amount of potential exposure is too small to be a real health threat. This seems incredibly and willfully shortsighted. If you're accidentally exposed to a tiny bit of arsenic (also a known carcinogen) you're not likely to see any serious side effects. But a little bit of arsenic consumed every day will build up in the body over time, creating potential for disease and even death. Why would we expect anything different from the toxic chemicals in food packaging? More importantly, why take the chance?
by Beth Buczynski, organicauthority.com
This list is an attempt to highlight some of the best blogs about bicycle touring that can be found on the web. The ranking was compiled tracking hundreds of bike touring blogs. The top sites that made this list are ranked according to Alexa (33.3%), Domain Authority (33.3%), Page Authority (33.3%) indicators. The list doesn't involve our personal opinion in any way.
The ranking is updated once every year with new blogs and up-to-dated scores. The data was collected on November 17th, 2017 for the current list.
To all who made it to the list, a big congratulation!. You deserved it for the great job you are doing with your blog. For those who didn't make it this time, don't get yourself down. Study what the other blogs are doing and get ready for the next update!
SCORING SYSTEM
In order to evaluate every blog in an objective way we use indicators that measure the web traffic and the authority of the site on the internet.
The total score that every blog receive is based on 3 key indicators: Alexa Score, Page Authority and Domain Authority. For full details on what these indicators mean and how to improve them, we recommend you to read this page on NomadicSamuel.com that explains everything in an easy way to understand.
All the blogs get ranked on these 3 categories and they receive a score (points) according to their rank on each category. The sum of those 3 scores is the blog's total score.
Neuro-Cloud sample textbook chapter
<p><strong>Nov. 2 2013 - NOTE</strong>: This is the repository for the versions and drafts that will come to be the completed project. New format links will also be added as they are generated. Please continue to give feedback using the commenting section, and we will upload our changes as soon as posible. We really want this to be the best textbook availbile. The inital upload was to demonstrate the print layout.</p> <p> </p> <p> </p> <p><strong>Change Log</strong></p> <p><strong>Dec 25 2013 - </strong>Added several contributors to the co-author list and posted textbook model slide deck</p> <p><strong>Nov 23 2013 -</strong> sample chapter added for layout and design demonstration.</p> <p> </p> <p>Neuro-Cloud was started as a small service to publish neuroscience lab data to open-access servers. We hoped to be able to provide a unique data publishing platform that could be accessed by researchers around the world. We found that several open-access platforms already existed and after a year of publishing, we decided to partner with Next Generation Publishing to produce a brand-new type of textbook made by researchers, students, and faculty together, before being peer-reviewed. All of the content in the textbook is open-access, and can be used however, as long as material is attributed where applicable. We want to integrate all of the learning resources available across the web, and provide an academic, narrative-based text to weave facts into the critical thinking applied at the time. We want to teach how scientists have thought about the concrete observations of their times.</p> <p>The first wave of support was inspiring. Would-be contributors were contacted through various social media platforms, and they began working on the text that would become a chapter. This document contains the first piece of the contributor, crowd-force generated chapter, edited and loaded with open content before being peer reviewed. We believe that we have created a sustainable crowd network for generating new learning content. In order to facilitate these services, we are creating open-source web-apps and toolkits that brings contributor's resources together. We have dubbed these services as the ‘Next Generation Textbook Portal' and the ‘Next Generation Textbook Platform.' While these service are still in development, we have created an interactive iBook preview for iOS devices. Please note that the iBook preview is meant to serve as a display of the services included in the iOS, Google App Market, Chrome App, and Web App version. iBook, ePub, pdf and print versions will also be available for free(or at cost, in the case of the print copy.)</p> <p>The Next Generation Textbook Portal is unique because it is a first-of-it's kind model for providing free learning content. We believe that the currant educational market is flooded with ‘Free*' or ‘Freemium” content delivered through in-app purchases and pay-to-remove ad services. We do not believe in releasing a product that is not as complete as possible, without having to download more features. Essentially, we want to provide content that makes students think, “why hasn't this always existed”. Further, we want to empower the student to learn in whichever setting they choose. Our material can be accessed as part of a traditional course, through a web course, or just by someone wanting to learn. The Next Generation Textbook Portal will provide the database hub that allows users to register with a class, battle other classes, or create their own learning tool.</p>
" EX is an Excursion into the past Exploring the uncertainty of the future, EX panding and EX tending the immersive atmospheres of my Plastikman project." - Richie Hawtin aka Plastikman
Bio
Richie Hawtin is many things – an extraordinary DJ, creator of the ENTER. Experience in Ibiza, mastermind behind the Minus label, technological innovator, art aficionado, style icon. Before this, though, and perhaps most famously of all, he was and is Plastikman, an electronic music phenomenon whose followers are legion and fanatic.
Between 1993 and 2003 Plastikman created an astonishing body of work, one that didn't so much define a time and place as explode them, expanding the dimensions of Detroit techno and redefining the possibilities of electronic dance music. Across six albums (‘Sheet One', ‘Musik', ‘Recycled Plastik', ‘Consumed', ‘Artifakts (B.C.)', and ‘Closer)' and numerous singles such as ‘Spastik', ‘Plastique', and ‘Sickness', Plastikman evolved into one of contemporary electronic music's most distinctive voices: minimalist, psychedelic, groove-laden and ever mindful of the transcendent properties of electronica.
As the ‘90s dawned, Plastikman also helmed some of the most intense, mind- bending parties underground electronic music has ever known. They took place in and around Detroit, as well as Hawtin's home town of Windsor, Ontario, and their reputation spread worldwide by word-of-mouth, snail mail and message boards. The parties were based on those he'd experienced as a teenager at Detroit's legendary Music Institute; a black sweatbox of a room, a single strobe light, and the phattest sound system.
As with his ENTER. extravaganzas at Space in Ibiza today – albeit on a different scale - Hawtin and associates staged elaborate events whose every detail was intended to pull people out of the everyday and plunge them into the unknown. Events such as Hard, Hardest, Heaven & Hell, Spastik, Jak, Sickness & Recovery, and the Fuk Tour raised the bar for what was possible. Using materials as basic as a roll of black plastic sheeting over walls and ceilings, or as elaborate as the 40,000 square feet of the abandoned Packard automobile factory in Detroit (where Plastikman's first live performance took place), they transformed spaces into microcosms, featuring probing lights, bowls of fresh fruit, Melba toast dipped in acid, and pools of goldfish. At the heart of it all was ‘the System', a four point Cerwin Vega sound system (when two were standard), arranged in the round. These events not only made Plastikman a hero across the Midwestern USA, they helped create a platform for an entire scene to develop.
Plastikman gained a hardcore following with an extensive mailing list of fans across America. By shrouding the parties in secrecy, they stayed one step ahead of both the cops and the commercial mainstream. They were exclusive but inclusive, designed to remain hidden to all but the committed. The striking thing was how this spirit remained long after Plastikman had gone global, how the idea of this narcotic, techno outlaw made fans want Plastikman's lysergic dancing logo tattooed on their very skin as a sign of affiliation.
And then there's the music, even more groundbreaking than the events, suggesting new directions and shapes for techno at every step. On 28th October 1993 the ‘Sheet One' album was released in Canada on Hawtin and John Acquaviva's Plus 8 label (soon appearing overseas on NovaMute). It had a cover designed to look and feel like blotter acid and was a cohesive statement at a time when techno was mostly a matter of 12” singles. Without knowing exactly what he was embarking upon, and without even having yet invented Plastikman, Hawtin had recorded virtually the entire thing across two days and nights in the studio he dubbed UTK (or Under The Kitchen), in the basement of his parents' house in Windsor, Ontario. ‘Sheet One' changed the shape of techno virtually overnight and sent ripples through the landscape of electronic music.
A year later came ‘Musik', an even fuller exploration of the area between techno and ambient listening music. Like ‘Sheet One', ‘Musik' focused on the sound of the Roland TB-303 but was lithe and lyrical, worlds away from conventional bangin' techno. More than anything, it challenged techno's harder/faster/louder trajectory by slowing down and tripping out, just as Richie's extended DJ sets took dancers on a journey from passion to mania to a kind of enlightened calm.
In 1995, just as Plastikman was exploding—thanks partly to live shows performed from Glastonbury to Tokyo—Hawtin was caught crossing the border without work papers and barred from entering the United States. He was able to return a year and a half later but the experience affected him profoundly and Plastikman subsequently took a darker, more introspective turn. 1998's ‘Consumed' reflected that period of isolation and exile, as well as Hawtin's own ambivalence towards his growing fame. After several years of no-holds-barred parties, ‘Consumed' wasn't so much a comedown as a new and unexpected phase on a psychedelic trip without end. Inspired in part by a sense of spatial and personal dislocation that he experienced one night, deep in the countryside, ‘Consumed' was both Plastikman's darkest, strangest album and also his best-selling (It was even nominated for Prix Ars Electronica's esteemed Golden Nica award). ‘Artifakts (B.C.)' followed in the same year, collecting material intended for a never-released album called ‘Klinik', originally the third part of the ‘Sheet One'/'Musik' trilogy which ‘Consumed' had replaced.
By the early ‘00s, after a period in New York, Hawtin moved to Berlin. His Minus label had established a new, global community of artists and fans and his reputation as a DJ was soaring, thanks in part to his adventurous mix CDs (‘Decks, EFX & 909', ‘DE9 | Closer to the Edit', and ‘DE9 | Transitions'). Then, in 2003, Plastikman returned with a fifth album, ‘Closer'. For its creation Hawtin had returned to Windsor and delved deep into his alter ego once again, moulding Plastikman's sound into new, alien forms as he probed the recesses of his psyche. In an unintended twist on the album's title, ‘Closer' closed a chapter of the Plastikman story. Although three further Plastikman singles appeared in a series called ‘Nostalgik', it wasn't until 2010-11 that Hawtin returned fully with Plastikman Live 1.5, a wildly ambitious multimedia show combining live performance of Plastikman classics with synchronized visuals on a massive, semi-circular LED screen. It was accompanied by ‘Kompilation', a Hawtin-curated selection of Plastikman's greatest moments, followed by ‘Arkives', the complete compendium of Plastikman releases to date. The limited edition gatefold boxset included 15 CDs and 1 DVD, a book of rare photographs and historical details of the Plastikman story. Many presumed that as Hawtin's career went from strength-to-strength the Plastikman story was finished. They presumed wrong.
Last autumn Raf Simons, Creative Director at Dior, a man who listens “to Richie Hawtin's music like others listen to classical music”, asked him to put on a special performance at the Guggenheim, New York's iconic art museum, the centre-piece for their annual fund-raiser. From this event there was an unexpected knock-on effect.
“I knew that Raf Simons was a long, long time Plastikman fan,” is how Hawtin explains it, “and signing on for the project really forced me to find the time to not only get back to Plastikman but to get back into the studio. In five days I'd recorded enough material for a new album. Music came out of me because of the opportunity to play in this beautiful architectural space renowned for art not music. It allowed me to step very far from dancefloor, gave me a huge amount of freedom back. Art and music, architecture and music, painting, sculpture - these mediums live together.”
The Guggenheim show, a major success constructed around an LED obelisk, thawed his lengthy production hiatus and has resulted in the first full Plastikman studio album in over a decade. The new release, titled ‘EX', is from the material recorded for the Guggenheim event. It is the first part of Plastikman's return to music production. Expect more in 2015.
Plastikman is also returning to the live arena at Sonar 2014, where the new tracks will be presented, pushing the boundaries of techno, offering a synchronicity of art and sound, a place for electronica that's both cinematic and thought-provoking. Plastikman's career has pushed at the frontiers of dance music, rejecting first the endless drive for faster speeds and, later, the blatant pop aspirations in favour of more imagination and more musical engagement. Plastikman was never going to be a heritage dance act. It is a creative force that will not be stopped. This latest renaissance once again opens doors few never knew existed, showcasing a master at work.
Alma Deutscher is already an accomplished musician; she's mastered the piano and the violin. Now she can add composing her own opera to the list - and she's only seven years old.
Like so many other child prodigies, she plays beautifully. But what sets her apart is her ability to write, and improvise, classical music.
Deutscher can sit at the piano and create music that sounds as if it had been written for her.
"It's as if she's speaking to Mozart and Bach and questioning them and then answering in their language," Robert Gjerdingen, professor of music theory and cognition at Northwestern's Bienen School of Music, told ABC News. He has been helping the Deutscher family teach Alma in a classic style that encourages her ability to improvise. "Usually prodigies excel in reproducing music, not in creating it. She is the Bobby Fisher of music."
"When I compose, I'm very happy if I manage to find a beautiful melody," Alma told the BBC.
The young musician hails from the country town of Surrey, England, and has always showed a passion for the arts.
"It was striking that when she was about three, she heard a lullaby by Straus, by Richard Straus," says her mother, Janie Deutscher. "And she came to us and said, 'How can music be so beautiful?' She was so struck by the beauty of it."
For her most recent project, Alma composed a seven-minute opera called 'The Sweeper of Dreams."
She woke up one morning with a musical theme in her head and with the help of her father, who is also an amateur musician, she recorded the theme on the piano.
She later fashioned the theme she recorded into a seven-minute "mini-opera" for a competition held by the English National Opera, which praised her work.
The opera features a Dream Sweeper, whose job it is to make you forget your dreams. One day the Dream Sweeper is fired and, after convincing skeptical adults, a 16-year-old girl replaces him. "I was born for this job," she sings.
Alma felt the story was perfect for her. But she doesn't have to wait that long to impress adults. She is often compared to another famous prodigy, whom in some respects she actually is ahead of. While Mozart could play and name notes at three years old, Alma could do that at two. And Mozart wrote his first songs at age five - Alma began improvising at just four.
And for the seven-year-old musician, it just comes naturally.
"Normally when I try to think of ideas, it doesn't come," she said. But "when I'm improvising, then I have lots of ideas."
US President Donald Trump said the Paris agreement "front loads costs on American people", "disadvantages the US" to benefit other countries and causes a "vastly diminished economic reduction". He said: "In order to fulfill my solemn duty to protect America... the United States will withdraw from the Paris climate accord.” The Republican leader says the decision fulfills his promise to "put American workers first". Mr Trump said he hopes to seek "a better deal" and the current "deal subjects our citizens to harsh economic restrictions " and "punishes the United States".
SKY NEWS Donald Trump is set to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement
In order to fulfill my solemn duty to protect America... the United States will withdraw from the Paris climate accord Donald Trump
He said the US will begin negotiations to re-enter a Paris accord or new accord on terms fair to America. President Trump said: "But begin negotiations to reenter either the Paris accord or an entirely new transaction on terms that are fair to the United States. “So we're getting out but we'll start to negotiate and we'll see if we can make a deal that's fair." President Trump went on: "As someone who cares deeply about the environment, as I do, I cannot in good conscience support a deal which harms the United States, which it does. "We will have the cleanest air, the cleanest water, but we're not going to lose our jobs." The President also claimed Paris would have outlawed US coal but allowed China and Indian coal. He said: “In short the agreement doesn't eliminate coal jobs, it just transfers those jobs out of the United States.
Donald Trump meets Pope Francis in the Vatican Wed, May 24, 2017 Donald Trump met Pope Francis for a private audience in the Vatican Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 13 The Pope and the US President exchange gifts
SKY NEWS Mike Pence praised Trump for a 'great' speech
Former US president Barack Obama reacted to the news, saying he was confident states, cities and businesses would “step up”. And in a swipe to the now President he said America had joined a handful of countries who “reject the future”. In a statement he said: “I believe that the United States of America should be in the front of the pack. "But even in the absence of nations that reject the future; I'm confident that our states, cities and businesses will step up and do even more to lead the way, and help protect for future generations the one planet we've got." Introducing President Trump, Vice President Mike Pence dedicated his speech to "a president who is fighting everyday to make Amrica great again." He said: "President Trump is working tirelessly to keep to the promises he made to the American people. "Thanks to President Trump, America is back. He said Trump was putting "American jobs and American consumers first. American energy and indusry first." Mr Pence added: "His actions today show he is choosing the forgetten American men and women first.
SKY NEWS Trump said the deal 'punishes the US'
Major League Soccer announced on Thursday it has extended its relationship with California-based Match Analysis to continue use of the K2 Panoramic Video system, player tracking and tactical analysis tools. With this move, MLS becomes the first major professional sports league in the United States to track and analyze the movement of all its players and officials in every match.
The K2 Panoramic Video system is made up of three cameras stitched into one seamless video to provide a unique corner flag to corner flag view. The video feed archives also provide a coach and technical staff complete touch-by-touch video in focusing in on either a single player or pulling back to see their entire team shape.
Traditional tracking systems provide an overhead "bird's eye" animation: just circles and numbers moving around on a green rectangle. The K2 Panoramic Video system is a highly natural, interactive way to watch a match.
Match Analysis recently completed camera installation and testing in all 18 MLS venues and the long-term deal announced on Thursday furthers the current relationships Match Analysis holds with the majority of MLS clubs, delivering video and statistical analysis tools and data.
"Our goal at MLS is not just to repeat what is already available but to continually push the boundaries of technology and performance analysis,” said MLS executive VP of competition, technical and game operations Nelson Rodríguez in a league statement. “In conjunction with our existing relationships, this new agreement with Match Analysis is a major step toward making MLS one of the most technologically advanced leagues in the world."
The idea of Match Analysis is not only to show where players are on the field — that's certainly important — but furthermore to gain insight as to where they should instead be on the field of play.
For instance, touch a player in the video, and the player's name and number instantly appear. Touch the four players in the back line, and a line appears on the field between them ... not just in an animation, but in the video itself. With a click, the offsides line appears in the video. By clicking "Team Shape" a coach is shown how compact or disorganized his team is working on the field.
Match Analysis' K2 Panoramic Video system also serves as an incredibly useful tool for the review and developent process of referees. Whether the center official or the assistant referee on the near or far side, the K2 Panoramic Video system sees match officials and holds them accountable as to where they should be.
BEIJING (Reuters) - Google Inc, the world's leading search engine, said on Monday it was concerned about the free flow of information on the Internet if Microsoft Corp were to succeed in acquiring Yahoo Inc.
Google Chief Executive Eric Schmidt attends a news conference in Beijing March 17, 2008. Google Inc, the world's leading search engine, said on Monday it was concerned about the free flow of information on the Internet if Microsoft Corp were to succeed in acquiring Yahoo Inc. REUTERS/Grace Liang
Last month, Microsoft proposed buying Yahoo in a deal originally worth $44.6 billion, but Yahoo's board has rejected the offer, saying it was too low.
“We would be concerned by any kind of acquisition of Yahoo by Microsoft,” Chief Executive Eric Schmidt told reporters.
“We would hope that anything they did would be consistent with the openness of the Internet, but I doubt it would be.”
Schmidt pointed to Microsoft's past history and “the things that it has done that have been so difficult for everyone”, but he did not elaborate.
Last year, a European court upheld a landmark 2004 decision that Microsoft abused the near-monopoly power of its Windows operating system to damage competitors, along with a 497 million euro ($695 million) fine.
“We are concerned that there are things Microsoft could do that would be bad for the Internet,” said Schmidt.
Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer pledged earlier this month that his company would gain market share against Google in online advertising and Web searching, even if led to his “last breath” at the company.
In a Reuters poll of financial analysts, the overwhelming majority said they believed Microsoft would eventually succeed in buying Yahoo, but many said they felt it may not be the best use of its ample cash reserves.
($=7.09 yuan)
It would be hard to find a trend in marketing hotter than so-called "native" ads. Broadly speaking, they're ads that look and feel like content and not like online banners that people find so easy to ignore.
One guarantee you'll hear more about them: San Francisco-based Sharethrough has raised $17 million in Series C funding, another indication that the ecosystem of companies attempting to be networks for this type of advertising are gaining some traction.
Sharethrough CEO Dan Greenberg
Sharethrough's technology lets brands inject content that already exists on the internet -- be it a YouTube video, Vine video, photos posted to their sites, or articles that mention them -- into content streams on more than 200 publisher sites. The notion behind these ads is that they are noticed because they're in the feed where most eyes are, not on the fringes where banners tend to be.
Resulting revenue is shared with the company's publisher partners, which include Time Inc., Forbes, USA Today Sports Media Group and Abrams Media, at varying splits. The company's CEO Dan Greenberg said that customers -- which have included brand marketers like Pepsi, Jim Beam, Intel and Clorox -- spend $100,000 per campaign, on average.
More feeds
Mr. Greenberg says he looks at the company's growth opportunity through the lens of how many major publishers are incorporating feeds -- or vertical streams of content, in the vein of the Facebook news feed -- in the design of their websites and apps. The added bonus is they work well on mobile devices which are optimized for the feed and where banners are particularly challenged.
Last year, the company introduced the option for brands looking to target a specific audience on mobile to buy programatically in an auction-based system. It intends to add desktop inventory to that mix, but mobile has been the priority, Mr. Greenberg said. That's largely because of how many mobile sites are incorporating vertical feeds.
"You could name any publisher off the top of your head, and I almost guarantee that they're going to have a really clean mobile news feed," he said.
Mr. Greenberg said he intends to grow the company's engineering, sales and business development teams. (The latter is charged with bringing publisher partners on board.) Sharethrough currently has about 100 employees, and he expects to add 40 or 50 jobs this year.
Founded in 2008, the company has previously raised $11 million, and the new $17 million round is in debt and equity financing. Three new investors -- Elevation Partners, Silver Creek Ventures and Sharethrough's own president Patrick Keane -- joined existing investors Floodgate and North Bridge Venture Partners in contributing to it.
Bureaucratic bungling has stalled a critical animal welfare rulemaking action aimed at cracking down on the barbaric practice of horse soring—with the U.S. Department of Agriculture withdrawing new regulations that had been broadly supported by hundreds of lawmakers in Congress, the veterinary community, a wide range of horse industry organizations, The Humane Society of the United States and Humane Society Legislative Fund. The rule had previously been announced as finalized by the USDA, but for it to be implemented, it must be published in the Federal Register. That didn't happen in a timely way, and a decision by the Trump administration to freeze all pending rules captured the soring rule and put it in limbo.
The USDA had posted on its website the text of a final rule well in advance of Inauguration Day for the new president. But for some unexplained reason, the Federal Register delayed the publication of the rule. That language was not given the required one-day-early advance posting on the Federal Register until the day before Inauguration Day, and the Federal Register was closed on Inauguration Day.
Wayne Pacelle, president and CEO of The HSUS, said: “Bureaucratic bungling scuttled a rule that policymakers and executive agencies agreed was the right thing. Now only the Trump administration can revive this long overdue rule, which enjoyed enormous bipartisan Congressional backing by 224 Senators and Representatives, and generated more than 100,000 public comments in support. Congress also can and should take action by passing to Prevent All Soring Tactics (PAST) Act that had 323 cosponsors in the last session, but we urge the Trump administration to take an honest look at the issue and to publish the rule and adopt it.”
The USDA rule would strengthen regulations to end the cruel practice of soring—the intentional infliction of pain on the hooves and limbs of Tennessee walking horses and racking horses to induce the pain-based show gait known as the Big Lick. The rule would eliminate the failed system of industry self-policing that the USDA's own Office of Inspector General deemed corrupt and ineffective in a 2010 audit, and prohibit the use of large stacked shoes, ankle chains, and other harmful devices that the American Horse Council, the American Veterinary Medical Association and many others have said are integral to the soring process.
Support the work of our Equine Protection Campaign. Donate Now
Kelly's as was
Dave Lannigan in Ride's new railway arch
When I moved to the south side of Glasgow fifteen years ago, I'd never lived quite so close to such a wide range of pubs before. I could nip out late at night for a sneaky pint and be back home again in twenty minutes. The pints would be at Samuel Dow's, the last-but-one relic of a pub empire that once owned pubs all over the city, all called Samuel Dow's (The remaining pub is in Dundas St opposite Queen St Station). At that time Samuel Dow's sold Harviestoun and Fyne beers in very good condition. I remember one morning a friend came round to help me homebrew. We were very proud to get the mash on and be at Dow's for opening time.Alternatively there was the Allison Arms and its magic fridge Time went on, Samuel Dow's got a new licensee, the beer quality declined and eventually it was converted into a branch of Lebowski's, the group that runs a selection of other dull bars around Glasgow.Inevitably, it was only once I moved elsewhere that things started getting interesting again. The stretch of Pollokshaws Road between Queen's Park and Calder Street has been extensively hipsterfied (or gentrified, depending on how you see things) and now offers a wide array of eating and drinking establishments, with more due. There are three coffee shops alone within fifty metres of each other. Ranjit's Kitchen, Glasgow's leading vegetarian curry house, stands out in an area endowed with many excellent curry houses. Just off Pollokshaws Road, Locavore, a social enterprise devoted to local food and small-scale farming, is doing so well that it's moving for the second time to new and bigger premises, a former pub (the Pandora) not far away on Victoria Road. This area has very quickly leapfrogged the over-hyped Finnieston north of the river – possibly because it's still affordable for the bohemians to live nearby who make the area interesting in the first place.The latest news is that Koelschip Yard – a bar in the mould of Edinburgh's Hanging Bat and Salt Horse – is to open in premises that were Kelly's bar until fairly recently.The Allison Arms has been more fortunate than Dow's or Kelly's: still going strong, having attracted a new and hip clientele, and the beer fridges have expanded to fill almost an entire wall. Well-established cafe Gusto & Relish is still there too (which was already doing beer menus back in 2011 ). Of course, Heraghty's Bar seems set to go on forever, or at least as long as Jack McLean is still to be seen standing outside the front door.The old Kind Man/Strathie has been refurbished as The Rum Shack which has been developing a reputation for its food, music and rum, though I haven't been in to check out their beer. In the immediate area only the Regent and the Titwood Bar remain with the old formula of “men and Tennent's”. It remains to be seen how long they will survive with it.Further north, still just south of the Clyde, the Laurieston Bar is now the only pub on the block. Of the two other, decidedly dodgy, bars on Bridge Street, the Waterfront (once a handsome pub called Stevenson Holmes & Co., and latterly the Glaswegian) closed and has since been refurbished to become a vegetarian Chinese restaurant, while the Sou'Wester just closed.Just round the corner, though, Glasgow is getting its first railway arch brewery, in the shape of Ride Brewing Co. Owner Dave Lannigan has been talking about this for as long as I've known him and it's finally open for business. This is very good news, because while I haven't had much of Dave's beer it's always been impressive: elegant, extremely well balanced and drinkable.It's a tiny outfit still, with 200L fermenters, but as Dave has been brewing on glorifed homebrew kit until now, even that is a big expansion. One advantage of being so small, of course, is that you don't need many outlets for your beer. The Old Toll Bar in Kinning Park – which has just put in its second handpump – Marchtown, and the new Wee Beer Shop mentioned above will be selling Ride beer.Of Ride's first commercial beers, Gorbals Calypso is a 7.4% Vermont-style IPA, a style which Glasgow nanobrewers have taken to their hearts. The keg version is quite full-bodied and tropical. In the cask it's quite different: more highly attenuated, drier, and the citrus and pithy bitterness come through more. Charon is an American-style “robust porter” with Chinook hops, very roasty and bitter. Both were on tap at a pop-up back on the Bungo booze trail – the Wee Beer Shop. It isn't a shop yet, as owner Niall Kennedy has only just got the keys. As yet there are no shop fittings or even a sign, but that doesn't stop you having a pop-up these days: all you need is for the electricity to be working and to know some brewers.Besides Ride there was a new beer from Up Front – Yojo, a fruited gose with kalamansi. This is exactly the sort of beer I would instinctively say shouldn't be allowed, but Jake at Up Front has pulled off another cracker: the bitter citrus fruit is subdued and merges sublimely with acidity and salt. Just to confound my prejudices further, this beer is kettle-soured.Niall explained that his focus will be mostly but not exclusively on Scottish beers, with a range perhaps slightly less esoteric than Koelschip Yard across the road will offer.Less than a year ago Marchtown wine and beer bar/shop launched itself with a similar pop-up just a few steps down the road. I called in on the way to Wee Beer and every table was packed. If Wee Beer can have the same success I imagine Niall will be very happy.
A pedestrian uses a Union Jack umbrella to shelter from the London rain after Britain's pro-Brexit vote. (Justin Tallis/AFP/Getty Images)
When more than 17 million British voters chose on June 23 to leave the European Union, it caused shock and consternation among political commentators on every major news channel — BBC, Sky, Fox, CNN. Many asked why the pollsters and markets got it wrong. Former U.S. treasury secretary and current-day pundit Larry Summers went so far in a June 24 Wonkblog post as to say that the term “political science” was an oxymoron.
[Post-Brexit, the U.K. is in its worst political crisis since 1940.]
Mr. Summers is wrong. The fault lay not with the discipline of political science, but with the embrace by so many media people and elites of the idea that “it's (always) the economy, stupid.” The strong version of this claim holds that voters calculate their personal material self-interest and vote accordingly. Under this account, it's no surprise that cosmopolitan Londoners chose to remain — they knew that leaving the E.U. would hurt their pocketbooks.
But what about those in the economically stagnant north of England — fearful of job competition from abroad, but sensitive to economic downturn and looking to benefit from E.U. financial assistance? Here, a weaker model of economic voting would expect the “Project Fear” messages from politicians and experts — which predicted economic calamity — to make people worried about potential economic losses and keep Britain in the E.U.
[Forget “House of Cards.” Watch “The Thick of It” if you want to understand the U.K.'s omnishambles.]
However, neither theory reflects a consensus among political scientists. A wide body of work in political science has in fact shown that the impact of economic self-interest on political attitudes and action — in domains ranging from tax policy and affirmative action to health care and immigration — is quite limited.
Why is this so? People may not be able to calculate the personal consequences of political policies or may be misled by confusing information and slogans. Even when they can actually figure out the costs and benefits, their calculations may be overwhelmed by the more powerful forces of deeply held identities and predispositions. Self-interest, defined as “what's in it for me,” matters most when the stakes in a vote are large, visible and certain.
In the case of Brexit, many seemed not to believe the “remain” camp's claim that Brexit would result in a loss of more than 4,000 pounds a year in the average person's income. Public opinion research shows that the arguments of experts and leaders can be persuasive, but only for people who trust these experts or leaders.
[No, Brexit is not the end of the liberal world order.]
An alternative analysis would start from group identities, arguing that the vote on Brexit can be framed in terms of how people think of “Us” and “Them.” Public opinion research provides clear guidance in this area.
Above all, the “remain” campaign faced the difficult challenge of justifying a set of European institutions to a nation that had historically held itself apart from the continent. Polling perennially depicts a British public more attached to its country than to Europe.
[The British people have spoken. But what exactly did they say?]
For example, the Eurobarometer poll asks people to say whether they identify only with their own nation; with their nation and then with Europe; or with Europe first and only then with their nation. As the figure below shows, in Europe as a whole, national identity swamps the emotional connection to Europe — by about 85 to 15 percent in 2010. In the U.K., the gap between a purely national attachment and self-definition as “just European” was more pronounced than in the rest of Europe. While Europe exists as a set of institutions, there are few people who feel themselves to be deeply European and united by a common “We” feeling. This matters when people are confronted with the potential loss of national culture and symbols.
Percentage of persons who self-identify as national and European, 2007-2010.
Series I: 2007; Series 2: 2010
Sources: Eurobarometers 2008 and 2010
Polling also shows resistance to strengthening the institutions that might one day foster pan-European identity. In 2008, the European Social Survey (ESS) asked people to use a scale of 0 to 10 to evaluate whether European unification had gone too far or not far enough. In 2008, before the recession and economic austerity, 48 percent of the collective European public felt that it had gone too far (4 and lower) with 26 percent feeling it had not gone far enough (6 and above).
The figure below offers a broader view of public sentiment, showing levels of trust in the E.U. parliament, trust in a country's own parliament, and attitudes toward immigration. Britain's mean score of 3.4 on a trust-in-E.U. measure scored from 0 to 10 was more Euroskeptical than elsewhere, but other countries were quite distrustful, too, all scoring below the 5.0 midpoint.
Although the figure below reports only on 2010 data, the ESS has shown for more than a decade that opposition to immigration is pervasive in Britain and the rest of Europe. In addition, the British Social Attitudes survey shows that the desire to reduce immigration grew from 2003 to 2011, with people viewing both the economic and cultural effects of immigrants more negatively. Finally, people who are against immigration are also quite likely to distrust government and have a strong sense of national identity.
This explains better than the journalistic cliches what actually drove Brexit voters. Post-Brexit interviews on CNN characterized the 17 million-plus “leave” voters as xenophobes, while liberal commentators such as E.J. Dionne have warned that Brexit raises the specter of burgeoning global ethno-nationalism.
How valid is such a characterization? For sure, nationalism is rising, and there is opposition to untrammeled immigration among British voters. However, it would be a leap to say that British identity is defined in ethnic rather than cultural or political terms. A comparative survey found Britons on balance to be unconcerned about religious conformity in their country and less concerned than Americans about the race or linguistic ability of immigrants. As a group, however, they believed that cultural homogeneity was a benefit.
[Britain wants a sweetheart deal after Brexit. Fat chance Germany will give it one.]
In sum, research shows that “psychological fundamentals” suggest a British public sympathetic to the “leave” position. Furthermore, this isn't likely to change soon.
Elites may complain that mass publics are misguided or intolerant, but their complaints are shortsighted. Identities are powerful. As Rupert Emerson wrote in 1964, the nation remains the largest community that enjoys legitimacy and commands people's loyalty. This means that national identity is likely to be especially powerful. For the many individuals who are not political obsessives, to quote another political scientist: “Knowing who they are and are not — the cultures to which they do and do not belong — helps them to begin sorting their preferences.”
[Here's why pollsters and pundits got Brexit wrong.]
We should, of course, be humbler about forecasting. After all, England, the country that invented soccer, just lost to tiny Iceland. Yet our findings suggest that exit contagion — in which voters in other countries start pressing to leave the E.U. — is possible.
The next few years will provide, for better or worse, an experiment in how identity shapes politics and may even have the power to trump economic interests.
Jack Citrin is Heller Professor of Political Science at the University of California, Berkeley. John Hanley is an assistant professor of political science at Duquesne University. Morris Levy is an assistant professor of political science at the University of Southern California. Matthew Wright is an assistant professor of government in American University's School of Public Affairs.
[drop2]Designer Yves Behar has, via Kotaku , confirmed that the flavour of the month Android-powered device in a box that plays games will be about the size of a phone in a box and play games – around about the size of a Rubik's Cube.
More interestingly, he wishes to circumvent the traditional console lifespan and generation gaps.
“For the last few generations, consoles have largely been competing on hardware specs – faster speeds, better graphics,” he said.
“We wanted to disrupt this pattern.”
“We will see how the community responds, but we believe we can foster more creative games and bring some of that magic back to the gaming industry by being more open, giving more control and giving easier access to developers.”
And on control, it looks like it will be a jack of all trades:
“The controller includes a touch pad,” he said, “that will enable many of the interactions we have become accustomed to on mobile,” suggesting that the device will be more than just the standard buttons and will mean it will directly cater for the majority of Android apps.
“I am excited to see what creative ways developers can utilize the new touch pad,” he added, although he's clear it's not a touch screen. “For mobile games that use traditional controls, we obviously want to utilize the tactility of the physical buttons we have on the Ouya controller.”
“But there are some games,” he said, “where swipes and other gestures will make the gaming experience more enjoyable. We also want to see how developers can be creative in utilizing the touchpad with new games on Ouya.”
And why would you buy one over building your own? “The whole experience has to be easier,” he added, “from purchasing the product, to opening the box, to playing a game… ease of use, as well as hackability and support from the community seems to us like a good incentive to buy.”
‪With a Champions League semi-final beckoning, most clubs would be forgiven for adopting something of a siege mentality when it comes to their pre-match preparations.
Heads would be down, the barriers up, the drawbridge raised. But not at Schalke 04.
On a beautiful spring day in the Ruhr valley and ahead of the biggest match in the club's history, Schalke had flung open the doors to their fans.
As one might expect from arguably the most popular club across Germany, with a staggering 94,000 paid-up members, 1,300 supporter groups worldwide - including two in England - and the sixth-highest average home attendance in the whole of Europe, some 2,000 loyalists had turned up to watch.
The day was proving a tough one for Schalke's fans. Their favourite son, Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer, had just informed them via social networking site Facebook that, after 20 years at his hometown club, he would not be extending his contract, almost certainly resulting in a transfer to Bayern Munich.
But even that news could not spoil the mood.
Just yards from the pitch, supporters enjoyed lunch at the dedicated members' club, while players chatted and signed autographs before leaving to get changed.
Nothing special. This is simply how it is at Schalke.
Cypress Envirosystems' Wireless Automation Solutions Now Compatible with New Wonderware Corporate Energy Management Application
SAN JOSE, Calif., November 12, 2009 – Cypress Envirosystems, a subsidiary of Cypress Semiconductor Corp. (NASDAQ:CY), and Invensys Operations Management, a global provider of technology systems, software solutions and consulting services to the process and manufacturing industries, today announced the companies have formed a technology alliance. The agreement ensures seamless interoperability between Cypress Envirosystems' wireless monitoring and control solutions and a wide range of Wonderware® software solutions, including Invensys Operations Management's new Wonderware Corporate Energy Management Application. The combined solutions can be set up quickly to make it simple for customers to conserve energy and cut costs in industrial and commercial facilities.
“We are pleased to join forces with Invensys and to leverage their Wonderware software solutions, which are widely recognized for their ease of use and the versatility they bring to manage diverse plant and facilities functions effectively,” said Harry Sim, CEO of Cypress Envirosystems. “Our combined solutions allow managers of existing facilities to automate processes with minimal disruption, significantly boosting operational efficiency while conserving energy.”
Cypress Envirosystems' technologies enable older buildings and manufacturing sites to adopt the latest automation technologies at an affordable cost, and with minimal disruption to existing occupants, processes and staff. The products require minutes to install and typically provide payback within 12 months. The alliance with Invensys includes Cypress Envirosystems' Wireless Gauge Reader, the Wireless Steam Trap Monitor, the Wireless Transducer Reader and the Wireless Pneumatic Thermostat.
The new Wonderware Corporate Energy Management Application transforms data into vital plant information to synchronize operations and business objectives. This application enables manufacturing, industrial and commercial facilities customers to easily and quickly implement energy management programs to achieve corporate-wide sustainability goals. It allows users to monitor, detect and notify personnel of energy inefficiencies when demand and usage limits have been exceeded and require attention. It also connects directly to meters through automation systems and building information networks, as well as accepts manual entry via Wonderware InTouch® HMI interface for operations management, control and optimization. Field information may also be supplied from the Wonderware IntelaTrac mobile workforce and decision support system. The energy management application checks consumption and demand at main and sub meters operating a wide range of power generation methods, including power, water, gas, air and steam. Alarms detect when demand limits are exceeded with visualization of alarms provided by InTouch software.
“End users have a growing need to extract data from their sustainability, energy savings and leak detection applications, but manufacturers are not always in a position to access this information because legacy systems are monitoring and controlling important processes such as water, steam, oil and natural gas consumption,” said Craig Resnick, Research Director, ARC Advisory Group. "The strategic alliance between Cypress Envirosystems and Invensys will provide solutions that will connect these automation islands and extend the lifecycle of legacy assets, enabling the deployment of applications that will result in energy and natural resource savings, increased plant efficiency and a quick return on investment.”
“Our open technology platform is a collaborative foundation that ecosystem partners use to develop a wide variety of targeted solutions for industrial automation and facilities management markets at competitive prices,” said Matt Bauer, vice president of ecosystems, Invensys Operations Management. “Cypress Envirosystems is an example of the power in that approach. Together we deliver an outstanding value proposition that overcomes a major issue for many organizations: interactive control of, and data collection from, traditional analog-style instrumentation associated with energy usage and management. Their low-cost conversion of legacy meters, dials and valves into a wireless digital environment creates rapidly deployable, highly cost-effective data sources for our corporate energy management solution. Together we offer a granular level of energy-usage visibility, tracking and control that simply has not been available in any of our served markets to date.”
About the Cypress Envirosystems Product Line
The patent-pending Wireless Gauge Reader (WGR) clips-on to the front face of an existing gauge to capture and transmit the readings. It installs in minutes and does not require removing old gauges, breaking pressure seals, performing leak checks, running wires or interrupting the underlying process.
The Wireless Steam Trap Monitor (WSTM) mounts non-invasively onto existing steam traps in minutes and uses a proven algorithm to detect steam trap failures, particularly expensive steam leaks. An estimated 15-20% of steam traps are malfunctioning at a given time, and the WSTM augments manual audits to detect failures in a timely manner and avoid wasting resources.
The Wireless Transducer Reader (WTR) provides a fast and inexpensive solution to read and transmit data from existing standalone transducers with no need to run wires. Packaged with clamp-on current meters and ultrasonic flow meters, the WTR is an extremely cost effective and flexible method to obtain energy-use characterization and baseline data for audits.
The patent-pending Wireless Pneumatic Thermostat (WPT) retrofits existing pneumatic thermostats to deliver DDC-like functionality in minutes. Compared with a cost of $2,500 or more per zone for implementing DDC systems, the WPT costs less than 20% as much and enables remote temperature sensing and control of setpoints, programmable zone control, self-calibration and Demand Response program usage.
About Invensys Operations Management
Invensys Operations Management, a division of Invensys, is a leading provider of automation and information technology, systems, software solutions, services and consulting to the global manufacturing and infrastructure industries. Headquartered in Plano, Texas, its solutions are used by more than 40,000 clients around the world in more than 200,000 plants and facilities.
Invensys Operations Management's offerings are delivered under several prominent industry brands, including Action Instruments, ArchestrA, Avantis, Barber-Colman, Chessell, Continental, Eurotherm, Foxboro, IMServ, InFusion, SimSci-Esscor, Triconex and Wonderware. The company's approximately 9,000 employees and its global partner ecosystem integrate these products and services to help clients collaborate across systems and enterprises in real time, extracting critical data to make faster, better decisions and synchronize their operations from the plant floor to the executive offices, aligning production goals with business objectives. To learn more about Invensys Operations Management, visit iom.invensys.com.
Invensys plc (www.invensys.com) is headquartered in London and is listed on the London Stock Exchange (ISYS.L), with approximately 20,000 employees working in 50 countries.
Invensys, the Invensys logo, Action Instruments, ArchestrA, Avantis, Chessell, Continental, Eurotherm, Foxboro, IMServ, InFusion, IntelaTrac, InTouch, SimSci-Esscor, Triconex and Wonderware are trademarks of Invensys plc, its subsidiaries or affiliates. Barber-Colman is a trademark of TAC, LLC and used under license from TAC, LLC. All other brands and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
About Cypress Envirosystems
Cypress Envirosystems is a subsidiary of Cypress Semiconductor (NASDAQ: CY). Its mission is to save energy and improve productivity in older plants and buildings, using state-of-the-art non-invasive and wireless technologies to minimize disruption and cost, delivering payback of 12 months or less. More information is available at: www.CypressEnvirosystems.com.
About Cypress
Cypress delivers high-performance, mixed-signal, programmable solutions that provide customers with rapid time-to-market and exceptional system value. Cypress offerings include the flagship PSoC® programmable system-on-chip families and derivatives such as PowerPSoC® solutions for high-voltage and LED lighting applications, CapSense® touch sensing and TrueTouch™ solutions for touchscreens. Cypress is the world leader in USB controllers, including the high-performance West Bridge® solution that enhances connectivity and performance in multimedia handsets. Cypress is also a leader in high-performance memories and programmable timing devices. Cypress serves numerous markets including consumer, mobile handsets, computation, data communications, automotive, industrial and military. Cypress trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol CY. Visit Cypress online at https://www.cypress.com.
# # #
Cypress, the Cypress logo, Cypress Envirosystems, the Cypress Envirosystems logo and PSoC are registered trademarks of Cypress Semiconductor Corp. All other trademarks are property of their owners.
To further optimize the Streak Eagle's weight for each flight, the plane was only loaded with as much fuel as it needed to make each record attempt. For takeoff, the plane was taxied to the end of the runway at Grand Forks and hooked up to a hold-back bar, as can be seen in the video. The pilot then throttled the engines to full afterburner, and at the precise moment, the bar was released, and the Streak Eagle launched. Even given the lightness of the airframe and the power of the engine, it's still remarkable to see how quickly the Eagle would lift off the runway after an incredibly short takeoff roll of about 400 feet. Between January 16 and February 1, Majors Smith, MacFarlane and Peterson would make good on their orders to re-write the time-to-climb record book eight times over. Among the highlights from the video:
The Streak Eagle knocked off five records in three flights in the span of six hours on the first day, January 16.
The second flight on that day broke three records: 6,000m, 9,000m and 12,000m.
The third flight reached 15,000m (just under 50,000 feet) in one minute, 17.2 seconds, which was a faster time to that height than the Saturn V rocket from the Apollo program.
On the final flight, to 30,000m (just over 98,000 feet) on February 1, Major Roger Smith pushed the Streak Eagle over the top at a maximum of just over 102,300 feet, in what the video calls a "nearly ballistic trajectory."
Anytime you can use the words "ballistic trajectory" when flying a fighter plane, you're doing something awesome. The film above is in two parts in the embedded playlist, and shows each of the six record attempts in real time, which is quite amazing to watch in itself. And the music is so 1970s.
Streak Eagle's records would not stand forever. Some eleven years later, the Sukhoi P-42 - a prototype of the Su-27 'Flanker' with a thrust-to-weight ratio of nearly 2:1 - would systematically erase the Streak Eagle's marks. You can see a short video of that here. The Streak Eagle, now with a fresh coat of paint to cover its previously unkempt hide, sits quietly in storage today at the National Museum of the United States Air Force in Dayton, Ohio. But over those two weeks in early 1975, the Streak Eagle laid claim to one of the most phenomenal record-breaking sprees for one airplane in history.
History of English
This page is a short history of the origins and development of the English language
The history of the English language really started with the arrival of three Germanic tribes who invaded Britain during the 5th century AD. These tribes, the Angles, the Saxons and the Jutes, crossed the North Sea from what today is Denmark and northern Germany. At that time the inhabitants of Britain spoke a Celtic language. But most of the Celtic speakers were pushed west and north by the invaders - mainly into what is now Wales, Scotland and Ireland. The Angles came from "Englaland" [sic] and their language was called "Englisc" - from which the words "England" and "English" are derived.
Germanic invaders entered Britain on the east and south coasts in the 5th century
Old English (450-1100 AD)
The invading Germanic tribes spoke similar languages, which in Britain developed into what we now call Old English. Old English did not sound or look like English today. Native English speakers now would have great difficulty understanding Old English. Nevertheless, about half of the most commonly used words in Modern English have Old English roots. The words be, strong and water, for example, derive from Old English. Old English was spoken until around 1100.
Part of Beowulf, a poem written in Old English (public domain)
Middle English (1100-1500)
In 1066 William the Conqueror, the Duke of Normandy (part of modern France), invaded and conquered England. The new conquerors (called the Normans) brought with them a kind of French, which became the language of the Royal Court, and the ruling and business classes. For a period there was a kind of linguistic class division, where the lower classes spoke English and the upper classes spoke French. In the 14th century English became dominant in Britain again, but with many French words added. This language is called Middle English. It was the language of the great poet Chaucer (c1340-1400), but it would still be difficult for native English speakers to understand today.
An example of Middle English by Chaucer (public domain)
Modern English
Early Modern English (1500-1800)
Towards the end of Middle English, a sudden and distinct change in pronunciation (the Great Vowel Shift) started, with vowels being pronounced shorter and shorter. From the 16th century the British had contact with many peoples from around the world.
This, and the Renaissance of Classical learning, meant that many new words and phrases entered the language. The invention of printing also meant that there was now a common language in print. Books became cheaper and more people learned to read. Printing also brought standardization to English. Spelling and grammar became fixed, and the dialect of London, where most publishing houses were, became the standard. In 1604 the first English dictionary was published.
Lines from Hamlet, written in Early Modern English by Shakespeare (public domain)
Late Modern English (1800-Present)
The main difference between Early Modern English and Late Modern English is vocabulary. Late Modern English has many more words, arising from two principal factors: firstly, the Industrial Revolution and technology created a need for new words; secondly, the British Empire at its height covered one quarter of the earth's surface, and the English language adopted foreign words from many countries.
Varieties of English
From around 1600, the English colonization of North America resulted in the creation of a distinct American variety of English. Some English pronunciations and words "froze" when they reached America. In some ways, American English is more like the English of Shakespeare than modern British English is. Some expressions that the British call "Americanisms" are in fact original British expressions that were preserved in the colonies while lost for a time in Britain (for example trash for rubbish, loan as a verb instead of lend, and fall for autumn; another example, frame-up, was re-imported into Britain through Hollywood gangster movies). Spanish also had an influence on American English (and subsequently British English), with words like canyon, ranch, stampede and vigilante being examples of Spanish words that entered English through the settlement of the American West. French words (through Louisiana) and West African words (through the slave trade) also influenced American English (and so, to an extent, British English).
Today, American English is particularly influential, due to the USA's dominance of cinema, television, popular music, trade and technology (including the Internet). But there are many other varieties of English around the world, including for example Australian English, New Zealand English, Canadian English, South African English, Indian English and Caribbean English.
The Germanic Family of Languages
English is a member of the Germanic family of languages. Germanic is a branch of the Indo-European language family.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201709/1266/1155968404_5582090445001_5582067360001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Cassidy: 'I'm sorry' Kimmel doesn't understand Obamacare repeal bill
Responding to late night host Jimmy Kimmel's scathing criticism a night earlier, Sen. Bill Cassidy said Wednesday morning that he is “sorry” that the ABC comedian does not understand legislation he is cosponsoring to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Cassidy (R-La.) famously appeared on “Jimmy Kimmel Live” last May, proposing a “Jimmy Kimmel test” for any healthcare reform, a response to an emotional monologue that the late night host delivered about his son, who had surgery for a rare heart condition shortly after his birth. Wednesday night, Kimmel lashed out at Cassidy, labeling him a liar because repeal-and-replace legislation co-written by the senator failed the “Jimmy Kimmel test” he had laid out months earlier.
Story Continued Below
“This guy, Bill Cassidy, he just lied right to my face,” Kimmel said on air Tuesday night after listing four pledges Cassidy had made including protections for individuals with preexisting conditions, lower premiums for middle-class families and no lifetime caps coverage. “Guess what?” Kimmel said. “The new bill does none of those things.”
“I am sorry he does not understand,” Cassidy said in response Wednesday morning on CNN's “New Day,” arguing that his legislation, co-authored with Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) does in fact offer protections for individuals with preexisting conditions and that the bill would increase, not decrease the number of Americans covered by health insurance even though it does away with Obamacare's individual mandate that individuals purchase health insurance.
Under the Graham-Cassidy bill, money currently spent by the federal government on Obamacare would instead be blocked granted to the states, which supporters of the plan argue would give governors flexibility on how to best meet the healthcare needs of their citizens. Senate Republicans have until the end of the month to pass the bill via a process called reconciliation, which would allow them to approve the measure with as few as 50 votes instead of the usual filibuster-proof 60.
Opposition to the bill, which has gained steam in recent days, has come from Democrats as well as from groups including the American Medical Association and AARP. That criticism, Cassidy said, is misplaced and based on misinformation about the legislation. “All I can say is, everyone fears change. Everyone says, ‘even if it's from worse to better I don't want change,'” he told CNN.
Graham, in his own interview with Fox News's “Fox & Friends” Wednesday morning, offered a similar defense of his bill and shot back at Kimmel over the comedian's attack on Cassidy.
“Here's what I'd say to Mr. Kimmel: I understand the emotional nature of having a sick child, and we're all grateful your child is doing well,” Graham said, noting Cassidy's past work as a physician at a nonprofit hospital. “I bet you he never called Sen. Cassidy and said ‘would you please set this straight?' I bet he looked at some liberal talking point, bought it hook, line, and sinker, and went after Bill Cassidy without talking to him, and I think that's unfair.”
In an exchange with reporters Wednesday morning, Graham called reports that his and Cassidy's legislation would not cover those with preexisting conditions "complete garbage" and took another shot at Kimmel.
“I don't like the idea of calling this good man a liar without even talking to him first," the South Carolina senator said. "That really says more about Mr. Kimmel than it does Dr. Cassidy.”
Burgess Everett contributed to this report.
Every pro golfer looks to bank some coin when they turn 50 and become eligible for the PGA Tour Champions.
For two-time major champion John Daly, there's a slightly different twist.
According to a report in USA Today, former Masters champion Fuzzy Zoeller bet Daly years ago that he wouldn't make it to the big 5-0. The long-hitting Daly turned 50 on Thursday.
Editor's Picks Happy 50th, John Daly, and thanks for these memories He burst onto the scene by winning the 1991 PGA Championship and has kept us entertained ever since. On his 50th birthday, we salute John Daly for his outrageous and fascinating career.
"Fuzzy's going to owe me 150 grand,'' Daly told the newspaper. "I don't know if he remembers that bet or not, but I'll get that cash from him, hopefully.''
Daly couldn't recall the year, but he remembered the circumstances of the bet during Masters week.
"I think it was Tuesday morning, and we played nine holes and went to TBonz [restaurant] and had some lunch,'' Daly said. "Next thing I know, we were in the same clothes playing Wednesday at 7:30 in the morning and the par-3 tournament. We stayed through the whole nine [holes], drinking, having a good time and eating."
And what, exactly, were the particulars of the wager?
"Fuzzy said, 'I got 150 grand you're never going to make it to 50.'"
So will Daly hold Zoeller to the bet? The major winners never shook on it, Daly said, "So I won't hold him up to it."
Daly will make his first start in the 50-and-over circuit next week at the Insperity Invitational in The Woodlands, Texas.
According to Davao City Police, the incident took place at 10.20pm local time at a street market outside the high-end Marco Polo hotel in Davao, in the southern Philippines. Witnesses reported hearing loud bangs and smoke billowed across the city - which residents repeatedly claim is the "safest in the world". Presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella confirmed that some 60 people were wounded who were rushed to the San Pedro Hospital for treatment. A further 12 - including five men and five women - have been confirmed dead.
TWITTER Witnesses reported hearing loud bangs at Davao night market
The City Government of Davao posted on its Facebook account: "Reported explosion in Davao City Friday night left a number of people dead and several others wounded. "Investigations goin on. Vice Mayor Paolo Duterte asked public to go home and bars to close down." A second explosion allegedly happened minutes after the first explosion. Students at the Ateneo de Davao University have been advised to go home, and bars have been closed as a lockdown is placed on the area.
TWITTER Officials have confirmed at least ten have been killed
TWITTER The incident took place at a street market outside the high-end Marco Polo hotel
John Rhyl Sialmo III, 20, a student at the nearby Ateneo de Davao University. said: "We were having a meeting and we heard a very huge explosion. The first thing we thought was 'it's a bomb'. "The area where there was the explosion was a massage parlour. So we saw these men and women from that place in their uniform, they went to the school lobby to seek help. They were soaked in blood." The incident comes after the national police force thwarted an assassination plot against President Rodrigo Duterte, who usually flies home to Davao City every weekend. The explosion was outside a hotel that he visits frequently, although on Friday he shrugged off rumours of the assassination plot - saying such threats were to be expected.
Just In : Explosion in Davao City
Keep safe everyone
Ctto Arci Arsi pic.twitter.com/cVfUmGHDuA — EMY LoveToMiho (@emilificent16) September 2, 2016
It was confirmed he was in Davao on Friday, but was safe and at a police station after the explosion, his son - and the city's vice mayor - Paolo Duterte said. In July, the young vice mayor warned about a possible threat from the Islamic State group, saying the urbanized city had received threats from the extremist group and was attempting to confirm them. No links to Islamic extremists have yet been found in this case. In a statement to citizens today, he said: "Let us pray for the victims of this unfortunate incident, especially for those who died. "Let us pray for those who are being treated in different hospital because of the incident and a number were reported wounded.
TWITTER Dozens were rushed to hospital
TWITTER The area has since been evacuated and people told to stay inside
Let us pray for the victims of this unfortunate incident, especially for those who died. Paolo Duterte
"Rest assured the authorities are on top of this incident. "Right now, we cannot yet give definitive answers to questions as to who is behind this as we are also trying to determine what really exploded. "It is a sad day for Davao and the Philippines." A few hours after the explosion in Roxas Night Market in Davao City, President Duterte held an emergency command conference with city officials and law enforcement agencies. A source close to him said he may cancel his trips to brunei, Lao and Indonesia - but added: "It is up to the President if he will stay in Davao City or fly back to Manila for his safety."
TWITTER Students have been told to leave the area and return home
Police are currently investigating the cause of the explosion. Inspector Catherine dela Rey said in a radio interview there is no report yet on what caused the blast. But she said officers "confirmed many were injured," and that "more or less 30 wounded were brought to hospital." Regional police chief Manuel Guerlan said a ring of checkpoints had been thrown around the city's exit points. "A thorough investigation is being conducted to determine the cause of the explosion," he said. "We call on all the people to be vigilant at all times."
Davao Police Spokes says they're locking down Davao City with checkpoints after an explosion at Roxas night market. pic.twitter.com/sk2FinAqHN — Mariz Umali (@marizumali) September 2, 2016
I think those people behind the Davao City blast is threatening our President. #PrayforDavao #PrayforPhilippines — NU'EST Canvas ������ (@riku_maki) September 2, 2016
Hundreds of social media users have already paid tribute to those hurt or potentially killed in the explosion. Laurence said: "Davao City may never be the Davao City we used to know anymore :(" Junrix Monter said: "I was deeply saddened to hear about the bombing in Davao City. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families." Reza Parker added: "Davao City was rocked by an explosion tonight. My prayers are with you, Davao. Be strong as a community." Davao is located in Mindanao, a large southern island beset by decades of Islamist insurgency. However, the city itself has been largely peaceful in recent years.
Francis Slakey has climbed the world's tallest peaks and surfed its seven seas. But now he's set his sights on an even bigger goal: encouraging American cities to ramp down – way down – on their use of BTUs and kilowatt hours.
Dr. Slakey is a executive director of the new Georgetown University Energy Prize, a $5 million prize that will be awarded to the US community of between 5,000 and 250,000 residents that shows the greatest ability to cut energy use.
"The goal is to transform the way America uses energy," Slakey says. Using quarterfinal, semifinal, and final rounds, he hopes to make the competition into "the Super Bowl of energy efficiency."
Slakey, who teaches physics at Georgetown in Washington D.C., has written a book ("To the Last Breath") about his other life as an athlete-adventurer. He is the first person to both reach the summit of the highest mountain on every continent and surf every ocean.
"There was a time in my life when all I cared about was climbing and surfing," he says in a recent telephone interview. But seeing the effects of climate change as he traveled began to redirect his life goals.
"I used to look at a map of the world, and I would just see places to conquer, mountains to climb and oceans to surf," he says. But "as a result of traveling around the world I came to realize there are global challenges out there. For me, as a physicist, it was the energy challenge that rose to the top of the list.... I came out of it deciding that I could actually contribute to the world in a more significant way."
In May 2012 he decided to host a brainstorming session at Georgetown on how to increase energy efficiency. The group could have moved in a variety of directions, such as asking for more government action. Instead, it proposed offering an energy prize to the cities who need the most help – smaller cities that have fewer resources but also are home to almost 70 percent of the US population.
Today (April 23) opens the official two-month period for cities to enter the contest. More than 50 already have, from Fremont, Calif., to Atlantic City, N.J. Some cities are coming to the contest wanting to address climate change, he says. But others simply want to save money on energy costs.
Oberlin, Ohio, has a green goal: It "has pledged that as a city they're going to try to be carbon neutral," Slakey says, while Fairbanks, Alaska, faces high energy costs and just wants to save money.
Addressing climate change or cutting energy costs "are both perfectly valid reasons" to enter the competition, he says.
How will the winner be determined? After a two-year competition the cities will be judged on their total electricity and natural gas usage per capita, adjusted for local climate. The final criteria also will consider what was done to engage community members and whether it can be replicated nationwide.
Slakey is reluctant to talk about specific steps cities might take to win the competition.
"We're expecting innovation … and it can come in a variety of ways," he says. Some cities might combine known energy-saving technologies in a novel way. Others might find new ways to finance energy efficiency in homes and businesses or new ways to persuade people to be more energy efficient.
"The excitement of the prize is in not knowing what the winner will look like," he says.
The $5 million figure came as a result of a suggestion from the mayor of Dubuque, Iowa.
"Make it a dollar figure that will be transformative for a community of my size," the mayor urged Slakey. While $5 million might not be a transformative amount for New York, Chicago, or Los Angeles, it can make a huge difference in a city the size of Dubuque, Slakey says.
Georgetown University is hosting the prize competition, but the prize money will come from a variety of other benefactors, some yet to be named. Slakey is confident that the funds will be raised. "I've been overwhelmed by the interest not only among the communities themselves but among the sponsors."
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
If they raise more than $5 million, Slakey says, "We'll have additional prize money attached to category winners," such as the best city at addressing the energy needs of low-income people. "That's a tough nut to crack for energy efficiency."
• To learn more visit www.guep.org or search @GUEnergyPrize on Twitter
It would take a fair bit of saliva to lick and stick a million stamps but luckily for 88-year-old Mosgiel man Doug Heenan, he only has to sort them.
The recent widower has just spent $25,001 on 83 cartons filled with more than one million stamps in the hope of reigniting stamp collecting as a pastime for Dunedin's youth.
Mr Heenan has been a collector since the age of 6and his collection before the recent purchase numbered about 230,000, some dating as far back as 1840.
His most expensive stamp, a "full-faced queen'', was worth about $2000.
"I've collected them all my life and I'm interested in getting the youth of this country collecting stamps.
"You learn a lot. You learn history and politics. Any subject under the sun.
"You can make it as simple or as complicated as you like.''
Stamp collecting was becoming a lost art and it was about youth having an interest in something outside of technology, Mr Heenan said.
The new stamps were bought by tender from New Zealand "accumulator'' the late Brian Read, who owned the country's largest stamp collection.
The premium stamps were auctioned last month.
Mr Heenan preferred to sort his stamps "thematically'' and paid careful attention to their worth.
Most of his collection was in albums but pouches of stamps could be found around his living area and now, with the recent purchase, his garage was chocker.
Asked about how long it took to sort them when he acquired new stamps, Mr Heenan said: "You do what you have to do. If there's any time left over, I look through them.''
Mr Heenan planned to take some of the stamps to schools "if there was enough interest'' in the hope of educating children and sorting the stamps at the same time.
He described the hobby as complete "satisfaction''.
rhys.chamberlain@odt.co.nz
Connect with Us Facebook Google+ Pinterest Twitter YouTube
This is a play on words in Hebrew for blessing for the new year. These were so good I just had to translate! I apologize if I didn't do a perfect job translating as my Hebrew isn't fluent. Any suggestions at a better translation is appreciated. -Rafi
1. חסה – שה' יחוס וירחם עלינו
Lettuce: That Hashem will connect (Yichos) and have mercy on us.
2. פיצה – שיתפוצצו אויבנו ומבקשי רעתנו
Pizza: That He should demolish (YitPozzazu) our enemies and remove their requests for asylum.
3. אבטיח- שתהיה שנה מבטיחה ושנגלוש בבטחה באינטרנט
Watermelon – That it should be a year of promise (Mivtacha) and that we will surf safely on the (kosher) Internet,
4. בשר -שנתבשר בשורות טובות
Meat – That we should notify (Mevaser) of good news.
5. בקר- שנזכה לבקר בבית מקדשנו ותפארתנו
Beef – that we should merit to visit (LeVaker) our Beis Hamikdash in our glory.
6. סחוג – שישרפו אויבנו ומבקשי רעתנו
Zechug – That He should burn (zechug is hot) our enemies and remove their requests for asylum.
7. פלפל – שנהיה מפולפלים בתורה ובחכמה
Pepper (Pilpel) – That we should be sharp (peppery – Mepulpalim) in Torah and Wisdom.
8. מלח – שנהיה ממולחים ופקחים
Salt – That we should be shrewd (Memulachim) and clever.
9. צנון – שיצטננו שונאינו
Radish – so our enemies can catch a cold.
10. פיתה – שנתפתה רק לדברים טובים
Pita – That we should be tempted (Shenitpata) only to good things.
11. מצה/מיץ -שנמצה את כל יכולותינו
Matzah/Mitz (Juice) – That we should find (She'Nimtzeh) our capabilities (and strengths)
12. סוכריה – שיסכרו דמעותינו ונהיה רק שמחים
Sugar – That He should repress (Yiskeru) our tears and we should only be happy.
13. שניצל – שנינצל מגזרות קשות
Shnitzel – That we should be saved (Shenitzal) from harsh decrees.
14. נקניקיה – שנתנקה מחטאנו ומעוונותינו
Hot Dog – That we should be choked (Nitkaneh) from our sins and iniquities (that they should go away)
15. תפוח אדמה – שנהיה ענווים ושפלים כאדמה
Potato (land fruit) – That we should be as humble and lowly as the land
16. קציצה – שיקצצו לנו בתשלומי מיסים ובעול מלכות
Meatball – That we should trim (Yiktzetzu) our tax payments and debts to the government.
17. אפונה – שנתפנה ללימוד תורה וחסד
Peas – That there should be vacant (time) (Shenitpaneh) for learning Torah and Chesed (acts of kindness).
Connect with Us Facebook Google+ Pinterest Twitter YouTube
18. כיפלי – שתהיה שנה כיפית ומאושרת
Keifli (brand name for a snack) – That it should be a fun and prosperous year.
19. גומי – שתהיה שנה גמישה ונינוחה
Gum – So that it should be a relaxed and flexible (Gmisha) year.
20. קולה – שתמיד יאמרו לנו “קולה כבוד!”
(Coke) Cola – That people should always tell us “Kola Kavod!” (Kol Hakavod – More power to you)
21. חלב עז – שלא נעבוד ע”ז
Goat's (AZ) Milk – So that we don't do idol worship (Avoda Zara).
22. טחינה – שישמעו ויתקבלו תחינותינו
Tehina – So that He should hear and accept our supplications (Tehinoteinu)
23. חומוס – שנתרחק משוד ומחמס
Chummus – So that we become far away from robbery and violence (Hamas).
Connect with Us Facebook Google+ Pinterest Twitter YouTube
24. אורז – שנזכה לארוז חבילות צדקה וחסד
Rice – so that we should merit to pack packages worth of Tzedaka and Chesed.
25. חרוב – שיחרבו בתי תפלות ועבודה זרה
Carob – so that He should destroy (Yicharvu) prayer houses of idol worship.
26. דג – שתהיה לנו שנה מצחיקה ומדוגדגת
Fish – so that it should be for us a year of jokes and laughter.
27. ואני שמעתי שחסידי חב”ד אוכלים גם קולורבי – כדי לזכות ולשמוע את קולו של הרבי
And I heard that the Chabad Chassidim also eat Kohlrabi
– in order that they should merit to hear the voice (Kol) of the Rebbe.
אחלה ברכות וסימנים טובים. שנה טובה.
Many great blessings and good signs. Have a good year!
With just a few weeks before the January 20 inauguration of the 45th president, Donald Trump seems to have problems booking entertainers to perform at the event. One of the few groups actually scheduled to perform at the inauguration are the Rockettes, but that might be subject to change.
According to Perez Hilton, a dancer with the Rockettes named Phoebe Pearl spoke out against performing for Trump in an Instagram post on Thursday.
Advertisement “Finding out that it has been decided for us that Rockettes will be performing at the Presidential inauguration makes me feel embarrassed and disappointed,” Pearl reportedly wrote. “The women I work with are intelligent and are full of love and the decision of performing for a man that stands for everything we're against is appalling. I am speaking for just myself but please know that after we found out this news, we have been performing with tears in our eyes and heavy hearts. We will not be forced! #notmypresident.”
Pearl's Instagram post has since been deleted.
In an email obtained by BroadwayWorld, the American Guild of Variety Artists — the union that represents the Rockettes — confirmed the social media post and said that boycotting the inauguration is “invalid.”
“Everyone has a right to an opinion, but this does not change your employment status for those who are full time,” the email reportedly read. “If you are not full time, you do not have to sign up to do this work. If you are full time, you are obligated [to perform].”
The email forcing the Rockette dancers to perform at Trump's inauguration sparked immediate backlash from both Democrats and Republicans.
The members of the Rockettes and the Mormon Tabernacle are like all of us: Forced to go along with something horrible they didn't choose. — George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) December 23, 2016
The #Rockettes should not be forced to perform at the inauguration, just like nobody should be forced to bake a cake. Freedom! #MAGA #Trump — Mikey Covfefe (@greenrotgut) December 23, 2016
It's kinda funny how Trump is anti-union but is depending on union rules to fill up his inauguration hour with unwilling workers #Rockettes — Lolatakesontheworld (@lolatakesontheW) December 23, 2016
Madison Square Garden Company — which employs the dancers — set the record straight on Friday by stating that no dancer will be compelled to attend the inauguration. In other words, the dancers now have a choice to perform at the inauguration or not.
Your Daily Dish reached out to Pearl for a comment.
Advertisement
I sometimes find myself postponing a decision because I don't want to make a mistake. It seems as if the choices are:
The wrong decision = a mistake
The right decision = not a mistake
No decision = not a mistake
If the decision isn't very obvious, the safest option seems to be to just not make any decision. We don't really like making mistakes. It makes us look dumb and it can be embarassing.
Instead of viewing mistakes as a time we messed up we should look at them as learning oportunities. This way we either get it right or we learn. We'll never lose because we messed up. Many things can change drastically if we change our perspective on them. If we start to see ‘mistakes' as learning oportunities (and we take a look at the 3 bullet points above) then the best decision would be the right one, the second best would be a wrong one, and the worst we could do would be to not make any decision. By not making any decision we neither learn nor we move forward.
Anyway, those were some of my thoughts on decision making and mistakes. I find it saves me from a lot of potential stress at times. What about you?
The comic for this thought is here.
-Marcos
Share this story if you think somebody else will benefit and follow if you liked it! I post Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays.
FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP) — A former strip mine would be converted into a solar farm under a proposal announced Tuesday by an Appalachian coal company that says it wants to place hundreds of thousands of panels in the Kentucky mountains.
The Berkeley Energy Group, EDF Renewable Energy and former Democratic state Auditor Adam Edelen said they are looking at two mountaintop removal sites just outside of Pikeville in the heart of Kentucky's coal country.
It's the latest example of efforts to diversify the energy output of the nation's third-largest coal producing state, which has been hit hard by the economic impact of the declining coal industry. Last month, the state legislature voted to end the state's decades-long moratorium on nuclear energy. And earlier this month, the Kentucky Coal Museum installed solar panels on its roof.
“We can build solar on the foundation of coal,” Edelen said. “Kentucky has long been an energy producer that has powered the entire country. There's no reason why we can't continue to be that, but we have to adopt an all of the above energy strategy.”
Kentucky still gets more than 80 percent of its electricity from coal-fired power plants. But that percentage has been dropping steadily as coal plants are being replaced by natural gas.
The largest solar farm in Kentucky is based at Louisville Gas & Electric's E.W. Brown Plant in Mercer County. The 10-megawatt array of solar panels stretched over 50 acres produces enough electricity to power 1,500 homes.
Berkeley Energy Group Development Executive Ryan Johns said the proposed solar farm would generate between 50 and 100 megawatts of electricity that would be sold to power companies along the East Coast. He said the project would cost tens of millions of dollars and include “hundreds of thousands” of solar panels.
He said the strip mines under consideration cover thousands of acres. The company is doing engineering and cost studies on the sites to evaluate them for the new purpose.
The coal was mined using “mountaintop removal,” a surface coal mining technique that uses blasting and heavy machinery to remove layers of dirt and rock to reach coal seams.
Most of the jobs associated with the project would come during the construction phase, but Edelen said officials at EDF Renewable Energy have pledged to hire as many former coal miners for the work as they can.
Eastern Kentucky is filled with former coal mines that are being redeveloped for various purposes, including golf courses and housing developments. Tyler White, president of the Kentucky Coal Association, said the proposed solar farm would likely not be possible if it weren't for “subsidies of this sort of energy,” including federal tax credits.
“Coal has had the cards stacked against it for the last eight years,” he said. “We need to start rolling back policies that essentially pick the winners and losers.”
BLACKSBURG, VA - NOVEMBER 12: Wide receiver Isaiah Ford #1 of the Virginia Tech Hokies watches the ball fall incomplete while being defended by defensive back Lance Austin #17 of the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets at Lane Stadium on November 12, 2016 in Blacksburg, Virginia. (Michael Shroyer/Getty Images)
Virginia Tech had been handed two unexpected gifts before kickoff against Georgia Tech on Saturday afternoon. The first was Duke's upset of North Carolina on Thursday night, which meant the ACC Coastal Division title would belong to the Hokies with a win over the Yellow Jackets.
The second was Georgia Tech's injury report, which listed four starters out for the game — including the quarterback, leading rusher and two members of the offensive line.
The table was set for the No. 14 Hokies. But they never showed up in a 30-20 loss before a sellout crowd at Lane Stadium. Virginia Tech (7-3, 5-2 ACC) can still clinch its division — and its first trip to the ACC title game since 2011 — with a win at home Nov. 26 against Virginia.
“That's part of what I told the kids after the game is, first of all, we didn't deserve to win the ballgame today,” Coach Justin Fuente said. “We didn't deserve to win our division today. But because of the way they have played and the way they have conducted themselves, the games they've won and the way they've played on the road, that dream's not dead.”
[College football winners and losers: Clemson's 580 passing yards aren't enough]
Saturday's loss featured the type of groan-inducing self-destruction the Hokies were supposed to have remedied after a harrowing loss at Syracuse four weeks earlier.
Quarterback Jerod Evans completed 32 of 45 passes for 316 yards with one touchdown and ran for two more in garbage time.
But his two interceptions — one in the second quarter that led to a Georgia Tech touchdown and one in the third that effectively killed the comeback bid — were devastating. He also was sacked four times.
Fuente's offense amassed 437 yards, but much of it came with the game already decided. After peaking with consecutive 500-yard games against Miami and Pittsburgh in October, the unit appears to be trending in the wrong direction.
“It's always easy for a coach to say we never got it in flow or rhythm or that kind of stuff, which is true, but there are reasons for that,” Fuente said. “Our execution level just hasn't been — or certainly wasn't today — what it needed to be. When we did get things going, we either turned the ball over or couldn't covert on third down to keep the drive going, which is disappointing. We just, in general terms, weren't very good.”
[Maryland takes many hits in blowout loss to Ohio State]
Georgia Tech (6-4, 3-4), on the other hand, ran the game with authority. The Yellow Jackets rushed for 309 yards against a beat-up Hokies defense.
Backup quarterback Matthew Jordan, making his first career start, was effective at the helm of the triple-option attack, rushing for 121 yards. He threw just seven passes, completing two for 34 yards .
Yellow Jackets Coach Paul Johnson waited until just before the game to announce that starter Justin Thomas wouldn't play because of what Johnson called “just an injury.” But Johnson said he had an idea by Tuesday that a change might have to be made, and Jordan practiced with the starters all week.
In the first half, Jordan rushed for 103 yards and touchdowns of 53 and three yards . The Yellow Jackets jumped to a 20-0 lead, and Virginia Tech held the ball for just 8:48.
With safety Terrell Edmunds out for the first half and the Hokies eager to build an early lead, Fuente had gone against his norm and elected to start with the ball. His decision backfired. Kick returner Der'Woun Greene, in for injured starter Greg Stroman, fumbled the kickoff, and the Hokies' defense started the game anyway.
“I thought as a team we could bounce back from that,” defensive end Ken Ekanem said. “But it's kind of hard, just to start of the game, setting the tone. Momentum got on their side pretty quick. That was pretty big for them.”
Georgia Tech's first two possessions both ended in field goals and chewed up a combined 11:30 of game time. Virginia Tech had the ball for just 89 seconds when the clock read 2:01 in the first quarter.
The Hokies were looking for a big play early in the second quarter when Evans threw deep, but there was confusion among receivers Bucky Hodges and Travon McMillian. Neither was able to make a play on the overthrown ball, but Georgia Tech's Lawrence Austin did, intercepting it in the end zone. Six plays later, Jordan burst free for his first touchdown to make it 13-0.
The Hokies cobbled together some momentum at the start of the third quarter after the Yellow Jackets fumbled on their own 26 on the first play from scrimmage. Evans led a drive to trim the margin to 20-7, with the touchdown coming on a five-yard pass to Isaiah Ford, who set a program record with his 185th career reception.
Virginia Tech trailed 20-7, and the sellout crowd of 65,632 in Lane Stadium came to life. But turnovers — the Hokies committed four in all and were stopped on a fourth-down attempt in the third — stifled any momentum.
Far fewer fans were still in the stands to see the four scores in the fourth quarter. Both of Evans's rushing touchdowns came with less than five minutes left in the game, following another Georgia Tech field goal and one final touchdown from the Yellow Jackets. Fittingly, it came on a 56-yard rush.
Can Smiling Make You Happy?
Overview | Article Summary | For Instructors | For Students
Kleinke, C.L., Peterson, T.R., & Rutledge, T.R. (1998). Effects of self-generated facial expressions on mood. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 74, 272-279.
Overview: Theories of Emotion An emotion, such as happiness or sadness, is a subjective experience that is associated with some phsyiological change in arousal and some characteristic behavior. For example, a feeling of happiness is generally accompanied by a decrease in heart rate, indicating a decrease in arousal, and a smile, an overt behavior. Fear is generally associated with, among other physiological effects, an increase in heart rate and clenched teeth. Do we smile because we are happy or do are we happy because we smile? Theories of emotion differ in terms of whether the emotion leads to physiological and behavioral changes or the other way around. According to one theory, the facial feedback theory which has its roots in the writings and theories of Charles Darwin and William James, emotion can be regulated by behavior, particularly by facial expression. Try smiling. Do you feel happy? Try frowning. Do you feel grumpy? Research from the 1970s and 1980s suggests you do - at least physiologically. In one study, participants who mimicked a fearful expression showed an increase in heart rate and skin temperature. Kleinke, Peterson, and Rutledge (1998) added to this theory by examining how mimicking facial expressions might influence mood.
Overview | Article Summary | For Instructors | For Students Article Summary A number of research studies have shown that making a facial expression, such as a smile, can produce effects on the body that are similar to those that result from the actual emotion, such as happiness. Kleinke, Peterson, and Rutledge (1998) two scientific questions that extend the work on facial feedback theories of emotion: Do people who are more self-conscious show stronger mood effects from making facial expressions than people who are less self-conscious?
Does facial expression have a stronger effect on mood when the person can see his/or her expression? To study these questions, Kleinke et al. had students view photographs or slides of people with either positive facial expressions (smiling) or negative facial expressions (frowning). Participants in the control group just viewed the photos or slides, participants in the expression group were instructed to mimic the facial expression, and participants in the expression-mirror group matched the expression with the aid of looking in a mirror. Mood was measured using a mood scale in which participants indicated their degree of agreement with statements reflecting their mood "right now." The mood scale was administered before and after viewing the photographs/slides and change in mood was used as the dependent variable. In the first experiment, the participants also completed a self-consciousness scale in which they indicated their agreement with statements such as "I'm always trying to figure myself out." As found in other studies, facial expressions did affect the participants' mood: Mood did not change in the control group who simply viewed the expressions. Participants who matched the positive expressions experienced a positive change in mood (they were in a more positive mood after making positive facial expressions) and participants who matched the negative expressions experienced a negative change in mood. Participants who were more self-conscious showed greater changes in mood following making the positive or negative expressions. Kleinke et al. conclude that this finding indicates that self-conscious people are more in-tune with themselves and therefore more responsive to mood-inducting experiences. Participants who watched their expressions in a mirror also showed a greater change in mood. It seems that the visual feedback adds to the proprioceptive self-awareness of mood-related facial expression. Overall, this study adds to the facial feedback theory of emotion by demonstrating that a personality characteristic of self-consciousness and visual feedback both add to the effect of facial expression on emotion. Overview | Article Summary | For Instructors | For Students For Instructors Links to the Lecture Paul Ekman's facial feedback theory of emotion is highlighted in this video: Face Value (Filmakers, 38 min).
The Positive and Negative Affect Schedule (PANAS; Watson, Clark, & Telegren, 1988) was used to measure mood in one of the experiments in this article. The PANAS consists of positive adjectives (such as interested, alert, excited) and negative adjectives (such as disinterested, upset, guilty) rated on a five point scale to indicate the extent to which the rater feels that way. This scale is simple to administer and score in class and yields scores on positive and negative affect. Watson, D., Clark, L., & Telegren, A. (1988). Development and validation of brief measures of positive and negative affect: The PANAS scales. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 54, 1063-1070.
Overview | Article Summary | For Instructors | For Students About the Authors Chris Kleinke is a professor of psychology at the University of Alaska, Anchorage. He completed this research with his undergraduate students, Thomas Peterson, who is now in graduate school at the University of New Mexico, and Thomas Rutledge, who is now a graduate student at the University of British Columbia.
About the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology publishes a wide range of empirical, theoretical, and review articles on personality and on social psychology. Check out the recent issue.
Links to Life Here is an interesting synopsis of work on emotion and mood from a somewhat old (1996) on-line bibliography on emotion. What if you couldn't smile? People with Moebius Syndrome can't smile. Just for fun, visit the Page of Smiles, with smiley pictures and lots of links to make you smile. And hereÕs a dictionary of emoticons (smiley faces and other expression of emotion made with punctuation) so you can share your mood electronically.
While recovering from OpenStack Summit in Hong Kong, I watched the buzz coming out of the recent AWS re:Invent conference and quietly thanked the scheduling gods at @RedHatCloud for not making me go to back-to-back mega-cloud events.
The OpenStack Design Summit in Hong Kong had roughly 3000 attendees, 2/3 of which were first-time attendees. That's a good sign that OpenStack is expanding beyond the core contributors & backers and is rapidly gaining traction around the globe.
The last count I heard was somewhere between 8,000 and 9,000 people attended AWS re:Invent. The event grew from last year by 2,500 - 3,000 people. Amazon made several major new product announcements ranging from AppStream, WorkSpaces for Desktop Computing,AWS CloudTrail, Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL, Kinesis, to a new generation EC2 Instances for Compute-Intensive Workloads.
“More” is Awesome if you are Amazon
It was an interesting juxtaposition as the press and clouderati praised Amazon repeatedly for its ever-expanding feature set while pointing to OpenStack's inability to concentrate its energies on a core feature set and harden itself against expanding its project portfolio.
Not once did I hear any complaining that Amazon had over-stepped it mandates. Instead, there were much kudos & admiration for the way Amazon managed to eat their eco-system partners' share of the cloud cake and move into entirely new market spaces at such a rapid pace. Amazon's ambition and their rate of innovation beyond their core market is not seen as something that will sink them, instead it is lauded as one of the key reason why Amazon will be difficult to compete with in the future.
As Amazon is not an Open Source project, we have no real insights into what internal projects failed, were culled, or are on the road map other than what we can cull from the keynotes and AWS-sanctioned presentations. The combination of Bezos' carefully cultivated corporate culture & their agile develop & deploy philosophy that appears to be along the lines of release lots of feature sets early, often, in a few zones but not all, gather customer feedback, cull carefully and iterate often. And it's working great for them and for those of us who reap the benefits for their widening portfolio of services. At Red Hat's OpenShift, we get to reap the benefits of efficiency gained and pass them back onto our PaaS customers in terms of lower prices and can now make our services available in 14 new countries. Amazon's growth is definitely a win-win for their cloud eco-system.
“The Sky is Falling” if you are OpenStack
Now, compare that with the ‘advice' given to OpenStackers by analysts, press and assorted cloud vendors leading up to & during the Hong Kong Summit. The OpenStack community was said to be behaving badly by expanding “at an unprecedented pace”, that OpenStack upstream initiatives were “swallowing any potential proprietary value add anyone could add around the core” by adhering strictly to an “open core model” according to Mirantis' Boris Renski .
That post started off a flurry of dire predictions about OpenStack's future. Many of them warning the OpenStack community that it had better NOT expand too far into the pockets of the eco-system of vendors that have chosen to participate in the OpenStack community for fear of 'eating their own supporters'.
Other pundits took direct aim at new OpenStack-related initiatives being floated for the first time at the Summit as 'knee-jerk“ or ”half-formed“ showing a complete lack of understanding of the open source development process in which openly floating new ideas and concepts is part of the process. It's understandable that multiple vendors coalescing around flushing the use cases at the conceptual design stage rather than after a chunk of code has been lofted into a github repo might seem odd to some, it appears to be a new emerging best practice for open source which is directly arising from the open collaboration being fostered within the OpenStack community.
Spreading FUD boosts readership, and working in the open gives pundits something tantalizing to write about especially when they aren't given access to what goes on behind closed doors at Amazon.
The whole Core debate is a red herring meant to protect some of the weaker business models that have developed around the OpenStack project and that have not chosen a defensible position in the market. This is not to say that a stabile and mature core is should not be the primary goal for the OpenStack community. What I am saying is that the community has the processes in place and the ability to grow and sustain new projects and initiatives successfully and we should not shirk away from doing so.
Core alone is not enough.
If we listen to the fear-mongers and believe the OpenStack processes cannot support growth beyond core IaaS feature set, and we fail to grow the OpenStack's own portfolio of features, we risk quickly becoming irrelevant as Amazon continues its proprietary quest for cloud market domination & saturation.
In order to have a competitive Open Source offering for building clouds, both public & private - we need to add new services and features to the OpenStack portfolio as well as mature and stabilize the "core” projects.
A good example of a 'newish' feature is the Ceilometer project that aims to become the infrastructure to collect measurements within OpenStack. Its primary targets are monitoring and metering, but the framework should be easily expandable to collect for other needs. To that effect, Ceilometer should be able to share collected data with a variety of consumers. This project's existence covers a very real use case, and I am sure, has uprooted a few community members initial business plans - but a cloud without a framework for monitoring and metering would be deemed useless by most enterprises.
Continued innovation is critical. Amazon recognizes this, the OpenStack community needs to embrace this ethos as well.
Cultivate our own Garden
The difference between these two cloud giants is that everything OpenStack does, it does in the open. All our successes and failures are in the open.
The OpenStack community is an awesome software factory which has an awe-inspiring process for managing releases with a continuous integration, source code management, peer review tools so much so that one of its community members has packaged up the process itself as a product offering.
Each new initiative gets announced in mailing lists, makes rounds at un-conference & lightning talks, gathers steam, builds a wiki page or two, finds support, gains a github repo (or two), develops a blueprint and if it manages to find a little sunlight, fertile soil - it might just make it into incubation and eventually (if not quite as rapidly as Amazon's process) be accepted as an official OpenStack project.
There is an open design & development process, and it works.
It can and does support integrating new projects, the process for vetting new ideas and growing a stronger portfolio of new services. The sunlight of transparency only makes the design & vetting process stronger.
Sometimes, OpenStack will cannibalize a market, but more often than not the vendors in that space adapt and help grow the project - because that's how open source collaboration works. If your IP isn't significant or unique enough to fend off a little community competition, it's a good sign that you need to look elsewhere for your value-proposition.
If you are spending cycles worrying that OpenStack is eating your market space, you ought to be watching Amazon.
The companies & individuals backing OpenStack for the most part seem to understand the OpenStack process - even if the pundits don't. Most OpenStackers tend to take a longer term view of the market space and see the bigger picture.
OpenStack's focus should be on ensuring that its processes and culture remain open to innovation and are not reigned in by fear of overstepping our 'mandate' - our mandate is open and will change as the technology evolves.
As much as we love Amazon and stand in awe of Netflix's agility to take advantage of new technology and techniques, we've all been burned way too many times by software monopolies to ever go back to a world dominated by a single Cloud and that certainly would not be a world that helps others cultivate their own gardens.
I was never good in fighting games, and they rarely interested me. Even though I am a big nintendo fan, not even Super Smash does it for me personally. However, Arms brings interesting concept of motion controls of boxing like gameplay that made Wii Sports Boxing fun 10 years ago, to the next level. Controls method options are available. If you despise the "gimmick" of motion controls, you may play the game entirely with Pro Controller or docked JoyCons using buttons only. This will render a little bit better precision in timing of some inputs. However, motion controls are the highlighted option. In this fighting game, you actually have the camera behind (third person view) of your character. Motions with JoyCons imitating punches will make your character punch, though their spring like arms extend the punch. Moving your arms with the controllers, will make your character's spring arms curve in the direction you want. It is a surprising fidelity of motion control that makes the game very fun and engaging. The character can move around in the arena to anywhere you want. You may punch, jump, dodge, block, and grab. These simple mechanics work around the logic that: punches beat/cancel grabs, blocks cancel punches, and grabs beat blocks. Simple enough. Though superficially only. As you bump up difficulty, you will learn of further intricacies, such as counter punches, combined with the variety of Arms to be unlocked. The game has 10 characters. More coming through confirmed free DLC. Each character has their own stats of speed, defense, and power. Additionally, each has a unique ability. They vary from Regenerating health when blocking, to multiple air jumps, and even auto charge arms attack when low on health. Each character has a pre-set of 3 arms to choose. The arms are rather like boxing gloves that have unique stats/abilities, that range from fire to burn for extra time damage, freezing to slow down opponent, even creative ones such as boomerangs that make punches extra curved, or slapping arms that make punches more like whipping attacks. You may charge your punches to enable the element/power attack of chosen gloves. As you fight, you get credit points that can be used in a fun arcade game to unlock additional arms for all characters. Stages are few for now, but more may come through DLC. They are well designed and creative, ranging from beach day park, to dynamic changing terrain of a dance stage. There are several game modes. Championship which is a story-less career mode, where you choose difficulty and go through all characters fight in a typical fighter arcade run. V Ball, where a bomb inside a volley ball is thrown around, if ball stays in you court side for too long it explodes granting opponent team a point. Basketball mode, where you literally must grab enemy and throw him/her to a basketball hoop for points. Target practice. And team fights. All of the modes can be played locally single player, locally with up to 4 friends, in between local Nintendo Switch consoles, and Online. Online has additional 1 v 1 mode for ranked serious matches. Online mode also benefits of a dynamic party lobby that rearranges you and online contestants in various modes and fights. Something very fun and interesting to see as matches diagrams keep moving around live as you wait to join a match. Visuals are great as expected of true nintendo franchises. Full HD 1080p 60 frames per second gameplay for single player locally or online. Visuals drop to 900p 60fps for 2 players locally or online. And for 3 or 4 drops to 720p 30fps. If you aren't into fighting games like me, this may still interest you for the unique twists of modes and manner of actual fighting. It is fun for both casual players and hard core fighting gamers. I won't be surprised to see serious tournaments or eSports for this game in near future.
Read more
The liberum veto (Latin for "free veto") was a parliamentary device in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. It was a form of unanimity voting rule that allowed any member of the Sejm (legislature) to force an immediate end to the current session and to nullify any legislation that had already been passed at the session by shouting, Sisto activitatem! (Latin: "I stop the activity!") or Nie pozwalam! (Polish: "I do not allow!"). The rule was in place from the mid-17th century to the late 18th century in the Sejm's parliamentary deliberations. It was based on the premise that since all Polish noblemen were equal, every measure that came before the Sejm had to be passed unanimously. The liberum veto was a key part of the political system of the Commonwealth, strengthening democratic elements and checking royal power and went against the European-wide trend of having a strong executive (absolute monarchy).
Many historians hold that the liberum veto was a major cause of the deterioration of the Commonwealth political system, particularly in the 18th century, when foreign powers bribed Sejm members to paralyze its proceedings, and the Commonwealth's eventual destruction in the partitions of Poland and foreign occupation, dominance and manipulation of Poland for the next 200 years or so. Piotr Stefan Wandycz wrote that the "liberum veto had become the sinister symbol of old Polish anarchy". In the period of 1573–1763, about 150 sejms were held, about a third failing to pass any legislation, mostly because of the liberum veto. The expression Polish parliament in many European languages originated from the apparent paralysis.
Origin [ edit ]
The rule evolved from the principle of unanimous consent, which derived from the traditions of decision-making in the Kingdom of Poland, and it developed under the federative character of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.[1] Each deputy to a Sejm was elected at a sejmik (the local sejm for a region) and represented the entire region. He thus assumed responsibility to his sejmik for all decisions taken at the Sejm.[1] Since all noblemen were considered equal, a decision taken by a majority against the will of a minority (even if only one sejmik) was considered a violation of the principle of political equality.[1]
At first, the dissenting deputies were often convinced or cowed back to withdraw their objections.[1] Also, at first, the rule was used to strike down only individual laws, not to dissolve the chamber and throw out all measures passed.[2] For example, as historian Władysław Czapliński describes in the Sejm of 1611 context, some resolutions were struck down, but others passed.[2] From the mid-17th century onward, however, an objection to any item of Sejm legislation from a deputy or senator automatically caused other, earlier adopted legislation to be rejected. That was because all legislation that was adopted by a given Sejm formed a whole.[3]
It is commonly and erroneously, believed that a Sejm was first disrupted by the liberum veto by a Trakai deputy, Władysław Siciński, in 1652.[4] In reality, he vetoed only the continuation of the Sejm's deliberations beyond the statutory time limit.[3][5] He had, however, set up a dangerous precedent.[5][6] Over the proceedings of the next few sejms, the veto was still occasionally overruled, but it became gradually more accepted.[6] Before 20 years had passed, in 1669 in Kraków, the entire Sejm was prematurely disrupted on the strength of the liberum veto before it had finished its deliberations[3][5] by the Kiev deputy, Adam Olizar.[7] The practice spiraled out of control, and in 1688, the Sejm was dissolved even before the proceedings had begun or the Marshal of the Sejm was elected.[3][5]
Zenith [ edit ]
During the reign of John III Sobieski (1674–1696), half of Sejm proceedings were scuttled by the veto.[5] The practice also spread from the national Sejm to local sejmik proceedings.[5] In the first half of the 18th century, it became increasingly common for Sejm sessions to be broken up by the liberum veto, as the Commonwealth's neighbours, chiefly Russia and Prussia, found it to be a useful tool to frustrate attempts at reforming and strengthening the Commonwealth. By bribing deputies to exercise their vetoes, Poland's neighbours could derail any measures not to their liking.[3] The Commonwealth deteriorated from a European power into a state of anarchy.[8] Only a few Sejms were able to meet during the reign of the House of Saxony in Poland (1696–1763), the last one in 1736.[3] Only 8 out of the 18 Sejm sessions during the reign of Augustus II (1697–1733) passed legislation.[9] For a period of 30 years around the reign of Augustus III, only one session was able to pass legislation (1734–1763).[10] The government was near collapse, giving rise to the term "Polish anarchy", and the country was managed by provincial assemblies and magnates.[10]
Disruption of the Commonwealth governance caused by the liberum veto was highly significant. From 1573 to 1763, about 150 Sejms where held, of which 53 failed to pass any legislation.[3] Historian Jacek Jędruch notes that out of the 53 disrupted Sejms, 32 were disrupted by the liberum veto.[11]
Final years [ edit ]
The 18th century saw an institution known as a "confederated sejm" evolve.[12] It was a parliament session that operated under the rules of a confederation.[12] Its primary purpose was to avoid disruption by the liberum veto, unlike the national Sejm, which was being paralyzed by the veto.[12] On some occasions, a confederated sejm was formed of the whole membership of the national Sejm so that the liberum veto would not operate.[13]
The second half of the 18th century, marking the age of the Enlightenment in Poland, also witnessed an increased trend aiming at the reform of the inefficient governance of the Commonwealth.[14][15] Reforms of 1764–1766 improved the proceedings of the Sejm.[16] Majority voting for non-crucial items, including most economic and tax matters, was introduced, with binding instructions from sejmiks being outlawed.[16] The road to reform was not easy, as conservatives, supported by foreign powers, opposed most of the changes and attempted to defend the liberum veto and other elements perpetuating the inefficient governance, most notably by the Cardinal Laws of 1768.[17][18]
The liberum veto was finally abolished by the Constitution of 3 May 1791, adopted by a confederated sejm, which permanently established the principle of majority rule.[19] The achievements of that constitution, however, which historian Norman Davies called "the first constitution of its kind in Europe",[20] were undone by another confederated sejm, meeting at Grodno in 1793. That Sejm, under duress from Russia and Prussia, ratified the Second Partition of Poland, anticipating the Third Partition of Poland, the final disappearance of the Polish-Lithuanian state just two years later.[21]
Significance [ edit ]
Harvard political scientist Grzegorz Ekiert, assessing the history of the liberum veto in Poland, concludes:
The principle of the liberum veto preserved the feudal features of Poland's political system, weakened the role of the monarchy, led to anarchy in political life, and contributed to the economic and political decline of the Polish state. Such a situation made the country vulnerable to foreign invasions and ultimately led to its collapse.[22]
Political scientist Dalibor Roháč noted that the "principle of liberum veto played an important role in [the] emergence of the unique Polish form of constitutionalism" and acted as a significant constraint on the powers of the monarch by making the "rule of law, religious tolerance and limited constitutional government... the norm in Poland in times when the rest of Europe was being devastated by religious hatred and despotism."[23] It was seen as one of the key principles of the Commonwealth political system and culture, the Golden Liberty.[24]
At the same time, historians hold that the principle of liberum veto was a major cause of the deterioration of the Commonwealth political system and Commonwealth's eventual downfall.[4] Deputies bribed by magnates or foreign powers, or simply content to believe they were living in some kind of "Golden Age", for over a century paralysed the Commonwealth's government, stemming any attempts at reform.[25][26] Piotr Stefan Wandycz wrote that the "liberum veto had become the sinister symbol of old Polish anarchy."[27] Wagner echoed him thus: "Certainly, there was no other institution of old Poland which has been more sharply criticized in more recent times than this one.".[28]
Modern parallels and popular culture [ edit ]
A 2004 Polish collectible card game, Veto, set in the background of a royal election during an election sejm, is named after this procedure.[29]
Until the early 1990s, IBM had a decision-making process called "non-concur" in which any department head could veto a company-wide strategy if it did not fit in with his department's outlook. That effectively turned IBM into several independent fiefdoms. "Non-concur" was eliminated by CEO Louis Gerstner, who was brought in to revive the declining company.[30]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Younes Kaboul: Tottenham defender returned to action on Monday night
Kaboul played for an hour for Spurs' U21s against West Ham at Upton Park having been out since aggravating a knee injury on the opening day of the season at Newcastle.
"He did well, had no problems really," said Ramsey.
"He wanted to play an extra 15 minutes as well, showed a fantastic attitude and wanted to push his fitness a little more.
"Tom Carroll showed a great attitude as well, as he always does. All the senior professionals have set an example when they've come into the squad.
"Overall, when you look at the fact that a player like Younes returns to action after eight months out and the experience the younger lads gain playing alongside him, it's another great exercise for us."
Depending on where you're from and where you've lived in the United States, you probably say things a little differently than people from other parts of the country. You've experienced this, but you've never seen how the regional dialects of the United States break down quite so cleanly.
Ph.D student Joshua Katz has applied some academic rigor to the old "soda, pop, coke" debate. Katz studied data from a 122 question survey examining the differences in how we speak across the country, plugging the that data into an interactive heat map displaying the answers to the many questions.
Advertisement
Katz also made a page that allows you to examine the aggregate dialect differences between one city and the rest of the country. For example, Barrett and I are from Washington DC, so I looked up the map below. Who knows that we spoke so similarly to people in Florida? Wow.
Advertisement
This is a perfect example of how to make a really powerful visualization that's informative rather than gratuitous and silly. Katz's work takes information that's been abstractly planted in our heads and turns it into something we can understand. Kudos! [Joshua Katz via The Abstract via Reddit via Business Insider]
Less than a month ago, the Golden State Warriors somehow managed to commit three turnovers in less than a minute against the L.A. Lakers.
Near the end of that previous meeting against the Lakers on November 29, Shaun Livingston made two of those turnovers by himself (before fouling Julius Randle, who walked to the free throw line chuckling either at the absurdity of the moment or that it took his teammates so long to realize he had barbeque chic- Shaun Livingston firmly posted up with only Nick Young available to help).
On the first turnover, Livingston was stripped from behind by Corey Brewer while casually dribbling the ball past across the free throw line in transition. On the second one, he threw a lead pass to Young in transition that was completely uncatchable.
Livingston was hardly the only player guilty of inexplicably bad turnovers that game, but, as someone who has been a favorite of mine since before he even signed with the Warriors, that stands out as a time when things had gotten particularly bad. It's not so much that Livingston doesn't commit turnovers, but I KNOW WHAT I SEE and that seemed like an uncharacteristically bad stretch for a player whose game is typically defined by more crafty, deliberate, or measured play.
After the game, Warriors coach Steve Kerr tried to search for the words to describe his team's 22 turnovers that night and only managed to narrow things down to “particularly galling,” “absolutely galling,” and “mind boggling” — apparently I wasn't the only one perplexed by what I was seeing.
The turnovers that Steve Kerr called "galling" last night pic.twitter.com/elRqOIbr7U — Anthony Slater (@anthonyVslater) November 30, 2017
Expect turnovers
The Warriors somehow ended up winning that sloppy affair on November 29 in overtime, despite their best efforts to literally throw the game away. Golden State of Mind contributor Greg Thomas summarized the situation the next morning with a tone befitting an ugly state of affairs that has become weirdly normal during a time of prosperity.
Both the Warriors and Lakers sit in the bottom third of the NBA in turnover percentage, so it's no surprise that the Lakers finished with 17 turnovers and the Warriors finished with 22 turnovers. This has been the Warriors' downfall early this season — committing careless turnovers that led to easy opportunities for the other team. Some credit should go to the Lakers, who grabbed 12 steals and played aggressively all night. Nevertheless, turnovers continued to plague the Warriors and allow the Lakers to close the gap whenever the Warriors got a sizable lead.
Turnovers have plagued the Warriors since before the Kerr era, but despite their success -- and possibly even because of it — the careless ones never cease to be vexing for coaches and fans. At this point, I've come to accept the especially mind-boggling turnovers as the toll that we fans have to suffer to witness greatness. Perhaps some would even say that turnovers are the one thing holding the Warriors back from being a three-time champion right now.
But how harmful are these turnovers, really? Yeah, they're ugly to watch — and that Curry behind the back pass during Game 7 of the 2016 NBA Finals is still absolutely painful — but if they're managing to make three straight Finals appearances despite them, do we all just place too much value on turnovers?
Just how big of a problem are turnovers?
In describing his own team's struggles, former Warriors assistant and current Lakers coach Luke Walton identified turnovers as his team's primary challenge, according to Joey Ramirez of Lakers.com.
“Limiting our turnovers will give us the best chance as far as just one thing to change,” Walton said. “It's tough, especially when you go on the road, to turn the ball over the way we've been doing it.
“If I had a magic wand, that would be the one thing I'd fix.”
And if that sounds like something one could just as easily say about the Warriors, it's because the two teams' turnovers come from remarkably similar places given their respective records since last season.
Both the Warriors and Lakers are first and second in the NBA, respectively, in fast break points as well as top five in the league in pace and turnover percentage — as Greg alluded to, these are two teams that like to play fast so turnovers should just be an expected byproduct of that style of play. However, there's some value in digging deeper into these two teams' statistical profiles to better understand the actual value of a turnover and why the Warriors still manage to have the league's best offense while the Lakers have the third-worst, according to NBA.com/stats.
The Warriors overcome turnovers with historic shooting
In an article published last Friday, John Schuchmann of NBA.com broke down the Warriors' statistical profile and noted that all six of their losses have come on games when they give up excessive points off turnovers and/or second chances. But the far more significant point from his piece was that the Warriors can overcome terrible numbers across the Four Factors because they're ultimately a historically efficient shooting team that is currently on pace to beat their historically efficient marks from the past two seasons.
...their shooting is so good, they have the highest mark in offensive efficiency in NBA history (almost 114 points scored per 100 possessions) even though they're one of only four teams that ranks in the bottom 11 in free-throw rate (21st), turnover percentage (25th) and offensive rebounding percentage (20th)...[The shooting] was great before and it's better now. And you can make up for other deficiencies by putting the ball in the basket more effectively than any team in NBA history...Shooting is the most important thing in basketball. The Warriors do it more effectively than any other team in history, and that remains the most critical aspect of their quest to win their third championship in the last four years.
Of the four teams he was referring to -- the Warriors, Atlanta Hawks, Miami Heat and Utah Jazz — effective field goal percentage (eFG%) differential is the what ultimately separates last place (Hawks, -2.5%) from borderline playoff team (Heat, +1.8%; Jazz, +1.2%) from title favorite (Warriors, league-high +9.8%).
So, although the Warriors' turnovers might have been been absolutely galling on November 29 against the Lakers, you could just as easily attribute that to a matter of shooting: using standard field goal percentage as short hand, the Lakers won the first half outshooting the Warriors 53.8%-45.%; the Warriors won the second half (and overtime) outshooting the Lakers 51.3%-46.7%.
When you have Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Klay Thompson and lord knows who else ready and willing to light up the scoreboard from beyond the arc, there's always a solution for those turnovers.
The Lakers have no easy way to overcome turnovers
So how about the Lakers? They do rank ninth in the NBA in opponent effective field goal percentage (51.3%), which is great! The problem is that their offense ranks 23rd in the league in effective field goal percentage (50.4%), which means they have a negative differential (-.9%). Meanwhile, they actually do alright in the other Four Factors: they're 16th in free throw rate and 10th in offensive rebounding percentage with (narrowly) positive differentials in each.
That juxtaposition of strengths and weaknesses might be all the insight you need about the actual value of turnovers: the Warriors can overcome relative deficits in turnovers, rebounding and free throw rate because of their otherworldly shooting; the Lakers' below average shooting makes it exceptionally difficult for them to overcome those turnovers.
As an example, in a recent win against the Philadelphia 76ers, Walton credited the Lakers with limiting their turnovers, according to an article by Tania Ganguli of the L.A. Times. However, that doesn't really tell the full story for the Lakers in that game: the Lakers were actually outscored 55-50 in the second half when they had five turnovers and shot just 39.6% while the Sixers shot 57.1%. In contrast, they were up 57-49 at halftime after shooting 47.9% in the first half and committing six turnovers.
Although it almost certainly helped that they kept their turnovers below their 17.1 per game average, it's clear that figuring out their shooting went a long way toward determining that one.
Along those lines, Reddit user Lord_Yogurt probably described the Lakers' issues best in a brief summary of a longer post a little more than a month ago:
tldr; Lakers are playing at a fast pace but not getting many FGAs. This is mostly due to turnovers. But it's not the primary source of our terrible offense. The real problem is our 3pt shooting, we are 29th in attempts, 29th in percentage and last in 3pt makes. Part of the issue isn't that we are 28th in 3pt assist ratio around 27%. Our D is carrying us for now which is ok because it looks sustainable
The defense is generally holding up for them, but it is undermined by their inability to shoot, probably not their inability to hold on to the ball.
Cutting down on turnovers just isn't enough
Obviously turnovers suck — you clearly don't want your team to just be giving the ball to the other team when you could be shooting. But shooting and missing doesn't do you a whole lot of good either, even if you do minimize turnovers.
Of course, this isn't exactly novel insight: Michael Beuoy of inpredictable, Devin Kharpertian of The Brooklyn Game, and the folks at NBA Math (among others) have all suggested that we probably underestimate the value of shooting and overestimate the cost of turnovers. Contrary to Four Factors creator Dean Oliver's assertion that shooting was worth 40% of a team's success and turnovers 25% (described in the links above), NBA Math put that number at 60% and Beuoy wrote that shooting was almost six times as valuable as turnovers.
In short, people probably do overrate the cost of turnovers by a fair amount — we should be far more focused on the appropriate balance of skills and attributes, as described in depth by lawyer (?) Tom Lyons. And that balance should be heavy on the shooting.
While it might not be entirely fair to say that limiting turnovers doesn't matter if you can't shoot, the “easiest” thing to do is just get historically efficient at shooting like the Warriors did and let the other stuff fall into place, even if that means tolerating galling turnovers.
So good luck with that, Magic — you've got work to do.
News from New York: it looks as if insurance premiums on the individual market are going to plunge thanks to Obamacare. This shouldn't come as a surprise; in fact, the New York experience perfectly illustrates why Obamacare had to look the way it does. And it also illustrates why conservatives should be terrified about this legislation, as it takes effect. Americans may have had a lot of misgivings in advance, thanks to vast, deliberately spread misinformation. But I agree with Matt Yglesias — unless the GOP finds even more ways to sabotage the plan, this thing is going to work, it's going to be extremely popular, and it's going to wreak havoc with conservative ideology.
To understand what's happening in New York, you have to start with what almost everyone at least pretends to believe: Americans shouldn't find it impossible to get health insurance because of pre-existing conditions that aren't their fault. Two decades ago, New York tried to deal with this by imposing community rating: insurance is available to everyone, and the price doesn't depend on your medical history.
The problem was that this created a death spiral: young, healthy people didn't buy insurance, worsening the risk pool, driving up premiums, driving out more relatively healthy people, etc., until you were left with a rump of very ill people paying very high rates.
How do you deal with this? Well, ideally, Medicare for all. But since that wasn't going to happen, you improve the risk pool by requiring everyone to buy insurance — the individual mandate. And since some people won't be able to afford that, you also offer subsidies. Voila! ObamaRomneycare!
Where does the money for the subsidies come from? Partly by reducing corporate welfare: reducing overpayments for Medicare Advantage, reducing tax breaks for very generous insurance plans; partly with new taxes on the wealthy.
And while a few people will be hurt — young, healthy individuals too affluent to qualify for subsidies, wealthy taxpayers, etc. — a much larger number of people will be helped, some of them enormously.
Does this amount to “redistribution”? Well, yes — not as an end in itself, but yes, a lot of people will be made better off at the expense of an affluent few.
And Yglesias is right: there will be bobbles along the way, but this is going to become an immensely popular program. By the time Liz Cheney challenges Hillary Clinton's reelection campaign, there will be signs at the rallies declaring “Don't let the government get its hands on Obamacare!”
Conservatives are right to be hysterical about this: it's an attack on everything they believe — and it's going to make Americans' lives better. What could be worse?
THE decision to return Kenya's 76-year-old incumbent president, Mwai Kibaki, to office was not made by the Kenyan people but by a small group of hardline leaders from Mr Kibaki's Kikuyu tribe. They made up their minds before the result was announced, perhaps even before the opposition candidate, Raila Odinga, had opened up a lead in early returns from the December 27th election. It was a civil coup.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The planning was meticulous. All that was needed were the extra votes to squeak past Mr Odinga in what had been among the most closely contested elections Africa had ever seen. That was why returns from Central Province, Mr Kibaki's fiercely loyal Kikuyu heartland, were inexplicably held back. It was why, in some constituencies, a large number of voters seemed mysteriously to vote only in the presidential race and ignore the parliamentary ballot—despite waiting hours in the blazing sun. But the real damage was done in Nairobi, by simply crossing out the number of votes as announced in the constituency and scribbling in a higher number. Election monitors were turned away while the tallying went on. Monitors from the European Union saw tens of thousands of votes pinched in this way.
Mr Odinga's supporters were not innocent either. There were irregularities in his home province of Nyanza. Still, it was the meddling in Central Province that was decisive. Officially, Mr Kibaki won 4.58m votes to Mr Odinga's 4.35m. A third candidate, Kalonzo Musyoka, won 880,000 votes. Unofficially, Mr Odinga may have won, albeit by a similarly narrow margin.
The tragedy for Kenya, and what threatens to rip the nation apart, is that no one will know for sure. The EU's preliminary report on the election was scathing. Although the parliamentary election had gone off well, the European observers said the presidential one had fallen short of “international standards”.
The role of the electoral commission was particularly dodgy. On the afternoon of December 30th its head, Samuel Kivuitu, declared Mr Kibaki president. The news went out only on KBC, the state broadcaster. Other camera crews were led out of the building. The security forces sealed off the city centre against the angry poor, most of whom had voted for Mr Odinga. A few minutes later, in the twilight, Mr Kibaki was sworn in as president at the State House. In contrast to Mr Kibaki's first term, when the inauguration took place in a stadium heaving with jubilant supporters, there were no dignitaries or diplomats, just a few dozen loyalists and civil servants. Some questioned whether in fact the whole event had been staged earlier and pre-recorded.
The reaction to the swearing-in was immediate. Nairobi's slums exploded in rage. The poor killed each other. Across the country came a swelling up of tribal violence, sometimes Kikuyu against Mr Odinga's Luo tribe, more often Luo and other tribes against Kikuyu. Hundreds have been killed so far and 80,000 displaced. Gang rapes and mutilations are widespread. Police have orders to shoot to kill. There has been looting in Kisumu, riots in Mombasa and pitched battles in Eldoret (see map). Kikuyu hiding in a church near Eldoret were burned alive by a mob.
Taken together, this amounts to a pulling apart of Kenya's rich national fabric. Some 97% of Kikuyu voted for Mr Kibaki. Everywhere else he was trounced. Muslims, for instance, voted against Mr Kibaki by 70% or more. The Kikuyu highlands encircling the glaciers of Mount Kenya increasingly feel like a state within a state. The division is even more troubling when the parliamentary vote is taken into account. Mr Kibaki lost half his cabinet, including his vice-president, as well as a large number of seemingly unassailable members of parliament. This government may find it impossible to pass a budget.
The hardliners' instincts will be to use the security services to reverse the freedoms of Mr Kibaki's first term—anything to avoid power slipping into Mr Odinga's hands. But Kenyans may not stand for this. The government pressured the country's mobile-phone operators to suspend text messages for “security reasons”, without success. The army's strong apolitical tradition, with staff officers drawn from several tribes, looks to be holding.
Mr Odinga is demanding Mr Kibaki's resignation. He is calling for a campaign of civil action, peaceable, but determined. On January 3rd thousands of opposition supporters tried to converge on the centre of Nairobi for a protest rally but were dispersed by the police. Later the same day Mr Kibaki said, for the first time, that he was willing to talk to the opposition “once the nation is calm”.
The expectations of the Luo and other tribes who consider themselves marginalised will have to be addressed, and soon. With 38m people, half of them under 20, Kenya's economy has to create several hundred thousand jobs this year just to stand still. But investment will be hit by the violence, as will vital tourism revenues.
The EU had at first been reluctant to send observers, arguing that resources for Africa were slim and Kenya was “too stable”. During the orderly voting, the mission did indeed look like an extravagance. A week later the country was teetering on the brink of civil war. A chastened Mr Kivuitu now says he is not sure Mr Kibaki won the election. The Americans and the British have been twisting arms, as has the African Union's head, John Kufuor. Well-connected Kikuyu business leaders are trying to persuade Mr Kibaki to give in and form a government of national unity. In the meantime, Kenya burns.
0 2-year-olds bound with tape at Charlotte day care, police report says
CHARLOTTE, N.C. - A 2-year-old's arms and mouth were bound with packaging tape by her day care teacher, according to a police report that Channel 9 obtained.
Channel 9 reporter Ken Lemon spoke to the child's mother who filed a police report on the incident at The Children of America Education and Childcare Centers in the University area.
The 2-year-old's mother, who didn't want to be identified, told Channel 9 that she found out about the incident three weeks ago when an employee walked by a classroom and saw the little girl in a corner with her hands bound by several pieces of tape and tape covering her mouth. The mother said the employee was so stunned she asked another employee to look into the class and witness the incident.
"You're not going to get away wt torturing a child." Mother says N. Chlt daycare teacher bound 2 yo's hands & covered her mouth wt tape. pic.twitter.com/a28YVTjxLm — Ken (@kenlemonWSOC9) April 25, 2017
“You are not going to get away with torturing my child,” the mother said.
She said her child's teacher had been at the day care for a few months and got upset.
“She said my daughter wouldn't be still and listen to what she was saying,” the mother said.
The mother claims that's when the teacher wrapped packing tape around her child's wrists and over her mouth.
The mother said administrators told her what happened the next day and fired the teacher. But the mother said that's not enough, and that the teacher should face charges.
Statement issued by The Mintz Fraade Law Firm, representing Children of America:
"This is in response to the recent inquiry pertaining to an incident at the Children of America childcare center in Charlotte. Please be advised that as a licensed child care provider in the State of North Carolina, Children of America must adhere to strict state mandated guidelines. Specifically, with regard to this recent incident with which you are inquiring about, Children of America took immediate, appropriate action as mandated and pursuant to Children of America's internal policies and procedures which included the termination of the employee. Children of America cannot comment any further on the incident because it is an ongoing investigation."
She waited three weeks for the day care to report the incident to police. She said when that didn't happen, she called police.
The executive vice president for the school said that what happened is upsetting. He said teachers go through training and are told they can take a break any time the stress gets too high. He said administrators will also reinforce procedures for teachers.
The executive vice president added that the day care took swift and appropriate action and that the staff notified child services and state licensing agencies, which is the day care's protocol.
[LINK: NC Division of Child Development and Early Education report]
Channel 9 checked the Division of Child Development records on the five-star facility and learned that three years ago, a 2-year child was left unsupervised for more than 30 minutes. The division discovered in 2015 that criminal records weren't complete for all staff members. The state also found that a 2-year-old child was picked up by the arms and dropped on the floor in 2015.
Read more top trending stories on wsoctv.com:
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
With three of Delhi's Rajya Sabha seats heading for elections next month, a confrontation seems to be emerging within the Aam Aadmi Party yet again between the party establishment and founder member Kumar Vishwas.A group of AAP leaders from Rajasthan, where Vishwas is the state unit chief, met members of the party's Political Affairs Committee (PAC) and demanded that Vishwas be fielded as the AAP candidate for the Ajmer Lok Sabha by-election against Rajasthan Congress chief Sachin Pilot. This comes at a time when Vishwas has made it clear that he wants to stake his claim, as a founding member, for a Rajya Sabha seat come January.AAP leader Sunil Agiwal, who was in Delhi on Monday, told the press that he had proposed Vishwas's name for the upcoming Ajmer bypoll. Agiwal said that he had proposed Vishwas's name because he “always tells” them that he has his family in Rajasthan and has worked in the state.However, sources close to Vishwas told News 18 that the AAP Rajasthan chief was less than keen to take up the Ajmer challenge. He, in fact, thinks this was a ploy to keep him from getting the Rajya Sabha ticket.“Kumar bhai sees through these tricks. You see, the people who were in Delhi are those who were appointed by (Delhi Deputy CM) Manish Sisodia Ji, when he was Rajasthan chief. After Kumar Vishwas took over, he did not remove anybody from their respective posts. However, it is clear that these people want to work for Arvind (Kejriwal) and Manish rather than the party,” an AAP leader close to Vishwas said.He added, “Kumar is not keen at all on contesting this election. He, instead, wants to go to the Rajya Sabha. He has earned that seat owing to his status as a founding member of the AAP. The establishment is trying to deny him that.”The party is expected to nominate three members to the Rajya Sabha soon, with elections to the Upper House due on January 16. In addition to Vishwas, senior party leaders Sanjay Singh and Ashutosh are said to be the other frontrunners for the posts.Sources close to Kejriwal had, however, indicated to News 18 that the party was considering nominating “outsiders”, who were experts in their fields, to the Rajya Sabha instead of party leaders.The name of former Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan, too, had been doing the rounds. Owing to its numbers in the Delhi Assembly, the AAP will be able to win all three seats.Speaking to News 18 in October, ahead of the party's National Council (NC) meeting, Vishwas did not deny that he would like a Rajya Sabha seat.“I have never held any post and I have never taken anything from the party. I have only given to AAP. If I get a (Rajya Sabha) ticket, it's all good. If I don't, then that is fine too. Everything is in God's hands. I have been raising issues related to the party ever since the Punjab elections. Other people said that we lost Punjab because of EVMs. I said that EVMs are only one of the reasons why we lost. But there were reasons of our own. We have to look at those,” he had said.
TALKING SHERLOCK HOLMES WITH ALISTAIR DUNCAN
In 2010 when the BBC asked the Sherlock Holmes Society of London to review the first episode of the new BBC One three part series ‘Sherlock' on the day of broadcast, they chose Alistair Duncan as their leading expert for interview on BBC Radio 5 Live. Several million listeners tuned in to hear Alistair give the modern day reimagining of Sherlock Holmes the thumbs up.
As an award winning author on the subject of Sherlock Holmes, Alistair's published material include ‘Eliminate The Impossible', a book that rocked the Holmes world as it was the first 'honest and frank' review of Holmes on stage and screen, ‘Close to Holmes', and 'The Norwood Author' which won the 2011 Howlett Literary Award (Sherlock Holmes Book Of The Year). He is an active supporter of the ‘Save Undershaw' campaign, and his new book 'An Entirely New Country', due for release on December 5th 2011, will look at Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's years at Undershaw.
We were lucky enough to catch up with Alistair in the lead up to ‘The Great Sherlock Holmes Debate' which he will also be taking part in on behalf of the ‘Traditionalist' side, and asked him a few questions about ‘Sherlock', the original canon, and did Sherlock really fall for Irene Adler?
Alistair, many thanks for taking the time out of your busy schedule to answer a few questions we know are of particular interest to our readers, followers and fans of BBC ‘Sherlock'.
Q. Firstly, what was it that first drew you to the Sherlock Holmes stories?
A. My first experience of Holmes was The Scarlet Claw with Basil Rathbone. I was eight and had been suffering from either chickenpox or flu. I had ventured out of my room for the first time in a week and this was what my parents were watching. I was captivated and asked questions. However, when I first picked up the books I struggled to reconcile the Nazi fighting Holmes of the films with the Holmes of the books. It was not until Jeremy Brett came along that I truly got to grips with the canon. Mr. Brett unlocked the stories for me.
Q. Which adaptation or portrayal of the Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson characters do you feel are most faithful to the canon?
A. That's difficult. Jeremy Brett and David Burke were probably best in every respect other than their ages. I would then follow them with Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman. This is based purely on characterisation and takes no account of period.
Q. In ‘A Study in Scarlet' Watson writes that Holmes does not know that the earth goes around the sun, yet in later stories he is clearly represented a polymath. With this in mind, do you think any adaptation can capture the character of Holmes as a whole or is he simply too complex to be represented in a film, radio broadcast or single television episode?
A. I don't think any actor can capture Holmes 100% but this is due to Conan Doyle's lack of consistency in describing his character. For example, Holmes tells us that he only stores the knowledge that is useful in his day-to-day crime fighting life but then in The Lion's Mane we find that he has an up-to-date knowledge of Jellyfish.
Q. Although the Sherlock Holmes stories have never been out of print, why is now the right time for a revival with both Guy Richie's ‘Sherlock Holmes' and BBC ‘Sherlock' both proving so successful?
A. It is tempting to say that the 150th anniversary of Conan Doyle's birth in 2009 had something to do with it but I recognise that many people love Holmes whilst having next to no knowledge of his creator. I don't think timing has all that much to do with it. I think with the right amount of hype the level of interest Holmes is enjoying now could have been created at any time. It just so happens that the right people have sat around the right tables in the last few years.
Q. When Peter Cushing starred in ‘The Hound of the Baskervilles' (1959) it was only the third time it had been played in period, yet today, unlike Ian Fleming's James Bond who is thought of as contemporary figure, Holmes is identified mainly in his original era. How important to the stories is it to keep him as a Victorian character?
A. I don't consider it vital but I do consider it important. Whilst I don't have anything against a modern Holmes (I enjoy the BBC series immensely) I look upon the Victorian setting as another character – and very much a supporting one. I read a very good opinion on this elsewhere (I cannot recall where) where it was pointed out that Holmes as a pioneer of forensics and a man needed by the police makes sense in Victorian times when forensics was in its infancy and Scotland Yard itself was similar (being only about sixty years old). It makes slightly less sense for a modern established force that has embraced forensics to be so reliant on an outsider. The excellent writing on the modern Sherlock makes you overlook this but if you stop and think about it Holmes's importance to the police makes more sense in a Victorian setting.
Q. Clearly the friendship between Holmes and Watson is part of the reason why so many people read the stories over and over again despite knowing ‘who done it'. What do you think makes this relationship so special and why did Holmes choose Watson as his one companion above any other?
A. I think Holmes summed it up quite well in Hound of the Baskervilles - “you are not yourself luminous, but you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it.” Holmes needed a dependable companion who was knowledgeable in his own field but who would not compete with him. He also needs Watson to provide the absurdly simple viewpoint that he is often incapable of seeing for himself. If Holmes chose Watson for any one reason I would suspect it was for his medical knowledge. It was after all the one area where Watson knew more than Holmes (at least we assume he did).
Q. Moriarty could not dispose of Sherlock Holmes, even his author Arthur Conan Doyle could not kill him, so therefore can there be any real suspension of disbelief when Holmes is in jeopardy if the man is truly eternally invincible?
A. I don't think we ever fear for Holmes's physical safety and it isn't that which is important. Our greatest fear as readers/viewers is that he will be outwitted (even if only briefly). There were enough examples of Holmes getting either actually or nearly outwitted to keep us on edge. We fear for the health of his reputation rather than his existence itself. That is the jeopardy.
Q. With that in mind, in BBC ‘Sherlock: A Study in Pink' do you think Sherlock did in fact choose the correct pill or did his addiction to ‘the game' cloud his judgment making John indispensible for the survival of the character?
A. I'm not sure anyone other than Steven Moffat can answer that one. The way it was portrayed very much points to your latter suggestion.
Q. Both Basil Rathbone and Jeremy Brett's Sherlock Holmes were both drug takers and chain smokers, where Robert Downey Jr and Benedict Cumberbatch's versions are represented as neither. Has a modern mainstream audience diluted Holmes' character or is putting such importance on this aspect of his behavior misplaced?
A. I was disappointed that they left it out. I actually think it was a bit cowardly. The BBC had produced Holmes adventures and Conan Doyle adventures where Holmes took cocaine so there was a precedent. Perhaps they feared that a new hip Holmes would be emulated and therefore such habits were undesirable.
Q. Holmes' sexuality has been a hot topic of discussion again since in BBC ‘Sherlock', Sherlock replies to John during a scene in ‘A Study in Pink', “Girlfriend? No. Not really my area.” Some Holmesian scholars have speculated that Holmes was in fact gay (a fact even perhaps unrecognised by Doyle himself at the time) where today asexual is a term commonly used for his character, but interestingly he is rarely thought of as heterosexual. What do we know of the character that would rule that out if at all?
A. Ah – the hot potato. I think some people really want Holmes to be gay but I don't see any evidence of it. When looking at this question you cannot base the answer purely on the stories themselves or any of the many theories presented from the ‘playing the game' perspective (which do not assist us in coming to a realistic answer). You have to examine the age they were written in.
Conan Doyle had an extreme fear of poverty which was caused by his experiences as a child. When he became an adult he took it upon himself to support not only his immediate family but his extended family as well. Consequently he had considerable financial outgoings. He took his financial responsibility to his dependents very seriously and would never knowingly place it at risk. It was for this reason that he often wrote Holmes stories despite disliking the character.
If it had been widely believed that Holmes was gay Conan Doyle could potentially have faced serious questions and maybe even legal action. Had this happened his income would have disappeared and his family would have been put at risk of poverty – something he could never permit.
He may have created a character enigmatic enough to encourage speculation but I don't believe he ever even considered the idea of sexuality. His main reason for giving Holmes/Watson precious little domestic background was a simple desire to give his audience what they wanted which was two heroes fighting for justice with no mundane distractions.
Q. Speaking of attraction, with the upcoming second series of BBC ‘Sherlock' featuring THE Woman, in your opinion was Sherlock Holmes in love with Irene Adler as many suggest or did he merely respect her for outsmarting him?
A. It is the latter for certain. Watson makes it very clear that Holmes did not love Adler. He respected her as an opponent and as a woman who went against all his expectations. The obsession with trying to turn her into his love interest is something that really irritates me and is one of my principal dislikes of the Warner Bros. film.
Q. And finally, if you could meet Sherlock Holmes, do you have a burning question you would want to ask him?
A. Boring perhaps but I would ask him what his favourite cases were and see how close they came to Conan Doyle's list of favourite Holmes stories.
If you would like to read more from Alistair, you can find his blog at: http://alistaird221b.blogspot.com/
His published collection can be purchased from Amazon or MX Publishing and you can pre-order his new book for which Mark Gatiss has written the foreword (with 50% of net royalties going towards the Save Undershaw campaign) below here
Yesterday, we went a full day without any Moto X leaks and rumors. Thanks Google! But now that we know everything about the Nexus 7 2013 and Android 4.3, we can go back to normal, so here's the latest batch of rumors/leaks about world's worst kept secret.
You may know that Taylor Wimberly, the former owner of Android and Me, has so far provided a fair share of info on the new Moto X that ultimately proved accurate. For instance, he correctly reported that the device would come in multiple colors (though his multiple materials report isn't confirmed yet) and he also leaked the 8-core processor that Motorola uses on the new Droid series. According to Wimberly, the source of the reports is someone at Motorola, and the info could actually have been leaked on purpose.
Taylor is back with a couple of reports worth mentioning:
Moto Magic Glass: the Moto X will supposedly feature a slab of Gorilla glass molded to a polymer, resulting in a gap-free surface that wraps on the sides of the phone. There's no gap between the glass-polymer ensemble and the back.
xWATCH/Google smartwatch: remember when we reported exclusively on a smartwatch being in the works at Google? xWATCH might be the codename of the device, and the smartwatch might be launched on August 1 along with the phone. There's supposedly some sort authentication-related integration between the two devices.
Standalone dual-LTE antennas: Taylor says that the Moto X will feature a standalone dual LTE MIMO antenna, as well as a separate antenna for 2G/3G. Most devices have one antenna for both standards.
We're less than a week away from the launch of the Moto X, and even with all the leaks and rumors, there still might be some new stuff to discover till then. Stay tuned.
The first people appeared in Australia about 50,000 years ago and Aboriginal people have been present in the same regions continuously since then. This was revealed by DNA in hair samples collected from Aboriginal people across Australia in the early to mid-1900s.
These findings are the first detailed genetic map of Aboriginal Australia before the arrival of Europeans and confirm the Aboriginal communities' strong connection to the country.
The University of Adelaide's Australian Centre for Ancient DNA (ACAD), in partnership with the South Australian Museum, has recently launched the Aboriginal Heritage Project and these are the first results from that study.
In a series of remarkable anthropological expeditions across Australia from 1928 to the 1970s, 111 hair samples were collected and these are now part of the South Australian Museum's unparalleled collection of hair samples. Researchers analyzed mitochondrial DNA from these hair samples.
Mitochondrial DNA is used to trace maternal ancestry. Australia was still connected to New Guinea 50,000 years ago and the results of the analysis show that modern Aboriginal Australians are the descendants of a single founding population that arrived in Australia during that time. Over the next 1500 to 2000 years, populations then spread rapidly around the west and east coasts of Australia, eventually meeting somewhere in South Australia.
Professor Alan Cooper, Director of ACAD at the University of Adelaide and project leader, finds it amazing that from around this time, the basic population patterns persisted for the next 50,000 years. This shows that communities have remained in discrete geographical regions.
He explained that this is different from people anywhere else in the world and demonstrates the significant Aboriginal cultural connection to the country. Cooper and his team are hoping that this project will lead to a rewriting of Australia's history texts to include detailed Aboriginal history. He added that being on their land for 50,000 years is about 10 times as long as what is commonly taught in European history.
The fact that Aboriginal communities and families have been involved closely with the project from its inception is a central pillar of the Aboriginal Heritage Project. All analyses are only conducted with their consent and, before any scientific publication is done, results are discussed with the families to get an Aboriginal perspective. The research model was established under the direction of Aboriginal elders, the Genographic Project and professional ethicists.
This is the first phase of a project that will last for at least a decade. It will assist with the repatriation of Aboriginal artifacts and allow people with Aboriginal heritage to trace their regional ancestry and recreate their family genealogical history.
Kaurna Elder, Mr. Lewis O'Brien, has been on the advisory group for the study and is one of the original hair donors. He explained that Aboriginal people have always known that they have been on their land since the start of our time. He added that it is important to have science show that to the rest of the world. He finds this an exciting project and hopes it will help people from the Stolen Generation and others to reunite with their families.
Dr Wolfgang Haak from the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History in Germany and formerly at ACAD, noted that it is very complicated to reconstruct the genetic history of Aboriginal Australia due to past government policies of child removal and enforced population relocation. These policies have expunged much of the physical connection between geography and groups in Australia.
The research will be expanded to investigate information from the nuclear genome and paternal lineages. Dr Ray Tobler, a postdoctoral researcher in ACAD and team member, has Aboriginal heritage on his father's side. He was granted an Australian Research Council (ARC) Indigenous Discovery Fellowship to extend the AHP research. Tobler plans to study how the longevity of Aboriginal populations in different environments across Australia has shaped the amazing physical variety found across modern Aboriginal Australians.
Full study was published in the journal Nature, the findings fortify Aboriginal communities' strong connection to country and show the first detailed genetic map of Aboriginal Australia prior to the arrival of Europeans.
Save
Success for Tesla Motors and the Model 3 is success for America.
I just returned from a month-long stay in Gladwyne, a wealthy enclave near Philadelphia. I insert "wealthy" because, until this year, towns like Gladwyne have had a dearth of American sedans: lots of Lexi, and, of course, German cars. There's an occasional Caddy, Buick, or Lincoln -- but they're usually a rare exception.
But returning this year to Gladwyne, I've seen a big change. The Tesla Model S now conspicuously graces streets and parking spots. I often saw two or three -- or more -- when I went to local stores. And that means buyers are trading in (often) foreign-made ICE-based luxury cars for the American-made all-electric Model S. With the 2018 Model 3, something similar should happen. But on a much larger scale. My prediction (as I've stated before) is that the Model 3 and the (possibly cheaper) follow-on will be popular with the Prius crowd and other Japanese brand (and German brand) owners.
Tesla as a counterweight: Which leads to my main point. Replacing Japanese brands with red-white-and-blue brands like Tesla is good for America. If only to level the playing field a bit. Here's why: I lived for ten years in Japan and saw up close and personal how closed that car market is. An inconvenient truth that 99.99 percent of Americans (including foreign-trade know-nothings) are oblivious to. (Even worse are the apologists, who believe that a trickle of imports -- somewhere around 300K -- actually means the Japanese market is open). Japan's insularity isn't about overt trade barriers or tariffs. Instead, it's how the market is rigged -- in many subtle ways -- so it's inaccessible by any foreign carmaker in a big way ("big" being the operative word). Yes, minor market penetration is possible and tolerable in Japan (e.g., Mercedes-Benz) but large-scale penetration (along the lines of Toyota in the U.S.) is impossible and I would argue intolerable to the insular/protectionist Japanese government. Just ask Hyundai , whose headquarters are right across the Sea of Japan (also known as the East Sea) in South Korea. Japan's market is unassailable even for that highly competitive brand.
So, America needs Tesla's Model 3 to succeed (still far from certain, by the way) because it will not only mainstream the electric car but serve as a counterweight to American-Japanese lop-sided market access. Who knows, maybe the Model 3 -- or whatever comes after the Model 3 -- will make an American brand as coveted globally as American cars were in the first part of the last century. And maybe even win over a few Toyota Mirai owners in Japan.
Coushatta massacre Part of Reconstruction Era Date August 1874 Location Louisiana Goals Restore white supremacy Methods Intimidation
Assassination Resulted in 25 arrested, none are charged Parties to the civil conflict White League Massacre victims Republican Party members
Freedmen Casualties None 6 Republicans and 20 Freedmen killed
[3] Like the The White League had organized to drive out Republicans from Louisiana , disrupt their political organizing, and intimidate or murder freedmen to restore white supremacy Like the Red Shirts and other "White Line" organizations, they were described as "the military arm of the Democratic Party."
Background [ edit ]
In Coushatta, the White League criticized Republican leadership. Members publicly accused Twitchell and his brothers-in-law of inciting what they termed "a black rebellion."
The attack [ edit ]
[5] When tensions arose, members of the White League arrested several White Republicans and twenty freedmen, accusing them of plotting a "negro rebellion".[5] Among the White Republicans were Sheriff Edgerton, William Howell (the parish attorney), Robert Dewees (De Soto Parish tax collector), Homer Twitchell (a tax collector and Marshall Twitchell's brother), and three brothers-in-law, Monroe Willis, and Clark Holland; Marshall Twitchell was in [6] Within two days, hundreds of armed Whites arrived in Coushatta.[6] In August 1874, Thomas Floyd, an African American Union army veteran, was serving in the Louisiana State Senate as a Republican. On the night of August 25, he was murdered in Brownsville When tensions arose, members of the White League arrested several White Republicans and twenty freedmen, accusing them of plotting a "negro rebellion".Among the White Republicans were Sheriff Edgerton, William Howell (the parish attorney), Robert Dewees (De Soto Parish tax collector), Homer Twitchell (a tax collector and Marshall Twitchell's brother), and three brothers-in-law, Monroe Willis, and Clark Holland; Marshall Twitchell was in New Orleans at a Republican state convention.Within two days, hundreds of armed Whites arrived in Coushatta.
[6] After holding them hostage for several days, the captors forced the officeholders to sign a statement saying they would immediately leave Louisiana. While travelling out of the region, six White captives were murdered by a band of armed whites, led by Dick Coleman.
[5] Levin Allen had his arms and legs broken before being burned alive.[6] Louis Johnson and Paul Williams, two of the freedmen arrested by the White League, were hanged by Dick Coleman and his mob. Elsewhere in Coushatta and nearby, Whites attacked numerous African Americans, resulting in at least four deaths.Levin Allen had his arms and legs broken before being burned alive.Louis Johnson and Paul Williams, two of the freedmen arrested by the White League, were hanged by Dick Coleman and his mob.
[1][7][8] Although twenty-five men were arrested for the massacre , because of lack of evidence, none were brought to trial.
Aftermath [ edit ]
[9] Violence continued throughout the state. The Coushatta massacre was followed shortly by a large White League insurrection in New Orleans , where they hoped to install the Democrat John McEnery as governor. He had been a contender in the disputed state election of 1872, in which both parties claimed victory. In the New Orleans " Battle of Liberty Place ", 5000 White League members overwhelmed 3500 troops of the Metropolitan Police and state militia. After demanding the resignation of Republican governor William Pitt Kellogg , the White League took control of Canal Street, the city hall, statehouse and arsenal.
[7] Grant's decision to send troops was probably too late to prevent further consolidation of Democratic power. In the 1876 election, white This armed rebellion finally forced President Ulysses S. Grant to respond to the governor's request for reinforcements to Louisiana. Within three days, Kellogg was back in office due to the arrival of Federal troops. The White League disappeared before they came. More troops arrived within a month to try to tame the Red River Valley.Grant's decision to send troops was probably too late to prevent further consolidation of Democratic power. In the 1876 election, white Redeemer Democrats gained a majority in the state legislature.
[6] His remaining brother-in-law, George King, died in the attack. Although Twitchell survived, his injuries cost him the loss of both his arms.[1] Two years later, when Twitchell returned briefly to Red River Parish, he was shot six times (two in each arm and one in each of his legs), perhaps by a local rival, James G. Marston or by Dick Coleman.His remaining brother-in-law, George King, died in the attack. Although Twitchell survived, his injuries cost him the loss of both his arms.
[10] Another Marston, Abbie Marston (1906-1976), married future Louisiana elections commissioner Another Marston in the area was Democratic state Senator B.W. Marston , who served from 1880-1884 and again from 1908-1909.Another Marston, Abbie Marston (1906-1976), married future Louisiana elections commissioner Douglas Fowler , who served from 1959-1980. Abbie Fowler was the mother of Jerry Marston Fowler , who succeeded his father in the elections commissioner position and served from 1980-2000.
See also [ edit ]
Are liberals finally starting to understand the real enemy – the two party monopoly?
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday, April 1, 2010
When left-wing icon Naomi Wolf warned that America was heading towards fascism under George W. Bush, characterized by illegal surveillance, arbitrary detention of suspects, and paramilitary martial law, she was lauded, but when she continued to issue the same warning as a result of Obama's failure to reverse any of those policies, many on the left abandoned support for her.
However, as Wolf's recent interview with leftist website Alternet makes plain, liberals may finally be starting to understand that both political parties in Washington are part of the problem, not the solution.
Alternet writer Justine Sharrock seems to be struggling to come to terms with the fact that Naomi Wolf's rhetoric now very much echoes that of Alex Jones and many aspects of the Tea Party movement, an uncomfortable quandary for leftist media outlets, many of whom have acted as obedient echo chambers for the corporate media in demonizing grassroots populists as extremists and even domestic terrorists.
“She speaks their language, referring to the Founding Fathers and American Revolution as models, admitting to a profound sense of fear, warning of tyranny, fascism, Nazism and martial law. When Glenn Beck warns of these things we laugh. When Wolf draws those same connections, we listen. How can both sides be speaking the same language, yet see things so differently?” asks Sharrock.
The reason, as Wolf outlines, is the fact that Obama has preserved, institutionalized, and even expanded the very same policies that led to the left comparing George W. Bush to Hitler, a comparison which now, when made with Obama, is taboo, racist and an example of “fringe beliefs” according to the establishment media.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“Bush legalized torture, but Obama is legalizing impunity. He promised to roll stuff back, but he is institutionalizing these things forever. It is terrifying and the left doesn't seem to recognize it,” responds Wolf, adding that making comparisons between Obama and historical dictators should not be off limits when he is following similar tyrannical policies.
“Obama has done things like Hitler did,” states Wolf. “Let me be very careful here. The National Socialists rounded people up and held them without trial, signed legislation that gave torture impunity, and spied on their citizens, just as Obama has. It isn't a question of what has been done that Hitler did. It's what does every dictator do, on the left or the right, that is being done here and now. The real fight isn't left or right but between forces of democracy across the spectrum and the forces of tyranny.”
(ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW)
And that's what the left-wing needs to understand if true freedom is ever going to be restored in America. As Wolf touches upon in the interview, the left is brilliant at going up against the tyranny of the state, but only when a Republican is in office. As soon as a Democrat gets in, liberals suddenly prostrate themselves in obedience and join the chorus in attacking any dissenters as radical-right wing extremists who should have their speech taken away, blissfully ignorant of the fact that those very same laws will then be used to silence their free speech when the oval office rotates back to a Republican once again.
Leftists are so prone to flip-flopping and becoming statists when a Democrat gets in office because they associate their own ego and political power with politicians, a foolish misjudgment in light of the fact that politicians stopped representing anything other than their own crooked interests decades ago. As Wolf emphasizes, “Frankly, liberals are out of the habit of communicating with anyone outside their own in cohort. We have a cultural problem with self-righteousness and elitism….We look down on people we don't agree with. It doesn't serve us well.”
“I was basically saying don't sit around waiting for the two corrupted established parties to restore the Constitution or the Republic. The founding generation was birthed by the rabble of all walks of life that got fed up and did risky things because they were captivated by the breath of liberty. There is a looming oligarchy and it is up to the people to organize a grassroots movement and push back,” states Wolf, outlining why she shares many of the same principles embraced by the Tea Party, while warning that huge chunks of the movement have obviously been hijacked by Republican operatives.
Wolf, who admits that her “cultural heritage is FDR and Medicare and federal government solutions,” now expresses her support for the logic behind the states' rights movement, a grassroots project mainly driven by libertarians and Ron Paul supporters.
“If you think through the analysis, strengthening state rights is a good corrective of the aggregation of an over-reaching federal power. Take California's challenge of the Patriot Act or states like Vermont leading the way with addressing the corruption of the voting system. It's a good example of the Tea Party thinking out of the box on how to address a problem,” states Wolf.
The interview ends with Wolf warning of the fact that concerns about martial law are now more prescient than ever.
“I think we have gone very far down that road. I met Muslim immigrants in Brooklyn who were swept up in 9-11 raids, held in abusive conditions, beaten, denied rights. That's how things started in Germany. Guantanamo was modeled after what Stalin developed for the Gulag. Why are we engaged in psychological denial that it's not a concentration camp? In terms of martial law, my god. Since the book came out they deployed a brigade in the U.S. and suspended the Posse Comitatus Act. There is no question that it's something to take seriously. People have a histrionic view of what martial law will look like.”
This article was posted: Thursday, April 1, 2010 at 5:27 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
When an agreement to finally remove four dams on the Klamath River in Oregon was announced earlier this month, it was largely greeted with broad approval in both Oregon and northern California, where citizens had been frustrated by the refusal of Congress to fund the removals as part of a Klamath Basin water accord that had been negotiated previously.
Everyone, that is, except the conservative and often far-right elements that have embroiled themselves in Klamath water issues since the turn of the century. They appear now to be organizing themselves around the fight to stop the removals from going forward.
Last week, a small gathering of self-described “Patriots” brought protest signs and a petition to the Siskiyou County Court House in Yreka, Calif., claiming that the new agreement was “null and void”.
Many of the speakers and participants argued that the original agreement – which had guaranteed water access to ranchers and farmers while also removing the dams, so that salmon runs could be restored to the upper reaches of the river – should never have been agreed to, and that Congress was right to refuse to fund it. They claimed that federal and state authorities who arranged the dam-removal agreement had no right to do so.
Among the activists promoting the event was Debbie Bacigalupi, a conspiracy theorist with a history of promoting claims that the United Nations is plotting to overthrow American democracy through its “Agenda 21” program.
Bacigalupi has been heavily involved recently in efforts by anti-Indian groups to repeal Native American treaty rights. She gave a speech last summer in Montana on how “Agenda 21” is part of a plot to use Indian water rights as part of a scheme to destroy state governments and federalize everything, including natural resources. She has described Agenda 21 as “communistic history in the remaking … [b]ut in America” and “a demonically inspired dynamic.”
Video of Klamath Dam Removal an 'Agenda 21' Plot, Activist Alleges Conspiracy theories abound in Oregon
In a video interview posted on YouTube, Bacigalupi says:
I think it's a dam scam, as this sign says, and I think that it is an Agenda 21 method on how to control all people. If you remove these dams, destroy them, you are going to hurt ranchers and farmers who provide people with not only food but also livestock byproducts – you're going to hurt economies, recreation that exists on the river. You're gonna hurt this area because when we have catastrophic wildfires, where are they gonna get the water to put these fires out? There's no irrigation, the recreation, the recreation economy, all these benefits of that renewable water, which is why it's called renewable, because we use it over and over again – it's really a tragedy, and it's government-imposed.
The event was also heavily promoted by antigovernment “Patriots” involved in organizing the “State of Jefferson,” a proposed 51st state carved out of northern California and southern Oregon. That movement has become closely associated with Patriot activity in the region (it has its own militia), and a number of its members were participants both in the attempted standoff with federal authorities at the Sugar Pine Mine in Grants Pass, Ore., and at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge takeover this winter.
Julius Peppers won't hang up his cleats.
The veteran pass rusher was unsure if he'd retire following the Green Bay Packers playoff exit. Time has clarified his decision to play a 16th season.
Peppers' agent, Carl Carey, told ESPN the 37-year-old quarterback nightmare has at least one more year left.
"Julius, after taking some time to reflect during the offseason, has decided that he still has the desire and enthusiasm for the game, and his intention is to play a 16th NFL season," Carey said.
Peppers haven't missed a game in almost a decade -- since 2007 -- and compiled 7.5 sacks in 2016, despite getting more rest reps in a rotational role.
The veteran is set to become a free agent this week. Carey told ESPN he's had discussions with the Packers about Peppers returning to Green Bay for a fourth season.
With a veteran like Peppers, a chance at a ring will likely outweigh the financial windfall that comes with free agency. Given Green Bay's continuing need at pass rusher and Peppers' comfort with the organization, a reunion makes sense for both sides.
"He feels great," Carey said. "He's currently working out in Miami, and he's ready to go."
It's easy to find mainstream people who hate the latest Republican effort to kill the Affordable Care Act. Because that's almost everybody.
Doctors, represented by the American Medical Association, are against the Cassidy-Graham bill, which is the third and probably final effort to kill Obamacare this year. The American Cancer Society and just about all other patient advocacy groups are against it. So are insurers, drugmakers and hospitals. The AARP, the influential lobbying group for seniors, strongly opposes it. So do all Democrats everywhere, at least four Republican governors and some other conservatives.
Public approval of the Republican effort to kill Obamacare rests well below 20%, while approval of Obamacare itself has crested 50%. By some measures, the law Republicans want to kill is three times as popular as the law they want to replace it with. Public approval could go even lower as talk-show host Jimmy Kimmel continues his crusade against the Cassidy-Graham approach and other entertainers pile on.
Yet Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and his lieutenants are determined to try for a third time to kill Obamacare — and they might succeed. There will be just one public hearing on Cassidy-Graham before the Senate votes, and the Congressional Budget Office won't even have time to analyze the bill's likely effect on the federal budget and the number of Americans with insurance by then. If there were ever a ramrod piece of legislation that you'd think wouldn't have a prayer, this is it.
Yet, there is a realistic chance the Senate will pass Cassidy-Graham in the coming days. If it does, the House will probably pass it as well, and President Donald Trump has said he'll sign it. So how have we come to a point where Washington might enact legislation the majority of voters say they don't want?
How could such hated legislation pass
Part of the answer may involve campaign money. The conservative Koch Brothers network has promised to donate up to $400 million to favored candidates in 2018, and two of their top agenda items are repealing Obamacare and cutting taxes. Koch-backed groups such as Americans for Prosperity, a super PAC, aren't thrilled with the Cassidy-Graham bill, because they feel it doesn't go far enough. The bill would end most of the ACA's major provisions, and spend billions less on health care overall, probably leading to a big drop in the number of people covered by Medicaid. Many conservatives applaud cutbacks in this sprawling program that mostly benefits the poor.
Charles Koch (L) and David Koch are pictured in this combination photo. REUTERS/Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce/Handout/Carlo Allegri More
Some conservatives feel the Cassidy-Graham bill still includes too much taxpayer funding for health care, which is why they're lukewarm on the bill. But it's probably the last chance to repeal Obamacare for the foreseeable future, because Senate rules change after Sept. 30, requiring 60 votes rather than 51 to pass most legislation. Killing Obamacare has a link to tax cuts, because it would free up some government revenue that could be used to lower tax rates. So for any Republican legislator hoping to fulfill the Koch agenda — and claim a share of the network's campaign money — it all begins with killing Obamacare, no matter what the public thinks.
Republicans are also stuck with a foolish promise they made over and over for the past seven years — to repeal and replace Obamacare, even though there was no plan to replace it with. “They're prisoners of their own promise,” says Jim Kessler, senior vice president at the centrist think tank Third Way. “If you're a Republican, it's better to keep the bad promise you made than reject what everyone knows is wrong.” Kessler, like others, says Republican legislators privately complain about being stuck in such an unpopular position. But the expedient thing to do is fulfill the promise first, then worry about the ramifications later.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has responded with a tone of injured innocence to Team Anna's direct charge accusing him of having “abused his position to give huge pecuniary benefits to private parties” in the allotment of coal blocks between 2004 and 2009.
Singh has offered to withdraw from public life if the allegations made against him are proved. “It is unfortunate,” he said, “that irresponsible allegations relating to irregularities in allocation of coal blocks are being made without confirming facts.”
At the most fundamental level, it is easy to empathise with Singh's sense of aggrievement. He is a man who prides himself on his personal integrity, and even his staunchest critics have testified to his personal probity. Mega scandals may swirl around him, but thus far, none of the corruption charges have adhered themselves to the “teflon Prime Minister” – even though, as happened in the 2G telecom scam, his wilful failure to intervene at critical stages of the policymaking process allowed the scam to be perpetrated.
Yet, in the case relating to the allotment of coal blocks, Singh's sense of anguish – and his staking his personal integrity on the line - is an inadequate response to the nature of the charges against him.
The case is fairly complex, and it didn't help that an initial draft report from the Comptroller and Auditor-General (CAG) perhaps vastly overstated the “loss to the exchequer” arising from such allotment of coal blocks to private parties. The CAG's draft report, which was leaked to The Times of India in March, flagged the loss to the exchequer at a monstrous Rs 10.67 lakh crore – or six times as much as the Rs 1.76 lakh crore loss from the 2G spectrum allocation.
Firstpost had, however, pointed out (here) that the Rs 10.76 lakh crore figure was an optical illusion. “The mere fact that private players may have benefited from the allocation of coal blocks does not amount to a scam if the government decided to do so with its eyes open – and in a fairly transparent manner,” we had noted then.
Even the CAG had, barely a day after that draft report was leaked, noted that on the basis of clarifications issued by the Coal Ministry, it had reason to “change its thinking” on the extent of the loss to the exchequer. “In fact, it is not even our case that the unintended benefit to the allocatee is an equivalent loss to the exchequer,” the CAG noted in a letter to the government. (More on that here.)
Firstpost had also noted (here) - in the context of the Supreme Court's observation on the merits of auction of national resources – that a judgement on whether to opt for an auction process ought to be made in the context of the policy objectives that were sought to be met. There are times when resources are deliberately offered cheap – or even free – to parties because the objective then was to expand the market. The only critical consideration is whether it was done in a fair and transparent manner.
So, to reiterate, the mere fact that coal blocks were allotted to private players at dirt-cheap rates does not in itself amount to a “scam”. It all depends on the policy objectives that were sought to be met – and the transparency of operations. To that extent, the Prime Minister is on a strong wicket.
The critical question – beyond estimations of the “loss to the exchequer” – is whether the allocation of coal blocks was done in a fair and transparent manner and, if not, who benefited from the process, and who facilitated it.
As another Firstpost article had noted (here), citing a BusinessLine report, the coal block allotment process during 2004-09 was handled by a screening committee presided over by the coal secretary, but “all was far from well in this highly subjective selection process.”
What was worse was that the coal block allocation may have been riddled with the same flawed processes as in the 2G spectrum allocation - where (as with Swan Telecom and Unitech) foreign stakeholders were roped in for huge premia in the name of stake dilution even before the licence holders had begun to invest and roll out mobile services.
As the BusinessLine report had noted, in the coal block allotments to, “a host of fly-by-night operators used the process to make easy money. Once allotted a coal asset, they sold their ‘project plan' at a premium. An upcoming private power project in a western Indian location has followed this route. The price of the asset was pocketed by the original beneficiary and the country will now pay a higher price for electricity than envisaged.”
In other words, the fact that a “scam” was perpetrated in the coal allotment is not in dispute – even if the Rs 10.76 lakh crore tag originally affixed to it by the CAG was an overstatement.
But why has it come to haunt Manmohan Singh? Partly because during the period between 2006 and 2009, when the allocations were made at a furious pace in comparison to earlier times, Manmohan Singh personally headed the Coal Ministry – and the Prime Minister's Office played a particularly active role in the shaping of the policy on coal block allotment at that time. (For more details, see the ‘charge-sheet' filed by Team Anna here, and the draft CAG report here.)
And even beyond the controversial coal allocations of those times, even as late as in March this year, the PM or the Prime Minister were in the thick of actions that would directly benefit private power producers at the cost of Coal India, which is 90 percent owned by the government of India. (More on that here.)
Team Anna's ‘charge sheet' alleges that “Dr Singh abused his position to give huge pecuniary benefits to private parties, which is an offence under Section 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act.”
Under Section 13 (d) (iii) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, “a public servant is said to commit the offence of criminal misconduct if he, while holding office as a public servant, obtains for any person any valuable thing or pecuniary advantage without any public interest.”
In other words, under this provision, it isn't necessary for a public servant – in this case, Manmohan Singh – to have personally benefited for his action to be construed as “criminal misconduct”: all that is required is for “any person” to obtain “any valuable thing or pecuniary advantage without any public interest.”
In this case, private parties did reap “undue benefits” – and public interest was ill served - from policy decisions that were taken during the time when Manmohan Singh headed the Coal Ministry and the PMO was actively involved in the coal allocation mechanism process.
Prima facie, all the provisions of the specific section of the Prevention of Corruption Act appear to be well met in this case - which is why Team Anna has sought a thorough independent investigation into the matter to establish the extent of Manmohan Singh's involvement in the actual decision-making.
For Manmohan Singh, therefore, to claim that his personal honour has been slighted by the allegation is an irrelevance. It is not his personal integrity that is being questioned – but whether his actions as a public servant had the result of benefiting private parties at the cost of public interest.
And in that sense, despite all the clarifications that the Coal Ministry has offered (here and here), he and his office have much to answer for in the coal allocation process. The honest way to address Team Anna's very specific charge is to appoint an independent investigation into the allegation.
Injured innocence sure makes for good political theatre, but it is a poor shield against – and a diversion from – the serious and very measured charge that has been levelled against him.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Volkswagen has released photos—and some big promises—of an electric vehicle concept car it plans to unveil at the Paris Motor Show later this month. And while the images don't show much beyond LED headlights reminiscent of the 1960s and 70s-era Lite-Brite toy, the automaker went peddle-to-the-metal with marketing hyperbole by calling the car a “new ambassador to the automotive world,” “one-of-a-kind,” and a signal of “brand's entry into a new era.”
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's daily newsletter about the business of technology.
The concept car is intended to give investors and consumers the first clear indication of what the Volkswagen's planned portfolio of electric cars will look like. Keep in mind, that VW is calling this a “design study,” which means it will have a lot of flashy innovations that probably won't make it into the final product.
The production vehicle to follow this hatchback concept will be the first by Volkswagen to reach the market based on its new modular design for electric cars that the company unveiled last year and could be used on a number of VW models. The first vehicles produced with this so-called MEB design—an acronym for Modular Electric Model—are expected to be in production by the end of 2019.
Volkswagen teases an electric concept car it will unveil at the 2016 Paris Motor Show. Courtesy of Volkswagen
Technically, the company has already introduced an electric vehicle concept. In January, Volkswagen offered up BUDD.e, a microbus concept that was intended to show the world that it was serious about electric vehicles following a diesel emission cheating scandal that forced the German automaker to restructure.
The Volkswagen board made a more substantial move six months later when it adopted a plan that would reshape the company's core automotive business to focus more on electric vehicles and autonomous driving technology, increase profit margins to 7% to 8% from 6% last year, and possibly sell some of its assets. The company plans to introduce more than 30 all-electric vehicles over the next 10 years with a goal of selling two to three million of these EVs in 2025.
Under the company's board-approved plan, VW will also develop battery technology to take advantage of rapid gains in the market volume and sales of electric vehicles.
Constitutional scholar and activist Lawrence Lessig, whose march through New Hampshire to get money out of politics is featured on our broadcast this week , often says that his crusade is the most urgent in America because it impacts virtually every other issue. From achieving tax reform to fighting climate change to strengthening the social safety net, we will see no progress until the wealthy entities that benefit can no longer buy up politicians to prevent the status quo from changing.
“The people who want to stop reform will pay an enormous amount of money to be able to achieve that,” Lessig told us when we met during his march. “…What this system has done is made the politics of dysfunction incredibly profitable.” Some lobbyists, he noted, even advertise their ability to exploit the system and use legislators to “delay and obstruct” progress in Congress.
“We will never get your issue solved until we fix this issue first,” Lessig said in a TED talk last year. “So it's not that mine is the most important issue. It's not. Yours is the most important issue, but mine is the first issue, the issue we have to solve before we get to fix the issues you care about.”
Here are five examples of issues beaten into stasis by a barrage of big money.
Environment
One example Lessig cites — one that motivates many progressives — is climate change.
“If you are a coal company who's against the idea of climate change legislation, this [political system] is a boon for you,” he said, “because it's trivial and cheap to be able to leverage your money, to guarantee nothing ever happens to adjust climate change.”
It's a scenario America has seen play out time and again, most recently in 2009-10, when cap and trade, an idea that originated with the Reagan administration and had Republican support, seemed to have a real chance of working its way through Congress.
But in 2009, thousands of lobbyists representing energy and natural resource extraction companies spent more than they ever had before — over $400 million, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. That record was broken the very next year, when spending reached $450 million.
Is it coincidental that in 2010, cap and trade was declared dead? In proposing climate change legislation that year, Sens. John Kerry (D-MA) and Lindsey Graham (R-SC) refused to even discuss cap and trade as a realistic policy suggestion.
It wasn't until last fall, when President Obama used an executive order to circumvent Congress and cap emissions from coal power plants, that the heaviest polluters faced across-the-board emission restrictions.
A similar story is unfolding right now with the Keystone XL pipeline, a massive project that, once operational, would pump more than 800,000 barrels of crude from Alberta's tar sands to refineries on the US Gulf Coast — every day. It has become a defining issue for both the oil industry and environmental activists.
The pipeline's approval is a decision over which a legacy-conscious Obama has vacillated for five years. Following a year of record spending by the American Petroleum Institute, the largest trade association for the oil and natural gas industry, and in the face of growing frustration from red state Democratic senators, earlier this month, the State Department released an environmental impact statement claiming that the project would have little impact on global climate emissions. That statement brought the project one step closer to approval, but the Obama administration cautioned that it was still weighing the pros and cons. A 30-day comment period has begun, during which environmental advocates will continue to encourage the administration to stand up to the oil industry, an outcry the oil industry can be expected to counter with another wave of money.
Taxes
Tax reform is one key issue that especially inflames conservative activists. And as Lessig pointed out when we spoke, the problem of legislative paralysis knows no political alignment; it stumps would-be reformers on both the right and the left.
“It's incredibly naïve to believe that this Congress will ever simplify the tax system, because the complexities in the tax system are fund-raising opportunities,” he told BillMoyers.com. “Every single special benefit is a reason and a target to raise more money.
“So the special Research & Development Tax Credit which Ronald Reagan created in 1981, and which was originally a temporary provision but has been temporary ever since, is temporary because each time it's about to expire they have a long list of beneficiaries they can go to and say ‘Geez, we need to raise some money to support the idea of extending this temporary tax benefit.'”
In fact, as NPR reported, Congress annually rings in the New Year by letting dozens of tax breaks expire. There immediately follows a healthy round of campaign contributions, as lobbyists for a slew of industries — from overseas financial operators to rum retailers, from movie producers to racetrack operators — scramble to get those tax breaks reinstated.
Food Stamps
The recent farm bill cut food stamps even further than the already severe cuts implemented in 2013. But it preserves a different sort of safety net: subsidies for big agriculture.
According to the Center for Responsive Politics, in both 2008 and 2013, the two most recent years that the farm bill has come before Congress (it's renewed every five years), agribusiness spent more than $145 million on lobbying.
Recipients of food stamps, of course, don't have the same kind of lobbying muscle to advocate on their own behalf. In a Congress pushing austerity, the programs that help the poor continue to hit the chopping block while recipients of corporate welfare can afford a hearty defense to protect their benefits.
In fact, both in 2008 and in 2013, although legislation to roll back agricultural subsidies had bipartisan support, the effort to do so fell apart.
And even though subsidies were “reformed” this year, The New York Times reports that in practice, these reforms mean little.
“It's a classic bait-and-switch proposal to protect farm subsidies,” Vincent H. Smith, an economist at Montana State University, told the Times. “They've eliminated the politically toxic direct payments program and added the money to a program that will provide farmers with even larger subsidies.”
The 2014 farm bill cuts direct payments to farmers, but puts that money into the farm insurance program. Writing in The New Republic, David Dayen explains why this helps big agriculture even more than previous farm bills:
That's because the farm bill will expand subsidies for crop insurance, which looks like a private-sector program but which actually hands over virtually the same amount of taxpayer money to farmers, mostly wealthy ones, as the old direct payment program. What's more, the shift from direct payments to crop insurance ensures that those handouts can be distributed in a hidden, more politically palatable way, making it more difficult to ever dislodge them.
Minimum Wage
The fight over raising the minimum wage is a war of information. Conservative opponents of a proposed increase commission academic studies for use by lobbyists and their front groups. A recent New York Times report illustrates how one of the most prominent think tanks opposing the raise, the Employment Policies Institute, “is run by a public relations firm that also represents the restaurant industry, as part of a tightly coordinated effort to defeat the minimum wage increase that the White House and Democrats in Congress have pushed for.”
Their strategy has proven effective, with business groups and the mainstream media continuing to cite research claiming that a raise in the minimum wage will hurt the economy.
Recently, the hotel industry, a major employer of low-wage workers, announced it will lead the fight to keep wages low. According to the congressional newspaper The Hill, the American Hotel and Lodging Association, a group that includes such major hotel chains as Best Western, Hilton and Hyatt, has plans to “lead the charge to beat back the growing emergence of extreme minimum and living wage initiatives that are proven job-killers and ultimately hurt those who are building successful careers from the entry level.”
Simultaneously, as money continues to pour into Congress to keep a low minimum wage at the federal level, proponents of increasing it are turning to the states and cities, where they are finding some limited success.
Net Neutrality
Last month, a federal appeals court struck down Net neutrality, the principle that Internet service providers cannot give favorable treatment to some content over others (e.g., Verizon could not give a faster connection to their own video streaming service than to Netflix).
Tom Wheeler, the new head of the FCC, has not settled on a permanent fix to settle Net neutrality, but says he will announce one soon.
One very easy way for the FCC to reinstate Net neutrality would be to reclassify the Internet under the Federal Communications Act as a telecommunications service, not an information service, giving the agency broader regulatory powers. But if the FCC does that, lobbyists representing Internet service providers like Comcast and Verizon, and their Republican allies, will put up a huge fight.
Meanwhile, congressional Democrats' recent attempt to use legislation to preserve Net neutrality until the FCC has time to settle on a permanent fix looks likely to die in the House. It is strongly opposed by industry-backed Republicans. For one, Comcast is the second biggest campaign donor to Rep. Greg Walden (R-OR) — and he's chairman of the communications and technology subcommittee. Instead, FCC Chairman Wheeler reportedly is leaning toward not reclassifying the Internet, but promising instead to take rigorous enforcement action against those Internet providers that attempt to use their considerable size and power to monopolize business or abuse consumers.
But Wheeler is a former lobbyist for the companies he's now supposed to regulate. Add to that Comcast's considerable lobbying clout and Washington connections, which soon may be magnified by its proposed merger with Time Warner. There's reason for doubt that Wheeler's plan would be effective.
Metaprogramming sounds like a very fancy word, but is it any good?
It can be useful, but many people don't realize that using metaprogramming has some costs.
Just so we are on the same page…
What is metaprogramming exactly?
I define metaprogramming as using any method that:
Alters the structure of your code (like define_method )
) Runs a string as if it was part of your actual Ruby code (like instance_eval )
) Does something as a reaction to some event (like method_missing )
So what are the costs of metaprogramming? I classify them into 3 groups:
Speed
Readability
Searchability
Note: You could also say that there is a fourth group: Security. The reason for that are the eval methods, which don't make any kind of security checks on what is being passed in. You have to do that yourself.
Let's explore each of those in more detail!
Speed
The first cost is speed because most metaprogramming methods are slower than regular methods.
Here is some benchmarking code:
require 'benchmark/ips' class Thing def method_missing(name, *args) end def normal_method end define_method(:speak) {} end t = Thing.new Benchmark.ips do |x| x.report("normal method") { t.normal_method } x.report("missing method") { t.abc } x.report("defined method") { t.speak } x.compare! end
The results (Ruby 2.2.4) :
normal method: 7344529.4 i/s defined method: 5766584.9 i/s - 1.34x slower missing method: 4777911.7 i/s - 1.54x slower
As you can see both metaprogramming methods ( define_method & method_missing ) are quite a bit slower than the normal method.
Here is something interesting I discovered…
The results above are from Ruby 2.2.4 , but if you run these benchmarks on Ruby 2.3 or Ruby 2.4 it looks like these methods are getting slower!
Ruby 2.4 benchmark results :
normal method: 8252851.6 i/s defined method: 6153202.9 i/s - 1.39x slower missing method: 4557376.3 i/s - 1.87x slower
I ran this benchmark several times to make sure it wasn't a fluke.
But if you pay attention & look at the iterations per second ( i/s ) it seems like regular methods got faster since Ruby 2.3. That's the reason method_missing looks a lot slower 🙂
Readability
Error messages can be less than helpful when using the instance_eval / class_eval methods.
Take a look at the following code:
class Thing class_eval("def self.foo; raise 'something went wrong'; end") end Thing.foo
This will result in the following error:
(eval):1:in 'foo': 'something went wrong...' (RuntimeError)
Notice that we are missing the file name (it says eval instead) & the correct line number. The good news is that there is a fix for this, these eval methods take two extra parameters:
a file name
a line number
Using the built-in constants __FILE__ & __LINE__ as the parameters for class_eval you will get the correct information in the error message.
Example:
class Thing class_eval( "def foo; raise 'something went right'; end", __FILE__, __LINE__ ) end
Why isn't this the default?
I don't know, but it's something to keep in mind if you are going to use these methods 🙂
Searchability
Metaprogramming methods make your code less searchable, less accessible (via worse documentation) & harder to debug.
If you are looking for a method definition you won't be able to do CTRL+F (or whatever shortcut you use) to find a method defined via metaprogramming, especially if the method's name is built at run-time.
The following example defines 3 methods using metaprogramming:
class RubyBlog def create_post_tags types = ['computer_science', 'tools', 'advanced_ruby'] types.each do |type| define_singleton_method(type + "_tag") { puts "This post is about #{type}" } end end end rb = RubyBlog.new rb.create_post_tags rb.computer_science_tag
Tools that generate documentation (like Yard or RDoc ) can't find these methods & list them.
These tools use a technique called “Static Analysis” to find classes & methods. This technique can only find methods that are defined directly (using the def syntax).
Try running yard doc with the last example, you will see that the only method found is create_post_tags .
It looks like this:
There is a way to tell yard to document extra methods, using the @method tag, but that is not always practical.
Example:
class Thing # @method build_report define_method(:build_report) end
Also if you are going to use a tool like grep , ack , or your editor to search for method definitions, it's going to be harder to find metaprogramming methods than regular methods.
“I don't think Sidekiq uses any metaprogramming at all because I find it obscures the code more than it helps 95% of the time.” – Mike Perham, Creator of Sidekiq
Conclusion
Not everything is bad about metaprogramming. It can be useful in the right situations to make your code more flexible.
Just be aware of the extra costs so you can make better decisions.
Don't forget to share this post if you found it useful 🙂
Related
Housing crisis and neglect at root of fatal Oakland fire, one of the deadliest in US history
By David Brown
6 December 2016
As the death toll mounts, the horrific fire that broke out at a dance party in East Oakland, California Friday night is now one of the worst such disasters in the recent history of the United States.
The City of Oakland announced early Monday that the number of bodies recovered from the 86-year-old Fruitvale warehouse called the Ghost Ship had risen to 36. The warehouse was being rented out to artists, and the studios were also used as informal housing by about 20 people.
According to survivors and neighbors, the fire spread quickly through ad hoc wooden rooms, cutting off any escape from the dilapidated building that lacked basic fire safety measures. Many were almost immediately trapped on the second floor, where a concert was being held, without any means of escape.
Recovery efforts were delayed Monday when one of the building's walls threatened to collapse on firefighters. About 75 percent of the structure has been searched, but the Alameda County Sheriff told the Associated Press that he did not expect to find any more bodies.
Thirty-three of the victims have so far been identified. Many were in their 20s and 30s, but the youngest so far was 17. Three foreign nationals were identified, from Finland, South Korea and Guatemala.
According to one tally by “NBC News,” the Ghost Ship fire is the seventh-deadliest building fire in the past 50 years, a list that includes the attack on the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001 and the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995. It is the deadliest building fire in the US since a night club in Rhode Island burned down in 2003, killing 100 people.
While the precise causes remain to be determined, indications are that the tragedy was facilitated by city officials who ignored unsafe conditions, a landlord who neglected basic safety measures and a housing crisis driving people to seek cheap rent in unsafe conditions.
There was no shortage of dangerous flash points in the structure. Shelley Mack, a former tenant who lived in the warehouse for five months, told reporters that the building had no sprinklers or fire alarms and that it regularly went without utilities. Tenants used gas generators or propane stoves to heat their water, and stayed warm in the winter with space heaters. Wires crisscrossed the uninspected wooden partitions that turned the first floor into a maze of studios.
A neighbor, Danielle Boudreaux, described to the Washington Post the precarious makeshift stairs to the second floor where shows were held to help pay rent: “It only took two people on it at a time. .. when you stepped on it, it wobbled, and there were ropes holding it up. If you had three people on that it was falling down.” Once the fire started, she said, “there was no way you were getting out of that building.”
Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley spoke to reporters Monday afternoon, announcing that the fire was a “potential crime scene” and that her office would investigate whether there was any criminal liability. She said that it was too early to specify who might be implicated, but that charges could range from involuntary manslaughter to murder. Any serious investigation, however, would immediately turn to the city itself.
The unsafe conditions, as well as the warehouse's role as an unlicensed apartment and music venue, were an open secret to the landlord and city officials. The Tumblr page for the Ghost Ship contains numerous advertisements for musical performances. Over the past two years, the city has received numerous complaints, including three this year, regarding construction without a permit and unsafe conditions.
Twice in 2014 and twice in 2016, building inspectors were sent to the warehouse in response to complaints. However, no action was taken to improve the safety of the building. The Oakland Police Department records also show officers responding to reports of a stolen phone at a 2014 New Year's Party where they “canvassed the area and building.”
In 2007, Alameda County placed a lien on the property, owned by Chor Ng since 1988, for “substandard, hazardous or injurious conditions.” According to public records, Ng has four other properties that have been cited for blight in Oakland.
The conditions found in the Ghost Ship warehouse are far from unique and are well known by the city. Noel Gallo, a city councilor from the Fruitvale district, told CBS, “The reality is, there are many facilities being occupied without permits.” He estimated that there are about 200 warehouses “that have no papers, no permit, no fire code, nothing.”
The negligence of landlords and city officials is complemented by the broader housing crisis that drives poor people to seek out informal housing for cheap rent.
“What this tragedy really brings home is displacement and other impacts of gentrification: the high cost of housing and the lack of affordable housing,” Anyka Barber, co-founder of the Oakland Creative Neighborhoods Coalition, told the Wall Street Journal.
Rents have skyrocketed across the Bay Area in recent years. Oakland, which was once a haven for people avoiding San Francisco's rent, is now the fourth most expensive city for renting in the United States.
The median cost of an available rental in Oakland in September 2016 was $3,000 a month, according to Zillow. This is up 71 percent from January 2013, when it was just $1,757. Median income for renters in Oakland remains just $3,000 a month, making most apartments wildly unaffordable to perspective tenants.
The Bay Area is riven with social inequality. While workers in San Francisco and Oakland can barely afford rent, massive new luxury apartments are under construction in the Rockridge and SoMa districts. Across the Bay from the Fruitvale district where the warehouse burned down is the home of Larry Ellison, who has a personal net worth of $51.6 billion.
The current spike in property prices is part of a broader economic bubble driven by financial speculation after the 2008 crash. In 2001, 41 percent of US renters spent 30 percent or more of their income on housing. By 2014, this rose to 49 percent, with 26 percent of renters spending more than 50 percent of their income on housing.
A UBS report in 2015 drew a direct connection between the amount of cheap credit central banks, led by the US Federal Reserve and the Obama administration, were pouring into the financial market and exploding rental costs. The authors wrote, “Loose monetary policy has prevented a normalization of housing markets and encouraged local bubble risks to grow.”
The Oakland Ghost Ship fire is a horrific tragedy, but one with definite roots in the reality of American capitalism.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Last week I was alerted by Vapor Joe to an awesome deal from Nirvana Vapor. So I picked up 2 x 5 piece sample packs and can now review nearly all of their flavors. The first lucky juice to get reviewed is Pali Pumpkin.
Probably appropriate as Halloween is rapidly approaching, Pali Pumpkin is the first pumpkin flavored vape I have ever seen offered – not that I was particularly looking hard for them, but a nice surprise and something a little out of the ordinary.
I was pretty excited to give this juice a try. It has a nice light orange appearance in the bottle, and the juice doesn't carry any particularly noticeable aroma.
Here's what Nirvana says about Pali Pumpkin
Pali Pumpkin is a delightful concoction of spicy pumpkin and squash, hints of graham, mixed with a sweet cream. Some compare it to a pumpkin cheesecake. This aromatic blend is sure to keep you coming back for more! Indulge yourself!
I fired up just shy of 2ml of Pali in a custom coiled TS3 ready to give it a shot. My first impression was that it was not quite what I was expecting. I guess I was expecting something more along the lines of pumpkin pie – even though it really doesn't say that in the description. Pumpkin pie this is not.
It is very sweet and candy like. On the inhale I get a very candy-like, almost melon flavor, not so much what I would really consider pumpkin. It is enveloped in a rich sweet cream flavor just as the description states. On the exhalation, I get the graham cracker, more cream and a little more “pumpkin”.
The throat hit and vapor production are both quite good, better than my expectations. I always brace for the worst when trying out a new vendor and I was pleasantly surprised by this one.
Bottom Line
It's not a bad juice. Definitely worth trying out in a sample size. I really appreciate the fact that they tried to tackle pumpkin flavor in a creative way, and you can definitely taste the quality of their juice. No nasty aftertaste or artificial taste whatsoever and an admirable throat hit and vapor production.
I poured up almost 2ml of Pali and have vaped through the entire 2ml. By the end, I was starting to feel like I was ready to switch to something else. The overall flavor is good, but very sweet and for me, something that would be difficult to use for an extended period of time. For a nice change of pace, though, it does have some merit. The main drawbacks I feel are the sweetness, and the real lack of any prominent pumpkin flavor. I really felt the flavor was a lot more candy-like and had melon tones – it kind of reminded me of a flavor from my childhood – probably some kind of gummy candy or sweet drink – but I just couldn't quite put my finger on it. I will update if I ever think of it.
Overall, I don't regret giving it a try. I think it is a decent flavor and lovers of sweets would probably really appreciate this one. I probably wouldn't buy again and I don't know if I will vape the rest of my bottle or not. Get a sample first. You might be pleasantly surprised.
Check it out a www.nirvanavapor.com.
Cotton-bunch clouds find their reflection in the 300 windows that scale the cream-colored brick facade of the Victorian Gothic factory as it towers over North 10th Street. The street is so quiet on a Friday morning, I swear I can almost hear the hum of a turn-of-the-century working brewery behind those brick walls– the bubbling of the copper kettles and the chatter of brewers at work. Sadly, beer hasn't been brewed on these grounds in over 20 years. But from 1905 to 1996, that bustling hum could be heard across the dozen brewing buildings on the Pabst property.
Pabst Brewing Company has its earliest roots in Best and Company brewery, established in 1844 by Jacob Best, Sr. and his four sons, Jacob, Jr., Charles, Phillip and Lorenz. In 1850, Charles and Lorenz left to open their own brewery, which would later become Miller Brewing Company. (Talented family, huh?) Phillip Best's son-in-law, Frederick Pabst, bought into the business in 1864 and became the sole owner in 1888, and the brewery was renamed “Pabst Brewing Company” a year later.
Somewhere in between Frederick taking ownership of Best's brewery and the advent of Pabst, the shiny new brewery at 1215 North 10th Street was completed (1882, to be exact). Fun fact: the same year the building was erected, Best brewing began tying a blue silk ribbon around each bottle of their “Best Select” beer to represent all of the US and international awards they'd earned. The nickname “blue ribbon” became official in 1898, though the practice of tying the ribbons on the bottles ended in 1950.
Pabst became the nation's largest in 1899 through the first half of the 20th century. The brewery was one of the first to welcome visitors for tours in 1907.
Except for a stint aging cheese in its cellars during prohibition, Best and then Pabst brewed the bubbly stuff at 1215 North 10th Street until the brewery suddenly shut down in 1996 under a new owner. The Cream City-brick building sat empty and abandoned for ten years.
In 2006, its savior– local real estate developer and philanthropist named Joseph A. Zilber– purchased 1215 and all of the surrounding Pabst buildings with the grand vision of creating a charming and sustainable new neighborhood known as “The Brewery.” He purchased the entire neighborhood, made it a historical landmark, and sold off the buildings to trusted developers.
Gary Gorman and Gorman and Company, a developer specializing in adaptive reuse and historic properties, took on the project of creating a funky, luxurious boutique hotel at 1215, and Brewhouse Inn & Suites was completed in spring of 2013.
Gorman & Co. did an outstanding job with the renovation, expertly preserving some of the unique historic details of the brewery. The first brewhouse element that stands out as you enter the hotel lobby are the exposed copper kettles in the lobby. The bottom has been sliced off to reveal the inside of the still to hotel-goers as they enter.
What was originally the Pabst employee break room is now the breakfast nook for hotel guests. Gorman & Co. used reclaimed wood from the brewery to create sturdy, history-rich breakfast tables. In the building's brewery days, the room was filled with free-flowing taps 24 hours a day. The room was called “the Blue Room” for the police officers who often stopped by for a beer after their shifts, and it's still called “the Blue Room” today.
Beams from the building's original atrium were used to make a stunning sign handpainted by a local artist. The sign provides a focal point for the lobby along with the front desk, decorated with 1500 beer bottles. Original wooden archways beckon visitors into the heart of the hotel.
The sun-drenched atrium is lined with original wrought iron beams that surround the sparkling copper kettles. The developers knew they wanted to keep the kettles, so they used them as inspiration for the subtle but effective steampunk theme of the inn's decor. Furniture was custom made by a local artisan, but the lovely spiral staircase in the atrium is an original.
Fun Fact: Phillip Best worked with a local coppersmith to design the first copper brew kettle. The coppersmith, AJ Langworthy, received a lifetime of free beer in return.
A two-story stained glass window also sparkles in the atrium. It dipicts King Gambrinus, the “patron saint” of beer and was commissioned by Frederick Pabst himself.
The extended-stay hotel offers kitchenettes in each of its 90 rooms, and the rooms vary in size and amenities, from standard rooms to lofts and suites. The suites feature oyster shucking tables as an added luxury, and many rooms feature original wooden beams.
The nearby First German Methodist Church can be seen from the rooftop deck of the hotel. Rumor has it that Pabst beer was once pumped right into the church for the famous Wisconsin Friday Fish Fries. A Pabst microbrewery serving old Pabst recipes and gastropub cuisine is scheduled to open in 2017.
A building across the street awaits redevelopment and will soon become apartments. Another building in the neighborhood is used as an education and student housing complex. The original 1880 Best Brewery headquarters adjacent to the inn serves as a beer tasting room and event space and offers historical tours that feature a visit to Captain Pabst's fully restored office and the old infirmary-turned-speakeasy.
Be sure to stop by Jackson's Blue Ribbon Pub for a PBR during your visit, a bar and restaurant housed in the brewery's old carriage house!
***
When you hear the word “Wisconsin,” or “Milwaukee,” your mouth likely begins to water for an ice-cold brew– maybe even a Pabst Brew Ribbon. The city and state have become synonymous with the bubbly beverage, and Wisconsinites have German-American immigrants Jacob Best and Frederick Pabst. Brewhouse Inn & Suites has done a magnificent job of breathing new life into this piece of Milwaukee history, and Jacob and Frederick would be proud of this beautiful inn where their legacy lives on.
Watch a video about hotel's renovations here.
Suggestions for more hipstorical places in Milwaukee? Email me and help me build my archives!
The following is an article from Uncle John's Slightly Irregular Bathroom Reade r.From the "Dustbin of History" files, here's the pungent tale of two midwest states whose pride and honor were once challenged...by a slab of stinky cheese.It began in the winter of 1935 when a doctor in Independence, Iowa, prescribed an odd medicine to an ailing farm wife: Limburger cheese. The doctor figured the heavily aromatic cheese would help clear the woman's clogged sinuses. (If you don't know what Limburger smells like, give it a whiff the next time you're at the supermarket.) So the order was put through to Monroe, Wisconsin, to send some Limburger cheese-post haste.Why Monroe? Swiss cheesemakers first arrived there in 1845. At the time, Wisconsin was in the depths of an economic depression and cheese helped pull them out of it.By 1910, Wisconsin had become the cheese-making capital of the United States, producing more cheese than any other state. And Monroe was the Limburger capital of Wisconsin.Monroe's postmaster, John Burkhard, approved the delivery and sent it on its way. But the mail carrier in Independence, Iowa, who delivered the Limburger was so offended by the stench wafting through his roadster that he refused to deliver it. Citing a postal rule that said mail would only be delivered if it "did not smell objectionable," Independence's postmaster, Warren Miller, concurred without examining or even smelling the cheese. He had it sent back to Monroe on the grounds that it could "fell an ox twenty paces."Burkhard took it personally; to insult Limburger is to insult not just Monroe, but all of Wisconsin and its proud cheese heritage. So Burkhard rewrapped the package and sent it back to Iowa. Miller promptly returned it to Wisconsin. War was brewing.Burkhard took his gripe all the way to the United States Postmaster General in Washington, D.C. At first, he couldn't understand what all the fuss was about. So Burkhard sent him some Limburger. The Postmaster general then decided that, yes, the cheese smelled bad, but no, it wasn't hazardous. And the war was over, right? Wrong.By this time the press had sniffed out the story. At a time when the nation was mired in the Great Depression and Hitler was rising to power in Germany, a story about smelly cheese was a breath of fresh air. And unwilling to give in, postmaster Burkhard challenged postmaster Miller to a "cheese-smelling duel"-if Miller could sit at a table and not wretch from the stench of freshly-cut Limburger, then he would never again raise a stink about Wisconsin and its cheese. Miller accepted. Dozens of people from each town-as well as a throng of reporters-showed up at the Julien Hotel in Dubuque, Iowa, on the cold afternoon of March 8, 1935, to witness the standoff.The two sat across from each other at a table. While flashbulbs flickered and onlookers whispered, Burkhard placed a box on the table, unwrapped it, and produced a very strong sample of his state's pride and joy, praising not only its medicinal qualities, but boasting that nothing on Earth tasted better with beer. The tension was so thick that you could cut it with a knife. Famed Milwaukee Journal reporter Richard S. Davis sent out a dispatch, calling it a "duel to the breath."As Burkhard prepared to push the slab of cheese over to Miller, he offered Miller a clothespin and a gas mask. But Miller just shook his head and meekly surrendered. "I won't need that clothespin," he lamented, "I haven't any sense of smell."The crowd gasped. The battle was over before it began. Burkhard was immediately declared the winner, and Miller had to agree to allow any and all Wisconsin cheese safe passage through Iowa's postal routes. The next day newspapers in 30 states ran a picture of the olfactorily-challenged Miller looking bewildered next to a piece of steaming Limburger. And now the war was over, right? Wrong. The final battle was yet to come.While Burkhard was basking in victory, something he'd said about Limburger at that table in Dubuque-that nothing tasted better with beer-was churning through Miller's head. Every good Iowan knew that the best food to eat with beer was smoked whitefish, not some stinky piece of cheese. Miller just couldn't let it go. So he challenged Burkhard with another contest: a fight for the title of "Best Snack in the World." Once again the press got whiff of the food feud, and they convened at the neutral site chosen for the contest: the American Legion Hall in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin.This confrontation was even more serious than the first-now there were judges. And with so much at stake, both sides used underhanded tactics; they bribed the judges with beer. The fish-heads bought a round, then the cheese-heads. And once all palates were properly whetted, the showdown began.First came the sliced Limburger with beer. Then the Iowans gave the judges smoked whitefish...and more beer. The battle raged on: Limburger and beer, whitefish and beer. Limburger and beer, whitefish and beer. Finally, when the judges could eat or drink no more, they sent the least-inebriated member of their panel to the podium: "The judgeth have reached a dethision. It was unamus... unans... they all said the same darn thing! Cheese'n beer s'wunnerful. Fishes'n beer s'wunnerful, too. But when you have Limburger cheese and smoked whitefish and beer, heck, it doesn't get any better than that!"Both sides were declared victorious, Burkhard and Miller retained their respective states' honor, and Limburger cheese had risen from being referred to as "hazardous material" to holding the co-title of "Best Snack in the World."
That October, Monroe, Wisconsin, held its annual Cheese Day parade. All the press coverage from the Limburger cheese war made it the biggest Cheese Day ever. Fifty thousand people showed up to bask in the glory-including the farmer's wife (who had healed quite nicely). Warren Miller came all the way from Iowa and was given a place of honor in the parade-right next to his friend John Burkhard.
_____________________________
The article above is reprinted with permission from Uncle John's Slightly Irregular Bathroom Reader , a fantastic book by the Bathroom Readers' Institute.The 17th book in this the Bathroom Reader series is filled to the brim with facts, fun, and fascination, including articles about the Origin of Kung Fu, How to Kill a Zombie, Women in Space and more!Since 1988, the Bathroom Reader Institute had published a series of popular books containing irresistible bits of trivia and obscure yet fascinating facts If you like Neatorama, you'll love the Bathroom Reader Institute's books - go ahead and check 'em out!
For years, I have been hearing that motherhood would give me a greater understanding of my own mother. The comments always come from women who mean well. They come from women who had moms who baked them good luck brownies and helped them plan their weddings.
They aren't women like me. They didn't have a mom like mine. Because now that I'm a mother, I find my own even more confusing. And the more confused I am, the more I worry.
How am I going to be a good mom to my daughter if I don't know what it's like to be the daughter of a good mom?
I'm sure there were happy moments in my childhood. There are photos of them. Toddler me surrounded by other toddlers at birthday parties. Toddler me in a bathing suit surrounded by cousins. Toddler me with my Christmas presents.
More from The Stir: 20 Qualities of a Good Mom
But the memories have faded, clouded over by the others. Flinching when my mother walked by, fearing there might be a wooden spoon in her twitching hand, ready to whack out at my bottom for some imagined wrong. Having the phone book thrust in my hand with the order to find an adoption agency who would take me "off her hands." Being pulled out of bed in the middle of the night to make her coffee or wash her dishes.
Hearing her refer to the size of my rear end as "two axe handles wide."
The last time she hit me.
We weren't a "let's go shopping today, honey" kind of mother and daughter. We didn't do each other's nails. We never played Barbies.
Sometimes she hit. She always yelled. And I shut down. I ate myself bigger and puked myself smaller and tried to draw as little attention to myself as I could until I escaped.
And oh did I escape. I grew up, and I found a man who loved me, and we got married, and I got pregnant.
During my pregnancy, I got radio silence from my mother. She refused to talk to me. She ignored the invitation to my baby shower. She declined the invitation to meet her granddaughter in the hospital.
In the years since, our relationship has been as it was when I was a child -- minus the hitting. She sticks to emotional abuse these days, and I to shutting down and drawing as little attention to myself as possible. At times we go for long periods without speaking, her way of punishing me for slights real and imagined now that she cannot wield that wooden spoon.
I have come to realize that my mother does not know how to love me, but I wouldn't call that "understanding my mother." I don't understand her.
Not as a mother who loves her daughter fiercely and with everything inside of her. Thoughts of my daughter one day wanting to disappear, wanting to escape, wake me up at night. Gasping for breath, I run to her room to reassure myself that she is still there, that I have not chased her away, that I have not destroyed the chance I have been given by the universe to get this right.
I know I have the chance to do for my daughter what my mother did not do for me. The only trouble is, I'm not quite sure how to do it.
So I do the only thing I do know is right. I do the very opposite of what my mother did with me. I love my daughter.
Was your mom the kind of mom you don't want to be? How are you managing?
It's Friday night and I settle into a plush seat next to Aaron, a gorgeous, funny brunette who I've known since college. We're sharing both the armrest and the popcorn between us. Anyone in the row behind us, witnessing our whispered inside jokes and laughter throughout the previews, could mistake us for a couple. But we're not. Every time we go out together, we correct one wrong assumption after another, repeatedly telling people: We're just friends.
The movie we're there to watch is Olivia Wilde's most recent passion project, Drinking Buddies, a modern-day When Harry Met Sally with a lot more booze and a lot less happily ever after. The film follows the tides in a friendship between Kate (Olivia Wilde) and Luke (Jake Johnson), co-workers in a Chicago brewery, while not-so-subtly hinting at an undercurrent of chemistry and a bit of verboten desire. Does their flirtation cross boundaries; will it be repairable? Also, what are these characters getting from their friendship if not romance, or a promise of future love and commitment?
Aaron and I leave the theater arguing our points -- not whether men and women can simply be friends, but why exactly they should be. I gravitated toward the opposite sex early on, when, at the age of 5, I pledged allegiance to my brothers' posse by publicly decapitating my Barbie Dolls. I'd surrounded myself with gross, sticky, amphibian-mutilating boys and loved every second of it. With them, everything was an adventure. In the morning, I'd be king of the hill, the neighborhood kids my slaves and by late afternoon, I'd be a burglar getting away with loot (carefully returning the contents of my mother's jewelry box before she came home). I'd watch girls on the other side of the playground and wonder just how long exactly they planned on pretending to drink their make-believe tea. Didn't they ever want to dress up as a half-man, half-reptile with superpowers, rather than a princess, waiting around for frogs?
My choice in friendship gender preference carried on through all twelve years of grade school, when the only females to sign my yearbook were my English teacher and the lunch lady. Still, in college, I joined a sorority. Curiosity of my own kind had peaked and I hoped to have some bridesmaids if I ever decided to marry. Suddenly, I found myself surrounded by more estrogen than I could tolerate for more than a few hours at a time. There were tears, drama and vicious three-way-calling that both shocked and disgusted me. But then there was also a beautiful vulnerability and honest conversations and candid questions that we all worked together to find answers to. By the time I graduated and moved to New York, men still maintained the top spots on my speed dial, with the exception of a few amazing women I let in along the way.
There is no doubt that female friendships hold hefty value in my life, but friendships with women exhaust me in a way that male friendships never have. They simply offer different things. Not to say that male-female friendships lack complication; that would be silly and untrue. I once lost a close friendship because I confused chivalry for romance and honesty for intimacy. And there have been a couple of instances when a night of drinking led to a platonic pal's confession of one-sided love, until he sobered up and remembered that I am a often a nightmare in relationships (as most people are). Over brunch, we laugh at the thought of a romance between us, split the check down to the penny and returned to our casual camaraderie. Friends know too many secrets and that knowledge limits the sexual chemistry to that of a houseplant.
Like Olivia Wilde and Jake Johnson, I agree that when you build a friendship that works seamlessly, no romantic relationship can hold a candle to it. Men and women can and should be friends with benefits... but not the ones you might be thinking of. Here's what the men in my life have given me:
1. Successful Matchmaker: Who someone matches you up with says a lot about what they think of you. Clearly, my lady friends think that I like shorter men who live with their parents, are part of some fantasy sports team and like to eat in diners. Only on rare occasions have I been set-up by guy friends and each time was a raging success. Why? Because my date was brutally briefed on what I'm really like: she has a great sense of humor but its dark, like really dark, and she is annoyingly independent, so don't offer to pay, but open her car door because she still thinks chivalry is a thing. Oh, and when a guy says his friend is good looking, he is.
2. Honest Cheerleader: When I see my girlfriends, I will be greeted with a compliment. My shoes, my hair, my interesting choice in a neon rainbow manicure -- it will be loved by someone at girls' night, but do they really like it or are women in the habit of being nice? You know who doesn't compliment just to compliment? Men. Getting a kind word out of them is like pulling teeth from a shark. I'm certain that when a guy friend says that I look like I've lost weight, I know they are saying it because it's true... not because they feel bad that I started Aqua Cycling a month ago and am still waiting to see results.
Base Game: This file is approximately 40GB, and is available for pre-load now.
Patches 1.0.0.1 – 1.0.0.3: These files are approximately 15GB, and are available for pre-load now.
Base Game: This file is approximately 40GB, and is available for pre-load now.
Patches 01.01 – 01.03: These files are approximately 15GB, and are available for pre-load now.
The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited is now available for pre-load on Xbox One and PS4 to those who pre-ordered the game. In this post, you will also find additional details about pre-launch patches, and game code delivery timing for The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited with account copy.If you pre-ordered a digital copy of The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited for Xbox One and/or PS4, you may begin pre-loading the game now. We encourage you to pre-load early so you can jump right into Tamriel when the game launches at midnight, local time.Below are links to the steps you need to get your pre-load set up on Xbox One and PS4:If you purchased The Elder Scrolls® Online: Tamriel Unlimited™ with account copy for Xbox One and/or PS4, you will receive an email on Monday, June 8th when your game code is available. Once you have your game code, you will need to redeem it in the corresponding Xbox One or PS4 account system.Please keep an eye on your email inbox on June 8th!Below is a short explanation of what you will need to download if you purchased a digital copy of ESOTU and pre-load the game.Please let us know if you have any questions about the contents of this post—we'll do our best to provide answers. We look forward to seeing everyone in Tamriel on June 9th!
Game of Thrones has been ruling the TV industry and people just can't seem to get enough of it. Right from its season 1, almost all the characters have undergone a massive change; be it their appearances or behaviour.
Playing to those tunes, a talented digital artist Prasad Bhat has a page named Graphicurry and he made animated GIFs of the characters depicting their before and after images. He made a GIF of the important characters of the show, and it was completely outstanding.
Let's have a look at that:
1. Hodor
2. Tyrion Lannister
3. Cersei Lannister
4. Jamie Lannister
5. Arya Stark
6. Jon Snow
7. Daenerys Targaryen
8. Joffrey Baratheon
9. Catelyn Stark
10. Ned Stark
You can see the entire Game of Thrones characters' GIF here:
Not only that, the talented artist has made incredible GIFs of actors where their entire career is summed up in just one GIF.
Have a look at these awesome GIFs:
1. Johnny Depp
2. Leonardo Dicaprio
3. Tom Hanks
4. Jim Carrey
Oozing out creativity, isn't it?
Kudos to the talented artist!
H/T: Bored Panda
From Senator Inhofe's office, more on the story about the melting street lamps in Oklahoma and follow-up press release:
===========================================================
Yesterday Inhofe revealed that a dumpster fire, not global warming, was the reason for streetlight lamps to melt in Oklahoma city, yet Yahoo has failed to correct the story. The headline remains: Oklahoma is so hot that street lamps are melting http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/technology-blog/oklahoma-hot-street-lamps-melting-203656312.html
Who wrote the story? Fox Van Allen – described on his Twitter account as: “LA-based freelance writer for Tecca and WoW Insider. Yahoo!, MSNBC, and USA Today syndicated. Editor and all-around creative. Egotistical monster. Gaymer.”
We have asked Fox Van Allen to correct the story on Twitter. His response? Via Twitter:
“OH MY GOD YOU GUYS I PISSED SENATOR JIM INHOFE OFF this is turning out to be an amazing day”
Matt Dempsey Communications Director Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Inhofe Staff matt_dempsey@epw.senate.gov =============================================================== Get a load of this, from Fox Van Allen‘s website. http://foxvanallen.com/ Writer. Editor. Perfectionist. his FAQs section says a lot about him: http://foxvanallen.com/faq/
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
On January 23, 1974, people reported hearing a huge bang, felt earth tremors and saw a brilliant light in the sky above the Berwyn Mountains. Families in the villages of Llandderfel and Llandrillo were settling down to watch TV when an explosion was heard and the ground shook. It measured 3.5 on the Richter scale. As people ran from their homes fearing another tremor, they saw a blaze of light on the mountainside.
A nurse who believed an aircraft had crashed drove to the site and saw a pulsating orange and red glow on the hillside and other lights.
Police converged on the area and emergency services were put on standby. Although searches were undertaken, officially nothing was found – leading to claims of a cover-up.
In the four decades since there has been a huge debate as to what exactly happened that night, with TV documentaries made and books written on the subject.
Some researchers have claimed a UFO crashed, with further claims “bodies” were retrieved and taken away by soldiers. Other theories suggest it was a meteor shower combined with an earthquake – the epicentre of which was at Bala Lake – and the misperception of poachers on the hillside carrying lamps.
Over the years more information has surfaced which has added to the enigma. In 2008 the Daily Post acquired official documents showing how Gwynedd Police were bombarded with calls and eye witness accounts of the strange event, with some convinced they had seen a UFO. They gave a fascinating insight into what was going on that night.
Gwynedd Police Constabulary Major Incident Log – explosion – 21.10pm PC receiving 999 calls of UFO.
A witness who saw an object on the hillside said in a statement: “Saw bright red light, like coal fire red. Large perfect circle. Like a big bonfire. Could see lights above and to the right and white lights moving to bottom. Light changed colour to yellowish white and back again.”
A message in a police log said: “There's been a large explosion in the area and there is a large fire in the mountainside. I can see the fire where I am.”
Telex message to chief constable Gwynedd constabulary. 22.00pm approx 23/1/74: Saw bright green lights, object with tail – travelling west. Saw about Bangor direction – dropped down.
At approx 10pm on 23/1/74: Saw a circular light in the sky at an estimated height of 1,500 feet. This object exploded and pieces fell to the ground. Mr ...... estimates the pieces would have fallen into the sea between Rhyl and Liverpool.
In 2010 key witness, retired nurse Pat Evans, insisted she saw something strange on the mountainside. At the time she said: “It (the object) couldn't have got there any other way apart from being flown there, so it had to be a UFO of some sort. I'm talking about something that could only have got there by flying and landing.”
Ms Evans, who was living in Llandderfel, near Bala, added: “We just saw this huge ball glowing and pulsating on the mountain. Some lights seemed to be scattered around it and I just wish we'd stayed to see what the end result was – whether it would just disappear or fly away.
“We didn't see anybody on the road even though there were various reports that we were told to go away by armed police and military etc, which was all totally untrue.
“We'd heard an almighty bang and we live at the foot of the mountain. I thought it might have been a plane crash. Me being a nurse and my girls being in St John (Ambulance), I thought we could help.”
She told how the object glowed orange, red and yellow and was “moon like, but without windows or doors”. Mrs Evans added: “I've never seen anything like it before or since. I have no idea what it was.”
A document from the Maritime and Coastguard Agency revealed a military operation, codenamed Photoflash, was scheduled for that evening. It involved about 10 military aircraft and a series of powerful flashes across the North Wales coast and Liverpool Bay.
The MCA letter said: “During the late afternoon and early evening of 23rd January 1974 there was an exercise from Jerby Range on the Isle of Man. The exercise was called ‘Photoflash' and coastguards were advised to expect at least 10 aircraft taking part and at least 80 flashes around the Liverpool Bay area and the North Wales coastline.”
There was no more information from official sources on that specific exercise and if it was connected to Berwyn. A spokesman at the RAF Museum Research Department suggested photoflash operations were used for training exercises to illuminate the ground below.
But the mystery still remains. Researcher Russ Kellett still believes the answer is out there: “I have been researching this for years and I am convinced there was more than one UFO involved that night,” he said. “All the evidence that we have uncovered over the years has consistently pointed that way.”
The Dutch anti-piracy outfit BREIN is going after two anonymous Usenet uploaders, who shared more than 2,000 books in total. The group requested the personal details of the users from their providers, but they refused to hand them over citing privacy concerns. As a result, BREIN is now taking the matter to court.
Dutch anti-piracy group BREIN has targeted the operators of pirate sites for more than a decade, but more recently it began going after uploaders as well.
Over the past several months the group has tracked down several prolific uploaders and has now announced intentions to take these efforts a step further.
While many efforts have focused on BitTorrent uploaders, BREIN is also keeping a close eye on other sharing platforms. This includes Usenet, which despite staying out of the piracy headlines, remains relatively popular.
Representing several large book publishers, the anti-piracy group is going after two anonymous Usenet users, who allegedly uploaded more than 2,000 books to newsgroups.
BREIN has already contacted their Usenet providers, Eweka and Usenetter, who in response cancelled the accounts in question.
However, they refused to hand over any personal details. According to the providers, they are no longer allowed to share personal data under the e-Privacy regulation if an account is disconnected.
BREIN contests this and is now taking the matter to court. According to the group this case isn't about regular data retention policies, instead, it's a unique situation where the enforcement rights of the publishers should outweigh privacy concerns.
A local court will now review both positions. The court has already stated that it will review the circumstances under which BREIN requested the data, when the users' accounts were still active.
If BREIN succeeds then the group has an extra tool in their arsenal, making it easier to expose prolific uploaders. This could also spell trouble for BitTorrent uploaders, as BREIN could try to request personal information from their ISPs.
BREIN director Tim Kuik informed TorrentFreak that they are hoping to recover damages from the uploaders, as well as information on other large scale infringers.
“Our primary interest is to stop the infringements, furthermore to settle costs and damages or to sue for those on behalf of the injured right holders. Possibly the infringers may have information on other persons involved,” Kuik says.
According to Kuik, BREIN has a good chance of a successful outcome. Under Dutch jurisprudence, ISPs can be obliged to hand over personal information of customers if the infringing activity is plausible and the aggrieved party has a legitimate interest.
This isn't the first time BREIN has gone after serial e-book infringers. Last year, a Dutch court ordered Google to hand over the personal details of a user that sold pirated books in the Play Store. In that case the court concluded that the rights of copyright holders outweigh the user's rights.
As we witness the rise of populist-nationalist reformers all around the world, there is much confusion about what this nationalism actually means. I get the impression that many think they are going back to the nationalism of an earlier time, but there is no resurrecting the past.
What we have called nationalism is the philosophy of the nation-state that arose in the 1860s. Whether in Italy, Japan, or America we saw a vast expansion of state power and centralization enabled by the industrial revolution era technologies like the railroad and the telegraph. The basic idea was that the country was divided up into departments handled by groups of bureaucrats in the capital city.
Mass public education inculcated all the nation's children in the same values and eradicated local dialects and languages in favor of the speech of the capital province. Germany hadn't been united in any meaningful way for about 1000 years, Italy not since the Roman Empire. Regions had distinct cultures and often spoke tongues that were not even mutually intelligible.
All those differences had to go so humanity itself could be reduced to standardized parts in the machine. The 20th century with radio, television and its mass mindless herd wars marked the high tide of centralization. What people like to call “globalism” is just a worldwide version of the 19th century style nation-state. The present nationalism is actually a reaction to what they see themselves as continuing in some way! No wonder they are confused about their identity!
The personal computer followed by internet has decentralized networks at a furious pace. The 21st century is about unraveling the monoculture that has grown ever more uniform and dreary over the last 150 years.
Until modern communications, large clumsy bureaucracies always won. Maybe 2 million men died because rubber stamps were put on the wrong forms, but the other 18 million would overwhelm the enemy. In a world of telegraph and then radio there was no real counter to this zerg swarming strategy.
Now though, it is possible for even small, poorly equipped forces to outmaneuver clumsy centralized states indefinitely while inflicting a thousand paper cuts and letting the nation-state waste its energy throwing slow, painfully telegraphed punches at gnats until it gases out. It's like a claymation giant monster flailing around in vain to kill the heroes or Captain Kirk vs. the Gorn. It's a simple concept often called 4GW(4th generation warfare) to sound hip.
By the early 2000s poor Arabs with home-made road bombs could outmaneuver the richest empire in history. In the 2010s smartphones lead to the Arab Spring and Occupy followed by the Islamic State.
What we are seeing is an increase in the size of 4G organizations until we are looking at something on the scale of nation state with the flexibility of a small organization. As it matures, this kind of system obsoletes the 19th century bureaucracy-bound nation-state.
The nationalist vs. globalist struggle we see across the developed world is the clash of established nation-states with 21st century decentralized networks. As soon as we understand this it's clear why the establishment is on the wrong side of history and why in spite of their overhwelming power they can only flap about in furious teary rage as their world falls apart. There is a Tao of the universe and those who try to fight it, no matter how mighty, only exhaust themselves.
The election of Trump is only the beginning of their woes as his momentum carries over and they find themselves under siege in Italy, Austria, the Netherlands, France, and even Germany.
There is a new age upon us but it will not be a peaceful age. While steadily dwindling wealth remained above a certain line and there was a USSR to scare people, unity went without serious challenge. Since the year 2000 or so we've sunk towards the next dark age with rapidly shrinking wealth, low trust, low innovation, and stringent orthodox persecution of heretical ideas. Furthermore, in a nation-state that treats everyone like replaceable parts from cradle to grave no one feels like they really belong or really matter. They plug into an economy to crank out production points for most of their waking time alive with no purpose in sight. This purpose vacuum was waiting for something to fill it and modern communication brought down a Berlin Wall built from bricks of mechanistic nihilism.
It comes as no surprise then that the new organizations arising are very much like tribes. What others call nationalism I call neo-tribalism. As always some will benefit from change while others perish. An age of tribes promises to be a savage one defined by groups fighting over scarce resources in a world where most niches are already over-saturated.
The main discussion between allied emerging tribes right now is what uniting principles will define the new nation-tribe. Some believe it is about a civic polity, those who can participate at a net benefit for the whole. Others believe that ethnicity will be the core.
I think both are right about some things but neither grasps the whole truth. Disembodied communication allows humans to associate by natural predisposition and neurotype. Some tribes will form coalitions of mutually beneficial types and in those coalitions there will be hierarchies of tribes. In time, the tribal coalition becomes a caste system.
Above all, this means the end is coming for enlightenment philosophy that reduces all questions of society to the individual. In the future, society will not be treated as a machine made of atoms, but as an organism made of cells. Societies themselves will finally be seen correctly as competing organisms in the wild rather than lifeless structures that interchangeable atoms happen to occupy.
How The Opioid Epidemic Is Changing Police Work
With the opioid epidemic gripping big cities and small towns across the nation, police officers and departments are changing their approach and policy, and taking on new roles focused more on social work and community support than maintaining law and order.
“When I came out of the police academy, it was law enforcement enforcing the law,” said Sheriff Kevin Coppinger of Essex County, Massachusetts, who is a former police chief from the town of Lynn, according to The Washington Post. “Now police officers have to be generalists. You have to enforce the law, you have to be social-service workers and almost mental-health workers.”
Increasingly, police departments are realizing that locking up addicts is doing little to stem drug usage. This has meant that more departments are starting policies aimed at getting people into treatment, rather than jail.
One of the first programs was the Angel Initiative in Gloucester, Massachusetts, which allows people who are addicted to turn in their drugs at the police department and be connected with drug treatment. Since it began in 2015, the Gloucester program has grown into the Police-Assisted Addiction and Recovery Initiative, which helps departments around the country develop similar programs.
Growing acceptance of programs like these among officers is critical to helping people who are addicted to opioids. In that case, traditional police tactics and legal punishments don't work, said Captain Ron Meyers of the police department in Chillicothe, Ohio.
“A lot of the officers are resistant to what we call social work. They want to go out and fight crime, put people in jail,” said Meyers, who has been an officer for 21 years. “We need to make sure the officers understand this is what is going to stop the epidemic.”
Dealing with overdose victims, administering naloxone, and helping children whose parents have overdosed, can all be draining for officers.
“You're tired of dealing with this person because it saps your resources and it's frustrating, and sometimes that manifests itself in a poor attitude or police officer becoming cynical or sarcastic,” said Officer Jamie Williamson of the police department in Ithaca, New York. “But you want to get them the help so you don't have to deal with them and so that person gets to a better place.”
However, many officers are frustrated that they do not have the resources to help effectively, says Tom Synan, chief of the Newtown, Ohio, police department and a leader of the Hamilton County Heroin Coalition.
“Law enforcement has been forced to take the lead on this, and we probably are not the best profession to be doing this because our job really is to enforce laws,” said Synan. “I never got into police work thinking I'd watch an entire generation die of drugs.”
1 year ago
Hello all!
It was less than a year ago that Matt asked me to co-direct Lazer Team 2 with him and here we are already at the release. I cannot believe it. Nevertheless, it was a long, exciting journey to get to this point and we cannot wait for everyone to see it! If you can, don't miss out watching it with friends or with an audience because once this movie gets rolling the jokes don't stop.
As Matt promised last night, a bunch of you are going to get a chance to see Lazer Team 2 in theaters very soon. Hit up the links below for your territory and start making plans with friends. If you don't see your location, keep checking back. We'll be adding additional theaters all the way up to our release date - you can always check for new updates at Lazerteam2.movie! We can't wait to share this with you!
US and Canada – November 14 and 15
Tickets: GET YOUR TICKETS NOW!
Australia and New Zealand – November 13
Australia Tickets - Get 'em here!
New Zealand Tickets - Get 'em here!
UK – November 19
Tickets - Get your tickets HERE!
London Ticket Link - Right here!
And if you don't get a chance to see Lazer Team 2 in theaters, don't worry. It'll be hitting YouTube Red on November 22!
April 23rd 1994 will forever be one of the most curious days in Bundesliga history.
It is the 32nd match day of the 1993/94 season, and Bayern München are currently chasing the Bundesliga title, while 1. FC Nürnberg are barely above the relegation places hanging on for their lives. Bayern are two points ahead of Kaiserslautern, and Nürnberg have a healthy four point gaps down to the relegation places(Editors note: Only two points were awarded for a win back then). Nürnberg would happily settle for a draw away in the Olympiastadion, while Bayern had to win the match, given the fact that Kaiserslautern were likely to beat relegation candidates SG Wattenscheid 09.
The match started out with Nürnberg defending, causing a headache amongst Bayern's attacking personnel. ”The first time there was any danger was in the 26th minute”, former Nürnberg player Manni Schwabl recalled 12 years later when being interviewed by the German football magazine 11 Freunde. Referee Hans Joachim Osmers had rewarded Bayern with a corner kick.
Controversy
Schwaab placed himself at the near post, where he in the following moments witnessed one of German football's most controversial moments. Schwaab himself can still describe the situation in great details:
The corner kick came at great speed into the box, landing in the box where it was headed on. Thomas Helmer was there, but Lubos Kubik was covering him tightly. Despite being guarded Helmer, somehow, managed to get to the ball. I had glanced towards the situation, seeing Kubik on the ground and our goalkeeper Andreas Köpke had already descended into a dive. Helmer squeezed the ball past the wrong side of the post, and the audience moaned in discontent. I was making my way towards the goal line to get ready for the goal kick. But, suddenly the entire stadium erupted into cheers.
What had happened? Whilst everybody had seen that the ball had missed the goal, linesman Jörg Jablonski had just seen the ball cross the line from across the other side of the pitch, and waved his flag signalling a goal. Referee Osmers hadn't seen the ball go out of play, and relied on the information his linesman had given him, and gave the goal.
Take a look at Helmer's phantom goal.
Helmer the main figure
Thomas Helmer himself isn't particularly keen on talking about his phantom goal. When asked by German broadcaster NDR in April of 2012 to tell the story from his point of view, Helmer said:
Given all the things I have accomplished during my 17 years as a professional, it is extremely bitter to be reduced to that one goal.
In an earlier interview Helmer had stated:
Well, the referee should have approached me, and we should have talked about the situation. The rules actually state that he has to do so, I wasn't aware of that rule back then. In the end, I think both of us acted wrongly.
Helmer himself showed off some of his finest skills later on in the match. Nürnberg had managed to equalize in the second half, but Helmer managed to get Bavaria back into the lead with a beautifully struck shot from 17 meters.
Ironically enough, it was Thomas Helmer who brought down Christian Wück towards the end of the game, giving away a penalty to ”Der Club”. Referee Osmers had heard about his blunder during the half time break, and these days he honestly admits that he hoped for Schwalb ”to smash that ball into the back of the net, giving Nürnberg the point which they needed”, somewhat redeeming him of his terrible mistake. Raimond Aumann in the Bayern goal had different plans, and kept Manni Schwalb's weak penalty out.
The goal's consequences
Helmer's goal was certainly the hot topic of the day after referee Hans-Joachim Osmers had blown the final whistle. Had Manni Schwalb's penalty gone in, Nürnberg might have never handed in a complaint to the DFB. Three days after the controversial goal, the DFB held its hearing about the incident. As a result of the hearing a re-match was scheduled.
This time around the Nürnberg defense managed to keep out Bavaria for 47 minutes. Mehmet's Scholl first goal in the 47th minute was followed by four more goals, seeing Bayern grab two vital points.
Schwalb's missed penalty in the first match meant in the end that Nürnberg got relegated, being equal on points with Freiburg, because of their dire goal difference. Bayern München were three points ahead of Kaiserslautern at the end of the season, winning the Bundesliga championship for the 12th time.
The goal has also followed the referee and his linesman. Jablonski continued to be a linesman and referee for another season after his massive blunder, but stopped afterwards, because ”the aftermath of this goal was that every call was getting questioned every time I officiated.” Jörg Jablonski was done as a professional referee after the 1994/95 season. Hans-Joachim Osmers on the other hand continued to officiate for quiet sometime. Osmers managed to redeem himself through a boat load of good performances in the end.
These days Osmers has a picture of the phantom goal hanging in the office, jokingly saying that ”this goal stays with him each and every day”.
Feel free to leave a comment.
Under AB 1014, California gun owners could face a loss of their Second Amendment gun rights and confiscation of their firearms without prior warning. The subject of a restraining order and confiscation warrant won't even know they have been accused until there's a SWAT team at their door.
Following Elliot Rodger's Hollywood-inspired killing spree in Isla Vista, Democratic California Assembly Members Nancy Skinner (Berkeley) and Das Williams (Santa Barbara) have introduced Assembly Bill 1014, a bill that would allow anyone to ask a court for a “Gun Violence Restraining Order” and “firearms seizure warrant” against California gun owners. The measure, submitted to the Legislature on May 28, was immediately and viciously opposed by the gun rights group California Association of Federal Firearms Licensees (CAL-FFL), which called the bill “a wanton violation of nearly every guarantee of liberty contained in the Bill of Rights.”
Under the proposed law, California gun owners could face a loss of their Second Amendment gun rights and confiscation of their firearms without prior warning. The proposed law allows the government up to two weeks following the issuance of a restraining order to set a hearing in which the subject of the order could argue for the reinstatement of their Second Amendment rights and return of any firearms seized.
“AB 1014 is a gun control nightmare,” said Brandon Combs, president of CAL-FFL. “California Democrats are taking their radical anti-gun agenda to an entirely new and horrifying level.” Combs, who debated the bill with Assemblymember Williams and UCLA Law Professor Adam Winkler on the Los Angeles-based radio talk show “Which Way, LA?”, said that the bill “guts due process” and the presumption of innocence.
“The subject of a restraining order and confiscation warrant may not even know they have been accused until there's a SWAT team at their door.”
According to the bill's text, courts would be required to issue a restraining order if a person–who doesn't even have to know the target of the order–submits a form saying that a gun owner “poses a significant risk of personal injury to himself, herself, or others by owning or possessing” guns.
Remarked CAL-FFL's Combs, “In a fit of circular logic, AB 1014 makes the very exercise of Constitutional rights, like purchasing guns or knives, evidence supporting the issuance of a restraining order that would strip a person of those same rights. It's absolutely insane.”
But the restraining orders aren't the only problem with the bill, according to CAL-FFL. Assembly Bill 1014 would also mandate that courts order a “firearms seizure warrant” following a restraining order, forcing police and local law enforcement to “seize any firearms in the possession of the named person…from any place, or from any person in whose possession the firearm may be.”
CAL-FFL warned that the broad language of the seizure warrant could lead not only to midnight “no-knock” raids against the subject of the restraining order–who may not even know that their gun rights have been stripped away and that they are now a “prohibited person”–but also the homes of their friends and family, and even places of employment.
Combs believes that the bill's language is ripe for abuse. “Gun control activists like Shannon Watts and ‘Moms Demand Action', who regularly promote gun bans, could simply go on Facebook or Twitter, grab a photo of you and your gun, and slap it on a restraining order request. There's no criminal or civil penalty for filing false or vexatious reports and no provision for the recovery of damages and someone's loss of rights. AB 1014 would make it open season on California gun owners.”
Combs continued, “On mere hearsay, an anti-gun judge could instigate a life-ending terror campaign against a gun owner and everyone who knows them.”
In a press release, Assemblymember Williams said that AB 1014 will “help prevent mass killings like the tragic Isla Vista rampage near UC Santa Barbara.” However, the Washington Post reported on Friday, May 30, that “a half-dozen sheriff's deputies knocked on Elliot Rodger's door last month in response to concerns raised by his mother about his well-being,” but the “deputies did not check [California's gun registration] database.”
Ironically, in spite of Elliot Rodger murdering three people with knives, AB 1014 targets only firearms.
“Even were AB 1014 law at the time of Rodger's Hollywood-inspired killing spree, it simply wouldn't have stopped the Isla Vista tragedy from happening,” noted Combs. “It doesn't require the seizure of knives like those Rodger used to kill many of his victims, and budget-strapped local law enforcement agencies aren't going to be able to dedicate all of their resources to the Legislature's newest feel-good policy.”
As reported by the Washington Post, state Sen. Kevin de León (D-Los Angeles) followed the introduction of the restraining order legislation with a new push for his own gun control proposal, Senate Bill 53, that would mandate ammunition sales and purchase permits and ammunition registration.
“We will fight AB 1014 and SB 53 until they're tossed in the scrap heap of history,” said Combs. “CAL-FFL will do whatever it takes to kill these bills.”
People can send a letter opposing AB 1014 to members of the Legislature at https://www.firearmspolicy.org/act/california/ab1014.
An informative video on AB 1014 can be viewed at CAL-FFL News on YouTube.
California Association of Federal Firearms Licensees (CAL-FFL) is California's most tenacious and complete advocacy group for Second Amendment and related economic rights. CAL-FFL's thousands of members include firearm dealers, training professionals, shooting ranges, collectors, consumers, and others who participate in the firearms ecosystem. CAL-FFL advances the interests of its members and the general public through lobbying, litigation, education, and public outreach.
Poland has been starkly criticised for organising an ‘International Coal and Climate Summit' to run parallel with the COP19 UN climate change conference it is hosting in Warsaw this November.
A Warsaw Communiqué issued jointly by Poland's Ministry of the Economy and the World Coal Association (WCA) last week proposed a 'clean coal' strategy to fight climate change, relying on what it calls 'high efficiency, low-emissions coal combustion technologies'.
The International Coal and Climate Summit that follows is nominally being hosted by the WCA but will take place at the Economy Ministry, which is endorsing the meeting with its logo. It will also be addressed by Poland's deputy prime minister and several government officials.
“The Polish government is transforming something of international importance into a lobby opportunity for coal, the very energy which destroys climate the most,” Claude Turmes, the MEP and vice-chair of the European Parliament Green group told EURACTIV.
“It is outrageous,” he went on. “Poland is abusing its position in a vast cynical diplomatic exercise to derail the international climate negotiations and, done by a European member state, I think it is really an attempt to destroy solidarity inside the EU.”
He called on EU governments and the European Commission not to accept Poland's handling of the UNFCCC summit, in a nod to growing irritation at Warsaw.
According to an unofficial briefing ‘non-paper' for the last informal meeting of EU energy ministers, which EURACTIV has seen, Poland is opposing proposed 2030 climate and energy targets for the European Union, running counter to what a majority of countries have been calling for.
Adding insult to injury for environmentalists, the COP summit will also be sponsored by firms whose green credentials have been questioned, such as the steel giant Arcelor Mittal, the German car company BMW, and Poland's International Paper.
“It is probably a statement by the Poles of thumbing their noses to responsible climate policy and to EU policy as well,” Jason Anderson, WWF's head of European climate and Energy told EURACTIV.
Many businesses were working to reduce their carbon emissions, he said. “It just so happens that they've ticked a lot of mainstream and often high-emitting companies that are not the most progressive in Europe.”
Industries 'here to stay'
But the Polish environment minister, Marcin Korolec told EURACTIV that he found environmental complaints about the coal and climate summit "very strange, if not worrying".
"To people questioning involvement of energy intensive industries at COP I have little understanding," he said. "Where is the most potential to reduce greenhouse gases? And these industries are here to stay. We want windmills and they are made of steel."
Business had to have a seat at the climate table, he stressed: "During [the] Polish COP Presidency there is no place for confrontation, isolation and selection. We worked hard to get to democracy and [the] market system and want to use this experience during COP."
Warsaw's alternative coal and climate summit also received financial support – by Peabody, the world's largest private sector coal company and GE Mining – and it is being partnered by Euracoal, the European coal association.
The meetings themselves will focus on “high-efficiency low-emissions coal technologies, global progress on CCS (carbon capture and storage) demonstration and the role of coal in the global economic development.”
Environmentalists contend that this latter comes at an unaffordable climate cost, while Poland's has not distinguished itself with support for CCS at the European level.
Underground gasification
‘High-efficiency' or ‘clean' coal usually refers to coal produced from the process of underground gasification, or the burning of it underground to produce gas.
As a Greenpeace investigation detailed, a study by the US Department of Energy found residual groundwater contamination 16 years after a mere five-day gasification process.
Any ameliorating effect that the process could have on at least 70% of coal's CO 2 emissions is also disputed. “Clean coal is a climate killer full-stop," Turmes said.
But there was surprising support for the Polish summit from Yvo de Boer, a former UNFCC executive-director and the current climate advisor to accountants KPMG.
De Boer told EURACTIV that because of its dependence on coal, transitioning to a clean energy economy could have major economic impacts for the country.
'Better inside your tent pissing out than outside pissing in'
“This is a predicament that has been too often ignored or pushed to the background in the EU's efforts to come to agreement on climate targets,” he said. “The fact is that Poland is an important member of the EU and that therefore, ways need to be found to make it part of the solution rather than part of the problem.”
Coal would be an important part of the energy mix for countries such as Poland, China and India for decades to come, and reconciling this with the global necessity to reduce emissions would be “a very complicated circle to square,” he said.
“As General MacArthur said, it is better to have [Poland] inside your tent pissing out, than outside pissing in,” he quipped.
Another unexpected attendee of the coal and climate summit, Baroness Bryony Worthington, the founder of the environmental group Sandbag, said that the conference showed that Poland was taking climate change seriously, or at least that it was worried by the momentum of moves to clean energy.
“It is important that they hear a voice strongly advocating for action on climate change and I want them to understand that if they can commercialise CCS, coal can have a future but it will have to come with tougher support mechanisms,” she said.
Poland was “not showing any interest or desire in hearing that message,” she conceded, “but we have to keep saying it loud and clear.”
Hopes for CCS were dealt a blow by Norway's decision last week to scrap one of the only such planned operational plants in Europe – in Mongstad – because of cost over-runs and delays. These have also plagued other potential EU demonstration projects.
But analysts at the International Energy Agency see few other options for containing the world's accelerating carbon emissions, if dangerous global warming is to be averted.
Hal Varian, chief economist at Google, has a simple way to predict the future. The future is simply what rich people have today. The rich have chauffeurs. In the future, we will have driverless cars that chauffeur us all around. The rich have private bankers. In the future, we will all have robo-bankers.
One thing that we imagine that the rich have today are lives of leisure. So will our future be one in which we too have lives of leisure, and the machines are taking the sweat? We will be able to spend our time on more important things than simply feeding and housing ourselves?
Let's turn to another chief economist. Andy Haldane is a chief economist at the Bank of England. In November 2015, he predicted that 15 million jobs in the UK, roughly half of all jobs, were under threat from automation. You'd hope he knew what he was talking about.
And he's not the only one making dire predictions. Politicians. Bankers. Industrialists. They're all saying a similar thing.
“We need urgently to face the challenge of automation, robotics that could make so much of contemporary work redundant”, Jeremy Corbyn at the Labour Party Conference in September 2017.
“World Bank data has predicted that the proportion of jobs threatened by automation in India is 69 percent, 77 percent in China and as high as 85 percent in Ethiopia”, according to World Bank president Jim Yong Kim in 2016.
It really does sound like we might be facing the end of work as we know it.
Many of these fears can be traced back to a 2013 study from the University of Oxford. This made a much quoted prediction that 47% of jobs in the US were under threat of automation in the next two decades. Other more recent and detailed studies have made similar dramatic predictions.
Now, there's a lot to criticize in the Oxford study. From a technical perspective, some of report's predictions are clearly wrong. The report gives a 94% probability that bicycle repair person will be automated in the next two decades. And, as someone trying to build that future, I can reassure any bicycle repair person that there is zero chance that we will automate even small parts of your job anytime soon. The truth of the matter is no one has any real idea of the number of jobs at risk.
Even if we have as many as 47% of jobs automated, this won't translate into 47% unemployment. One reason is that we might just work a shorter week. That was the case in the Industrial Revolution. Before the Industrial Revolution, many worked 60 hours per week. After the Industrial Revolution, work reduced to around 40 hours per week. The same could happen with the unfolding AI Revolution.
Another reason that 47% automation won't translate into 47% unemployment is that all technologies create new jobs as well as destroy them. That's been the case in the past, and we have no reason to suppose that it won't be the case in the future. There is, however, no fundamental law of economics that requires the same number of jobs to be created as destroyed. In the past, more jobs were created than destroyed but it doesn't have to be so in the future.
In the Industrial Revolution, machines took over many of the physical tasks we used to do. But we humans were still left with all the cognitive tasks. This time, as machines start to take on many of the cognitive tasks too, there's the worrying question: what is left for us humans?
Some of my colleagues suggest there will be plenty of new jobs like robot repair person. I am entirely unconvinced by such claims. The thousands of people who used to paint and weld in most of our car factories got replaced by only a couple of robot repair people.
No, the new jobs will have to be doing jobs where either humans excel or where we choose not to have machines. But here's the contradiction. In fifty to a hundred years time, machines will be super-human. So it's hard to imagine of any job where humans will remain better than the machines. This means the only jobs left will be those where we prefer humans to do them.
The AI Revolution then will be about rediscovering the things that make us human. Technically, machines will have become amazing artists. They will be able to write music to rival Bach, and paintings to match Picasso. But we'll still prefer works produced by human artists.
These works will speak to the human experience. We will appreciate a human artist who speaks about love because we have this in common. No machine will truly experience love like we do.
As well as the artistic, there will be a re-appreciation of the artisan. Indeed, we see the beginnings of this already in hipster culture. We will appreciate more and more those things made by the human hand. Mass-produced goods made by machine will become cheap. But items made by hand will be rare and increasingly valuable.
Finally as social animals, we will also increasingly appreciate and value social interactions with other humans. So the most important human traits will be our social and emotional intelligence, as well as our artistic and artisan skills. The irony is that our technological future will not be about technology but all about our humanity.
Toby Walsh is Professor of Artificial Intelligence at the University of New South Wales, in Sydney, Australia. His new book, “Android Dreams: the past, present and future of Artificial Intelligence” was published in the UK by Hurst Publishers in September 2017. It's available from the Guardian Bookshop. You can read more at his blog, http://thefutureofai.blogspot.com/
Dropout, Samothrace, Pilgrim, Rapturous Grief, Paradox
9pm | $7 | 21+ Brought to you by Grind Your Mind & Dude City Productions
Samothrace initially came together out of friendship made through involvement in DIY Punk/Hardcore/Metal community. Although currently based in Seattle, WA, their hometowns span from New Mexico, Kansas and Oklahoma. Their lyrics, albeit poetic, are rooted in the ideals of social change, political incoherence, and a bleak but positive outlook on life… intended for those who've taken back their breath and risen on their own and those who wish to do so.
Samothrace is an evolving beast. Keep it heavy… keep it underground. Heavy music for heavy times.
Members are currently or have been involved with; Oroku, Lethe, Black Christmas, Sentient, The Fuktards, This Building Is Cursed, Short Bus Kids, Christianistan, Skarp, Book of Black Earth, Splatterhouse, etc
http://youtu.be/2n41YnMI__4
Photo
For Will Shu, the idea behind his tech start-up grew out of frustration.
When he moved moved to London for the first time, to work as an analyst for Morgan Stanley, Mr. Shu could not find restaurants in the city's financial district to deliver food when he worked late nights.
“I ended up having to go to Burger King because no one would deliver,” he said. “Where I worked, it was impossible to find anything good to eat.”
After leaving the investment bank and finishing an M.B.A. at the Wharton School, Mr. Shu returned to the British capital and co-founded Deliveroo, an on-demand food delivery service, in early 2013. The timing caught the company on the wave of of tech companies that allow almost anything to be delivered with little more than a swipe of a smartphone screen.
Now, the company is looking to be an even bigger player in the delivery market. On Monday, Deliveroo announced a new $70 million funding round led by Greenoaks Capital and Index Ventures, which takes its total fund-raising to almost $100 million.
The move by Deliveroo and its backers is part of wider efforts by venture capitals and tech entrepreneurs to build on-demand services. That has helped to propel the likes of Uber, the ride-booking service, and Airbnb, the housing-rental site, to multibillion dollar valuations.
While online food delivery companies like GrubHub and Just Eat, its European rival, have helped restaurants with existing delivery services to connect digitally with potential customers, Mr. Shu says there are thousands of restaurants, particularly in Europe, that are not set up for the online economy.
To fill this void, Deliveroo provides a one-size-fits-all offering for nontech savvy restaurants, including food packaging, delivery drivers and other support so individuals can order the restaurants' food through smartphones. The start-up charges customers a flat $4 delivery charge and takes an undisclosed percentage from restaurants' additional sales.
“If we can figure out all the logistics for restaurants, then we can offer people a better service,” said Mr. Shu, who still spends a couple of hours a week delivering food to customers despite have about 150 employees at the company. “For the first eight months, I was on my bike a lot.”
With the new money, Deliveroo is planning to introduce its offering to other European cities, as well as in the Middle East and a small number of Asian countries. The start-up has just signed up its first restaurants in Paris and Berlin, though Mr. Shu, who grew up in New Haven, said he did not have plans to enter the United States in the short-term.
“Our sweet spot is when there's high population density, a degree of affluence and a lot of restaurants,” he said. “There are a lot of cities in Europe that have those characteristics.”
“ My momma always said, "Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get."
” –Forrest Gump
Forrest Gump (born June 6, 1944) is the protagonist of Forrest Gump novel and film. He is the only son of Mrs. Gump and an unknown father. Forrest was also a very simple minded man, he never digs deep into what something was or what someone said.
Contents show]
Early Life and Education Edit
Forrest Gump was born on June 6, 1944 (the day of the Normandy landings during World War II). Because his father was absent during his life, purportedly "on vacation", Forrest was raised by his mother, who named him after Civil War Confederate General Nathan Bedford Forrest , who was also first Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, and a supposed ancestor of Gump's. This was to remind Forrest that "sometimes we all do things that, well, just make no sense."
As a child, Forrest had strong legs, but a weak spine, which the family doctor claimed was "as crooked as a politician." Because of this, he was forced to wear leg braces which made walking and running difficult, and also discovered he had an sub-standard IQ, which the principal of the local school said excluded him from attending the school. (Forrest's mother made the man reconsider after they slept together.) Forrest's mother told him never to let anyone tell him he was different, saying: "Stupid is as stupid does."
Because Forrest and his mother lived in a large house, they rented the rooms out to travelers to make money. One such guest was a young Elvis Presley, who used Forrest's peculiar dancing style to invent the "hip dancing" moves for the song "Hound Dog."
On the bus to school, Forrest met Jenny Curran, and was instantly attracted to her. He later said: "I had never seen anything so beautiful in my life." Forrest and Jenny spent much time together, usually near a large tree. Jenny accepted Forrest for who he was and taught him to read, as well as to stand up to bullies. However, Jenny had an unhappy home life; her mother had died when she was young, and her father molested her and her sisters, which led to Jenny being taken to live with her grandmother, and she would often stay at Forrest's house to escape.
One day, a trio of bullies is throwing fruit at Forrest and chasing him on their bikes. Jenny urged Forrest to just run away. As Forrest struggled to run, his leg braces broke apart. Once he was free of them, Forrest was able to run incredibly fast. Forrest never wore leg braces again, and was able to run everywhere after that.
College Edit
Forrest remained close friends with Jenny throughout high school, and one day, when he was targeted by the same bullies, he ran across the high school's football field, disrupting the practice, but also running faster than the players on the team. This caught the attention of the head coach of Alabama Crimson Tide, Paul "Bear" Bryant, and Forrest received a football scholarship to the University of Alabama where his impressive speed helped the team to win several games. He was then admitted to the All-American football team, and got to meet President John F. Kennedy at the White House. In a ceremony in the Oval Office, Forrest was asked by the President how he felt (to be an All-American), and Forrest, who had drunk fifteen Dr Peppers, honestly replied, "I gotta pee."
Forrest also witnessed the desegregation of the University of Alabama, and was clearly visible in the background of the news footage of Governor George Wallace in front of the Foster Auditorium, denouncing the desegregation by "standing in the schoolhouse door." While other students jeered and booed the black students, Forrest, not entirely understanding what was happening, simply walked up to a black woman and handed her a book she dropped, saying simply "Ma'am? You dropped your book...ma'am?" before following her and the others into school.
Later, Forrest goes to Jenny's college campus in the pouring rain with chocolates to surprise her, and sees her making out with her boyfriend, Billy, in his car. Forrest, thinking he is hurting her, pulls open the driver side door and punches Billy, who drives off. Despite being initially annoyed with him, Jenny invites Forrest into her room, where they have a brief sexual encounter. Forrest was confused by it.
Army Service Edit
Forrest graduates from college in 1967, and, at the ceremony, he is approached by an army recruiter, who asks him if he has given any thought to his future. Forrest joins the United States Army, and meets a young black man, Benjamin Buford Blue (Bubba) on the bus. Bubba is a fellow recruit from Bayou La Batre, whose ambition is to buy a shrimping boat to continue his family history of cooking shrimp.
Forrest excels in army training, and breaks a company record by assembling his M14 rifle quickly, and his drill sergeant often singles him out as an exemplary soldier to other recruits, and tells him he could be a general one day. Meanwhile, Jenny had been expelled from school for wearing her school sweater to pose in Playboy and had found work singing in the nude at a strip club in Memphis, Tennessee. Forrest goes to visit her one night and beats up some patrons who were harassing her. Forrest tells Jenny that he loves her, but Jenny replies that he "doesn't know what love is." Jenny is angry, but later becomes concerned when Forrest tells her he was being deployed to Vietnam. Jenny tells him not to try being brave if he was ever in trouble and to run away instead.
Upon arrival in Vietnam, Forrest and Bubba are assigned to Company A, 2/47th Infantry, 3rd Brigade, 9th Infantry Division. They meet their platoon commander, Dan Taylor, whom Forrest calls "Lieutenant Dan". While on patrol, Bubba proposed that he and Forrest go into the shrimping business together after their time in the army was finished, and Forrest agreed.
After several months of uneventful patrols, the platoon is ambushed by the Viet Cong, and several soldiers are killed or wounded. After becoming isolated during the retreat, Forrest goes back into the jungle to look for Bubba, and ends up extracting the rest of the wounded soldiers to the riverbank before finding Lieutenant Dan, calling in an airstrike. He drags him away to the riverbank where he screams at Forrest, telling him he was supposed to die there. He runs back to find Bubba wounded and carries him to safety as the US Air Force bomb the area with napalm. Bubba died on the riverbank in Vietnam in Forrest's arms, with his last words being "I wanna go home." Forrest is shot in the buttocks, and recovers in an army hospital, next to Lieutenant Dan, who has lost both his legs in the ordeal.
After recovering in the army hospital, Forrest is introduced to Ping-pong, and rather than returning to Vietnam, Forrest is assigned to the Special Services, entertaining wounded veterans with his ping-pong skills. He would later travel to the People's Republic of China during the Ping-Pong Diplomacy period. When he returns in 1971, he was a national hero, "famouser than even Captain Kangaroo " and was invited by Dick Cavett to appear on The Dick Cavett Show. John Lennon was also a guest on the show at the time and hearing Forrest talk about the Chinese having "no possessions" and "no religion too", inspired him to write the song "Imagine".
Soon after, Forrest was briefly reunited with Lieutenant Dan, now a bitter alcoholic who used a wheelchair and had lost his faith in God. Lieutenant Dan was also annoyed that Forrest, whom he declared as "an imbecile who embarrassed himself on television," was given the Medal of Honor. When Forrest told him of his and Bubba's plan to go into the shrimping business, Lieutenant Dan laughed and jokingly remarked that if Forrest was ever a shrimping boat captain, he would be his first mate.
Upon visiting President Richard Nixon, he was invited by the President to stay at the Watergate Hotel complex. Forrest was awakened by flashlights in the offices opposite his room. Believing the tenants to be having difficulty with a fusebox, he calls Frank Wills at the security office to notify the maintenance crew, inadvertently initiating the Watergate scandal, which leads to President Nixon's resignation in 1974. Shortly after this, Forrest was honorably discharged from the Army with the rank of Sergeant and returned home to Alabama.
Shrimp Boat Captain Edit
Upon his return, Forrest finds his Greenbow house filled with memorabilia capitalizing on his fame as a ping-pong player in China. At his mother's insistence, Forrest made $25,000 endorsing a brand of "Gump-Mao" ping-pong paddles, and used most of the money to travel to Bubba's hometown of Bayou La Batre and purchase a boat. When someone pointed out it was bad luck to have a boat without a name, Forrest named the boat after Jenny, which he calls, "The most beautiful name in the wide world." Unbeknownst to Forrest, Jenny had descended into a life of drugs and sexual promiscuity at this point and has even contemplated suicide over her choices.
Sometime later, Forrest is visited by Lieutenant Dan, who as a man of his word, has come to be Forrest's first mate, just as he said he would be on the New Year's Eve of 1972. For several weeks, the two have no luck catching shrimp. However, things change when the area is hit by Hurricane Carmen. Forrest's boat was the only one left standing and they find themselves with a monopoly of shrimp. Under the name of Bubba Gump Shrimp Company, they soon became very wealthy. Having faced his demons during the storm, Lieutenant Dan thanks Forrest for saving his life in Vietnam, and Forrest assumes that Dan (without actually saying so) made peace with God.
Home in Alabama Edit
Forrest returned home to Greenbow in September 1975 when he learned his mother was dying of cancer. After her death, Forrest stayed at the house and leaves his shrimping industry in the hands of Lieutenant Dan and retired to mowing and cutting grass and lawns, as he apparently enjoys doing it. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Dan participated in a substantial investment into what Forrest says to be "some kind of fruit company." In reality, the company was the fledgling Apple Computers , and it is implied that their investment largely kick-started Apple's rise and success. Even though Lt. Dan said he was crazy, he gave Mrs. Blue a share of the money, to which she promptly faints since that was enough for them to never work again. With the money he got from the Apple Computers investment, Forrest spent them on renovating the church he frequents and establishing a medical center at Bubba's hometown.
Jenny returns to Greenbow and moves in with Forrest. The two spend time together and Forrest later describes it as "the happiest time of my life." One night, July 4, 1976, the night of the US National Bicentennial, Forrest asks Jenny to marry him, but she turns him down, saying "You don't want to marry me." Forrest replies with, "I'm not a smart man, but I know what love is." After this exchange, Jenny comes to Forrest's bedroom, tells him she loves him, and the two make love. Jenny hails a cab very early the next morning and leaves, unbeknownst to him before he wakes up.
Running Edit
Forrest's newfound loneliness leads him to take a run "for no particular reason." At first, he decides to run to the end of the road, second across town, third across the county, fourth all the way to the Mississippi border. Eventually, he traverses the country several times over a span of three years. Forrest attracts media coverage, and eventually, dozens of followers initiating and inspiring what would become the jogging craze of 1978–79. During the run, he inspires the phrase "Shit Happens" to a bumper-sticker salesman after stepping in a pile of dog poop. He also uses a yellow t-shirt provided to him by a designer to wipe off his face after being splattered by mud. In the process, he forms the iconic "Smiley face" logo and tells the man to "Have a nice day." One day, while running in the Western United States, Forrest decides he's tired and stops. He immediately turns around and walks back to Alabama. His followers are dumbfounded at his sudden decision. Meanwhile, Jenny has taken a job as a waitress in Savannah, Georgia, and sees news coverage of Forrest's run on television.
Present day Edit
Much of Forrest Gump is told as memory to people waiting for a bus; the remainder is Forrest's present. The present (the "present" in the film being between November 17, 1980 and December 31, 1980 as seen from the magazine in the black ladies hands and car ad on a bus, since companies will often put ads for new cars a year ahead of time), Forrest tells his latest companion on the bench, an elderly woman, he'd recently received a letter from Jenny asking him to come see her. When told Forrest's destination, the old lady informs him that it is only a few blocks away. Thanking her, Forrest sets off on foot towards Jenny's home.
Forrest and Jenny are happy to see each other. However, before they can do much catch up, Forrest is introduced to Jenny's young son, a bright young boy whom she named Forrest after his father. Forrest at first thinks she met another man named Forrest until she explains "You're his daddy, Forrest." Forrest's fearful inquiry as to Little Forrest's intelligence leads Jenny to quickly assert that he is completely normal. Forrest learns that Jenny is sick from an unknown virus (implied to be HIV or AIDS), which has no known cure. He invites her and Little Forrest to come home and stay with him. She asks him to marry her and he accepts.
Forrest and Jenny's wedding is a quiet, intimate ceremony attended only by a handful of family and friends. Among the attendees is Lieutenant Dan, who has titanium prosthetic legs, with his Vietnamese fiancée Susan. It is the only time Jenny and Dan meet. Forrest, Jenny, and Little Forrest have a year together as a family before Jenny dies on Saturday March 22, 1982 (which was actually a Monday). Forrest has her buried under the tree where they played as children, then buys her childhood home (where her father had mistreated her) and has it bulldozed to the ground. Though he misses Jenny terribly, Forrest becomes a good father to Little Forrest.
Forrest Gump and Elvis Presley
Forrest Gump Trailer In His Shoes
Visiting Jenny's grave one day, he reflects on the idea of fate and destiny, wondering if his mother was right about people having their own destiny, or Lieutenant Dan was right about description of life as floating around accidentally like on a breeze. Forrest eventually decides "maybe it's both, maybe both are happening at the same time." He leaves Jenny a letter from Little Forrest and tells her "If there's anything you need, I won't be far away."Forrest is last seen outside his home, seeing Little Forrest off on his bus ride to school
Earlier today, security researcher Gareth Wright revealed the discovery of a security hole in the Facebook app for mobile devices running iOS and possibly Android. The simple ‘hack' allows a user to copy a plain text file off of the device and onto another one. This effectively gives another user access to your account, profile and all on that iOS device.
Now, The Next Web has discovered that popular file-syncing app Dropbox also exhibits the vulnerability. Updated with statement from Dropbox below.
As we noted earlier, the vulnerability lies with the app itself, as it stores this information in plain text, rather than encrypting or packaging it so that it cannot be accessed.
Facebook has responded, sending out the following statement:
Facebook's iOS and Android applications are only intended for use with the manufacturer provided operating system, and access tokens are only vulnerable if they have modified their mobile OS (i.e. jailbroken iOS or modded Android) or have granted a malicious actor access to the physical device. We develop and test our application on an unmodified version of mobile operating systems and rely on the native protections as a foundation for development, deployment and security, all of which is compromised on a jailbroken device.
At first glance, the statement appears to indicate that you're only vulnerable to this kind of profile theft if you jailbreak your device. We have confirmed that this is completely untrue. Your Facebook app on iOS is absolutely vulnerable because using a tool like iExplore, which is what Wright used to perform his white label hack, does not require a jailbreak.
Unfortunately, some articles have been written that emphasize the jailbreaking aspect of this, when in fact it only makes it slightly more vulnerable and does nothing to change the fact that non-jailbroken phones are also vulnerable.
As a matter of fact, we have duplicated the Facebook hack here at TNW labs (using our own devices) and it works perfectly well without a jailbreak.
If you read the Facebook statement carefully, however, it does cover its bases when it states that you are vulnerable if you have ‘granted a malicious actor access to the physical device.' That is absolutely true, your device would need to be accessed physically somehow, but it doesn't mean that it would need to be stolen or that another person would even need to touch it.
If a program was running on a public computer, or if someone had modified a public charging station to siphon off the plain-text .plist file, they could theoretically gain access to that information, whether you're jailbroken or not.
Your phone doesn't need to be stolen if a malicious app was installed on a public system. Wright even made such an app as a proof-of-concept, gathering over 1,000 .plist files in a week before contacting Facebook about the problem.
The long and short of it is that regular, non-jailbroken devices are vulnerable to this because it is a flaw in the way that Facebook stores that .plist file containing your information. Facebook is obviously aware of the issue and should be issuing an update to fix it soon.
The Next Web was tipped that another popular app, Dropbox, also exhibits the same .plist usage error. We checked and the information was correct, allowing us to copy a profile from one un-jailbroken device to another using iExplore. This means that Dropbox, like Facebook, is vulnerable to any malicious software that could be written to collect these .plist files.
We copied the .plist from one device with the app installed and logged in, over to another which had a fresh installation of Dropbox on it. The profile copied and it worked seamlessly, as if we had logged on ourselves, which we had not.
We have reached out to Dropbox to see if it has a statement regarding the use of the plain-text files to store user profile information.
At this point, it's clear that the handling of these files needs to be checked by every developer who's app stores profile information. If Facebook and Dropbox are doing it, then other apps are very likely doing it as well.
If you're a user of either of these apps, you shouldn't panic. Stay away from public charging stations and computers until the apps have received updates to fix the problem, but otherwise you should be just fine.
Note that this method for copying a file does not work on ‘foreign' machines if you have a passcode set. It will work on any computer that you have connected to and synced once, but not on a public computer which has never connected to your device. So, as is always best practice, set a passcode before using your iPhone with public devices or charging stations and you should be safe.
There is no evidence that anyone is using this method to collect information as of yet, but, as Wright told Zdnet, “Facebook are aware and working on closing the hole, but unless app developers follow suit and start encrypting the 60 day access token Facebook supplies, it's only a matter of time before someone starts using the info for ill purpose…if they aren't already.”
Update: We have received the following statement from Dropbox, noting that its Android app is not susceptible to this security issue and that it will update the iOS app to fix it as well. Hopefully other companies will take a look at how they're handling these plain text tokens and do the same.
Dropbox's Android app is not impacted because it stores access tokens in a protected location. We are currently updating our iOS app to do the same. We note that the attack in question requires a malicious actor to have physical access to a user's device. In a situation like that, a user is susceptible to all sorts of threats, so we strongly advise safeguarding devices.
Update: We've performed further testing and found that if your device has a passcode set, this method for transferring a .plist file off of the device will not work. We've updated the article to reflect that.
Read next: Dropbox for the web gets drag and drop support for Chrome, Firefox, and Safari
Nothing is ever of much value unless it also has a story attached to it. Pizza is always better if it's “from that shop owned by the brother of the guy who opened John's Pizza in New York!” Coffee's better if it was, “from the longest running fair trade coffee company in Belize!” Even a piece of furniture is so much more valuable if it was owned by even a B-grade movie star. And doesn't a cocktail get better when you know what it means, where it came from…it's story? Doesn't wine get even more complex when you know a little something about the people that made it? Here are a few books intended to give you a well-rounded boozy education.
Inventing Wine
by Paul Lukacs
For the Oenophile, I recommend Lukacs' brilliant look back on the history and evolution of wine. Painstakingly researched and eloquently written (Lukacs is a professor of English at Loyola University of Maryland), he guides us through the dense 8,000-year history of the world's favorite beverage showing how the wines we drink today have changed drastically over time, both in flavor and in the way they're made. I recommend pairing it with a Gravner 2002 orange wine for the full geek out.
The Drunken Botanist
by Amy Stewart
Amy Stewart has written a cocktail column in the North Coast Journal for years, and she has published books on botany for years, but her 2013 publication of the Drunken Botanist crashed her two passions together with intoxicatingly fun results. Stewart explores the history of our relationships with plants and how we decided to turn those things into booze. Packed with recipes and tips for gardening for your own home bar, you're sure to pick up some good ideas and some great stories from this one.
The Cocktail Lab: Unraveling the Mysteries of Flavor and Aroma in Drink
by Tony Conigliaro
On the polar opposite of the spectrums covered by the books above is the wildly creative and astoundingly experimental works of Tony Conigliaro. Conigliaro is famous for his cocktail lab in England, The Cocktail Factory, which is housed in the former recording studios for Pink Floyd. Throughout the book, Conigliaro guides us through a myriad of Molecular Gastronomic tricks using nitrogen, xanthanan gum and hydrosols to develop cocktails that are a little different than your typical old fashioned.
Imbibe!
by Dave Wondrich
Dave Wondrich is considered by most in the cocktail community to be the foremost scholar on the subject. His groundbreaking book, released in 2007, documents the legacy and story of the “father of the American bar.” Through his studies for his PHD in Comparative Literature, Wondrich presents us with references from classic books, memoirs, and newspapers to pull together the first comprehensive history of the cocktail and of it's first archivist, Jerry Thomas. It's also packed with a hundred or so recipes for tipples and punches and the often comical story of each drink.
The Brewmaster's Table: Discovering the Pleasures of Real Beer with Real Food
by Garrett Oliver
There are few people in the beer world as educated or as decorated as the brewmaster for Brooklyn Brewery, Garrett Oliver. The Court of Sommeliers' only licensed “Beer Sommelier,” Oliver argues that craft beer, not wine, pairs better and easier than wine with great food. Jammed full of the history of both the process of making beer and the ways we have consumed it, The Brewmaster's Table is a must for anyone wishing to expand their knowledge of the icey cold brew.
"Even though I'd braced myself for the news, yesterday's result still sent a jolt through me like electricity," Julia Ivan, director of Amnesty International Hungary told me today. "Hard won freedoms will be lost and the vital work done by NGOs to create a freer and fairer society will be seriously hampered by Orban's bullying politics." As director of an organisation that will itself be affected by the new NGO law was passed today, she should know.
On the face of it, the Law on the transparency of organisations funded from abroad carried by the Hungarian parliament today with a comfortable government majority might look fairly benign. The title of the law suggests it is aimed at increasing transparency, while authorities claim it is important in the fight against money laundering and international terrorism.
But when examined more closely, this veneer of respectability quickly falls away. In effect, the law is a thinly disguised attempt to stigmatise non-governmental organisations that receive foreign funding and hamper their vital work.
A systematic campaign
The law will force NGOs receiving more than 24,000 euros ($27,000) a year to re-register as "civic organisation funded from abroad". They will have to put this pejorative label on every publication they publish. The logic behind this is clearly that NGOs funded from abroad may serve foreign interests "endangering the sovereignty and national security of Hungary", as the authorities have claimed.
While some MPs tried to maintain a straight face when talking about the proposal, most of them recognise that this is yet another attempt to silence critical voices. In January, Szilard Nemeth, one of the MPs who later submitted this proposal, said: "we must repress these NGOs with every means, and I think, they should be swept up". In March, Prime Minister Viktor Orban stated that NGOs such as the ones that challenged Hungary's inhuman border policies have "nothing to do with genuine civil society and are untenable".
This vicious and calculated assault on civil society must be resisted on all levels - from grassroots organisations in Hungary to the European Union in Brussels.
In Hungary, an ongoing smear campaign has been targeting many civil society organisations that receive funding from foreign and international sources that the government cannot control. This culminated in the statement by the Prime Minister earlier this month that the George Soros' network and its "agent organisations" operated in a "mafia-style", and "can hardly be described as civil society organisations".
Last February, Amnesty International was described by the governing Fidesz party as "one of those agent organisations" encouraging migrants to break the law and publishing fake reports. The government has been particularly incensed by Amnesty International's ongoing campaign calling for justice for Ahmed H, a father of two, labelled a terrorist and sentenced to 10 years after using a megaphone to call for calm during clashes at the Hungarian border. Ahmed admitted to throwing three objects at the Hungarian police during the clashes, but this cannot credibly constitute an act of terrorism. The appeal against his sentence takes place on Thursday, June 15.
The government has further increased its control over the public broadcasting network. It has poured over 250m euros ($280m) last year into the public broadcasting service which has been operating as its mouthpiece since 2010. Investors with close ties to the government bought and shut down the largest opposition daily Nepszabadsag, and have acquired more than a dozen local newspapers and managed to align national TV channels with the government's policies.
Resisting repression
Against this repressive tide, the space carved out by human rights defenders and civil society has remained one of the last bastions of independent activism and critical voices. They have achieved a great deal despite the risks and challenges they have faced for years. Earlier this year, for example, the Helsinki Committee - one of the most aggressively smeared NGOs - managed to prevent the detention of asylum seekers through advocating for immediate intervention by the European Court of Human Rights.
The real intentions behind this law are very clear. By creating its own version of the draconian Russian "foreign agents law", the Hungarian authorities are trying to brand foreign-funded NGOs as a fifth column. The vital work and wide range of activities carried out by civil society organisations - helping to promote the rule of law, protect the rights of refugees, migrants and other marginalised groups or provide social and legal services not offered by the state - will be affected.
And without the NGOs, many will be left without assistance and support. The people who will ultimately be affected by this law will not be just refugees as the authorities claim, but will also have a negative impact on children with autism and pregnant women. It will affect Roma and LGBTI people, people with disabilities, people living with HIV and people who use drugs, homeless people, survivors of domestic violence and many more.
This vicious and calculated assault on civil society must be resisted on all levels - from grassroots organisations in Hungary to the European Union in Brussels. And it is happening.
"It is hard to see silver linings on a day like today but I have never seen Hungarian civil society united like this before," Julia Ivan tells me. "More than 250 NGOs have come together to form a joint campaign called Civilizacio2017. We will not give up."
Todor Gardos is Amnesty International's Hungary researcher.
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policy.
(CNN) -- Since March 11, the six reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant have been in various states of disrepair after being battered by a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami.
Here is the latest on the status of each reactor and what was being done to prevent further emissions of radioactive material.
Reactor No. 1
Pressure and temperature levels at the No. 1 reactor continue to fluctuate, though Hidehiko Nishiyama of Japan's nuclear and industrial safety agency told reporters Friday that the situation then appeared "rather stable."
While conceding that "controlling the temperature and pressure has been difficult," Nishiyama said there were indications that the pressure and temperature were both decreasing.
Authorities hope to begin injecting fresh water, rather than seawater as has been done, into the reactor's spent nuclear fuel pool.
According to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum, a nuclear industry group basing its data on official government and utility information, the No. 1 unit's reactor core has been damaged, but its containment vessel was not. As of Friday, the reactor's cooling systems were still not operational.
Still, the building was "severely damaged" by an earlier hydrogen explosion.
While electricity issues remain, lighting has been restored for this and the No. 2 reactors.
Reactor No. 2
Like with No. 1, there has been evidence of high radiation levels in spots in and around the No. 2 reactor -- though not as high as that of the No. 3 unit.
Nishiyama said Friday that authorities hope to start injecting fresh water (rather than the current seawater) into the reactor's core and spent nuclear fuel pool. The water is being pumped in to help cool down nuclear fuel rods and prevent the further emission of radioactive material.
Damage is "suspected" in this unit's containment vessel -- the only such vessel so compromised, according to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum. The reactor's core is also thought to be damaged. But the building itself has only been "slightly damaged," the same group reports.
That said, the containment vessel pressure is considered "stable," the nuclear industry trade group reports.
Reactor No. 3
The water that three men stepped in while laying cable in the basement of the No. 3 unit's turbine building had 10,000 times the amount of radiation typical for that locale, Nishiyama said. The workers -- each of whom tested 170 or more millisieverts of radiation, including two with direct exposure on the skin -- were admitted Friday for four days of observation at Japan's National Institute for Radiological Sciences, a research hospital in Chiba.
He noted that the contamination likely came from the reactor's core, adding there's a possibility of "some sort of leakage." That potentially could come from a crack in the reactor core, though Nishiyama cautioned that there is no definitive answer yet on how the radioactivity got into the basement.
Despite the suspected damage to the reactor core -- something that isn't presumed at any of the other five reactors -- the nuclear safety official said there is evidence that pressure is somehow being maintained in the vessel, making it less likely there is a big gash.
"Radiation levels are high" in some locations in and around the reactor, Nishiyama said.
These issues, including the radiation in the water, are prompting authorities to consider "other routes" to address issues at the reactor without exposing workers to excess radiation. Nishiyama said that, as of Friday afternoon, there was no firm plan on workarounds.
Firefighters from Kawasaki, with assistance from the Tokyo fire department, sprayed water Friday on the No. 3 reactor and its spent nuclear fuel pool.
The building of the No. 3 reactor was "severely damaged" after an explosion caused by the buildup of hydrogen gas, reports the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum. Its core reactor is also damaged, its fuel rods are either partly or fully exposed. As to its nuclear spent fuel pool, reports are that the pool was "possibly damaged" and the water level has been low -- a reason for the repeated spraying.
Reactor No. 4
A concrete pump truck was used once again Friday to inject seawater into the unit's fuel pool.
Along with the Nos. 5 and 6 units, the No. 4 was offline on a scheduled outage when the earthquake hit, and as a result the reactor's water level and pressure are continued safe.
But its nuclear spent fuel pool was "possibly damaged," which is why authorities have said its water levels are low and why they've made repeated efforts to fill it up with seawater.
Reactor No. 5
The No. 5 unit appears safe, for now, Nishiyama said. Its capability to cool the fuel rods in the spent fuel pool is working again, according to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum.
As with units Nos. 4 and 6, this reactor was off on a scheduled outage when the quake hit and there are no major issues with the reactor and core itself. The nuclear spent fuel pool is thought to be functioning, aside from continued concerns about powering its cooling system to ensure that the fuel rods contained within remain cool.
As with unit No. 6, three holes were punched in the building earlier in order to relieve pressure and prevent a hydrogen explosion.
Reactor No. 6
The No. 6 unit appears safe, for now, Nishiyama said. Its capability to cool the fuel rods in the spent fuel pool is working again, according to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum.
The No. 6 reactor was offline when the tsunami struck, and there are no major concerns about the structure or safety of its core or containment vessel. The nuclear spent fuel pool is thought to be functioning, aside from continued concerns about powering its cooling system to ensure that the fuel rods contained within remain cool.
As with unit No. 5, three holes were punched in the building earlier in order to relieve pressure and prevent a hydrogen explosion.
A while back Shug Maitland contacted me with a suggestion for a meme. Her suggestion was, “What is your Window On The World” where she requested that everyone show a screenshot of their viewer setup, the way they normally see SL, including the Huds, Floaters, Button layout, etc. I didn't really know how to do this challenge since I use the official viewer and don't really change much. The only thing I constantly have on my screen are two huds, the Huddles EZ Animator and my mystitool. Sometimes I even remove those if I go to a laggy sim or event.
Then recently Zee blogged about the Bright Inventory Box (which I still need to try out) but when I saw her talk about it I was like, “WHY DIDN'T I KNOW ABOUT THIS FROM BEFORE?” So I thought it would be a good learning experience for us to share some special tools we use to make our SLives easier. I figured the best way to do this meme was to combine these two ideas.
Meme Instruction: Share a screenshot of your viewer setup and/or a list of tools/HUDS you guys used to make your Second Life experiences better. Don't forget to leave a comment in this post with a link so we can all come and stalk you. If you share a screenshot, feel free to share them in the Blog Memes flickr group.
I didn't share a screenshot of the whole screen because I don't really change anything about the viewer other than adding the two HUDs I mentioned above (#2 & #5 in the pic). So what I did was attached all of the HUDs that I use (at different times) to enhance my SL experience. Each HUD helps me do different things and I'll share a link to each along with how I use them.
PoseAnywhere by DavidThomas Scorbal – I blogged this HUD back in 2011 with a video tutorial as well. It's one of my favorite HUDs and I use it so often to pose my clients (or myself) on sims where I don't have the ability to rez. I don't keep this HUD attached to me all the time, only when I need to use it. HUDDLES EZ Animator Deluxe by Keiki Lemieux – I bought this one back in 2008 and it has been attached to me since, I seldom remove it. The reason for that is because my AO is inside this HUD. I purchased different animations (mostly the breathing ones from Vista) and compiled my own AO using this HUD. I put all of my dances and a bunch of poses in it as well. SO I use this HUD to dance myself while having the ability to invite up to 10 others to dance with me. I can also use it to pose myself but I don't really do that often anymore since most of the poses I put in the HUD were back in 2008 and I haven't updated them since then. Updating this HUD is a bit more time consuming than it is updating the PoseAnywhere HUD, so I prefer to use and keep that one updated. AnyPose Expression by Phate Shepherd – This HUD is one I feel everyone should pick up. Not only is it FREE but it really helps with positioning the eyes during photo sessions. It also has facial and hand expressions built in but I don't use these because I wear mesh hands and because I prefer the facial expressions that come with my Mystitool. I don't keep this HUD continuously attached, only when I need it. Animare Pose & Animation System by YT Recreant – I have a really deep love and appreciation for this HUD because it has saved me SO many times since I bought it. It's one of my all-time favorite HUDS and I noticed that I've been using it in almost every photoshoot. It helps me adjust poses, so if there is a hand that's in my hip or something else that is off, I can easily fix it with a few clicks. The only thing I wish this HUD also did was let me position other people as well. If you know of a HUD like that, please tell me! Of course you can use this HUD for a lot more than just correct positioning like I do, you can use it to create whole poses and animations on your own. I've never tried that before though. I've also blogged about Animare before back in 2012. MystiTool by Mystical Cookie – Finally we get to my beloved MystiTool. This was the first HUD I ever bought back in 2007 and I haven't stopped using it since. It just has so many features from the full sim radar, emotes, movelock, rezzers, av toys and so much more. I don't think I have even used all of the features it comes with. I know a lot of people say this HUD is old and dated and clunky, but it has never given me any problems and it doesn't feel dated to me at all. In fact I've received many free updates for it throughout the years that the designer was so kind enough to send. Definitely worth every linden!
I know some of the functions these HUDs provide me with may be available in different viewers already, but since I stick with using the official viewer, to me these tools are essential.
So these are my favorite tools that I use the most often. What tools do you use? If you don't have any favorite tools, then feel free to just share a screenshot of your viewer and talk about how you like it setup or if there are any tricks and tips you have for a smoother SL experience.
Please remember that you can participate in any of the memes/challenges at any time. You'll find them all under my Blog Challenges category along with other memes and challenges I've done over the years.
Monday is Martin Luther King Jr. Day in the US so I have it off. I'll be out causing trouble in RL so I'm posting the meme early. Hope you guys have a fabulous week! <3 What I'm wearing: *Skin: -Glam Affair - Mokatana - Jamaica 01 E by Aida Ewing (@ Collabor88)
*Eyes: IKON Promise Eyes – Hazel by Ikon Innovia (@ FaMESHed)
*Hair: TRUTH HAIR Esperanza by Truth Hawks
*Dress: Maitreya Vintage Lace Gown – Bridal by Onyx LeShelle (@ Collabor88)
*Necklace: Zaara : Nizam Pearl choker *white* by Zaara Kohime
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
× Snyder halts Syrian refugee efforts following Paris attacks
MICHIGAN — Following Friday's deadly terrorist attacks in Paris linked to ISIS, Gov. Rick Snyder said he's made the decision to suspend efforts to bring Syrian refugees to Michigan.
While acknowledging the state's “rich history of immigration” Snyder said the first priority needs to be protecting the safety of the state's residents.
“Given the terrible situation in Paris, I've directed that we put on hold our efforts to accept new refugees until the U.S. Department of Homeland Security completes a full review of security clearances and procedures,” Snyder said in a statement released to media Sunday.
“There will be difficult days ahead for the people of France and they remain in our thoughts and prayers. It's also important to remember that these attacks are the efforts of extremists and do not reflect the peaceful ways of people of Middle Eastern descent here and around the world.”
A spokesperson for the Governor said the decision had been made on Saturday after speaking with administrative and legislative leaders.
Snyder has a well documented history of supporting immigration having established the Michigan Office for New Americans in 2014. This year he declared a week in September to be recognized annually as ‘Welcoming Week' in Michigan for immigrants.
As recently as this past September, Snyder expressed support and interest in working with the federal government to accept refugees fleeing a war-torn Syria in the Middle East, the Detroit News reported.
The discussions were prompted following an earlier announcement in September from the Obama administration saying the U.S. would take in 10,000 Syrian refugees by September 2016.
On Sunday it was revealed that at least one of the Paris terrorists who killed more than 120 people on Friday entered Europe as just another face in the crowd — embedded in the current wave of Syrian war refugees, CNN reports.
European officials now believe a new professional squad of terrorists is inserting itself into some of the migrant voyages fleeing Syria to Europe.
The singer then says: 'Or, if you're like me, I sleep naked,' before ripping away her pajamas to go nude
She adds: 'In the name of democracy, any just-out-of-bed look is A-OK'
Perry then starts walking to a nearby polling station in her nightwear
Hillary supporter declares: 'This year, you can look like s*** when you vote'
Start of clip shows her waking up in patriotic
Her boyfriend Orlando Bloom recently attracted headlines when he was photographed paddle boarding in the nude during the couple's summer getaway.
Now Katy Perry appears to be taking a leaf out of her British beau's book, after stripping naked in a new Funny Or Die video urging fans to vote in the US general election.
In the clip, the 31-year-old singer is seen waking from her slumber sporting patriotic pajamas and messy bed hair, complete with popcorn and a lollipop as she declares: 'I've got some great news: This year, you can look like s*** when you vote.'
Scroll down for video
Arresting performance: Katy Perry is seen getting arrested after stripping naked at a polling station in a new parody video for Funny Or Die, urging fans to vote in November's elections
Katy, an avid Hillary Clinton supporter, then walks to her polling station, passing other voters in their nightwear as she explains: 'Yep, I've briefly scanned the Constitution, and nowhere does it say that you can't just roll out of bed and come to the polls in whatever state you woke up in.
'In the name of democracy, any just-out-of-bed look is A-OK.'
She then proceeds to give examples of what is acceptable, including child's onesie, hunk in kid's briefs, that free XL, T-shirt you got from your bank and covered in slime.
'Let those babies loose!' The singer strips off her clothes at a polling station in an effort to prove that voters can cast their vote in whatever state of undress they choose
Long arm of the law: As Katy stands defiantly, a pair of police officers quickly intervene
The Kissed A Girl Singer then spices things up a notch as she declares: 'Or, if you're like me, I sleep naked,' before ripping away her pajamas to go nude.
With bars protecting her modesty, Katy grins cheekily at the camera as fellow voters gasp and a man behind her drops to the ground in astonishment.
'Yep, let those babies loose,' she booms, before a pair of police officers strolled over, with one cutting in: 'Alright, ma'am. That's enough of that.'
Star spangled banner: The video starts with the star waking up in a set of patriotic pajamas
Hair we go again: She woke up with a head full of popcorn - and even an attached lollipop
Scan: She jokes that she 'briefly scanned' through the Constitution and has realised that there are no restrictions on what people can wear when they step out to vote
'No, I read the Constitution and I know I have the right to vote naked, she protests, to which the other arresting officer responds: 'Did you read it, or did you just briefly scan it?'
Katy is then led to a police car, where she finds herself sharing the backseat with a buff and shirtless Joel McHale, who reacts: 'You too?'
Leaning out of the window, Katy yells to the camera, before being whisked away: 'Scratch that. Gotta wear clothes. My bad. See you at the polls November 8th.'
Let's face it...: Katy's usually flawless makeup was in need of much sprucing up in the clip
Hey there! She eventually finds herself thrown into the back of a police car with Joel McHale
Last ditch attempt: After realising her error, the singer makes a final plea for fans to vote
The video was released on Tuesday, and a day earlier, Katy sent out a tweet and a teaser image, declaring that she was hoping to change the world with her clip.
The tweet posted alongside the still read: 'TOMORROW, I USE MY BODY AS CLICK BAIT TO HELP CHANGE THE WORLD (sic).'
Katy's picture - which featured the Rise singer standing naked in a polling station with most of her body blurred out - included written text that read: 'Katy Perry votes naked tomorrow.'
The Dark Horse hitmaker is a very vocal supporter of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
Naked ambition: Katy took to Twitter on Monday to announce that she'd be released a video of herself naked the following day in a bid to 'change the world'
Will she get your vote? The star is hoping her new video will send more voters to the polls
The US Presidential debate was broadcast on the same day as the Roar hitmaker posted her naked video still, and the star had no hesitation in tweeting her thoughts on the event, expressing her adoration and backing for the 68-year-old candidate.
As of yet, it is unclear how Katy intends to 'change the world' with her actions, but she recently revealed that one of the main things she is interested in is the improvement of women's rights.
Asked recently on Twitter what she wanted to hear Clinton and her Republican rival Donald Trump debate, she said: 'National security, gun control, police reform, excess incarceration and women's rights.'
She's with her: Katy is a vocal supporter of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton
Face off: Hillary faced off against Republican nominee Donald Trump during the highly anticipated presidential debate at New York's Hofstra University on Monday
Remember all the fuss over Mitt Romney's secret tax returns during the Presidential campaign? We knew he was wealthy. We knew he had a low marginal tax rate. But the more Mr. Romney refused to hand over his returns, the more the public clamored for them. And one man's alleged scheme could have blown that story wide open.
But now it is having a considerably less glorious end. Michael Mancil Brown was indicted on extortion and wire fraud charges over Mitt Romney's tax returns. All told there are six counts of wire fraud and six of extortion. The indictment reveals Brown's alleged scheme to defraud Romney and PricewaterhouseCoopers by falsely claiming he had purloined the Romney returns from the PricewaterhouseCoopers computer network.
Brown is alleged to have sent a demand letter asking for $1 million worth of Bitcoin or the returns would go public. But here's where the alleged scheme gets even better. The letter is alleged to have also invited interested parties wanting the Romney tax documents to be released to contribute $1 million to another Bitcoin account. Pay to keep them quiet, or pay to release them, and may the highest Bitcoin bidder prevail?
Mr. Brown is alleged to have delivered similar letters to Democratic and Republican party offices, and to have posted notices on Pastebin.com. Of course, the treasure trove of tax returns never surfaced. But some of the letters apparently claimed there were two decades' worth of Romney tax returns.
Why were Mitt Romney's tax returns such a major issue? Tax returns are private and releasing them is not required by law, not even for presidential candidates. Yet for decades candidates have made a show of doing so, not only for the Nation's highest office.
It seemed unrealistic to believe Romney could be elected to the White House while refusing to release them. It was already a strike against Romney that he is wealthy, one of the wealthiest ever to run for President. See Don't Call Me Gordon Gekko. When one added his reluctance to release his tax returns, Mr. Romney seemed to march to a decidedly different drummer.
In any case, perhaps today Mr. Romney is gratified to know that someone was indicted over the tax returns for Bitcoin scheme. Or perhaps it's a painful reminder of the relentless push to get his tax returns. Either way, one player in the foiled drama that surely wishes it had no part in the alleged scheme is Bitcoin.
Poor Bitcoin. Bitcoin was presumably the alleged payment medium because of its anonymity. The digital currency has been slammed of late by state regulators, and just can't seem to catch a break. See States Put Heat on Bitcoin. Banking regulators in California and New York have issued letters telling the companies that they need to follow the state rules or prove the rules don't apply. And even if we don't hear much more about the Mitt Romney tax return scheme, we'll surely hear more about Bitcoin.
You can reach me at Wood@WoodLLP.com. This discussion is not intended as legal advice, and cannot be relied upon for any purpose without the services of a qualified professional.
Family Expected A bit More From Grandfather's Dying Wisdom
In an underwhelming attempt to impart some kind of life lesson to his surviving relatives before passing away peacefully last Sunday evening, sources confirmed that area grandfather Harold Gargery's words of dying wisdom fell “noticeably short” of expectations.
The 87-year-old's last words, which presented no mystery, splendor, or elevated understanding of human existence, were described by those present during his final hours as “regrettably banal” and “thoroughly unimaginative… probably lifted from It's A Wonderful Life or some feelgood parade of clichés like that.”
Reportedly, Gargery's extended family were sorely disappointed that in his nearly nine decades on this planet, the retired civil engineer had failed to develop any unique perspective on life that went beyond the sophistication of a mid-rate Hallmark greeting.
“Harold was a good man,” said his wife of 58 years, Debora Gargery. Yet sources confirm that witnessing his dying breath wasn't nearly as disheartening for Gargery's wife as hearing his stale, uninspiring last words.
“Harry was a war vet for crying out loud. There must've been something worth saying hidden up his sleeve–– something about a forgotten love child from the Korean War, or even a stage-whispered diatribe against Obamacare,” his wife added.
Reportedly, Gargery's death will be remembered by his family as “tragic, but not nearly as much of a loss as it could have been had he held any sort of poignant wisdom whatsoever.” “I don't want to speak ill of the dead,” said son James Gargery, 48. “But I flew all the way out here from Seattle for Dad's last days, so you can't blame me for expecting a little more flair from the guy's last words. A little showmanship, you know?”
“Dad really just phoned it in with this one,” James added.
Reportedly, the family had difficulty recalling the dying man's exact words. “It was something to the tune of, be true to yourself, or, listen to your heart, but I really don't remember,” James admitted. “Honestly, I feel like most of what he said was just based off of Thoreau or something he read in a travel magazine.”
“And that really bums me out too,” he continued. “I was hoping to prove my father was a role model for my kids, but now I'm just hoping they think I got more of Mom's good genes instead.”
Even the youngest of the Gargery family seemed underwhelmed by her grandfather's last remarks. “I was really hoping to take away something about how to treat people, or what it means to love,” said Emily Gargery, 11.
“Now I guess I just have to wait another couple months until Nana dies.
A critical zero-day vulnerability has been discovered in all versions of Apple's OS X operating system that allows hackers to exploit the company's newest protection feature and steal sensitive data from affected devices.
With the release of OS X El Capitan, Apple introduced a security protection feature to the OS X kernel called System Integrity Protection (SIP). The feature is designed to prevent potentially malicious or bad software from modifying protected files and folders on your Mac.
The purpose of SIP is to restrict the root account of OS X devices and limit the actions a root user can perform on protected parts of the system in an effort to reduce the chance of malicious code hijacking a device or performing privilege escalation.
However, SentinelOne security researcher Pedro Vilaça has uncovered a critical vulnerability in both OS X and iOS that allows for local privilege escalation as well as bypasses SIP without kernel exploit, impacting all versions to date.
Bypass SIP to Protect Malware
The zero-day vulnerability (CVE-2016-1757) is a Non-Memory Corruption bug that allows hackers to execute arbitrary code on any targeted machine, perform remote code execution (RCE) or sandbox escapes, according to the researcher.
The attacker than escalates the malware's privileges to bypass SIP, alter system files, and then stay on the infected system.
"The same exploit allows someone to escalate privileges and also to bypass system integrity," the researcher explains in a blog post. "In this way, the same OS X security feature designed to protect users from malware can be used to achieve malware persistency."
By default, System Integrity Protection or SIP protects these folders: /System, /usr, /bin, /sbin, along with applications that come pre-installed with OS X.
Easy-to-Exploit and Tough to Detect-&-Remove
According to Vilaça, the zero-day vulnerability is easy to exploit, and a simple spear-phishing or browser-based attack would be more than enough to compromise the target machine.
"It is a logic-based vulnerability, extremely reliable and stable, and does not crash machines or processes," Vilaça says. "This kind of exploit could typically be used in highly targeted or state-sponsored attacks."
The most worrisome part is that the infection is difficult to detect, and even if users ever discover it, it would be impossible for them to remove the infection, since SIP would work against them, preventing users from reaching or altering the malware-laced system file.
Although the zero-day vulnerability was discovered in early 2015 and was reported to Apple in January this year, the good news is that the bug doesn't seem to have been used in the wild.
Apple has patched the vulnerability, but only in updates for El Capitan 10.11.4, and iOS 9.3 that were released on 21st March.
Other versions do not appear to have a patch update for this specific vulnerability from Apple, meaning they are left vulnerable to this specific zero-day bug.
Being a brutally conscious writer and historian, BAFTA and MOBO award winning artist Akala brings more to the UK rap game than most. As a result, his music often makes you feel like you should know more, or at least care more, about pretty much everything that's going on around you.
Knowledge is Power Vol 2 is his fifth studio album, and while the North London rapper sounds decidedly wiser, he doesn't sound like he's losing any of the fire in his chest, coming out with bars that pack more punch than a drunk Mike Tyson at a pinata party.
This is all the boom-bap you need for a weekend, and you should cop it now. Stream above.
Knowledge is Power Vol 2 is out on March 30th, and you can pre-order it here.
We are used to seeing the epic, awe-inspiring, perfect photos from the golden age of NASA, during the Mercury, Gemini, and Apollo missions. Those are not the photos that you will find in Drewatts Bloomsbury's auction. These are all pretty shitty—poorly exposed, badly framed, out of focus, or just plain boring.
But while these photos would not be featured in a book like Full Moon, some may argue that many of them feel like art. In fact, for the Instagram, post-vanguardist generations, these images are art—like their blurry, oversaturated pictures of their feet and food.
Advertisement
The reality is that these images weren't intended to be this way. These were supposed to be picture perfect and scientifically valuable, informational, not artistic. But it's hard to take photos in space. Crap pictures were bound to happen. Some of them are just plain boring—"I meant to take a photo of my astronaut pal, but that's what I got: A crappy skewed photo of a rock and two legs." It is ok. Astronauts are humans, just like us. Even Ansel Adams took crappy pictures. We just saw the good ones.
We turn these photos into beautiful objects worth buying because we project ourselves into them, because of the subject matter. They resonate within many of us because they were taken in freaking space—and on the Moon! That makes them better and more interesting than any of the stupid photos I (and most humans) have ever taken.
Above: Geology at Spur Crater's Station 7, EVA 2, Apollo 15, August 1971
Advertisement
Bluish halo around Alan Bean exploring the Ocean of Storms, EVA 1, Apollo 12, November 1969
Close-up of David Scott covered with lunar dust, EVA 2, Apollo 15, August 1971
Advertisement
Charles Duke assembling a double core near the Lunar Rover, EVA 3, Apollo 16, April 1972
Lunar Ionosphere and Atmosphere detector, EVA 1, Apollo 12, November 1969
Advertisement
Charles Duke at the front of the Lunar Rover, EVA 3, Apollo 16, April 1972
John Young changing a film magazine in the Hasselblad camera, Apollo 16, EVA 2, April 1972
Advertisement
First deep space EVA on August 5, 1971, by Al Worden
Advertisement
The LM reflects a circular flare, EVA 1, Apollo 14, February 1971
Sun glare over Alan Bean carrying scientific equipments out from the LM, EVA 1, Apollo 12, November 1969
Advertisement
Alan Shepard on the lunar surface, EVA 1, Apollo 14, February 1971
Advertisement
Astronaut Alan Bean taking his first step on the lunar surface, EVA 1, Apollo 12, November 1969
Pete Conrad and the American flag on the Ocean of Storms, Apollo 12, November 1972
Advertisement
Ronald Evans' EVA, the last in deep space, Apollo 17, December 1972
Advertisement
The ascent stage of the Lunar Module returning from the Moon, Apollo 17, December 1972
Portrait of astronaut Eugene Cernan, explorer of another world, Apollo 17, December 1972
Advertisement
First US Spacewalk - Ed White's EVA over New Mexico, Gemini 4, 3 June 1965
Advertisement
Pete Conrad and two US spacecrafts on the surface of the Moon, Apollo 12, November 1969
In-flight portrait of astronaut Charles Conrad, Gemini 5, 21 August 1965
Advertisement
John Glenn inside the Friendship 7 capsule
The Earth illuminated by the Sun during the first orbit, Gemini 3, March 1965
Advertisement
Buzz Aldrin carrying experiment packages, Apollo 11, July 1969
First US Spacewalk - Ed White's EVA over South California, Gemini 4, 3 June 1965
Advertisement
Neil Armstrong practices a moonwalk, Apollo 11, June 1969
Alan Sheppard practicing
Advertisement
Safe landing of the Command Module and recovery of the astronauts in the Pacific Ocean, Apollo 13, April 1970
The LM "Challenger" seen from the Lunar Rover during the return to the landing site, EVA 3, Apollo 17, December 1972
Advertisement
Thomas Mattingly's spacewalk during the return from the Moon, Apollo 16, April 1972
Advertisement
Last photograph taken on the lunar surface, EVA 3, Apollo 15, August 1971
The Lunar Rover seen from every angle, EVA 3, Apollo 15, August 1971
Pope Francis called for a week of action and prayer for refugees, starting on the anniversary the Christian fleet defeating the Islamic invasion of Europe.
Francis called for the week of prayer as part of a two-year initiative, Share the Journey, launched with Caritas Internationalis (CI) — a Catholic relief and social services organization — on Wednesday to aid refugee families and spread Catholic social teachings, according to America Magazine. The week of prayer will begin Oct. 7, the anniversary of the 1571 Battle of Lepanto when the Christian fleet formed by countries of the Holy League and various Papal states defeated the Ottomans and turned the tide against the Muslim conquest of Europe.
The Catholic Church celebrates the victory of that battle as the Feast of Our Lady of Victory, remembering the battle as the day the Blessed Virgin Mary interceded on behalf of the Christian forces to halt the Islamization of Europe. (Related: One Million Catholics To Join Mass Rosary On Poland's Border)
The timing seems ironic, given that the majority of refugees fleeing to Europe are Muslim and that Cardinal Luis Antonio Tagle, president of CI, has admonished governments to “keep your doors open” and not turn refugees away. Tagle's appeal may find opposition among certain communities, like those in Germany who have dealt with Salafist Muslim gangs, or those in Sweden where Islamic extremists have dominated several communities where police fear to tread. Even Italy has stopped refugee migration from Libya and begun working instead with Libyan militias to cease migrant traffic, though Francis gave his approval to Italy's move.
The initiative, according to Tagle, aims to create a “culture of encounter” between migrants and refugees and the communities into which they move.
“Fear comes first from the unknown,” Tagle said. “Many people who are against migration or receiving migrants have not even met a real migrant or a real refugee, have not even touched the hand of someone forced to flee a war, have not even smelled the misery of these people. So we wonder, ‘What are you afraid of? Where is this fear coming from?'”
The fear Tagle references, however, appears to come from both migrants and the residents of the communities in which they live, based not only on cultural unfamiliarity but also on adversarial encounters and high profile terrorist attacks perpetrated by migrants.. Failure of Muslim migrants and refugees to culturally integrate with their new European communities, coupled with migrants' experiences of rising social discrimination, however, has led to increased tension between them. (Related: Anti-Islamic Discrimination Rising In Countries Attacked By Jihadis)
Caring for refugees and migrants is necessary according to Catholic teaching, Joan Rosenhauer, executive vice president of U.S. operations for Catholic Relief Services.
“Catholic social teaching has clear messages of caring for strangers, the importance of hearing their stories and understanding their needs,” Rosenhauer told Catholic News Service.
The initiative will focus primarily on sharing the stories of migrants and refugees in an effort to foster understanding as to why the individuals left their home countries in search of better lives, and the struggles they have faced. The 165 development agencies that comprise CI, as well as several other Catholic organizations, pledged to partner globally for this initiative: both to help Catholic faithful explore the Church's social teachings relevant to migrants and refugees, and to spread Catholic teaching to people groups affected by the current migrant and refugee crises.
“The hope is that through the stories that are presented, the images presented, that people will be moved from their place of comfort to a place of encounter. That's what the church is calling us to. That's what the pope is calling us to,” Kristin Witte of Catholic Relief Services told America Magazine.
Francis launched the initiative in light of the 65.6 million forcibly displaced migrants around the world, as reported by the UN High Commission for Refugees. 22.2 million of those reported forcibly displaced are refugees, 55 percent of which come from Syria, Afghanistan, and South Sudan.
Follow Joshua on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Pay-to-Play – a practice in which a politician encourages monetary contributions in exchange for benefits for an individual or company. Paying to play may involve outright bribery, but it usually refers to more subtle payments. For example, an insurance company may make large contributions to a politician re-election war chest and the politician may then be inclined to vote in the insurance company's interest. Paying to play is often in a legal gray area.
After reviewing the 60-minute film adaption of Peter Schweizer's New York's Times 2015 bestseller book, Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich, I had to remind myself this documentary was not about a foreign oligarch engaging in pay-to-play, but about America's former secretary of state now running for president of the United States, bartering the welfare of our nation for personal enrichment.
Schweizer narrates the film highlighting his book's extensively researched rise of Clintons' accumulation of massive wealth during Hillary Clinton's term as Sec. of State. Using causal reasoning, Schweizer links patterns of timing between financial transactions to the personal profiting of the Clintons and The Clinton Global Foundation (CGF). Questionable national policy decisions benefiting donors with contracts, coinciding with donations to CGF as well as escalating speaking fees for Bill Clinton raises a blazing red flag flying over our national interest.
The documentary reveals how a variety of partnerships from the public and private sectors of the Clintons' CGF were granted access to lucrative natural resources in foreign countries. Clinton bartered for businesses by using praise-for-play, assigning legitimacy to the very dictatorships known for human rights violations thereby propping up the oligarchs who were enriching themselves and their cohorts while raping their nations.
Haiti's earthquake crisis was the most heartbreaking and catastrophic example of the Clintons' practice. A Clinton operation from the start, he navigated a nation's disaster into projects that benefited those in his sphere of influence. Bad decisions were made for the Haitians while putting money in his partnerships' pockets.
In January of 2010, Haiti was struck by a massive earthquake. In a matter of seconds 250,000 people died. The south of Haiti had a large segment of its infrastructure crumble. The economy was decimated. $39 billion was committed from international relief organizations in donations from around the world.
President Obama asked former Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush (the latter not mentioned in the film) to assist the Haitian people in rebuilding their own country. Bill Clinton had already been appointed by the U.N. to oversee post-quake aid to Haiti. However, rather than including the Haitian officials who wanted their roads and buildings rebuilt, Clinton and his associates took control. In one instance a contractor's initial bid was to build 15,000 houses for an estimated cost at $53 million; the project ended with 2,600 houses built, costing more than $90 million.
A couple of other striking examples of Clintons' pay-to-play matrix cited by Schweizer include:
Swedish telecom company, Ericsson, was selling its communication products to Iranian firms, a sanctioning offense by the U.S. government. Facing sanctions by several U.S. departments, Ericsson, for the first time, hired and paid Bill Clinton $750,000 for a speech. A week later Hillary made a policy decision that companies like Ericsson should police themselves rather than be restricted by U.S. sanctions.
The controversial Keystone XL Pipeline has been a culture conflict for years. The environmental activists have had the support of the Democrats primarily due to the party's position on the climate change controversy.
Under Hillary, the state department was to oversee the environmental and economic impact on the nation. Precisely at that time Bill Clinton was offered a series of speaking engagements by a Canadian company, TD Bank Investment Crew, one of the largest shareholders in the XL Keystone pipeline, to give ten speeches amounting to nearly $2 million. Three months later Sec. of State Hillary Clinton released an environmental impact statement that largely supported the pipeline. The environmentalists who assumed her support would favor their cause were stunned.
Another praise-to-play scenario occurs when Bill Clinton visits the country of Kazakhstan, one of the world's largest sources of uranium. Accompanied by business associate Frank Guistra, Clinton has a series of meetings with government officials followed by a press conference where he publically praises dictator, President Nursultan Nazarbayev, a confirmed human rights violator, for his human rights record and for holding elections, disregarding that the elections do not meet international standards. Clinton went so far as to suggest Nazarbayev should head a human rights organization.
Following the public event, Clinton, Guistra and Nazarbayev have dinner. Two days later, Guistra gets his uranium mining concession in Kazakhstan. A couple weeks after that, CGF gets $30 million from Guistra, the first of numerous contributions that accumulate to more than a $100 million dollars in pledges and commitments from him.
The screenplay is well written with the content tightly crafted to persuade the viewer that when you follow the money it leads to the reasonable conclusion that both Clintons are void of ethical and moral compasses; that they barter contracts, use meet-ups, and are consistently void of conscience in the pay-to-play context.
The movie initially oscillates between Schweizer, a proficient speaker and narrator, and allegorical clips denoting the law of the jungle that represents a system unregulated by the laws of ethics or society. Maps with pictures of the players and a strand of yarn connecting Clintons' pay-to-play network is interspersed with blood money images reinforcing the meta-message that America's been sold out.
The documentary will be available for free global consumption this weekend prior to the Democrat convention on Breitbart News website, starting Saturday. On Sunday, viewers will have an opportunity to have questions answered with live commentary by author Peter Schweitzer and Stephen K. Bannon, writer and producer, on Breitbart News's Sirius XM show, Patriot 125 channel. Other distribution partners will be announced at a later date.
Expect more left leaning media attempts to discredit Schweizer's investigation like the one by ABC's George Stephanopoulos who while interviewing him insisted upon “evidence” – a “smoking gun”, to which Schweizer answered, “The pattern is the evidence.”
Watch the trailer here:
Appearing on Happening Now this morning, Fox's lead judicial analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano offered up enthusiastic praise for his friend Sen. Rand Paul‘s (R-KY) nearly 13-hour Wednesday filibuster protesting the administration's authority to use targeted assassinations against American citizens on U.S. soil.
“Did he succeed in preventing John Brennan from becoming the head of the CIA? Probably not,” Napolitano conceded. “But I don't think that was his real goal. I think his goal was to open up the eyes of the American public to the attitude of the White House which says that we can kill whoever we want, how we want, without even revealing it to the public, without revealing it to Congress.”
He slammed the White House for failing to properly address Paul's concerns over how we “got here constitutionally” to a point where the administration is leaving open for interpretation their powers to use lethal force against an “imminent threat” on American soil.
“The Constitution couldn't be clearer,” Napolitano continued. “If the government wants life, liberty, or property, it must take it through due process.”
The judge later lamented the fact that drones will likely become a popular tool of law enforcement on American soil, as the Air Force has stated that they expect to receive thousands of local applications for drone use. “It's very, very dangerous that this is not a clear, and crystal, and pristine, and immediate ‘no'” from the administration on whether they feel they have the right to use drone strikes on American soil, Napolitano said.
“Anyone in the government who thinks the U.S. government should be able to do this needs to be restrained and needs an eye-opener. Yesterday, they got it,” he added.
Host Jon Scott then suggested “the Brave New World not that far away.”
“When Aldous Huxley wrote Brave New World, we thought, ‘This is science fiction.' Now it's here,” concluded Napolitano.
Watch below, via Fox:
— —
>> Follow Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The owner of the New England Patriots recently revealed how Donald Trump helped him through the difficult days after he lost his wife to cancer in 2011 and said that his loyalty to the President is a very personal, not merely a political affinity.
In a recent interview, Kraft recounted how Trump and his wife Melania helped him through the grief process when he lost his wife of 48 years and that their friendship had a very close and personal dimension.
“When Myra died, Melania and Donald came up to the funeral in our synagogue, then they came for memorial week to visit with me,” Kraft told the New York Daily News.
“Then he called me once a week for the whole year, the most depressing year of my life when I was down and out. He called me every week to see how I was doing, invited me to things, tried to lift my spirits.”
Kraft also pointed out that he had been close to the Trumps for years before The Donald decided he would run for the White House.
The billionaire's relationship with Trump isn't his first brush with a world leader. He also found himself in an unexpected controversy as a result of a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin, as The Daily Mail reminded readers.
Kraft met Putin at a gala at the Waldorf-Astoria in 2013 where Putin asked about the Super Bowl ring he wore. Kraft made the regrettable decision to take off the ring and hand it to Putin. But instead of looking it over and handing it back, Putin put it in his pocket and walked off as Kraft stood gaping in shock.
The NFL owner recounted a conversation he had with a member of the State Department as he sought to get the ring back.
“I really didn't want this. I had an emotional tie to the ring, it has my name on it,” Kraft said. “I don't want to see it on eBay. Then, there was a pause on the other end of the line, and the voice repeated, ‘It would really be in the best interest if you meant to give the ring as a present.'”
Eventually Kraft gave up and decided it was to be a gift in the pursuit of world diplomacy.
“I decided to give him the ring as a symbol of the respect and admiration that I have for the Russian people and their leadership,” Kraft eventually said of the incident.
To this day the ring remains on display in the Kremlin library.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Things you look at
Back in 2001, the Special Edition's "new high definition widescreen presentation with pink frilly edges" sported a new master print struck from the original negative. Now this Extraordinarily Deluxe Edition cleans up that print even further, then gives it a new transfer that opens it up to a comfy-chair anamorphic 1.66:1, so we get noticeably more image than the previous anamorphic 1.85. As before, this one is touted as "remastered for High Definition," and it does display a slight improvement in sharpness and vividness over its predecessor; however, on this score the uptick is nominal and the Special Edition's image was so good that this new one is an optional upgrade chiefly for the HD-DVD warriors who demand only the latest for their HD players and screens.
Things you hear
As before, the disc defaults to the original monaural audio in DD 2.0, although the DD 5.1 mix is the better option. For the 2001 edition, the audio team mixed the 5.1 track from the basic mono magnetic tracks, stereoized Neil Innes' songs and the incidental music, and added a few new atmospheric backgrounds. This is that same 5.1 track, and it's still quite a lot cleaner and more vibrant than the mono. The frequency range is nothing to show off your cool, expensive sound system with, and while the 5.1 track broadens the scope of the sound elements it doesn't over-indulge the surround effects, which are usually reserved for music and special dimensional tricks such as Tim the Enchanter's long-distance fireball explosions. In fact, we get the surround effects most strongly in the DVD's animated menus.
Oh, and we have alternative language tracks in French and Portuguese (DD 2.0 monaural) for those of you with outrageous accents.
Plus we see subtitle options in English, French, Portuguese, Chinese, Thai, and "For people who do not like the film (taken from Henry IV, Part II by William Shakespeare)." That last one captions the entire movie in dialogue lifted from Shakespeare's history play  and it really, I'm not lying, no kiddin' matches what's being said onscreen. Well, more or less, and often with hilarious results. My hat's off to Jessica Tipping, assistant to Terry Jones, who put in the effort to concoct this feature. (Oddly, the subtitles in Spanish didn't make it into this edition.)
Discs One and Two show off their "Extraordinary Animated Menus with very loud stereo sound." The menus are built from Terry Gilliam's distinctive cartoon art that appears within the movie. The menus also employ dynamic full-range 5.1 surround effects. Fun stuff all around, although a bit tedious once the novelty wears off.
The extras; or, ham and jam and Spam a lot; or, What, the curtains?
Not only do we still get all the extras from the 2001 edition, on the new Disc Two there's material added specially for this edition. None of it is essential stuff, and some of it is obviously there to capitalize on the success of the musical Spamalot, Eric Idle's high-kicking, Tony Award-winning Broadway hit adaptation of the movie. But none of it is a complete waste of pixels either, and the new trivia quizzes are fun. All that and now there's a Disc Three to boot. The extras come spread across the discs thusly, with the new items listed below in ALL CAPS:
Disc One
The movie
See above.
Enlightening commentary by Terry Gilliam & Terry Jones  A full-length, scene-specific audio track from co-directors Terry and Terry, who were recorded separately. First available on the Criterion Collection Laserdisc edition, this engaging, relaxed track is full of director stuff that's informative and entertaining. Reflecting on the history of the production, its details and difficulties, Gilliam and Jones at times seem amazed that they were able to pull off the movie in the first place. Their introspective musings also touch on the nature of Python humor as a team and as creative individuals, and on the history of the Monty Python troupe.
General complaints and back-biting by John Cleese, Eric Idle & Michael Palin  A full-length, scene-specific audio track from the three surviving major players. Again recorded separately, the three components of this track were edited together well, so the only notable omission is the absence of personal interaction between the participants. Thankfully, these veteran professionals don't "try to be funny," they just let the funny happen on its own as they watch the movie and comment. They are generous with praising each other's work, the talents of the late Graham Chapman, and the skills on display from their directors and fellow cast members, Jones and Gilliam. A near-identical complement to the Jones and Gilliam track, Cleese, Idle, and Palin reminisce fondly about the day-to-day production details, the shooting of the scenes, and who developed what bits. Warm and cordial, Palin is the chattiest of the three, and is particularly keen on character analysis. Cleese, befitting his reputation, is the most critical and observant. Idle notes that two of the production's primary investors were Led Zeppelin and Pink Floyd, and we at last learn who played Sir Not Appearing In This Film.
On-Screen Screenplay  "Read the screenplay while you watch the film (or vice versa)." Found on the Subtitles menu screen, this presents a graphical overlay of the script, scene directions and all, on top of the left-hand side of the movie. It's like the English captioning with a film school degree.
"Fascinating Scene Selection feature: all-moving, all-singing, no dancing"  The scene-selection images come complete with scene-specific audio snippets that float from speaker to speaker to speaker.
Exciting "Follow The Killer Rabbit" Feature!  This takes a cue from DVDs of The Matrix and Dogma. When you turn on this feature a white rabbit icon appears periodically while you watch the movie. See the rabbit, click your remote's Enter button, and see Terry Gilliam sketches of the scene in progress and other goodies. If the rabbit is wearing glasses, click to see The Accountants Version  photos of invoices, expense reports, and receipts from the film's production, "specially prepared for Accountants and their families giving the opportunity to see just how cheaply the film was made."
Special feature for the Hard of Hearing  A brief gag in the Main Menu. (Garrett Morris did it regularly on Saturday Night Live back in '75.)
Extra 24 seconds absolutely free!  As if we needed more proof that most of the time "exclusive deleted scenes" are deleted for valid reasons. It's in the Castle Anthrax scene. It gives the deserving Carol Cleveland more screen presence, but it otherwise adds little and breaks the flow of a briskly paced and funny scene.
Dentist on the Job is still here too. Owners of the 2001 edition, mum's the word for the newbies.
And an error on the Special Edition disc, the missing "Mønti Pythøn ik den Hølie Gräilen" subtitle, has been fixed. I'm looking at it now, so you guys at Home Theater Forum can finally, after five years, relax your conniptions.
Disc Two
Sing-Along  Karaoke lyrics (really just the English captions turned on) help you through the complete scenes featuring "Knights of the Round Table" (pure poetry) and "Sir Robin's Minstrels." Plus, visual and verbal instructions on how to use your DVD boxes to chant along with the Monks' forehead-flattening "Pie Iesu Domine. Dona eis Requiem."
Quest for the Holy Grail Locations  Arguably the finest of the Disc Two extras, this featurette is 46 minutes long and in anamorphic 1.85:1. A combination documentary and home movie, it features Michael Palin and Terry Jones returning after 26 years to the Scottish highland locations of the rude Frenchmen, the rabbit's cave, Swamp Castle, Castle Anthrax, the Gorge of Eternal Peril, and Castle Arrgh. Holy Grail's original Production Manager works his way on camera pretty quickly because only he remembers the exact spot where the French taunting took place.
Locations such as Doune Castle and Castle Stalker have become shrines for visiting Grail fans. At the Doune Castle giftshop, be sure to ask for the pair of coconut halves available for visitors to ride around the castle Python-style. The lads shot a startling variety of interior and exterior footage at Doune Castle, and it's clear that the castle's current attendants continue to mine that fact for all it's worth. A Scots stereotype is reinforced for another hundred years when the charming Hyborean giftshop keepers make Palin and Jones pay for a commercial copy of their own script. This feature ends with a recreation of the climactic police round-up scene, showcasing four local children whose fathers were bit players in that scene a generation before. The whole entertaining jaunt is pleasant, casual, and informative.
Sacred Relics:
Coconuts  It's "How To Use Your Coconuts," a short educational film from the Ministry of Foods (Coconut Information Division). An accident-prone civil servant illuminates exciting ways to use your coconuts. Special emphasis on simulated equine motion. (Michael Palin stars in this delightful new feature.) Japanese Version  Here are the French Castle and the Knights of Ni sequences with the Japanese dubbed track and subtitles newly translated back from the Japanese without reference to the original script. Proof that some concepts are not universal. The sacred sake bowl indeed. (A shorter version of this segment originally appeared on the Criterion Laserdisc.) BBC Film Night  It's "On Location with The Pythons," an 18-minute location report made in 1974 by the BBC. Takes us right there for the filming of the French Castle scene. The boys look so young. Graham Chapman smokes his pipe and appears kingly. Terry Jones frets. Terry Gilliam waxes serious. Eric Idle torments an interviewer. And John Cleese was already rather pompous back then too. One of the best supplements in the bunch. Old Rubbish  "A surprise package of mystery items specially included for the mentally challenged." In other words, a short click-through gallery of preview and premiere paraphernalia, concluding with a narrated snip from a high-minded negative review the film received. Artefacts  A half-dozen theatrical posters of various flavors. Photos  A click-through gallery of some six dozen behind-the-scenes snaps. The DVD creative director gets a bonus point for giving every photo an extra icon that returns you to the Sacred Relics menu without having to click-click-click through the whole damn album. Trailers  The original UK theatrical trailer in mono and the 2001 U.S. theatrical re-release trailer in stereo (which is, in fact, simply a technical upgrade of the UK original). Funny stuff. The Cast  An interactive cast directory. Discover how many roles Michael Palin plays! Each Python's list of characters is revealed to boggle the unknowing. Click a character name to pop up a picture of that character from the movie. Connie Booth, Carol Cleveland, Neil Innes and other supporting players are there too. Who played the old crone King Arthur says "Ni!" to? Now you know. Easter egg  Click the yellow Grail icon and read the credits for this DVD edition.
Unshot Footage:
Lego Knights  Sheer snap-tight brilliance. It's the "Knights of the Round Table" song sequence newly filmed with animated LEGO figures, even a LEGO castle, and a little CGI. This was a professional co-production with LEGO Studios. Look carefully to catch the quick salute to the Dead Parrot Sketch. Location Recce  Film of Terry Gilliam and Terry Jones's location scout from 1974, with their commentaries. Actually, it's a short put-on and arguably the one extra here worth discarding. Unused ideas  Terry Gilliam sketches of ideas that were never used. Jesus! Doesn't this guy throw anything away? Imagine Salvador Dalí and Chuck Jones collaborating with felt-tip pens and a stack of cocktail napkins. A lot.
EXTRAORDINARILY DELUXE NEW STUFF
THE HOLY GRAIL CHALLENGE  This menu list of five click-through trivia quizzes comes spiced with graphics and audio clips from the film. They're lengthy and thorough multiple-choice question sets that do not suffer fools lightly: Embarrassingly Easy Quiz for First Time Viewers
Quiz for the Moderately Fanatical
The Appallingly Perilous Experts Only Quiz
The Extra Frightening Dangerous DVD Extras Quiz
Quiz for People Who Don't Like the Film  ("4. Which word best describes you? A. Unloved, B. Humorless, C. Insignificant, D. Sociopath") A TASTE OF SPAMALOT (6 mins., 13 secs.)  A promo for the Broadway musical's Grammy-winning soundtrack CD. Audio clips from the original cast recording get a Gilliam-like animation treatment with cut-out images of Tim Curry, Hank Azaria, David Hyde Pierce, and the rest of the cast. (It's a CD I recommend with some enthusiasm, by the way. Eric Idle will be raking in royalty checks for "Always Look on the Bright Side of Life" until the song gets performed at his funeral.) SECRETS OF THE HOLY GRAIL (1 min., 20 secs.)  A promo for this DVD edition. "The quest is finally over," says the narrator. Yeah, right, mate. THE ALBUM OF THE SOUNDTRACK OF THE TRAILER OF THE FILM MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAIL  Comic text instructions on how to play Disc Three.
DISC THREE
THE ALBUM OF THE SOUNDTRACK OF THE TRAILER OF THE FILM MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAIL  Here's the audio CD of Monty Python's 1975 LP. Rather than a straight soundtrack album, this is a full-on Python effort lampooning a fictitious Holy Grail premiere, "recorded live at the 3:10 showing at the Classic Silbury Hill Theatre." Audio clips from the movie's highlight scenes (complete with John Cleese narrating for us at home, plus audience grunts, snorts, and laughs) are interrupted by broken reels, a grizzly attacking the Sino-Scottish projectionist, a bomb threat, treatises from Pythonesque academics (the Logician is especially memorable), and other funny business from the Pythons, some of it naughtier than the film. Its heritage as a pre-digital-era LP record remains intact with Graham Champan's praise for the "Executive Edition's" Swiss-craftsmanship center hole and, half-way through, his berating "This is side two!" It's a novelty album even by Monty Python standards, and its purpose expired once we had the ability to watch the movie itself whenever we want on home video, but it's a must for completists. (For what it's worth, it has its own Wikipedia entry here.)
Nudge nudge, grin grin, wink wink. Say no more.
Now piss off.
Update - 0055ET: Oakland protesters block main freeway 880...
Protesters in #Oakland have marched onto both lanes of I-800 and set off fireworks. https://t.co/elLHLkem8Phttps://t.co/518p0Dsrlf — ABC7 News (@abc7newsbayarea) July 8, 2016
Police update on suspect...
Caught on tape: 1 Shooter kills an officer...
#Dallas raw footage of suspect firing on police pic.twitter.com/RTdIlQI6yR — Anhkiet Travis Vo (@_TVo_) July 8, 2016
* * *
Update - 0033ET: 1 Suspect in custody - found with suspicious package, person of interest whose picture was displayed turned himself in.
* * *
Update 4 - 1155ET
With heavy hearts, we are devastated to report a fourth officer has been killed. — Dallas Police Depart (@DallasPD) July 8, 2016
Person of Interest Identified...
Warn of possible bomb...
BREAKING: Suspect in Dallas sniper shootings threatened to place bomb downtown: police chief pic.twitter.com/2GvnajmPu1 (NBC News) #3News — Frank Macek (@frankmacekwkyc) July 8, 2016
BREAKING: 11th officer shot in downtown Dallas in exchange of gunfire with a suspect - chief — BNO News (@BNONews) July 8, 2016
* * *
Update 3 - 1130ET - Police Chief confirms 10 Police Officers shot by snipers in Dallas, with at least 3 dead, 2 in surgery, and 3 in critical condition .
This image from tonight's chaos in #Dallas just breaks my heart. pic.twitter.com/QfNrGaQA0i — Matthew Armstrong (@mattarmstrongj) July 8, 2016
BREAKING NEWS: POLICE CHIEF CONFIRMS 10 POLICE OFFICERS SHOT IN DALLAS, TEXAS. STATEMENT: 10 OFFICERS SHOT IN DALLAS pic.twitter.com/NxFIyNq6OA — Michael van Poppel (@mpoppel) July 8, 2016
* * *
Update 2: According to Breaking 911, the Dallas gunman has been described as a black male wearing green ballistic vest with a long gun. Fox adds that 3-6 officers have been "gravely wounded" while according to the International Spectator there is an active situation at the Omni Hotel in Dallas. There are reports of two suspects.
"There are three to six officers who are gravely wounded, according to my sources inside the Dallas Police Department," KDFW's Shaun Robb reported, adding, "This is going to be an international story."
One was a Dallas police officer and the second officer was a Dallas Area Rapid Transit officer, KDFW is reporting. KDFW also reports that police are in negotiations with a second suspect.
Local Fox-affiliate KTVT relayed police commands that the suspect was armed with a rifle in a nearby alley, after previously, the station had reported that at least one suspect was down, following SWAT officers with shields storming a parking garage.
* * *
Update 1: amazing video footage from the scene of the shooting
* * *
Earlier today we said that we expected violent retaliations during tonight's numerous rallies to protest the shooting of Philando Castile, and sadly just a few hours later, we were proven right. According to local news sources, several Dallas police officer have been reportedly shot down during a protest, causing the demonstrators to run out to clear the area. The armed suspect is reportedly on the loose, and police are urging people to avoid the area.
The extent of the injuries are not known.
The shootings took place as a rally and march in downtown was ending that showed solidarity for communities affected by officer-involved shootings this week in Louisiana and Minnesota. Several hundred people gathered at Belo Garden Park in Dallas and marched to the Old Red Courthouse near Main and Market streets, where the rally ended just before the shots rang out nearby at about 9 p.m.
There is no word on whether any civilians have been shot. Police have not released information on any possible suspects in the shooting. DART public transportation service is suspended in downtown due to police activity.
As KDFW reports, an officer on the scene confirmed that at least two officers were shot but their conditions are unknown. The shooting happened just before 9 p.m. as the protesters were marching near Lamar and Main St.
A uniformed officer confirmed that two officers were shot, a Fox News reporter on the scene has reported. G.J. McCarthy of the Dallas Morning News caught video just after shots were fired.
#BREAKING: Our cameras captured several shots ring out during a protest in Downtown Dallas pic.twitter.com/OWOBOOI8Jg — FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) July 8, 2016
#BREAKING: An officer on scene confirms at least two Dallas police officers have been shot. pic.twitter.com/rdfNO9mRzS — FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) July 8, 2016
BREAKING UPDATE: Police are reporting shots fired during the protest march in downtown Dallas. We are working to confirm. — WFAA-TV (@wfaachannel8) July 8, 2016
Update - This shooting occurred during a large demonstration/protest of recent police involved shootings. 1000+ were marching in downtown. — DFW Scanner (@DFWscanner) July 8, 2016
Update - At least one suspect fled, possibly near El Centro College per scanner traffic. Armed with long gun. AVOID THE AREA. — DFW Scanner (@DFWscanner) July 8, 2016
Update - No confirmation on who/how many people shot, but at least one transported to Baylor Dallas. Hospitals notified. — DFW Scanner (@DFWscanner) July 8, 2016
Update - Officers now reporting more shots have been fired. Again - AVOID downtown Dallas, specifically area of El Centro College. — DFW Scanner (@DFWscanner) July 8, 2016
Update - DPD officers report suspect is at El Centro College. Again - completely avoid the area near El Centro in downtown Dallas. — DFW Scanner (@DFWscanner) July 8, 2016
This is a little bit cleaner clip. Shots fired at the #blacklivesmatter protest. pic.twitter.com/DAJVkCll32 — G.J. McCarthy (@gjmccarthy) July 8, 2016
Witness at Dallas protests tells KTVT: “I heard about 20 gunshots in rapid succession.” Watch CNN: https://t.co/HAhU3MmiMf — CNN Breaking News (@cnnbrk) July 8, 2016
Update - Scanner traffic does indicate at least one officer injured in this shooting, transported to a local hospital. — DFW Scanner (@DFWscanner) July 8, 2016
Media please refrain from live broadcasting officer positions. #dallasshooting — Maj. Max Geron (@MaxDPD) July 8, 2016
Live feeds below
Though Michelangelo Antonioni worked throughout the forties (on short documentaries like N.U., about street cleaners in Rome) and fifties (including writing the story that was the basis for Federico Fellini's The White Sheik, and directing his first fiction features, including the penetrating films about bourgeois Italian life Story of a Love Affair and Le amiche), it was in the 1960s that he became a major force in international film. It was also then that he began to typify, alongside such artists as Fellini, Ingmar Bergman, and Alain Resnais, a new European art cinema, expressing a distinctly contemporary ennui. With their stunning visuals, ambiguous narratives, and still relevant focus on modern alienation, Antonioni's films of this period, all starring Monica Vitti, his lover at the time—L'avventura (famously booed at Cannes for confounding its audience with its longueurs and lack of closure), La notte, L'eclisse, Red Desert—have stood the test of time. And his less iconic later films, like Identification of a Woman, have only grown more compelling and mysterious as the years have passed.
The starting page of the global search engine Google in Bulgaria, google.bg, was changed from English to Bulgarian Cyrillic for May 24, Day of Slavic Script and Bulgarian Culture.
The starting page of the Google search engine in Bulgaria, google bg, was launched in Bulgarian Cyrillic letters for May 24, the Day of Slavic Script and Bulgarian Culture, also celebrated as the Day of St. Cyril and St. Methodius.
As of midnight on May 24, 2011, the Google starting page in Bulgaria has the name of the search engine written in Bulgarian Cyrillic – "Гугъл" (see photo).
The starting page of Google is available in Cyrillic only in Bulgaria, and not in other countries using the Cyrillic alphabet such as Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Serbia, Macedonia, which also technically mark the May 24.
May 24 is one of the two most revered Bulgarian holidays (together with Liberation Day, March 3); it is celebrated as the Day of St. Cyril and St. Methodius and their five disciples including St. Kliment.
While St. Cyril and St. Methodius were the ones who developed the first Slavic script – the Glagolitic alphabet – in Byzantium, their most renowned disciple St. Kliment, working in 9th century Bulgaria, developed a better suited version that he named Cyrillic after his teacher St. Cyril.
In Bulgaria, May 24 is celebrated as the day of script, education, science, literature, and educational spirit.
Google has made it a tradition of marking traditional Bulgarian holidays with special features of its starting search engine page. For example, on March 1, when Bulgarians celebrate their own typical holiday Baba Marta or Martenitsa, www.google.bg "wore" a Bulgarian martenitsa.
What is the most brazen political lie ever told? I submit that it is the big lie Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback spread across Capitol Hill on Wednesday, hours before every single Republican senator voted to rush a massive tax cut crafted in secrecy and without public input from experts to a full floor vote by the end of the week.
Here's what the chief executive of the Sunflower State said: "What we did actually worked.”
Advertisement:
Brownback, the walking personification of failed Republican economic policy, lobbied GOP lawmakers to replicate his failed experiment in supply-side tax cuts across the country.
“If you actually looked at what we did, it actually worked for our target,” he said. “Our target wasn't revenue, it was growth. And it did that.”
The only plausible sense in which Brownback can claim his disastrous tax cuts in Kansas worked is that they were passed, and the state's economy was all but destroyed, yet somehow he was still reelected.
Kansas' job growth has lagged behind the national average since 2011. The revenue shortfall that followed Brownback's much-ballyhooed 2012 tax cuts caused the state's budget to hemorrhage so much that two-thirds of the state legislature -- which was still overwhelmingly controlled by Republicans -- passed an increase in the state income tax over his veto. It went into effect July 1 and was made retroactive all the way back to the beginning of 2017, meaning that all Kansas state employees were underpaid for six months of the year. Kansas' debt rating has been downgraded multiple times.
Brownback lied in Washington, blatantly and unashamedly, with a straight face, while President Donald Trump traveled to Missouri, a state that borders Brownback's, in order to lie directly to the good people of the Show Me State.
“Believe me. Believe me, this is not good for me," the president insisted, falsely claiming that the GOP tax plans that will save his family billions "will cost me a fortune.” In reality, heirs to 15 of the wealthiest Trump administration officials stand to save an amount equal to the combined net worth of 18,000 American families at the median point, according to a report by the government watchdog group Public Citizen.
Advertisement:
There are plenty of other contenders for biggest whopper — all of which come from Republicans attempting to do to the entire country what Brownback did to Kansas.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., recently claimed that his cherished $1.5 trillion tax reform bill, which could cost 13 million people access to their current health insurance, is “about giving those families who are struggling peace of mind.” When a member of Ryan's own caucus dared to disagree, declining to vote for the House version of the GOP bill because the elimination of state and local income tax deductions would drastically raise taxes on New Yorkers, Ryan refused to fundraise for the Republican, reportedly in an act of retribution.
In the Senate, Republicans who expressed reluctance over the deficit-busting bill were apparently wooed by Trump's assurances that increasing the debt to give rich people more money is easily offset by slashing the social safety net for poor people — likely starting with the Social Security disability and Medicare benefits so many of his own voters rely on.
“The priority for the moment is middle-income tax cuts,” Trump's Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, told Fox News this week. This completely ignores the Congressional Budget Office's finding on Sunday that what starts off as a modest tax cut for most of the middle class in the Senate version of the bill would actually increase taxes for millions of people by 2027.
Advertisement:
“In every bracket that group as a whole will see tax cuts and so it's just been misrepresented and I hope people will go online and look for themselves,” Sen. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, said when pressed about the bill during NBC News' “Meet the Press” on Sunday.
Republicans are telling the greatest lie in modern politics and they are getting away with it. Trickle-down is a Republican dream that has never worked in reality and never will. Not in Kansas, not in the Land of Oz, not anywhere.
Senate Democrats tried in vain to draw national attention to this fact earlier this month. Their hearing on the financial disaster that Brownback's failed experiment has wreaked in Kansas was overshadowed by a parade of high-level sexual assault allegations, granting the GOP an enormous and unearned gift. Republicans have been able to use these nonstop crises as cover while the mainstream media recoils in horror at Trump's outrageous tweets and the latest in a series of powerful men behaving badly.
Advertisement:
That is why they were able to parade Sam Brownback on Capitol Hill to peddle a blatant lie, one of the biggest ever told in American politics.
"This is exactly the sort of thing we want to do here, in Washington, but can't, at least for now,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said of Brownback's tax cuts back in 2012.
When Brownback eliminated the state income tax for partnerships, limited liability corporations and other similarly structured entities, he promised it would act “like a shot of adrenaline into the heart of the Kansas economy.” That's the same empty promise being offered by Republicans today.
Advertisement:
It's working.
While everyone is focused on the continuing post-Harvey Weinstein fallout, McConnell brazenly flaunted the Kansas failure to pitch his plan to hesitant Republicans. McConnell has short-circuited the normal legislative process with virtually no outraged reaction. Unlike Republicans' failed attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act earlier this year, successive votes to pass the tax bill in the House and move similar legislation forward in the Senate have been met with little protest and self-evidently bored media coverage.
Republicans are on the verge of achieving not only their first legislative accomplishment of the year, but their single greatest goal in a generation. Everyone else is buried too deep below an avalanche of lies to put up a fight. This is why the GOP puts up with Donald Trump in the first place. Bringing Sam Brownback back to push their plan through Congress is just one last, gigantic troll of America. (For the record: Brownback is finishing his term as governor with the dubious distinction of having the lowest approval rating in the country for several years in a row. Considering that Chris Christie is still governor of New Jersey, it's an impressive accomplishment.)
The only Republican who has told the truth throughout this whole debacle has been Rep. Chris Collins of New York, a Trump ally, who at least had the decency to admit the real reason Republicans are so eager to ram this bill through Congress: “My donors are basically saying, ‘Get it done or don't ever call me again,'” he said.
The Calgary Stampeders made a pair of roster moves prior to Monday's late-afternoon practice, releasing receiver/returner Sederrick Cunningham and defensive end Shomari Williams.
“As you're aware, we have some problems with our roster and at (Cunningham's and Williams's) positions we have some depth,” explained head coach John Hufnagel. “I've gotta get some people in here that can add depth to the positions that were decimated.”
Read: Offensive line. Both Dan Federkeil and Edwin Harrison suffered long-term leg injuries during Week 2, then Karl Lavoie hurt his left knee Saturday night versus Winnipeg.
Lavoie was in need of crutches on Monday watching the workout.
“He's having a scope in the very near future,” said Hufnagel. “He'll be out for an extensive amount of time. I think it's three months that the healing process takes.”
The sparkling play of Tim Brown on the return team would seem to have factored heavily into the Cunningham decision.
“We know what type of returner Tim Brown is,” acknowledged the coach. “But no, It's nothing Sederrick did or didn't do. Nothing that someone else did or didn't to. It was just the domino effect.”
Making a re-appearance on the practice field after a day off was receiver Nathan Slaughter, while another, more familiar pass-catcher, national (read: non-import) Jabari Arthur is set to return to the fold after being lopped on cut-down day.
“Jabari,” said Hufnagel, “will be on the horizon very soon. We didn't get anyone injured last week as far as our two national receivers, so Jabari is using his time to get back in as good as shape as he can before he hits the field.”
NO DOUBT
Rene Paredes wasn't second-guessing himself.
After missing a 39-yard field goal attempt and one of those extended convert attempts in the first half, the fifth-year Stampeders kicker, who had been suffering from a sore groin, stepped up with 2:14 left and hit a decisive three-pointer to provide the winning points Saturday.
“Maybe,” acknowledged Paredes, “a little lack of confidence in the first half, but I told myself at halftime ‘It doesn't hurt at all. Go back to your regular routine.'
“I kicked a couple at halftime and everything felt fine, so I guess there was a change of mindset. When I went out to kick that last one, I felt good, I felt strong.
“Sometimes you're going to have to fight through some negativity, but the most important thing is that coach (Mark) Kilam and coach Huff know what I can do. As long as they have trust in me, that's all that matters.”
The 32-yard converts have proven somewhat less than automatic.
“I'm a little surprised (at the misses),” admitted Pardedes. “All training camp I didn't miss one, and I kicked 20 or 25. Then I miss a couple during the season. No excuses. I didn't practice for two weeks, so my focus this week is to get my rhythm back the next two days in practice and do my job like I always do.”
NEXT MAN UP
Given the incredible run of injuries along the offensive front wall, the presence, and performance, of Gary Williams was much welcome.
In the aftermath of Saturday's victory over the Blue Bombers, both coach John Hufnagel and running back Jon Cornish, who registered his first 100-yard game of the season, praised the 6-foot-3, 315-pounder manning the left tackle position.
Williams isn't exactly a newbie in the job, having dressed for 41 games and started 21 for the NFL Carolina Panthers.
“It's a different game, but it really didn't feel that much different,” he said of his first start of the season and second in the CFL. “You have the same type of athletes, everybody's good.
“As I went along I felt more comfortable, in my sets, in my run blocking. I've got to learn off what I did wrong and improve on what I did right.
“I've seen a team lose three centres before. What happened (here) is crazy, but when you're called, you step up.”
gjohnson@calgaryherald.com
Twitter.com/GeorgejohnsonCH
Lamar Austin looks back at the earliest moments of the New Year and remains a little stunned.
Lamar Austin sits with his wife Lindsay and their four children earlier this year. Cainan Austin, who was born on New Year's Day, is being held by his mother.
“It was overwhelming because a lot of people took it more seriously than I did,'' said Austin, now an apprentice for Dover, N.H., Local 490. “I just thought I was doing right by my family.”
Willingly or not, Austin became a celebrity when social media picked up on reports in New Hampshire – where he lives with his wife and four children -- that he was fired from his job as a security guard for missing work to attend the birth of his son on New Year's Day.
The company justified the move by noting that Austin was within his 90-day probationary period after being hired, but it struck many as unfair. Offers to help poured in, but the best one came from Local 490 Business Manager Denis R. Beaudoin Sr.
After reading that Austin wanted to become an electrician, he encouraged him to apply for Local 490's apprenticeship program. Austin took him up on it, filing out the appropriate paperwork and learning he met the pre-apprenticeship requirements.
“It's not that easy anymore to find these opportunities to move into the middle class,” Beaudoin said. “These doors are getting smaller or they don't exist. To find an opportunity like this is a challenge unto itself.”
Austin has been working for signatory contractor Blay Electric in Concord. The company does work in residential and commercial construction and generator and solar installation. That's given Austin a chance to work in a lot of different areas.
“He comes in and does what I ask him to do and there's no complaining,” owner Shaun Blay said. “He's giving 100 percent. All I ask is you're not late, you show up every day and you have a good attitude and he's done that.”
Austin said his apprenticeship has been more difficult than expected because of all the tasks involved, but he isn't complaining. He recently qualified for health insurance for himself, his young son Cainan and his wife and three other children. He's found that he loves the work and the challenges that come with it. He also knows he has a brighter future.
“I really didn't know what electricians did,” he said. “I thought it was simple. But it takes a lot of work to master this.”
Beaudoin noted Austin's next challenge comes in September, when he begins his classroom work.
“If he shows in the classroom what he has shown in the field, he'll be a stellar apprentice,” Beaudoin said.
“It's great that he is liking the trade. That is half the battle. Showing up and willing to learn is the other half. With those two, he's destined to win.”
Austin said all the attention earlier this year made him a little uncomfortable at times, but he adds he probably would not have had a chance at an IBEW apprenticeship without it. He had been talking to a nonunion company about possibly entering its training program, but said it kept telling him to call back and put him off.
When that company heard that Beaudoin had offered him a 490 apprenticeship, it called him immediately to ask him to reconsider and join its program, he said. By that time, he was committed to a career with the IBEW.
“We're the real deal,” Beaudoin said. “We're not offering this as some sort of propaganda. We know where the work is and we want to help him and to help his family.”
Russia's Foreign Ministry noticed “attacks on Russian language” in Baltic states 72 15.09.2014, 15:49
17,997
Moscow has announced its intention to defend Russian-speaking population in the Baltic states from imaginary opression.
Konstantin Dolgov, Russian Foreign Ministry's Special Representative for Human Rights, Democracy and the Rule of Law, has addressed the world community with a request to defend the rights of Russian-speaking population of Latvia and Estonia. He said that at the regional conference of Russian compatriots of Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia on September 13, “Ukrainskaya Pravda” reports.
“We will not be tolerant of the creeping aggression against the Russian language we are observing in the Baltic states. We consider the known moves of Latvian and Estonian authorities aimed at clamp down on the status and position of the Russian language, flagrant violations of human rights,” Dolgov said.
He stated that he finds intolerable the fact that representatives of ethnic minorities in the Baltic states do not have an opportunity to communicate in Russian with the authorities, and also use their mother tongue in topographic names.
“More than 50% of the population living in the major Latvian cities, are Russian speaking according to their ethnic make-up. It is a blatant fact of connivance to the grossest violations of human rights in the heart of civilized Europe!” Dolgov noted.
Besides, the official slammed the policy in the sphere of citizenship in Latvia and Estonia.
“As before, the problem of massive absence of citizenship in Latvia and Estonia remains still acute… We demand the world community to determinedly put pressure on Latvian and Estonian authorities, in order to eradicate this shameful phenomenon from Europe forever,” Dolgov said.
In addition, the representative of the Russian Foreign Ministry expressed concern over “the growth of Neo-Nazi and xenophobic sentiments in Europe”, giving examples of the developments in Ukraine after “the anti-constitutional coup” and “military seizure of power.”
We tend to wish people a happy Christmas in Britain as a cultural nicety without checking whether the person we're addressing actually celebrates Christmas. There are plenty of people who won't be doing anything special on 25 December, whether for cultural, ideological or economic reasons, but I am not aware of anyone, from any background, who takes offence at this offhand, heartfelt well-wishing. Christmas is, after all, no longer regarded by the majority of our mostly non-religious society as a religious festival, but rather as a public holiday when we get together with our nearest and dearest to exchange gifts, squabble, eat too much and watch Miracle on 34th Street again.
I wonder, though, how many people have not been prepared for Christmas this year because of their conviction that the world would end last Friday, as predicted by the Mayan calendar. You scoff, but there will have been a few. The majority of people happily ridicule as superstitious nonsense the notion that aliens from Planet X were going to land on Mount Rtanj deep in the Carpathian range in Serbia (I kid you not: it's on the internet). Most, however, still regard it as unnacceptable to similarly dismiss the 2,000-year-old belief system of millions of Christians.
So what is the distinction? When does a cult become a religion? Is it not simply a case of how long a belief system has been around, allowing enough time for both its mythology and the man-made rules that house it to evolve and mature into a cultural identity. Should I not be free to afford the same respect or irreverence to followers of obscure UFO cults as I do for believers in the established organised religions? Maybe that is what living in a truly open and free society means. The truth is, I am more respectful of the beliefs of followers of the large organised religions, partly because it is not in my nature to offend and partly because it is still a taboo in our society not to.
It would be nice to think that there will come a day when the human race can run its affairs based on shared values of reason, decency, tolerance, empathy, respect and hope without the added baggage of religions or mythologies to justify or enforce them. But that day is far in the future. Until then, we can at least push for a more secular state. That need not mean a godless society, but simply an open one in which everyone is free to believe whatever they want – be they religious, non-religious or anti-religious – and not to force those beliefs on others, but to respect each other's right to hold their own views. Crucially, a secular state is one in which no religious group can dictate the running of government or be endowed with special privileges in law or policy.
Most importantly, living in a secular state should never mean one that is bland and homogeneous. Certainly, it should be one in which those of us who wish to can still celebrate Christmas. For me, this is as good a time as any to remember all that is positive about humanity, not because we seek the reward of eternal life or because we fear the punishment of a supernatural being, but simply because we want to. There were winter festivals of hope long before there was Christianity. "Christmas" is just the name we have given, in our culture, to what has been traditionally a universal human time of celebration across the world.
Just as we don't need God to be good, we don't need God as a reason to celebrate on 25 December. So, happy Christmas everyone, whether you are commemorating the birth of Jesus or simply celebrating the fact that you and I are here because of a wonderful sequence of highly improbable accidents, all obeying the laws of nature, and so we really should try to make the most of it. Now is as good a time as any to share that with all the family and friends who make it all worthwhile – especially since the world didn't end on Friday.
Was our universe created? That is, was it brought into being by an entity with a mind? This is a question I began pondering after my recent inquiry into the end of the universe. (For some reason, cosmic mysteries are best contemplated in pairs.) It is the fundamental issue that separates religious believers, ranging from Deists to Gnostics to Southern Baptists, from nonbelievers. To many atheists, the very idea that our world could have been created by a conscious being seems downright nutty. How could anyone, even a god, “make” a universe?
To get a better understanding of this matter, I thought it might be wise to consult the man who has done more than anyone else to explain how our universe got going. His name is Andrei Linde, and he is a physicist at Stanford University. (He's also an artist and an acrobat, but never mind.) In the early 1980s, the then-thirtysomething Linde came up with a novel theory of the Big Bang that answered three vexing questions: What banged? Why did it bang? And what was going on before it banged? Linde's theory, called “chaotic inflation,” explained the shape of space and how galaxies were formed. It also predicted the exact pattern of background radiation from the Big Bang that was observed by the COBE satellite in the 1990s. Linde has been amply honored for his achievement, most recently by being awarded the 2004 Cosmology Prize of the Peter Gruber Foundation (along with Alan Guth, another pioneer of the theory of cosmic inflation).
Among the many curious implications of Linde's theory, one stands out for our present purposes: It doesn't take all that much to create a universe. Resources on a cosmic scale are not required. It might even be possible for someone in a not terribly advanced civilization to cook up a new universe in a laboratory. Which leads to an arresting thought: Could that be how our universe came into being?
“When I invented chaotic inflation theory, I found that the only thing you needed to get a universe like ours started is a hundred-thousandth of a gram of matter,” Linde told me in his Russian-accented English when I reached him by phone at Stanford. “That's enough to create a small chunk of vacuum that blows up into the billions and billions of galaxies we see around us. It looks like cheating, but that's how the inflation theory works—all the matter in the universe gets created from the negative energy of the gravitational field. So, what's to stop us from creating a universe in a lab? We would be like gods!”
Linde, it should be said, is famous for his mock-gloomy manner, and these words were laced with irony. But he insisted that this genesis-in-a-lab scenario was feasible, at least in principle. “What my theoretical argument shows—and Alan Guth and others who have looked at this matter have come to the same conclusion—is that we can't rule out the possibility that our own universe was created in a lab by someone in another universe who just felt like doing it.”
It struck me that there was a hitch in this scheme. If you started off a Big Bang in a lab, wouldn't the baby universe you created expand into your own universe, killing people and crushing buildings and so forth? Linde assured me that there was no such danger. “The new universe would expand into itself,” he said. “Its space would be so curved that it would look as tiny as an elementary particle. In fact, it might end up disappearing altogether from the world of its creator.”
But why bother making a universe if it's going to run away from you? Wouldn't you want to have some power over how your creation unfolded, some way of making sure the beings that evolved in it turned out well? Linde's picture was as unsatisfying as Voltaire's idea of a creator who established our universe but then took no further interest in it or its creatures.
“You've got a point,” Linde said. “At first I imagined that the creator might be able to send information into the new universe—to teach its creatures how to behave, to help them discover what the laws of nature are, and so forth. Then I started thinking. The inflation theory says that a baby universe blows up very quickly, like a balloon, in the tiniest fraction of a second. Suppose the creator tried to write something on it surface, like ‘Please remember I created you.' The inflationary expansion would make this message exponentially huge. The creatures in the new universe, living in a little corner of one letter, would never be able to read the whole thing.”
But then Linde thought of another channel of communication between creator and creation—the only one possible, as far as he could tell. The creator, by manipulating the cosmic seed in the right way, has the power to ordain certain physical parameters of the universe he ushers into being. So says the theory. He can determine, for example, what the numerical ratio of the electron's mass to the proton's will be. Such ratios, called constants of nature, look like arbitrary numbers to us: There is no obvious reason they should take one value rather than another. (Why, for instance, is the strength of gravity in our universe determined by a number with the digits 6673?) But the creator, by fixing certain values for these dozens of constants, could write a subtle message into the very structure of the universe. And, as Linde hastened to point out, such a message would be legible only to physicists.
“You might take this all as a joke,” he said, “but perhaps it is not entirely absurd. It may be the explanation for why the world we live in is so weird. On the evidence, our universe was created not by a divine being, but by a physicist hacker.”
Linde's theory gives scientific muscle to the notion of a universe created by an intelligent being. It might be congenial to Gnostics, who believe that the material world was fashioned not by a benevolent supreme being but by an evil demiurge. More orthodox believers, on the other hand, will seek refuge in the question, “But who created the physicist hacker?” Let's hope it's not hackers all the way up.
Glamorgan Bakery specializes in nostalgia, packaged up with butter, sugar and cheese.
The place always seems to be busy, bustling with people choosing loaves of freshly baked bread stacked on metal racks, kids pointing through the glass of the low display cases at chocolate-dipped cookies and Texas-sized doughnuts.
On a recent visit, a silver-haired man came in to pick up his cake, which was passed over the counter in a familiar white bakery box, printed with the iconic cartoon baker-with-cake logo, taped on the sides.
All the baked goods are homemade and hand-decorated, which Nauta says helps keep prices low. (Julie Van Rosendaal)
"I have to pick up my own birthday cake," he replies in a Dutch accent to owner Jannette Nauta when she says hello. "It's on Saturday."
He's one of many regulars who have been visiting the bakery for as long as they've been open — 40 years next year.
Tucked in between a bowling alley and butcher shop in a strip mall on the corner of 37th Street and 33rd Avenue, Glamorgan bakery has been in the same place, owned by the same family baking mostly the same loaves, buns, cakes and pastries since 1977.
There are knickknacks in the front window and the rotating display beside the front door shows off traditional birthday cakes decorated with made-from-scratch buttercream icing.
The counter display cases are filled with chocolate-dipped cookies, Texas-sized doughnuts, muffins, pastries and scones. (Julie Van Rosendaal)
Parker House rolls are made daily, and dipped in butter. "Don always gets offended that he has to say 'real butter'," Nauta says of her husband, "because butter should be butter. Same with whipped cream. It's either real whipped cream or it's not."
Their prices seem to be stuck in a time warp of the best possible kind — you'll find freshly baked loaves priced at $2.45 and $3.65, plate-sized doughnuts for $1.80, fancy decorated cupcakes for $2 and muffins for 90 cents.
All homemade and hand-decorated, Nauta credits the lack of high-tech machinery for helping keep their prices low.
"Some people joke that they could put our cookies into their Tupperware containers at home and take credit for making them," Nauta laughs.
Glamorgan Bakery cheese buns are loaded with real aged cheddar. 'In the early eighties, it was the huge thing,' Nauta says. 'They had people lined up out the door.' (@itsmarieclare/Twitter)
Their offerings have stayed much the same, with a few tweaks to accommodate food trends and the whims of a more nutritionally savvy city. "It used to be everyone wanted cracked wheat bread," Nauta says, "and for a while everyone wanted flax.
But in general, nowadays people are just looking for something fresh, that tastes good. Something they can make a good sandwich with."
Their Dutch backgrounds — Don immigrated from the Netherlands in 1973 and Nauta grew up with Dutch parents in neighbouring Glendale, and went to school just down the street — are reflected in the speculaas, sausage rolls, stroopwafel and apple strudel they have on offer, but Glamorgan cheese buns are legendary, shipped around the world to those who have moved away but crave a taste of home.
“We haven't changed our staple — the cheese buns,” says Nauta of the bakery's best-selling item, which she's been making since the very beginning. (Julie Van Rosendaal)
"We haven't changed our staple — the cheese buns," Nauta says of their best-selling item, which they've been making since the beginning.
"There was a pan sitting in the back. It was sort of a loaf pan. Don fiddled around with it with [then co-owner] Rudy, wondering what they could do with it, and came up with a cheese bun made with lots of real aged cheddar."
It was a hit, and their formula hasn't changed. Plenty of bakeries have attempted their own versions since, but most Calgarians agree — there's nothing like the extra-cheesy buns from Glamorgan.
Glamorgan Bakery's cheese buns, freshly proofed and ready to go in the oven. (Glamorgan Bakery/Twitter)
"In the early eighties, it was the huge thing," Nauta says. "They had people lined up out the door."
On an average day, they'll make [and sell] 150 to 175 dozen cheese buns, compared to 75 to 100 dozen of all other buns combined — more at Christmas and holidays that bring more people in.
But their busiest times are during summer and Stampede, when people are visiting and come back to visit the bakery of their childhood, or when parents stock up on cheese buns and swirled raspberry loaves to bring to their kids when they go visit.
"It's all those times when people are visiting, or they're leaving and stocking up to bring home," Nauta says.
One regular customer fills her suitcase when she goes to see her son in China, and Nauta and Don ship buttery Parker House Rolls to another customer who has been serving them at her holiday meals for decades and doesn't want to break tradition even though she's moved away.
Nauta has been using the same family recipe for Glamorgan's famous cheese buns since 1977. (Julie Van Rosendaal)
"People have such a sense of nostalgia," Nauta says. "We have parents who come in and say, 'I was one of the A.E. Cross kids who came here for lunch every day from school, and now I want to bring my kids here and show them what I experienced."
For the Nautas and their three children, who have moved on to careers that don't involve carbohydrates but come back to help during the busy holiday seasons, it's about connecting with their community in a way that makes people feel at home.
"We make a simple, everyday product for families to use every day," Nauta says. "People always ask our secret — the secret is not cutting corners."
Four out of five New Zealanders who receive a summons for jury service are being excused or don't turn up. Yet the justice minister has no plans to change the $62-a-day payment offered to jurors.
And the Ministry of Justice is passing up the opportunity to collect nearly $70 million in fines for jury shirkers.
Figures released by the ministry following an Official Information Act request show that, last year, of more than 320,000 Kiwis called up to a jury, nearly 200,000 were excused for legitimate reasons and 67,000 simply didn't turn up.
Failing to appear for selection carries a maximum fine of $1000 but fines are almost never levied.
Just one fine was issued in 2007, when 70,000 failed to report for service, and none were issued for non-attendance in 2008 when more than 81,000 no-shows were recorded.
Criminal jury manager at the Auckland District Court, Rob Neems, said taking a hard line on fining absent jurors was not the best approach. "The big-stick scenario is not something we want to get into. The person would have to appear and explain themselves to the judge, so there's a huge resource implication."
Jurors are paid $62 per day, increasing to $80 per day on the sixth and subsequent days. These fees – excluding travel and childcare expenses which can be claimed post-trial – totalled $6.4m last year. If all potential jurors who ignored summons in 2009 were fined, it would provide the ministry an additional $67.9m.
Neems would not comment on whether it was worth collecting fines to pay higher fees to those who do attend. However, he said the $62 daily rate cannot be measured against income that a juror might have to forfeit if they are absent from their job. "It's a token of their service. It's an acknowledgement that you're going to be disadvantaged or there's going to be some expense to you for coming for jury service, but it's not a fee that's expected to make up for your lost earnings."
A spokesperson for Justice Minister Simon Power acknowledged low fees could be one factor in why so many people fail to serve. "There's a resourcing issue here. We cannot have a lot of people spending a lot of time chasing people up. A lot of time would be involved bringing these people before the court."
The government has no plans to introduce legislation to enable fines to be issued on an infringement-style basis, which would bypass the need for judicial hearings when levying fines.
Instead, the ministry is focusing on public awareness of the obligation to serve when called up.
Rule changes giving courts the power to defer a juror's service for up to 12 months to allow them to serve at a more convenient time are due to come in from the middle of this year.
At the same time, the catchment area for each court will increase from a 30km radius to 45km, meaning a larger potential pool of jurors could be summonsed.
$\begingroup$
I have taught both groups first and a ring first course.
When I was a post-doc at Rutgers University, I taught their standard introduction to modern algebra course using Hungerford's undergraduate algebra text. I was kind of annoyed at the time that I would (unless I wanted to fight the textbook) have to teach using a ring first approach. By the end of the semester I was convinced that rings first is the way to go.
Full disclosure: That was the only time I've taught rings first. My department (at Appalachian State University) has adopted a group first approach (we use Gallian's Contemporary Abstract Algebra) and I respect those choices. But I still believe that a ring first approach is generally better.
Of course, "better" is subjective and highly depends on the type of course you're teaching and who your target audience is. Generally, intro to modern algebra courses (in my experience) contain a mixed bag of math and math education majors. Math education majors tend to have difficulties with the groups first approach. They see no value in the course content -- with good reason. If you start with rings, the course sells itself. Applications are immediate.
Pro: For rings first is you have immediate access to a large class of examples (number rings, polynomial rings, matrix rings, etc). With groups first you must spend a large amount of time building examples before you can really do anything.
Pro: Immediate applications. There are many easily accessible applications that are appealing to students. For groups your applications tend to be more obscure geometry/combinatorics or cryptography (where arguably it's not applying group theory as much as number theory). On the other hand, for example, with rings you can immediately get into the theory of factoring polynomials and related things that will seem quite appealing to secondary education majors.
Con: A ring's axiom system is longer and more complicated. Honestly, I don't really accept this as a serious con. We teach vector spaces in linear algebra before groups -- even more complicated! The fact that a ring is a group plus ... is typically not exploited in introductory courses. As an example, do you see undergraduate texts mention that the distributive laws are merely statements that multiplication operators are group homomorphisms (under addition) and thus since the identity maps to the identity we have $r0=0$ for all $r$? I think not.
Pro: Rings first, familiar examples are less weird. Every time I teach (groups first) I spend more time that I'd like reminding confused students that $\mathbb{R}$ (and other number rings) is a group under addition not multiplication ("rule of thumb -- does it contain zero?"). When you tell a student that $\mathbb{Z}$ is a group under addition, the immediate question that comes to mind is "What about multiplication?"
I rather enjoyed teaching out of undergraduate Hungerford. He presents the integers and basic number theory first. Then modular arithmetic. Next, he presents polynomials -- you get the division and Euclidean algorithms again. Then quotients of polynomial rings. Now with two very concrete classes of examples in hand (with a lot of concrete calculations behind you) you do abstract ring theory and hit quotients again. By the time you cover abstract quotient rings, you've seen quotients in the context of integers and polynomials so that the abstraction seems like a natural idea. Finally, group theory is unrolled as the next step of abstraction.
I felt that this approach not only benefitted the math majors in the audience (there was plenty of time to deal with abstract systems and write abstract proofs) but it also carried along a large group of students that normally get turned off before you get to define a kernel and homomorphism.
Now if you're just teaching talented math majors -- groups first is more efficient and if they can't handle it -- they should change majors (cough cough). I prefer rings first for a general audience. Groups first for honors/pure math people.
0 Father transforms son's wheelchair into elaborate 'Game of Thrones' Halloween costume
HAVERHILL, Mass. -
Every year, Tom Hardy designs creative costumes for his son, Tommy, by transforming a simple wheelchair into magical and inventive characters.
>> Read more trending news
For one night every year. Tommy goes trick-or-treating in the coolest Halloween costume in the neighborhood. His father has been working around the clock to create this year's “Game of Thrones”-inspired costume.
The Hardy family loves “Game of Thrones,” so it was only fitting that little Tommy would be flying with dragons this Halloween.
The massively popular HBO show got Hardy thinking about how to design a fun costume for Tommy this year.
“Seeing the dragon and then trying to figure out how we could actually get a wheelchair dragon was really a fun challenge," Hardy said.
Now Tommy will trick-or-treat on a white walker dragon, with wings that flap and eyes that glow.
"We're definitely happy with the way it turned out, the details and everything," Hardy said.
Tommy has cerebral palsy and autism, and for years his dad has made sure he has the best time during Halloween with the coolest costume on the block.
We first introduced you to the family last year when Hardy turned Tommy's wheelchair into an X-Wing fighter from "Star Wars." Before that, he was the Red Baron from "Peanuts" and a pirate and SpongeBob Squarepants.
"But when he's in the neighborhood he loves that all eyes are on him and all the kids are smiling, like, 'That's awesome!' giving him high fives. It's great for him. I think he loves the positive attention, not the attention of a child in a wheelchair," Hardy says.
Haverhill boy's wheelchair transforms into something magical every year 🎃 👻 #GameofThrones pic.twitter.com/8in5NL9xcE — Jason Law (@JasonLawNews) October 27, 2017
Hardy's friend Gary Sewell helps build all the costume.
"Makes it all worth it just to see the pleasure and his father, too. Seeing his father's pleasure and being able to do something like this is just very fun," Sewell says.
Hardy said the costumes take 40 to 50 hours to complete, and cost around $75.
The only thing the duo is missing for their creation this year is the fire the dragon will breathe. Hardy said right now they're looking to get a fog machine hooked up in the back of the dragon so Tommy can go trick-or-treating sporting his new elaborate costume.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
According to a new report, Ivy League schools received $41 billion from the government between 2010 to 2015.
According to a release by the non-profit organization Open the Books, which seeks to increase government transparency by releasing documents revealing government spending, the eight Ivy League schools received $41 billion between the fiscal years of 2010 and 2015.
Some are arguing that the spending is particularly concerning considering that the eight Ivy League schools have excessively large endowments. In addition, universities pay no tax on investments gains on their endowments.
Spokespeople for the various Ivy League institutions defended the state funding.
“Since 2000, over 50 startups based on Yale inventions and located in New Haven have attracted over $5 billion in investment to New Haven and surrounding towns,” Tom Conroy, a Yale spokesman, said. “Alexion, which employs 1,200 people in New Haven, is a prime example of Yale's impact.”
A statement from Princeton University attempted to justify the funding by explaining that it finances libraries, laboratories, classrooms, research and financial aid.
Lawrence Reed, the President of the Foundation for Economic Education, shared the report on his Facebook page, asking “I wonder how that might have affected their ideological diversity?”
Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about education and social justice for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart.com
Scientists at the Medical College of Wisconsin, in a team led by Carol Everson, Ph.D., professor of neurology, cell biology, neurobiology and anatomy, have discovered abnormalities in bone and bone marrow in rats undergoing chronic lack of sleep. They discovered abnormalities in serum markers of bone metabolism in sleep-deprived rats, which led them to conduct direct measurements of bone parameters; this time in rats experiencing recurrent sleep restriction during a large portion of their young adulthood.
The results show a dramatic imbalance between bone apposition and reabsorption, marked by an arrest in bone formation without reduced absorption. Furthermore, fat in the red marrow is greatly diminished and platelet-generating cells are doubled in number, indicating changes to marrow plasticity. "If the same processes are evoked in humans," said Dr. Everson, "the potential medical implications are far-reaching and may include poor repair of microdamage from activities of daily living, introduction of osteoporotic processes, and changes to progenitor cells that may affect disease predisposition and disease resistance."
The results appear in the September 2012 issue of Experimental Biology and Medicine. http://ebm. rsmjournals. com/ content/ 237/ 9/ 1101. full . Co-authors of the paper are Jeffrey M. Toth, Ph.D., professor of orthopaedic surgery at the Medical College of Wisconsin, and Anne Folley, now a graduate student at George Washington University.
The researchers observed changes in intramembranous ossification and marrow hypercellularity resulting from chronic sleep loss. "Marrow fat was greatly diminished and reflected increased blood cell production and differentiation. Our findings of increased megakaryocyte numbers, for example, suggest that there is an increased demand for cell delivery to the circulation consistent with an inflammatory response, and conceivably the promotion of thrombocytosis," said Dr. Everson.
Dr. Steven R. Goodman, Editor-in-Chief of Experimental Biology and Medicine said "With increased life stress due to work-related, financial and other issues a large percentage of us are experiencing difficulties in sleeping. While we know that chronic sleep loss can affect our health little specific information has been available on how it may impact bone formation or loss. Drs. Everson and Toth, together with Anne Folley present exciting results indicating that sleep deprivation in rats arrests new bone formation, decreases fat within the red marrow and increases platelet levels. If true in humans, and I expect that it may be, this work will have great impact on our understanding of the impact of sleep deprivation on osteoporosis and inability to repair bone damage as we age".
###
A bit over three years ago, I had my heart set on being a food critic and mystery novelist. I learned about my latent talent in cooking doing school projects in high school, and it took having a little more income and dinners with my good friend to find out that I had more than a knack, I had taste. I also remember finishing Persona 4 when it first came out and loving how it treated mystery. How characters unfolded and evolved over the course of the story; it was less about who did it, rather about who we are when we find out. By chance of transferring schools, I was required to take courses in critical theory and literature, which at the time I didn't think would really be of much use to me. There I learned about the many ways to read, and that you can read anything, not just texts.
So came video games.
It started because I wanted to practice writing regularly. I figured I knew a lot about video games, and people seem to have opinions about them on the internet, so why not me? I wasn't expecting much from it, just to be an exercise while I waited on grad school applications. But things took off in a way I didn't expect: I started to regularly appear on Critical Distance, got a couple of columnist gigs, and found myself in lots of arguments on this thing called Twitter that I never used before. Half a year later, people on this Twitter donated money for me to attend the most central games conference in the industry. I was asked to speak at events before I was writing for even a year, and my alma mater asked me to do a keynote about activism. I was shocked to learn I became an activist.
Thinking about this reminds me that there isn't really a profession of activism. The closest would be a lobbyist, and I don't think that's what I or others are like. Activism is something we all do, we take what we're good at and use it for social justice causes. If me blogging and speaking on social media made some sort of difference, it means I must have been doing other things unconsciously that were activism before all this. It's much more personal and micro than we give it credit for. Many people who stand out as activists, they are just living their lives and often the focus of circumstance. They are speaking their truths, doing what little they can. I know I was only an activist and a critic, and now developer and theorist, because others called me those things.
Three years after I put up my first post, I've decided to not participate in the video games industry anymore. A lot of people treat this as a loss, or quitting, giving up. Video games came as a freight train into my life, an unexpected opportunity I wasn't planning on taking anywhere for a while. I feel like that's what it's like for many people who speak out about important issues in games. The attention of the internet is capricious, and it just takes one viral tweet to become an activist, thinker, public figure, or what have you. Meaning, even when this focus goes away, it might seem like I'm not an activist anymore, but I will be doing a lot of work, just in different ways.
What I think is most important is figuring out what every single person contributes. If I never intended to be an expert or authority, just chugging on posting thoughts until it was time for school again, what stops you from doing activism? It's entirely possible that you are, and you're not recognizing it. I think because I was put into the spotlight, I was forced to examine my actions and intentions, which may be why to the less vocal person it seems like there's so little that they do compared to me. As we see, that's probably not true. There's space in your life for concrete action for what you want, if you allow yourself to open up the definition of activism.
This is a good exercise to decrease celebrity mentality we often put on people; while at times flattering, it's extremely stressful. People assume you're more stable and secure in life than you actually are, more well off, more connected. Fan culture hands all the responsibility to the person on the pedestal, with the expectation that they will be on 24/7 and the audience can be passive and are doing something by just being there to bear witness. This is why there's such a burnout rate for media activists in games, people, typically women, just can't handle the pressure over long periods of time without the proper sustenance. This happened to people before me, and now it's my turn. I don't want it to happen to anyone else.
There are other effects of this fan culture, such as prioritizing the individual over the community, whitewashing the diverse range of thought and action with a few people's politics. This past year, a lot of work and events that I was a part of a team on were solely attributed to me, because this culture wants a clean narrative. We have to resist these motions, and recognizing our individual part in community building is the first step. What are you doing? If you don't know, don't you think it's about time you figured it out?
It's been a long time coming, but it's obvious the games industry isn't the place for me. It is too narrow and slow moving for the ideas and needs I have. There's a reason why my only income is coming from readers, not corporations or customers. A place that has such a rigid view on how to be successful is going to exclude a lot of people, and I'm one of those. There are many other people who might fit into this, though, that can be loud voices while they game the system. I think of Leigh, Zoe, or Anita, or many of the newer voices that will crop up now that larger ones are moving out of the way. They really care about video games as a medium and industry, and want to make it a better place. I've found out that I really care about the expansion and reclaiming of play as a medium, bringing new forms of expression to people who didn't know they had it. To be honest, talking about the video games industry is boring for me now; we've had the same problems, just with varying scales of drama and mainstream attention. I don't want to be treated like a victim, and it's only when I'm abused that people will listen. I'm more proactive, generative, and loving; this just isn't the place for me.
My time writing about video games culture isn't for naught. I didn't know that I would become so fascinated with play as a concept. I ditched design early in life and this was a reminder that, yeah, I can definitely do this, I'm good at it. I will be returning to older hobbies and incorporating them into my newfound interest in play and what play can do to change how we view life. I'm looking back at fiction, mystery, taste, smell, ritual, interpretation, relationships, expression. These are great topics and I hope you all will stick around to explore these with me.
I haven't decided how I will incorporate digital games into my writing and practice just yet. I'm going to continue engaging with video game art scenes and try to get more writing on those. I have made friends with many interesting thinkers and creators in games, and I imagine they will rope me into things so I won't completely disappear. Ultimately, my aim is to get people to think of more than video games when we evoke play, to de-emphasize technology, and to imbue the way people look at life with the potential for play. I think we could use more people doing this sort of work, and I now have the chance to focus on that mission.
Thanks to everyone who's ever supported me and continues to. This isn't goodbye. It's going to be even more interesting from here on out!
—
This article was community supported! Consider donating or being my patron so I can continue writing: Support
On Wednesday, the Mexican Supreme Court handed down a ruling that some experts say could pave the way for the eventual legalization of marijuana, a drug that has spawned countless drug cartels and led to increased violence and organized crime in the country, the New York Times reports.
Here are 5 things to know about Wednesday's development:
The case: Mexico's Supreme Court ruled in favor of four anti-crime activists with the group Mexico United Against Crime. The case, which was opened in 2013, concerned an instance where regulators prohibited the advocacy group from growing cannabis, Reuters reports. The court decided that, in the case of all four activists, denying citizens permission to grow cannabis for personal use was unconstitutional.
"If ... this Supreme Court is taking such an important step toward legalization of drugs, or at least some of them, I suggest that we are equally careful and responsible in crafting a ruling of the same magnitude," Judge Jose Ramon Cossio, who voted in favor of the measure, said of the ruling, according to Reuters. The ruling did not make consuming marijuana legal in Mexico, however it could set the precedent for future rulings that could lead to full-scale marijuana legalization.
Mexico Marijuana Legalization 2015: 5 Things to Know About Mexican Supreme Court Decision More
An activist rally outside the Supreme Court in Mexico City on Wednesday Source: Alfredo Estrella/Getty Images
The precedent: Although Mexican law still prohibits marijuana production and commercialization, the country has taken incremental steps to legalize the drug. In 2009, Mexico moved to decriminalize 5 grams of marijuana intended for personal use.
A valid point: At least part of the ruling hinged on the shifting drug landscape in the United States. Many of Mexico's dangerous drug cartels illegally traffic marijuana into the U.S., where 23 states and Washington, D.C., have legalized marijuana in some form.
"We are killing ourselves to stop the production of something that is heading to the U.S., where it's legal," said one of the case's plaintiffs, Armando Santacruz, according to the New York Times.
Mexico Marijuana Legalization 2015: 5 Things to Know About Mexican Supreme Court Decision More
Forty tons of cannabis was seized from Mexican cartels by authorities and burned in 2014. Source: Alonso Rochin/Getty Images
Mexico Marijuana Legalization 2015: 5 Things to Know About Mexican Supreme Court Decision More
Autoplay next video
When I am an old woman I shall wear purple
With a red hat which doesn't go, and doesn't suit me.
And I shall spend my pension on brandy and summer gloves
And satin sandals, and say we've no money for butter.
I shall sit down on the pavement when I'm tired
And gobble up samples in shops and press alarm bells
And run my stick along the public railings
And make up for the sobriety of my youth.
I shall go out in my slippers in the rain
And pick flowers in other people's gardens
And learn to spit.
You can wear terrible shirts and grow more fat
And eat three pounds of sausages at a go
Or only bread and pickle for a week
And hoard pens and pencils and beermats and things in boxes.
But now we must have clothes that keep us dry
And pay our rent and not swear in the street
And set a good example for the children.
We must have friends to dinner and read the papers.
But maybe I ought to practice a little now?
So people who know me are not too shocked and surprised
When suddenly I am old, and start to wear purple.
Race Diary:
Being on the west coast of the US, I'm watching this online hours after the fact without spoilers. Coverage starts with 107 km left for the lead group. 6-man break made up of Astana's Laurens de Vreese, Lampre's Jan Polanc, LottoNL's Timo Roosen, Cult Energy's Linus Gerdemann, MTN's Johan van Zyl, and Roompot's Mike Terpstra is 7:07 ahead of the peloton.
92 k – Breakaway going up the Cauberg, the peloton has been speeding up, taking about a minute out of the lead group in the last 15 k thanks to Movistar + BMC's Marcus Burghardt.
87 k – Lieuwe Westra abandons and Astana comes to the front just to have Vincenzo Nibali have a problem with his bike, gap between the break and peloton down to 5:30.
77 k – Orica puts someone in front for pacemaking, gap at 4:30.
64 k – Teams are trying to move up to the front, the increased speed has dropped the gap down to 2:50.
55 k – Teams racing to get in good position for the hills and smaller roads coming up, 1:44 to the breakaway.
52 k – Random car on the course going towards peloton, no crashes caused though, gap down to 50 seconds. Group gets to the Gulpenerberg and slows because of the incline, forcing the back of the peloton to get crowded, IAM's Vincente Reynes and Giant's Roy Curvers get into a shouting match.
50 k – Climb too much for some riders, peloton starts to shrink.
49 k – Half of the lead group also falls off, down to de Vreese, Polanc, and Gerdemann. Gap back up to 1:03.
41 k – Terpstra and Roosen get swept up by the main group. Gap at :40.
39 k – The break comes into the peloton's view on the Eyserbosweg, only 15 seconds back.
37 k – The attacks start, IAM's David Tanner and Orica's Simon Clarke catch the breakaway as Gerdemann falls off.
34 k – Gerdemann, EQS's Tony Martin, BMC's Damiano Caruso, Astana's Diego Rosa and Nibali, LottoNL's Wilco Kelderman, and Garmindale's Alex Howes are back of the lead group 15 seconds back. Peloton is 10 seconds behind the chasers.
31 k – Kelderman misses a corner during commercial, goes into a field and is chasing in no man's land. de Vreese and Polanc falls off the lead group. Chase group is 15 seconds behind the break and 30 seconds ahead of the peloton.
28 k – Caruso and Rosa crash on a curve, peloton catch them as the chase group catches Tanner and Clarke. Nibali tries to attack, but Martin pulls him back.
26 k – Movistar lead the peloton to pull back Kelderman and Polanc, 47 seconds back. Tanner takes a flyer, but doesn't get a very big gap.
21 k – 2nd to last climb of the Cauberg, Nibali is pulling the breakaway, Howes can't keep up. 20 seconds to the peloton.
18 k – Going through the finish line for the last time before the actual finish, there's a 15 second gap between the 2 groups.
17 k – BMC and Movistar makes up most of the front of the main group.
16 k – Gap of 8 seconds, Nibali attacks, followed by Clarke and Martin.
15 k – Attack by Clarke, Nibali and Martin don't counter.
12 k – Lone breakaway rider Clarke leads by 15 seconds.
9 k – Clarke is 8 seconds ahead.
8 k – The group absorbs Clarke on the Bemelerberg.
7 k – BMC's Greg van Avermaet and Astana's Jakob Fuglsang get away from the peloton over the top of the climb.
5 k – TInkoff-Saxo is leading the peloton, Fuglsang and van Avermaet have 5 seconds on them.
4 k – Wanty-Groupe Gobert's Mirko Selvaggi and BMC's Ben Hermans get up to the 2 leaders, then all 4 get caught. Orica comes to the front.
3 k – Orica leads onto the Cauberg. Hermans, Lotto Soudal's Tim Wellens, and CCC's Maciej Paterski attack. Hermans and Paterski get a good-sized gap.
2 k -Hermans and Paterski get caught as BMC's Philippe Gilbert and Orica's Michael Matthews race past them. Gilbert and Matthews get a big gap as EQS's Michal Kwiatkowski, Movistar's Alejandro Valverde, Wanty-Groupe Gobert's Enrico Gasparotto, and Katusha's Giampaolo Caruso tries to bridge.
1 k – Valverde reaches Gilbert and Matthews with a gap over Kwiatkowski, Caruso, and Gasparotto. Caruso drags the latter 3 up to the former 3. After a Kwiatkowski bluff attack, the group is going slow enough to let 12 more riders come back. One of those riders is Fuglsang, who surges, but is closely checked by Hermans and van Avermaet. Sky's Lars Petter Nordhaug speeds up and gets passed by van Avermaet as he starts his sprint. Kwiatkowski starts to pass him as Matthews gets out from behind the Pole. Kwiatkowski gets his first win in the rainbow jersey. Valverde rides on Kwiatkowski's slipstream for 2nd as Matthews holds on enough for 3rd.
Winners and Losers:
Winner: Etixx-Quickstep – As great as winner Michal Kwiatkowski was today, 22 year old Julian Alaphilippe brought him into the right position after the regrouping on the flat after the Cauberg, then got 7th in the sprint. Tony Martin played a big part too, having a strong ride in the the breakaway to keep the pressure off his team back in the peloton.
Loser: The Dutch – It was a hard day for riders from the home country, their highest placing was Maurits Lammertink at 21. Tom Dumoulin and Bauke Mollema, riders expected to break the top-10, got 26th and 55th respectively. Outside contenders didn't have any better luck. Wilco Kelderman was looking good getting into a move off the front, then misjudged a turn and rode into a field in route to finishing 62nd. National champion Sebastian Langeveld was hidden the entire race and couldn't break the top-100.
Winner: Wanty-Groupe Gobert – it's not often you see 3 riders from the same wild card team finish within 30 seconds of the winner in a classic. Enrico Gasparotto finished 8th with the same time as Kwiatkowski to continue his streak of starting his season in the Netherlands result-wise. Since he won the Amstel Gold Race in 2012, he has gotten top-10 every year despite only having 4 top-10's in the first 3 and a half months of each season combined. Bjorn Leukemans and Mirko Selvaggi finished 18 and 26 seconds back respectively.
Loser: BMC – Even though the team had 3 finishers in the top-18, they still underachieved. When Greg van Avermaet made a gap with Jakob Fuglsang with 7 k to go, he refused to work when after they got brought back, BMC were at the driving the peloton instead of potentially saving their legs for the finale. When Ben Hermans attacked with Maciej Paterski on the final ascent of the Cauberg, instead of staying on a wheel as the other teams tried to chase them down, Philippe Gibert made an attack that he couldn't make stick, so his legs were shot when the group came back together. Their last hope was for GVA to win in a group sprint, but he started early and got chased down by 4 people before crossing the line.
Winner: The Recon Ride predictions
In their pre-race podcast, my “colleagues” (albeit superior) from r/peloton, Velohuman and Cyclocosm, both picked Kwiatkowski and Valverde to finish 1st and 2nd.
Loser: Random driver
The person that almost drove straight into the peloton in a car on a closed course. I don't think I need an explanation.
Links:
Preview
Results
Full broadcast video
Strava Flyby
Advertisements
Ralph Peters, a Fox News commentator whose junk drawer of TV-ready insults includes “fierce as a chocolate éclair,” “pixie dust president who still thinks he can say something three times and make it come true,” and “he's ugly, he's ruthless, he's vicious, and I don't like him at all, but he's brilliant,” just got suspended from Fox News for two weeks after saying that President Obama is “such a total pussy, it's stunning” on the Fox Business Network on Monday.
It wasn't clear if this was the offense that condemned Peters to two weeks of not offering every single thought that popped into his brain on television, or if the many articles that were published later calling out the “strategic analyst” for using such language were what convinced Fox News to suspend him. During the program, host Stuart Varney told Peters, “I can tell you're super angry but … you can't use language like that on the program. I'm sorry.”
Stacey Dash, a panelist on the Fox News show Outnumbered, was also suspended for two weeks after saying that Obama doesn't “give a shit” about terrorism on Monday. According to CNN, Dash's comment was partly bleeped out, while viewers got to hear an unabridged version of Peters's sound bite.
“Earlier today, Fox contributors Lt. Col. Ralph Peters and Stacey Dash made comments on different programs that were completely inappropriate and unacceptable for our air,” a Fox executive told CNN in a statement. When they return, the commentators will have to return to following the company's unofficial guidelines on how to criticize the president in a family-friendly fashion — like calling Obama a ”moral, physical and intellectual coward,” or “inept, ineffective, cowardly” — or by noting that “if President Obama developed athlete's foot, he would blame George W. Bush.”
Two of the biggest British phenomenon's of the swinging 60′s – Beatlemania and Bondmania were launched on the exact same date and have a strangely antagonistic relationship.
The 5th October 1962, was when the first Bond movie Dr.No was released, and on the very same day The Beatles first single, Love Me Do was also released. Both would change the movie and music landscape forever.
From there a strange relationship would begin. James Bond famously insulted the Fab Four in 1964′s Goldfinger. “My dear girl,” Sean Connery instructed the hapless Jill Masterson, “There are some things that just aren't done. Such as drinking Dom Perignon '53 above a temperature of thirty-eight degrees Fahrenheit. That's as bad as listening to the Beatles without earmuffs!”
The Beatles would get their revenge by taking some potshots at 007 and Bond-style spy shenanigans in their 1965 film Help!, but it was all in good fun. Ken Thorne (who would go on to create the fantastic incidental music of The Persuaders!) composed a winning spy score that took some definite cues from John Barry's Bond Theme. (The instrumentals were available on the American version of the soundtrack album, but sadly not the British one that ended up on CD. The American version was finally issued in 2006 as part of The Capitol Albums Vol. 2.)
Paul McCartney's response to seeing his first Bond film was to go out and purchase an Aston Martin DB5, the same car Connery drove in Goldfinger and Thunderball.
In 1967 the animated Liverpudlians found themselves competing with secret agent James Blond for Pussy Galore… er, groupies… on their cartoon show. (Of course the actual lads couldn't be bothered to provide their own voices.) When Paul suggests that they “open the gate and let the lucky girls in,” the screaming female fans trample right over the poor Beatles, flocking instead to a beaming blond hunk in a suit.
Paul laments, “Where did our fans go?”
A helpful, lovely meter maid (Rita?) explains, “Over to England's greatest detective… James Blond. Number 0-0.”
“Oh-oh-what?” inquires George.
“That's all,” says Rita, dreamily. “When the girls see him, they say ‘oooh, oooh! Heaven!'”
“It's not fair!” complains Paul. “We do all the records and films and some dimpled detective gets all the glory!” The Beatles attempt to cash in on some of that glory for themselves by thwarting a crime in Penny Lane… only to discover (after performing the song to an animated music video) that the crime isn't being committed in Penny Lane, but against Miss Penelope Lane! And, of course, James Blond has beat them to it, and he ends up with Miss Lane.
Record cover for “George Martin and His Orchestra – Beatles to Bond and Bach”, 1978
Two years later, Ian Fleming's widow, Ann Fleming, expressed a grudging admiration for the Fab Four in a letter to adventurer Patrick Leigh Fermor dated November 7, 1969:
`I am very out of touch, and will write a better bulletin soon: depression is in the ascendant, induced by having to pass what Kingsley Amis has written about Ian for the Dictionary of National Biography, and being assailed by the BBC for material for the Omnibus programme they are doing on Ian – I want to kick them all and burst into tears. Improbably, the Beatles have put my quandary into words – a song that goes; `I want to be at the bottom of the sea In an octopus's garden in the shade.'How do the Beatles know octopuses have gardens? I thought only I knew that, there must be more to them than meets the ear.'
She got the lyrics slightly wrong, but the sentiment is there: Ann Fleming found solace in the music of the Beatles at a time when she needed it, which forced her to reconsider her apparently disdainful opinion of their music. Perhaps James Bond and the Beatles could get along after all?
Not if Bond producer Harry Saltzman had his way. Saltzman still wasn't won over. In his autobiography, My Word is My Bond, Roger Moore recounts an oft-told story about how the producer was displeased with Paul McCartney's title song for Moore's first Bond movie, the 1973 entry Live and Let Die:
`When Harry first heard the song, he said he didn't like it but – perhaps reserving final judgement – turned to [composer and former Beatles producer] George Martin and said, ‘So, who are we gonna get to sing it?' George Martin diplomatically told Harry that he already had one of the biggest recording artists of all time singing it.'
Martin was now scoring Bond, and the Beatles got the last laugh when McCartney's Live and Let Die (performed with his new band, Wings) charted instantly and went on to become one of the best-known Bond songs of the entire series, covered over the years by the likes of Guns'n'Roses, Chrissie Hynde, Geri Halliwell and, most recently, Duffy.
A permanent truce was finally formed between the rival Sixties icons via marriage when Ringo Starr wed Bond Girl Barbara Bach in 1981 (below).
Paul McCartney and Wings performing Live and Let Die live:
instructions for opening a yuan bank account here in New York; it seems very easy indeed. " data-share-img="" data-share="Twitter,facebook,linkedin,reddit,google,mail" data-share-count="false">
I've been looking at the instructions for opening a yuan bank account here in New York; it seems very easy indeed. Just like a normal US dollar account, it's FDIC insured, and it pays no interest. So, should New Yorkers with dollar savings convert some part of them to yuan?
On the face of it, the trade is a reasonably attractive one. The Secretary of the Treasury is still complaining loudly that the yuan is undervalued, which means that when you buy it at the current exchange rate, you're getting a bargain. A Chinese revaluation is going to happen at some point, and when it does, you'll make money.
On top of that, there's a simple diversification benefit. The dollar is still the main global currency, but there's no harm in putting a few eggs in various different baskets just in case.
It's possible that you'd be better off staying in dollars, of course. Inflation in China is rising, and if the Chinese central bank fails to bring inflation under control, then the real exchange rate could appreciate substantially even if the nominal exchange rate doesn't move. On the other hand, if the Chinese central bank does bring inflation under control, it will do so by tightening monetary policy, which will put even more upward pressure on the yuan.
It seems to me that the downside is limited, here. As Standard Chartered's Robert Minikin told Chris Nicholson, “China sees the global financial system as too U.S.-centric and dollar dependent.” As a result, it has every incentive to do reasonably well by those buying yuan, even if China itself is still buying dollars at a rate of $2 billion a day.
The news of the existence of this bank account is only spreading now, but in fact it has been available for the best part of a year already, over which period a saver would have done pretty well, in dollar terms. My feeling is that nothing has really changed, and that if the yuan appreciates by say 6% this year, that's still a much better return than you'll get on any dollar CD.
Heavy rains last Friday and Saturday led to the closure of a section of Route 59 in West Nyack for much of Saturday. It is the same stretch of roadway that flooded frequently before the New York State Department undertook a massive $31 million rebuilding of the highway that was completed in October 2012. Local state representatives want to know why flooding reoccurred after such a major project.
Assemblyman Ken Zebrowski (D-New City) and Senator David Carlucci (D-Nanuet) sent a letter on Tuesday to state Department of Transportation (DOT) Commissioner Joan McDonald about Route 59's flooding and closure and requested a review of the recently completed project and the flooding that occurred over the past weekend. They questioned whether additional flood mitigation work should have been done or could be done now.
The project, which renovated Route 59 in West Nyack, included replacing aging bridge crossings, improving pedestrian safety and raising the road near the Palisades Center by 18 inches. The raised road was an effort to mitigate flooding incidents, which plagued that stretch of Route 59 frequently.
"During construction, the DOT assured me that the project was taking flood mitigations actions such as raising the road," said Zebrowski. "The flooding this past weekend is extremely concerning. The DOT must review the project and make appropriate adjustments to avoid future flooding as we near the hurricane season."
Carlucci said the DOT needs to determine whether the project achieved its goals.
"The recent flooding along Route 59 raises serious questions and concerns over the success of the recent construction project," said Carlucci. "It is clear that a thorough review and detailed assessment is what's needed to determine the cause of continued issues along this roadway."
The Conservation Law Foundation (CLF) filed a lawsuit today against ExxonMobil for its endangerment of communities along the Mystic River.
It's the first lawsuit of its kind in the nation since revelations last year about the corporation's decades-long campaign to discredit climate science.
Today's filing comes several months after CLF submitted a formal letter of intent to sue ExxonMobil, a development that was announced at a press conference in May.
The suit focuses on Exxon's violations of both the federal Clean Water Act (CWA) and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), laws designed to protect the health and safety of waterfront communities in the face of climate change.
Exxon 'put communities in danger' for profit
"For more than three decades, ExxonMobil has devoted its resources to deceiving the public about climate science while using its knowledge about climate change to advance its business operations", said CLF president Bradley Campbell.
"Communities were put in danger and remain in danger, all to cut costs for one of the most profitable corporations in the world. It's time to make Exxon answer for decades of false statements to the public and to regulators and ensure that its Everett facility meets its legal obligation to protect thousands of people and the Boston Harbor estuary from toxic water pollution."
CLF's trial team for the case will include nationally renowned attorney Allan Kanner of the Louisiana-based Kanner & Whitely, whose firm has represented states and other plaintiffs in landmark cases against major oil companies, including claims arising from BP's Deepwater Horizon spill.
Damali Vidot, Chelsea City Councilor-At-Large, commented: "As a mom and a representative of my community, I feel I have a responsibility to protect my kids and those I serve against the impacts of pollution in our water. I'm standing with CLF today because I believe Exxon must be held accountable for its actions."
More actions certain to follow
In March of this year, Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey joined a coalition of 17 attorneys general seeking to hold fossil fuel companies accountable for campaigns to deceive customers, shareholders, and the public about climate risk.
While CLF is the first organization officially to begin a civil lawsuit against ExxonMobil for this deceit, many other legal actions are likely to follow - and not just against ExxonMobil, says Gillian Lobo, a lawyer with London-based legal charity ClientEarth working on energy and climate issues:
"The impacts of climate change, particularly from storm surges, are increasingly clear. Companies with high-risk operations must make sure their safety planning is robust and follows the latest science on climate impacts.
"Reducing risks to human health, local communities and the environment is the only way to avoid legal action, and protect people and the planet."
Oliver Tickell is contributing editor at The Ecologist.
MixRadio. The tunes you love, for free. MixRadio fills your day with free music. Choose from over 150 mixes or generate your own playlists. Take your favorite mixes offline and listen when you're not connected. Share them with friends through your social networks, email or via SMS. (Data transfer charges may apply. Check with your provider.)
Super-sensitive screen. Keep the gloves on. The 4-inch touchscreen on the Nokia Lumia 520 is so sensitive that you can even use it when wearing gloves or with your fingernails. So typing, chatting and surfing are easier and more convenient than ever.
Free HERE Maps. Destinations uncovered. Discover hidden gems. Just type in your destination and HERE Maps will get you there quickly. If you're driving, HERE Drive gives you turn by turn directions. And if you need to get across town on public transport, HERE Transit plots your quickest route, including departure times and walking distances. (HERE Drive on the Lumia 521 offers free drive navigation for a single country or region. Additional service upgrade can be purchased through the app.)
ive played 1000+ matches in 2k, 3k, 4k, and 5k, and i promise you that the quality of the matches doesnt improve until your attitude does. as your personal skill level rises, so will your awareness of your teammates' decision making. you are constantly going to feel like someone isnt pulling their weight/trying as hard as you/blah blah blah. its all about how you look at it. do your best to go out of your way to be positive, make calls/plays, and lead your team to victory, without compromising the integrity of your own play. but above all else, remember to have fun because its just a game. as your personal skill grows you will learn how to climb mmr, but there is no such thing as mmr "hell". again, the quality of the matches wont ever improve from a subjective standpoint until you stop looking at it this way.
Do not be fooled by the tears and gushing words of Obama and his supporters as he counts down to his departure from the White House. They are an insult when measured against the tears of the countless Libyans, Syrians, Afghans and others who have suffered as a result of a foreign policy that brought his administration into disrepute.
Barack Obama goes down in history as a president who more than any other in living memory entered the White House on a wave of hope and expectation, only to depart eight years and two terms later under a cloud of crushing disappointment and bitterness.
In speech after speech, America's first black president outlined a vision of his country's place in the world that would embrace multilateralism, place a premium on diplomacy, and embrace a foreign policy underpinned by justice. He also pledged to close the controversial US detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. Eight years later it's impossible to avoid the conclusion that he lied.
When it comes to the Middle East, although Obama certainly cannot be blamed for creating the disaster in Iraq — for this we have the war unleashed on the country by his predecessor, George W. Bush, in 2003 to thank — his actions upon entering the White House in 2009 made the situation worse.
© AFP 2018 / Mandel Ngan 'Coarsening the Soul of America': Guantanamo Bay Prison Turns 15
The military surge, begun in 2007 under the Bush administration with the deployment of thousands of additional US troops to the country's Anbar province (Sunni Triangle), had been designed to end the brutal sectarian control of al-Qaeda in Iraq (AQI) over the province. Within a year it had succeeded in reducing the terrorist group to the point of near extinction. In partnership with Anbar's Sunni tribes, who'd suffered under the iron heel of the terrorist group, US forces had embarked on an aggressive policy of seek and destroy. It was an innovative and successful operation that not only succeeded militarily but also in terms of winning the hearts and minds of the country's Sunni minority.
Unconscionably, Obama ended the surge while continuing to support the Maliki government in Baghdad, whose sectarian policies favouring of the countries Shia majority at the expense of the Sunni minority led to the revival of AQI's fortune. In 2013 the group changed its name to Islamic State in Iraq (ISI) and at the beginning of 2014 succeeded in taking control of Fallujah, just 57km from Baghdad, where its notorious black flag first came to international attention.
In attempting to underplay the significance of the growing strength of ISI in Iraq, Obama infamously compared the terrorist group to a junior varsity (jayvee) team — in other words a threat of no great consequence. How wrong he was.
In June 2014, ISI launched offensives against Tikrit and Mosul, taking both cities, before moving across the border into Syria. There it morphed into Daesh (also known as ISIS/ISIL), establishing a reign of barbarism, terror, and cruelty such as the world hasn't seen since the Khmer Rouge ravaged Cambodia in the 1970s.
It was a disaster that had arrived in the Middle East on the coattails of a so-called Arab Spring that saw the Obama administration throw former US and Western-supported dictatorships in Tunisia and Egypt under the bus. It did so at the same time as opportunistically throwing its weight behind the mass protests that had erupted throughout the region, doing so with the objective of ensuring that the outcome was favourable to US and Western strategic, geopolitical, and economic interests.
The destruction of Libya, wrought by Washington and its NATO allies in 2011, along with US support for sectarian terrorist groups in Syria, almost pushed the region into the abyss. When Russia entered the fray at the end of 2015, at the request of a Syrian government whose forces were overstretched and struggling to beat back a Western supported onslaught, Obama refused to accept Russia's request to join forces to defeat terrorism. Instead his administration did its utmost to impede Russian efforts.
© AFP 2018 / Ismail Zitouny Fighters ride a pickup truck as smoke rises during a battle with Islamic State fighters in neighborhood Number Two in Sirte, Libya
The result has been the unnecessary prolongation of the conflict in Syria and the suffering if its people. Along with the turning of Libya into a failed state, it produced a refugee crisis of biblical dimension, leading to thousands of people drowning in the Mediterranean in the act of fleeing a region plunged into chaos.
In Eastern Europe, meanwhile, the US under Obama's watch supported a fascist driven coup in Ukraine in 2014 that toppled the country's democratically elected government. The result was a civil conflict on Russia's southwestern border.
© REUTERS / Carlo Allegri Obama Claims Rivals Like Russia, China Cannot Match US Global Influence
The attempt to paint Russia as the cause of the ensuing instability exposed Obama's mendacity and his blithe disregard for Russia's security and legitimate rights. With the arrogance of a Roman emperor, the president attempted to bully the largest and most populous country in Europe into submission over Ukraine and its role in Syria fighting terrorism reduced relations between East and West to the point of full-blown crisis, where they currently remain.
Add to his legacy a drone war that has killed hundreds of innocent civilians, and nobody should be fooled by the happy-clappy emotional farewell speeches he is currently giving in advance of his departure from the political stage.
His record in office leaves both him and his presidency disgraced.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
Arsenal trio Gibbs, Oxlade-Chamberlain and Bendtner celebrate FA Cup win with night out at UFC... and Haye was there too
UFC FIGHT NIGHT
CLICK HERE for Martin Domin's round-up of all the UFC action from the O2 Arena.
Arsenal stars Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Kieran Gibbs and Nicklas Bendtner were in the crowd at London's O2 Arena to watch Alexander Gustafsson's stunning knockout of Jimi Manuwa.
The Gunners trio joined former world heavyweight boxing champion David Haye in the crowd for the UFC Fight Night bill in south London.
VIDEO Scroll down to watch Oxlade-Chamberlain and Bendtner's girlfriend
Fetching: Nicklas Bendtner, wearing a suit, pocket square, chequered tie, pork pie hat and round spectacles, led a contingent of Arsenal players at the UFC Fight Night at the O2 Arena in London
The champ: Bendtner poses with a replica UFC belt as he and his team-mates take in the action at the O2 Arena
Night on the town: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs watched the UFC action at the O2 Arena
Hayemaker: Former world heavyweight boxing champion David Haye at The O2 Ringside: Arsenal stars Lukas Podolski and Serge Gnabry poses for a photo while watching the action
New look: Arsenal forward Nicklas Bendtner
Gibbs and Oxlade-Chamberlain had earlier helped Arsenal beat Everton 4-1 at the Emirates to secure a place in the FA Cup semi-finals.
The Swede Gustafsson, who bounced back in impressive style from his narrow defeat to light-heavyweight champion Jon Jones last September.
Londoner Manuwa, who had been unbeaten in 14 MMA fights prior to Saturday night, was dropped early in the second round before Gustafsson pounced to finish the job.
He immediately targetted a rematch with Jones assuming the American comes through his title defence against Glover Teixeira at UFC 172 on April 26.
'I was so glad to get a decision because my last couple of fights have gone the distance,' Gustafsson said after the contest.
'The support of the fans here tonight was awesome, especially the ones that travelled from Sweden.
'Jimi Manuwa is a tough, powerful fighter so my strategy was to try and wear him down a bit and drain that power.
'I got grazed a couple of times and you could definitely feel how hard he can throw. I want Jon Jones next, I can't wait to have another chance at him.'
Smack! Alexander Gustaffsson lands a punch on his opponent Jimi Manuwa in their light heavyweight fight at the UFC Fight Night
Heads you win: Gustafsson performs a head stand after his TKO victory over Manuwa
Greece is to receive 1,000 Bitcoin ATMs following a partnership between digital currency exchange BTCGreece and cryptocurrency service provider Cubits, according to reports. The installation of the ATMs, which allow users to exchange cash for bitcoins, reflects the growing interest in bitcoin in Greece at a time of economic uncertainty.
Bitcoin is seen by some in Greece as a way to circumvent strict capital controls in the country that have been in place since June. Greeks are currently restricted to withdrawing no more than €60 (£42, $66) per day and are forbidden from moving money to foreign bank accounts. Bitcoin offers an alternative store of value that BTCGreece founder Thanos Marinos is eager to exploit.
"We are creating the ecosystem of bitcoin and blockchain solutions in the Greek market," Marinos told CoinTelegraph. "That will include the rollout of 1,000 ATMs and solutions for the e-commerce and tourism industry.
"Partnering with best of breed companies in the bitcoin space will enable us to provide the Greeks with solutions that will ease the difficulties of the capital controls. Bitcoin adoption is happening and in a very fast pace. Bitcoin in Greece is not just hype but a solution to day-to-day problems of people and businesses under capital controls. Also, a key factor is that the trust of the traditional banking system is long gone and people are open to bitcoin."
Greek interest in bitcoin spiked earlier this summer amid fears that Greece would exit the euro, resulting in a price surge for the world's most expensive cryptocurrency. Marinos claims to have received requests from 300 shops in Greece for bitcoin ATMs to be installed on their premises, with plans for the first ATMs to be rolled out in October.
"During times of economic uncertainty, people invest in safe havens such as gold," said Bitcoins Greece founder Elenu Varela in a recent interview with IBTimes UK. "Nowadays, digital assets like bitcoin have joined that asset class. Because cryptocurrencies are global and do not rely on a healthy banking system, it is logical for people to stockpile them in times of uncertainty."
Since my story last week headed “Mystery grows over Met Office's 'hottest day'”, there have been further developments. How could the Met Office justify its widely publicised claim that July 1 was the hottest July day recorded in Britain, based solely on a reading of 36.7 degrees Celsius (98 degrees Fahrenheit) made at Heathrow airport?
When the blogger Paul Homewood (on Notalotofpeopleknowthat) tracked down four weather stations around Heathrow, none showed readings on July 1 above 35.1. He wondered how far the Met Office figure might have been influenced by the siting of its Heathrow temperature gauge, shown by aerial photographs to be surrounded by heat-radiating Tarmac and near a runway.
Heathrow has now recorded a temperature of 35.7 °C. The hottest July on record was 36.5 °C in 2006 #hottestdayoftheyear — Met Office (@metoffice) July 1, 2015
He therefore asked the Met Office for further details about how its figure was arrived at. Its reply was that this information could only be supplied for £75 plus VAT. But it then, in light of all the interest this was arousing, issued a long press release. Despite claiming that its Heathrow weather station met all the requirements of the World Meteorological Organisation, it failed to answer any of the relevant questions. What it did include, however, was a graph revealing that the wholly untypical 36.7 figure had only been fleetingly reached in a marked 1.7 degree temperature spike at 2.15pm. Was this merely caused by a blast of hot air from a passing airliner? No answer on this from the Met Office.
Tenebrae (1982) Limited Edition Blu-ray Steelbook Limited to 3000 from Synapse Films
Directed By: Dario Argento
Starring: Anthony Franciosa, John Saxon, Giukiano Gemma
So I am not going to go into an actual film review, because we've talked about this film on the show numerous times and if your visiting this review you have probably listened to Exorcast before and know I have a major hard-on for all things Argento. While TENEBRAE is one of Argento's finest films I feel like we have all seen it before and hopefully all love it.
That being said we have been waiting for Synapse to release this beauty for quite some time now, maybe not as long as their SUSPIRIA release but this will hold us over in the meantime. Synapse took their time to bring us one beautiful transfer. They supervised the color correction and restoration from the original uncut negative. The film itself has never looked better. This makes my seventh copy of TENEBRAE and my second on blu-ray. As much as I love Arrow's UK blu-ray release for the packaging, the transfer and sound isn't spectacular. Synapse took it to the next level, the entire film is damn near crystal clear. Every drop of blood is the perfect shade of rosso. Even the chase scene with the guard dog looked great and typically that's the scene that looks the darkest on all of the previous releases.
Ok, so you get the point. The release is great and worthy of all of your collections. This blu-ray release also includes; the feature-length documentary, Yellow Fever: The Rise and Fall of The Giallo, original UNSANE end credits, an alternate opening credit sequence and the Japanese Shadow theatrical trailer. We are also treated to a bonus audio CD with the original motion picture soundtrack that contains some songs not on the original release.
Final Thoughts: This is an outstanding release and I am very happy it received the treatment it deserved from Synapse. TENEBRAE will set you back just under $50.00 (US) and you can get it from www.diabolikDVD.com For me it is hands down a must own and a contender for release of the year in my opinion.
Advertisements
Jeanne Hébuterne is best known for being a frequent subject and common-law wife of Amedeo Modigliani. But her story with the famous artist is one of the most tragic love stories of the art world.
Jeanne was a beautiful girl, famous of her long and thick her. She was introduced to the artistic community in Montparnasse by her brother André Hébuterne who wanted to become a painter. She met several of the then-starving artists including Tsuguharu Foujita for whom she modelled.
However, Jeanne with her talent for drawing wanted to become an artist too and chose to study at the Académie Colarossi. It was there in the spring of 1917 that Jeanne Hébuterne was introduced to Amedeo Modigliani. He was a handsome man, and attracted much female attention. Jeanne began an affair with him and the two fell deeply in love. She soon moved in with him, despite strong objection from her parents.
Life with Modigliani must have been hard. He was an alcoholic and a drug addict. His escalating intake of drugs and alcohol may have been a means by which Modigliani masked his tuberculosis from his acquaintances, few of whom knew of his condition. Tuberculosis—the leading cause of death in France by 1900—was a horrible sickness, there was no cure, and those who had it were feared, ostracized, and pitied.
The writer Charles-Albert Cingria described Jeanne as gentle, shy, quiet, and delicate. In the fall of 1918, the couple moved to the warmer climate of Nice on the French Riviera where Modigliani's agent hoped he might raise his profile by selling some of his works to the wealthy art connoisseurs who wintered there. While they were in Nice, their daughter was born. The following spring, they returned to Paris and Jeanne became pregnant again.
On 24 January 1920 Amedeo Modigliani died of tuberculosis. Jeanne Hébuterne's family brought her to their home but Jeanne threw herself out of the fifth-floor apartment window the day after Modigliani's death, killing herself and her unborn child. Her family, blamed her demise on Modigliani and at the beginning interred her in the Cimetière de Bagneux. Nearly ten years later the family relented and allowed her remains to be transferred to Père Lachaise Cemetery to rest beside Modigliani. Her epitaph reads: “Devoted companion to the extreme sacrifice.”
Five new categories of mental illness that cut across the current more broad diagnoses of anxiety and depression have been identified by researchers in a Stanford-led study.
The five categories, defined by their specific symptoms and areas of brain activation, are: tension, anxious arousal, general anxiety, anhedonia — the inability to feel pleasure — and melancholia.
"We are trying to disentangle the symptom overlap in our current diagnoses which can ultimately guide tailored treatment choices," the researchers wrote in their study, which was published in JAMA Psychiatry.
The research is part of an ongoing effort by Leanne Williams, PhD, professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences and senior author of the study, and her lab, along with other groups within the field of psychiatric neuroscience, to better define mental illness in order to provide improved treatment plans for the millions of Americans who suffer from these disorders.
Currently, depression and anxiety are the leading cause of disability and lost productivity worldwide with only one-third of patients recovering from treatment, the study said.
The broad diagnostic categories as defined by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, such as anxiety and depression, have so many overlapping symptoms that it's difficult to identify biological markers for potential treatments or cures, the researchers explained.
"Currently, the treatments would be the same for anyone in these broad categories," Williams said. "By refining the diagnosis, better treatment options could be prescribed, specifically for that type of anxiety or depression."
For their work, the researchers collected and processed data from 420 participants both with healthy diagnoses and with multiple anxiety and depression diagnoses. The participants underwent a series of tests involving brain mapping, self reporting of symptoms, and psychiatric diagnostic testing. Researchers measured how well participants functioned in everyday life, their capacity for building social relationships and general outlook on life.
The same tests were conducted with a second independent sample of 381 people. Using a data-driven approach that involved machine learning algorithms, researchers processed the data and were able to identify the same five new categories across both groups.
Results showed that 13 percent of participants were characterized by anxious arousal, 9 percent by general anxiety, 7 percent by anhedonia, 9 percent by melancholia and 19 percent by tension.
"Interestingly, we found that many people who did not meet diagnostic criteria, but were still experiencing some symptoms, fell into the tension type," said Katherine Grisanzio, lead author of the study and research lab manager in Williams' lab.
In the paper, the researchers further described the new categories:
Tension: This type is defined by irritability. People are overly sensitive, touchy, and overwhelmed. The anxiety makes the nervous system hypersensitive.
Anxious arousal: Cognitive functioning, such as the ability to concentrate and control thoughts, is impaired. Physical symptoms include a racing heart, sweating, and feeling stressed. "People say things like ‘I feel like I'm losing my mind," Williams said. "They can't remember from one moment to the next."
Melancholia: People experience problems with social functioning. Restricted social interactions further cause distress.
Anhedonia: The primary symptom is an inability to feel pleasure. This type of depression often goes unrecognized. People are often able to function reasonably well while in a high state of distress. "We see it in how the brain functions in overdrive," Williams said. "People are able to power through but at some times become quite numb. These are some of the most distressed people."
General anxiety: A generalized type of anxiety with the primary features involving worry and anxious arousal — a more physical type of stress.
Previously: New Stanford study takes steps toward integrating brain imaging into psychiatric care, Using brain scans and personal history to predict the best antidepressant choice and Stanford brain scientist's quest to personalize mental health care
Photo by Sodanie Chea
Aerial view of Göbekli Tepe. Image: German Archaeological Institute (DAI)
Göbekli Tepe, a monumental structure in southern Turkey established over 11,000 years ago, has enraptured archeologists and laypeople alike since site excavations began in the 1990s. Decorated with imaginative artwork depicting animals, people, and animalistic people, this ancient temple contains the oldest known megaliths in the world.
As if that isn't tantalizing enough, new research published in Science Advances suggests Göbekli Tepe was once home to a "skull cult." In addition to being popular fodder for band names, skull cults are communities that attach particular significance to cranial remains, often displaying them or modifying them into functional items, like mugs or drums. This behavior has many permutations in human history, but this study marks the first osteological (bone-based) evidence of how Göbekli Tepe's bygone denizens treated dead bodies and their skulls.
Carvings and drill hole on skull fragments. Image: Julia Gresky, DAI
Seven cranial fragments found at the site are believed to have been sourced from three individuals ranging in age from 20 to 50, one of which appears "more female than male," the authors said, though it's difficult to tell from fragmentary evidence. The pieces have been marked with features like deep carvings, ochre coloring, and even a drilled hole in one case.
"Those deep incisions are really exceptional," explained Julia Gresky, a paleopathologist based at the German Archaeological Institute and the study's lead author, in a Skype interview with Motherboard. "Maybe there will be other findings at other sites, but so far, it's really new."
The modified skulls were recovered from trenches around the monolithic site that were mysteriously backfilled several millennia after the complex was constructed. Gresky tells me this may have been a natural process, in which animal and human remains scattered due to heavy rain or other environmental causes, or the structure could have been intentionally buried by ancient peoples. Either way, there's a bunch of broken stuff lying around at Göbekli Tepe for researchers to sift through, including these cranial remains etched with rudimentary grooves.
Read More: 9,000 Years Ago, Someone Chopped Off This Person's Head and Hands
Microscopic analysis of the bone revealed that the markings were created by stone tools, probably a short time after the skulls' owners died. Gresky and her colleagues suggest two possible explanations for the modifications: Ancestor veneration, or "branding" of perceived enemies for display. The grooves may have acted as "a track for a cord" to mount the skull, she said, and the drilled hole on the top of the cranium may have been used to suspend the skull like a mobile.
"Maybe they put feathers on the skull to make it more impressive and then presented it somewhere in the structures," Gresky said. "It's all speculation at the moment, but hopefully we'll find some more fragments or maybe also primary burials, so it will be more clear what happened in these monumental buildings."
Though this is the first evidence for skull cults at Göbekli Tepe etched in bone, the structure is filled with artistic representations of headless people, so it's not too much of a stretch to imagine these folks may have been cranially obsessed.
"There are many depictions of either separated human heads or headless individuals in sculptures and reliefs [at Göbekli Tepe]," Jens Notroff, a Göbekli Tepe expert who is also based at the German Archaeological Institute, told me over email. (Notroff was not on an author on the new paper, though his research is cited in it.)
From left to right: Intentionally decapitated statue, "gift bearer" statue offering human head, and low relief of an ithyphallic headless man. Image: Nico Becker, Dieter Johannes and Klaus Schmidt, Göbekli Tepe Archive, DAI
"Furthermore, we found a lot of heads originally belonging to life-sized human sculptures, which were broken off and apparently deliberately deposited near the monumental pillars which are so characteristic for Göbekli Tepe—thus a relation to some sort of 'skull cult,'" he said.
Whatever the reason for these skull hacks, their discovery has deepened the enchantment of this famous site and its haunting lost world of vibrant pictograms and scattered bones.
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter.
About
iHelp Daily™ provides you with a daily tip to help you get the most out of your iPhone™, iPad™, or iPod Touch™.
iHelp Daily already has around 35,000 followers on Twitter (twitter.com/ihelpdaily) followers and over 1,000 likes on Facebook (facebook.com/ihelpdaily).
One of Apple's goals is to improve the quality of people's lives. iHelp Daily likes to take that a step further with our #DailyTips. We want the tips to be an indispensable part of your day-to-day routine so that you use technology to enhance the way you interact with the people and world around you.
Check out our website ihelpdaily.com and let the #DailyTips speak for themselves.
The goal of this Kickstarter project is to develop an iOS App to make it easier for users to be benefited from the #DailyTips. The App will look very similar to the built-in iOS 7 apps in order to make it easy for you to make iHelp Daily a part of your daily routine.
iHelp Daily is not just another iPhone, iPad and iPod touch support company...let us show you how to do things with your phone even if you think you know everything there is to know.
Hyperloop One is gearing up to make a big announcement in the UAE. The company, which has been working on a high-speed mass transport system dreamed up by Tesla CEO Elon Musk, has just dropped a teaser video hyping its November 8 reveal, which you can watch above.
It isn't clear exactly what Hyperloop One will reveal, but it will most likely be the announcement of a test bed for its super-fast trains in the Middle Eastern nation.
The clip boasts ridiculously quick travel times between major cities in the region: It promises that Hyperloop One's system will take you from Dubai to Abu Dhabi, a distance of 160 km that usually requires a 2-hour drive, in just 12 minutes. That's a mind-boggling speed of 800 kmph or roughly 497 mph.
In May, the company launched an open-air propulsion test of its next-gen transport technology, showing that it could accelerate a steel sled on railroad tracks from 0-115 mph in 2 seconds.
It almost certainly takes more than just a few months to go from that trial to launching a passenger-ready transport system in the UAE – hence our assumption about what tomorrow's announcement will be about.
That should help Hyperloop One get back in the spotlight after its recent troubles: The beginning of July saw co-founder and CTO Brogan BamBrogan leave the company abruptly and follow up with a lawsuit against it, claiming wrongful termination.
Stay tuned to TNW to learn more about what Hyperloop One has in store for the UAE.
Read next: FBI clears Hillary Clinton in email investigation yet again
The Supreme Court has taken a stand for minorities in India, taking note of a plea which argued that Hindus in Jammu and Kashmir are unable to benefit from central and state welfare schemes for minorities.
A bench headed by Chief Justice TS Thakur issued notices to the Centre, National Commission for Minorities, and the state government after the public interest litigation pointed out that no panel has been set up to identify religious and linguistic minorities in the country's only Muslim-majority state, despite repeated representations.
“Jammu and Kashmir has still not legislated the State Minority Commission Act which empowers its Assembly to notify minorities by applying prescribed criteria. Consequently, the benefits exclusively meant for the minority communities are being given away to a certain community, which is the majority community, in an illegal and arbitrary manner,” said the PIL filed by Jammu-based lawyer Ankur Sharma.
Kashmiri Hindus perform rituals during the annual fair at Kheer Bhawani temple in Jammu
Last month, J&K's Minister for Social Welfare Sajad Gani Lone told the legislative council that there was no need to establish a minority commission in the state, while rejecting demands from BJP legislators.
“Such demands will add fire. Jammu has a Hindu majority and Kashmir has a Muslim majority. We cannot declare minorities at block levels and have to follow national criteria,” Lone said.
According to the 2011 census, about 68.3 per cent of the state's population are Muslims. Among the minorities, 28.4 per cent are Hindus, followed by Sikhs (1.9 per cent), Buddhists (0.9 per cent), and Christians (0.3 per cent).
In Kashmir valley, about 96.4 per cent are Muslims, followed by Hindus (2.45 per cent), Sikhs (0.98 per cent) and others (0.17 per cent).
Sharma said he filed the PIL to “safeguard the interests of religious and linguistic minorities and for the enforcement of their fundamental rights".
“Non-identification and non-notification of the minorities is leading to disbursement of minority benefits illegally and arbitrarily, according to the whims and fancies of successive state governments,” he alleged.
The Union government indirectly recognises Muslims, Sikhs, Buddhists, and Christians of Jammu and Kashmir as “minorities”.
This is in spite of the fact that the National Commission for Minorities Act, 1992, is not applicable to J&K - and thus the recognition of Muslims as “minorities” is whimsical and illegal, the plea said.
The Union Ministry of Minority Affairs has awarded 717 out of the 753 available scholarships to the majority community in Jammu and Kashmir.
Constitutional guarantees under Article 29 and 30 (rights of minorities) are no guarantees at all in Jammu and Kashmir due to the government's failure to identify religious and linguistic minorities and declare them as notified minorities, said the PIL.
Rights and benefits due to the minorities are being siphoned off arbitrarily and illegally, it added.
The litigant wants the Supreme Court to demand the setting-up of a state minority commission to identify religious and linguistic minorities, or to appoint a panel of experts under its supervision to submit a report on the religious and linguistic minority communities of Jammu and Kashmir.
TRIGGER WARNING: This article contains bushels and bales of foul language. It also quotes passages that are so hate-filled, they make Adolf Hitler look like Doris Day. As a result, many readers may find this material problematic. Enter with caution, and DO NOT touch the museum exhibits.
As a cisgender male, I feel it incumbent upon me to inform select members of this audience”basically, all of you”that you, too, are cisgender and certain people may therefore wish you grave harm because of it.
The neologism “cisgender””and it's a soft “c,” as in “celebrate” and “cemetery””heat-welds the Latin preposition cis (“on this side of”) to the word “gender.” The prefix “cis-” is the polar opposite of “trans-,” which means “across” or “beyond.” By definition, cisgender persons stand in binary opposition to transgender persons, who are pretty much the only ones who ever toss around the word “cisgender,” anyway.
“Like so many in the topsy-turvy social-justice demimonde, they insist that you accept them while they reject everything you represent.”
According to the trannies, “cisgender” persons have somehow convinced themselves that their “gender identity” correlates with the gender they were assigned at birth. Mind you, those who may assign you the “cisgender” tag long after you were born don't seem to realize that it may have been Mother Nature who assigned you this gender in utero as a result of giving you either a plug or a socket below your waistline. No, they insist that gender is a social construct, and as such, it must be deconstructed and perhaps even surgically reconstructed.
Are you with me? Me, neither. If it all sounds very divisive, that may be precisely the point.
It is on Tumblr“that infantile nexus of millennial social-justice insanity”that transsexual rage finds a safe, welcoming space in which to blossom:
Die Cis Scum calls for the death of cis scum. The death of the cis scum mentality. The death of the overlying power structures that enable cis scum behavior and cis scum thought. The death of scummy cis-ness that threatens trans*folk's lives. That is when I instantly screamed at them to shut up because as someone who is not trans* they will never understand what being transgender is about and that they should choke on a bucket of glass for even suggesting that they could have any idea what I and others like me go through every day. I hiss at and/or eat cis scum… I don't know what's worse, her misgendering me or her assumption that because I was born a boy, I must want to wear man's underwear! It literally tears me apart when she says that. I just want to throw the boxers in her face and scream, “HOW CAN YOU NOT KNOW I'M A GIRL, YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE??? >in a gay interracial threeway
>fucking a black guy in his ass while a Pakistani bloke is balls-deep inside me
>feel that unmistakable pressure in my taint
>I know I'm about to cum
>passion overtakes me
>“FUCKKK I'M GONNA CUM INSIDE YOUR NIGGER BOY-PUSSY ARGGGG”
Pay to Play - Put your money where your mouth is and subscribe for an ad-free experience and to join the world famous Takimag comment board.
This isn't the first time an incendiary comment from Jose Mourinho has left the people of Goodison Park seething.
The question at this point, though, is why Chelsea's manager has chosen to be so brazen, aggressive and leave the impression he believes Everton can be bullied into selling him John Stones, one of their most prized assets.
Mourinho's reaction to Chelsea having a £20million bid for Stones categorically rejected lacked class and grace and immediately left the mind wandering back to December 2006, when he was threatened with legal action by Everton.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is confident he can sign John Stones but he is going about it the wrong way
Everton have firmly rejected Chelsea's bidding for Stones, saying the defender is strictly not for sale
Mourinho has had a rocky past with the Everton faithful, saying Andrew Johnson dived after a meeting in 2006
After a spiky game at Goodison, which finished with Chelsea winning 3-2, Mourinho questioned Andrew Johnson's professionalism, implying that the striker was a diver and had attempted to hoodwink the ref into awarding him a penalty.
Given TV replays showed Johnson had been pushed in the back by Khalid Boulahrouz, the eruption from Everton's dressing room was understandable with manager David Moyes and captain Phil Neville delivering stinging broadsides.
Johnson and Everton were so upset they spoke to solicitors to see if Mourinho had defamed his reputation. The issue went away within 24 hours when Mourinho issued a statement to apologise, praising Johnson and Everton alike.
Those comments, however, came when relations between the two clubs were tense, the low coming in January 2008 when Chelsea's pitch announcer, with startling arrogance, turned to the away section and said 'welcome to a semi-final' before the first leg of their League Cup clash.
Things have improved significantly since then with chairmen Bill Kenwright and Bruce Buck setting the tone. Their relationship is strong and deals last summer between the clubs for Romelu Lukaku (£28million) and Christian Atsu (loan) were conducted smoothly.
Which is why it is puzzling that Mourinho's tone was so aggressive in Montreal when news of the rejected bid emerged. He deeply admires Stones and regards the elegant England Under 21 international as the long-term successor to John Terry.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has claimed that Chelsea have tried to unsettle his defender
Stones is going to be the real deal and Mourinho's desire to recruit him is obvious, particularly with both Manchester clubs watching, but he is not yet ready to play every week for Chelsea in the high-pressured games in which they compete.
He is a work in progress and that was shown at the European Under 21 Championship this summer in the match against Italy; having missed two games with injury, he was too eager to make up for lost time and made bad decisions.
There have been games for Everton, too, over the past 12 months when he has switched off at key points; Stones knows better than anyone he has to develop and the only way he will do that is by playing regular games.
Furthermore, Stones has made it clear on several occasions this summer that he is not looking any further than developing as a player at Goodison next season; brought up in a tight-knit family who have instilled proper values, he is absolutely not the kind of character who will start kicking up a fuss.
Everton rejected an opening £20million bid from Chelsea for their 21-year-old England defender Stones
Stone has four years to run on a £30,000-a-week contract at Everton but is in demand
Would Mourinho give him an extended run in Chelsea's team if he made a slip in a crucial Champions League game? Would he be patient and put up with the growing pains when silverware is on the line? More than anything, however, does he really think saying Chelsea will keep bidding until September 1 will make Everton relent? If he believes that, he is completely misguided. Everton have written to Chelsea to forcefully stress that he is not for sale.
They are right to make that stance. Everton have ambitions of their own to which Stones are integral and just because Mourinho is stamping his feet does not mean they will panic and accept the first offer.
Besides, £20m, even £26m, is grossly under-rating his value. If Mourinho wants to see Stones play for Chelsea in the future, he is going about it all the wrong way - deliberately unsettling him is only going to enrage Everton.
And if they end up furious, just as they were in December 2006, why would they consider helping Chelsea if and when Stones are ready for the next challenge in his career? Everton have given their word and expect Chelsea to walk away.
Show full PR text
Netflix to Launch Service in the UK and Ireland for Streaming Movies and TV Shows in Early 2012
LOS GATOS, Calif., Oct. 24, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Netflix, Inc. (Nasdaq: NFLX), the leading global Internet movie subscription service, today announced it will expand to the United Kingdom andIreland in early 2012, offering unlimited TV shows and movies streaming instantly over the Internet to TVs and computers for one low monthly subscription price.
Upon launch, Netflix members from the UK and Ireland will be able to instantly watch a wide array of TV shows and movies right on their TVs via a range of consumer electronics devices capable of streaming from Netflix, as well as on PCs, Macs and mobile tablets and phones. Further details about the service, including pricing, content and supported devices, will be announced closer to launch.
Netflix has been streaming to U.S. members since 2007, adding Canada in 2010 and 43 countries in Latin America and theCaribbean in September 2011. Netflix has revolutionized entertainment across the Americas by giving its members a huge selection of movies and TV shows to enjoy when and where they want.
People interested in becoming members of Netflix in the UK or Ireland can go to www.netflix.com to sign up to receive an email alert letting them know when Netflix has launched in their country.
Description:
Sour Diesel is arguably one of the mightiest and most famous sativa strains on the market. It is believed to have originated from Chemdawg bag seeds. A mystery grower journeyed with these seeds to the East Coast and landed in The Big Apple. In New York, Chemdawg was crossed with a super stable producer (mass super skunk x Sensi NL).
This cross became known as Diesel, primarily because of its fuel-like aroma. This cut eventually migrated to U-Mass Amherst. Here a clumsy (and lucky) grower accidentally pollinated the original Diesel to a special skunk plant DNL (RFK Skunk x Hawaiian) x (Northern Lights). Little did he know, his accidental pollination resulted in a legend. A marijuana plant that has all the potency of Diesel, but with a super sour overtone and heavier yield.
This phenotype became known as Sour Diesel or East Coast Sour Diesel. Sour Diesel caught on like fire and quickly spread worldwide. It is now a staple sativa strain in most dispensaries and beloved for its potency.
Shared fictional universe based on the work of H. P. Lovecraft
A sketch of Cthulhu drawn by Lovecraft, May 11, 1934
The Cthulhu Mythos is a shared fictional universe, originating in the works of American horror writer H. P. Lovecraft. The term was coined by August Derleth, a contemporary correspondent and protégé of Lovecraft, to identify the settings, tropes, and lore that were employed by Lovecraft and his literary successors. The name Cthulhu derives from the central creature in Lovecraft's seminal short story, "The Call of Cthulhu", first published in the pulp magazine Weird Tales in 1928.[1]
Richard L. Tierney, a writer who also wrote Mythos tales, later applied the term "Derleth Mythos" to distinguish Lovecraft's works from Derleth's later stories, which modify key tenets of the Mythos.[2][3] Authors of Lovecraftian horror in particular frequently use elements of the Cthulhu Mythos.[4]:viii-ix
History [ edit ]
In his essay "H. P. Lovecraft and the Cthulhu Mythos", Robert M. Price described two stages in the development of the Cthulhu Mythos. Price called the first stage the "Cthulhu Mythos proper." This stage was formulated during Lovecraft's lifetime and was subject to his guidance. The second stage was guided by August Derleth who, in addition to publishing Lovecraft's stories after his death, attempted to categorize and expand the Mythos.[5]:8[6]:5
First stage [ edit ]
An ongoing theme in Lovecraft's work is the complete irrelevance of mankind in the face of the cosmic horrors that apparently exist in the universe. Lovecraft made frequent references to the "Great Old Ones", a loose pantheon of ancient, powerful deities from space who once ruled the Earth and have since fallen into a deathlike sleep.[4]:viii While these monstrous deities have been present in almost all of Lovecraft's published work (his second short story "Dagon," published in 1919, is considered the start of the mythos), the first story to really expand the pantheon of Great Old Ones and its themes is "The Call of Cthulhu," which was published in 1928.
Lovecraft broke with other pulp writers of the time by having his main characters' minds deteriorate when afforded a glimpse of what exists outside their perceived reality. He emphasized the point by stating in the opening sentence of the story that "The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents."[7]
Writer Dirk W. Mosig notes that Lovecraft was a "mechanistic materialist" who embraced the philosophy of cosmic indifference (Cosmicism). Lovecraft believed in a purposeless, mechanical, and uncaring universe. Human beings, with their limited faculties, can never fully understand this universe, and the cognitive dissonance caused by this revelation leads to insanity, in his view. This perspective made no allowance for religious belief which could not be supported scientifically, with the incomprehensible, cosmic forces of his tales having as little regard for humanity as humans have for insects.[clarification needed][8][9]:22
There have been attempts at categorizing this fictional group of beings. Phillip A. Schreffler argues that by carefully scrutinizing Lovecraft's writings, a workable framework emerges that outlines the entire "pantheon"—from the unreachable "Outer Ones" (e.g. Azathoth, who occupies the centre of the universe) and "Great Old Ones" (e.g. Cthulhu, imprisoned on Earth in the sunken city of R'lyeh) to the lesser castes (the lowly slave shoggoths and the Mi-go).[10]
David E. Schultz, however, believes that Lovecraft never meant to create a canonical Mythos but rather intended his imaginary pantheon to merely serve as a background element.[11]:46, 54 Lovecraft himself humorously referred to his Mythos as "Yog Sothothery" (Dirk W. Mosig coincidentally suggested the term Yog-Sothoth Cycle of Myth be substituted for Cthulhu Mythos).[12][13] At times, Lovecraft even had to remind his readers that his Mythos creations were entirely fictional.[9]:33–34
The view that there was no rigid structure is expounded upon by S. T. Joshi, who said "Lovecraft's imaginary cosmogony was never a static system but rather a sort of aesthetic construct that remained ever adaptable to its creator's developing personality and altering interests. . . . There was never a rigid system that might be posthumously appropriated. . . . The essence of the mythos lies not in a pantheon of imaginary deities nor in a cobwebby collection of forgotten tomes, but rather in a certain convincing cosmic attitude."[14]
Price, however, believed that Lovecraft's writings could at least be divided into categories and identified three distinct themes: the "Dunsanian" (written a similar style as Lord Dunsany), "Arkham" (occurring in Lovecraft's fictionalized New England setting), and "Cthulhu" (the cosmic tales) cycles.[6]:9 Writer Will Murray noted that while Lovecraft often used his fictional pantheon in the stories he ghostwrote for other authors, he reserved Arkham and its environs exclusively for those tales he wrote under his own name.[15][ISBN missing]
Although the Mythos was not formalized or acknowledged between them, Lovecraft did correspond and share story elements with other contemporary writers including Clark Ashton Smith, Robert E. Howard, Robert Bloch, Frank Belknap Long, Henry Kuttner, Henry S. Whitehead, and Fritz Leiber—a group referred to as the "Lovecraft Circle."[16][page needed][17][page needed]
For example, Robert E. Howard's character Friedrich Von Junzt reads Lovecraft's Necronomicon in the short story "The Children of the Night" (1931), and in turn Lovecraft mentions Howard's Unaussprechlichen Kulten in the stories "Out of the Aeons" (1935) and "The Shadow Out of Time" (1936).[6]:6–7 Many of Howard's original unedited Conan stories also involve parts of the Cthulhu Mythos.[18]
Second stage [ edit ]
Price denotes the second stage's commencement with August Derleth. The principal difference between Lovecraft and Derleth being Derleth's use of hope and development of the idea that the Cthulhu mythos essentially represented a struggle between good and evil.[5]:9 Derleth is credited with creating the "Elder Gods." He stated:
As Lovecraft conceived the deities or forces of his mythos, there were, initially, the Elder Gods . . . These Elder Gods were benign deities, representing the forces of good, and existed peacefully . . . very rarely stirring forth to intervene in the unceasing struggle between the powers of evil and the races of Earth. These powers of evil were variously known as the Great Old Ones or the Ancient Ones...[19]
Price believes that the basis for Derleth's system is found in Lovecraft: "Was Derleth's use of the rubric 'Elder Gods' so alien to Lovecraft's in At the Mountains of Madness? Perhaps not. In fact, this very story, along with some hints from "The Shadow over Innsmouth", provides the key to the origin of the 'Derleth Mythos'. For in At the Mountains of Madness is shown the history of a conflict between interstellar races, first among them the Elder Ones and the Cthulhu-spawn.[20]
Derleth himself believed that Lovecraft wished for other authors to actively write about the Mythos as opposed to it being a discrete plot device within Lovecraft's own stories.[11]:46–7 Derleth expanded the boundaries of the Mythos by including any passing reference to another author's story elements by Lovecraft as part of the genre. Just as Lovecraft made passing reference to Clark Ashton Smith's Book of Eibon, Derleth in turn added Smith's Ubbo-Sathla to the Mythos.[6]:9–10
Derleth also attempted to connect the deities of the Mythos to the four elements ("air", "earth", "fire", and "water"), creating new beings representative of certain elements in order to legitimize his system of classification. Derleth created "Cthugha" as a sort of fire elemental when a fan, Francis Towner Laney, complained that he had neglected to include the element in his schema. Laney, the editor of The Acolyte, had categorized the Mythos in an essay that first appeared in the Winter 1942 issue of the magazine.
Impressed by the glossary, Derleth asked Laney to rewrite it for publication in the Arkham House collection Beyond the Wall of Sleep (1943).[21] Laney's essay ("The Cthulhu Mythos") was later republished in Crypt of Cthulhu #32 (1985). In applying the elemental theory to beings that function on a cosmic scale (e.g. Yog-Sothoth) some authors created a fifth element that they termed aethyr.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The pair co-star in BBC One's Christmas Day special titled The Next Doctor.
The plot has been kept under wraps until now, but Tennant told BBC Radio 5 Live: "The Doctor's on his own now and he lands in Victorian London and meets a future version of himself played by David Morrissey - who else would you want to cast as the Doctor, really? It's sort of perfect casting - but this Doctor, this future version of the Doctor doesn't seem to know who the current Doctor is, so clearly something has gone a bit wrong. He's had a memory lapse and is in a bit of a difficult state, that's got something to do with the fact that he's fighting the Cybermen at the time."
Tennant will film four more specials in 2009 before quitting the role, and the search is on for a successor.
Asked which actor should take over as the Timelord, Tennant replied: "Well, it might be David Morrissey, of course. He is playing the next Doctor on Christmas Day, so I'd be very happy to leave it with him. But everyone's being suggested - I think both Vic [Reeves] and Bob [Mortimer] have been suggested, so it could be anyone."
The show's writer and executive producer Russell T Davies also gave Morrissey his seal of approval. "Every drama in Great Britain wants David Morrissey to be in it," he said.
A MOTORCYCLIST was killed in a collision at a busy Plympton intersection Saturday night.
Police and emergency services were called when the motorbike and a car collided at the corner of Anzac Hwy and Cross Rd at Plympton just after 9pm.
The 41-year-old North Plympton man died at the scene, which remained closed to traffic for some time as Major Crash officers investigated.
Police were unable to provide any further details about the man, who was the 24th motorcyclist killed on the state's roads this year, compared to eight in 2016.
The driver of the car was not injured but was taken to hospital.
The man's death takes the state's road toll to 98, compared to 82 at the same time last year.
He is the 24th motorcycle fatality this year as compared to 8 at the same time last year.
Police are urging all motorists to take extra care on South Australian roads this Christmas long weekend.
The Advertiser last week revealed the State Government was considering a crackdown on motorcyclist licensing in reaction to the spiralling number of motorcyclist deaths.
CSS frameworks represent the building blocks of many diverse web projects. A well constructed CSS framework or boilerplate can simplify and streamline the development of a web site. This type of framework quickens the pace of development by offering a structure of files and folders of standardized code (HTML, CSS, JS documents, and more). These frameworks provide a basis to start building a web site.
There are hundreds of devices that are used to access the web. These devices have different capabilities and constraints, such as screen dimensions, input style, resolution, and form. As more and more users access the web through different devices, in particular tablets and smartphones, developers need tools to build websites. The importance of catering for different devices should not be underestimated. In a few countries, mobile web traffic has already overtaken traffic from traditional computers.
Some of the lightweight frameworks featured in this article are well publicised, but there are many good tiny frameworks that you may not have heard of that are perfectly suited for small projects.
The purpose of this article is to list the finest open source lightweight frameworks to kick-start CSS and HTML projects. They help to save precious time by saving designers from writing base CSS styles, and solving problematic layout issues. They also have the virtue of lightweight CSS files which reduce queries and load, and benefit visitors on narrowband connections. We have also included a couple of the finest open source boilerplates. All it takes is a few minutes to get to grips with these frameworks, and you will be able to design some awesome websites which conform with best practice.
Now, let's explore the 10 lightweight tools at hand. For each title we have compiled its own portal page, a full description with an in-depth analysis of its features, together with links to relevant resources and reviews.
Lightweight CSS Frameworks & Boilerplates Quantum Framework Exceptionally versatile and advanced framework Pure Small, responsive CSS modules Baseline Built around the idea of a "real" baseline grid HTML KickStart Rapidly create website layouts Base Super simple responsive framework KNACSS Simple and lightweight CSS framework Cascade Framework Tiny footprint but similar features to Twitter Bootstrap and Foundation Toast Simple CSS Framework Motherplate Bare-bones SCSS HTML5 responsive boilerplate HTML5 Boilerplate HTML5/CSS/JS front-end template
Return to our complete collection of Group Tests, identifying the finest free and open source Linux software.
Related
If Hillary Clinton is elected president, Chelsea Clinton will be America's first daughter for a second time. She was just 12 when her father Bill Clinton became president in 1993. Now 35 and pregnant with her second child, she has become used to living in the public eye. She currently serves as vice-chair at the Clinton Foundation, the nonprofit humanitarian corporation started by her parents, and is an adjunct professor at the Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health. She campaigned for her mother in 2008 and has reappeared on the trail for Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign. On the eve of the Iowa caucuses, Chelsea spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about her concerns about the Republican party, family bonding, and the biggest issues she believes young voters face today.
Why do you think Bernie Sanders appears to be resonating with the young so much, including young women? Are you surprised he came from behind with strong support?
You'd have to ask someone who supports Bernie Sanders why they support him. I clearly so strongly support my mom. And for me, I think, a real progressive is someone who has a record of making progress. And my mom has a stronger and deeper record on fighting for reproductive rights, fighting for equal rights, fighting for early childhood education, fighting for the right of every child ... she helped create the children's health insurance program. She hasn't just talked about health-care reform, she's been engaged in creating health-care reform that has impacted the lives of millions and millions of American kids. She has a deeper and stronger record on foreign policy. She helped create the coalition that imposed sanctions on Iran that brought them to the negotiating table to cap their progress on nuclear fissile material development. It's about keeping our country safe but also creating more equal and equitable opportunity in our country, particularly for historically marginalized parts of society: women, minorities, LGBT community. I don't know how to answer that question, except to say that I think that my mother is a real progressive and has the real record of progress to prove that.
[instagram ]https://www.instagram.com/p/BBL5FDvkPvk/?taken-by=hillaryclinton[/instagram]
Donald Trump has called your dad an abuser of women, and your mom his enabler. What do you think of his attacks on your parents?
I find what Donald Trump — and many of the Republicans, because it's not only Mr. Trump — say about Americans far more troubling than what he says about my parents. And people have been attacking my parents my whole life, so maybe I am just inured to that, but I tend to think that people who are at the forefront of progress do attract more negative attention from those who want to protect the status quo.
But what I have found surprising and really disturbing in this election cycle is the broad-based misogyny and sexism and racism and Islamophobia and jingoism and homophobia and anti-immigrant rhetoric. All of that is coming out from the Republican side. That somehow has become normalized because it's now just so common, not only [for] Mr. Trump, but for other candidates to say things that I think are so fundamentally un-American. To call into the question the right of any person who has chosen to come to our country with the intent of working hard and making a contribution and wants a chance at the American Dream, to somehow say that that person disqualifies from being here because of the country they come from, their sexual orientation, or the religion they adhere to — that's what I find far more troubling, and I find that troubling because that does seem to have become unexceptional in a really perverse way. The hate speech that has somehow become one of the main calling cards of Republicans, I find really, really troubling.
Have you spent any time with Ivanka Trump on the trail?
I am absolutely friends with Ivanka and I am grateful for her friendship. And I'm always going to believe, because this is how my parents raised me, that friendship is more important than politics. And we were friends before the campaign and I have no doubt that we'll be friends after the campaign. But no, we don't talk about politics, because that's not where our friendship began and it's certainly, thankfully, not where our friendship will end.
What's different about this campaign compared to Hillary Clinton's 2008 campaign?
On a public level, I think there's a profound difference because in 2007, 2008, the question was really: What do we to repair the damage that President Bush's administration had reaped on our country, economically, fiscally, as well as to repair the standing of America and the world? And additionally, how to actually have honest, comprehensive efforts on work that had been neglected in the Bush administration, whether addressing climate change or women's rights or equal rights in the LGBT community?
Whereas right now, at least from my perspective, the critical question for Democrats — and I would only speak for Democrats here — is how do we protect the progress that has been made under President Obama here at home and abroad for the United States, and build on that progress on many of the same issues — women's rights, equal rights for the LGBT community, continuing to treat climate change and energy as a real opportunity for American economic growth and strength and so much more?
On a personal level, my grandmother was alive the last time we were all in Iowa together. My mother's mother [Dorothy Rodham], who both my mother and I have written about and talked about as being such a profound influence in our lives. Even though she's no longer with us, we both think about her every day and she remains such a strong North Star for each of us.
For me, the largest difference is that I'm a mom now and I wasn't when my mom last ran. I'm so grateful my parents raised me to understand that who runs for and who holds political office matters at every level of government. And yet, this is the first presidential election I'll vote in as a mom. Everything just feels that much more important. And I think that's not an uncommon evolution for those of us who choose to and become parents.
[instagram ]https://www.instagram.com/p/BBLo-RmEPhS/?taken-by=hillaryclinton[/instagram]
What are the three biggest issues young American women face today, and how will Hillary Clinton's campaign address those issues?
I wouldn't be so arrogant to talk for all young American women, but certainly from my perspective I think there are a few key issues that we face at this moment and time. One is clearly the economy. We know we need to do a couple of things to ensure that more Americans, particularly young Americans, women and men, can have good paying jobs. One is to ensure that college and graduate school — because it's not just about college — are affordable and accessible to everyone. The second is that we really need to raise the minimum wage. Two-thirds of the minimum wageworkers are women, and many of those are young women, so I think it's an issue that all young women should care about. Third on the economy, we finally need to have equal pay for equal work. There's no profession, whether we think about women who work on factory lines or women who run large companies ... nowhere can we find areas of our economy where women are paid equal to men.
I think another big issue is reproductive rights, and this is something we're not paying enough attention to, and is something that is really at risk. Since 2010, there have been more than 300 laws passed at the local and the state level across the country restricting a woman's right to choose. The next president will appoint up to three justices of the Supreme Court, and many of those laws that I just mentioned are being currently contested and are expected to reach the Supreme Court at some point in the next few years. It matters to me that my mom is the only candidate who has consistently talked about in her speeches, also in the debates, about protecting a woman's right to choose, [and] protecting Planned Parenthood, which provides comprehensive health services to low-income women across our country. To me, that's also an issue that relates to our economy, because wealthier women have always had choices. Low-income and middle-class women haven't, and so protecting a woman's right to choose is about protecting, in my view, women's rights, a fundamental human right, and also an economic right.
The third big thing that I would mention is equal rights for the LGBT community, and I think this is something else that is not talked about enough. There's still 31 states where it's legal to discriminate against someone on the basis of their gender identity or sexual orientation. That particularly affects young people, who want to be able to make choices about their education, want to be able to make choices about where to live, or to be able to make choices about where to work, and in some places it's still legal to restrict those choices.
These are all things I care about so much more as a mom. I want my children to be able to be whoever they are and to be embraced for being whoever they are, not just accepted or tolerated, but actually embraced and respected and supported.
Has there been any family time on the campaign trail? If so, do you have any interesting or fun moments you can tell us about?
I just love being with my mom and I am so grateful to have the opportunity to campaign for her right now. Being on the trail also provides a chance to see her. I haven't had a chance to see her much because she's been working so hard, and I just treasure every moment we have together, whether we're in a hotel room or in a car.
We're always talking and laughing about [my 16-month-old daughter] Charlotte, and what has made this time in Iowa so special is Charlotte is actually here. My husband Marc [Mezvinsky] and Charlotte came to Iowa yesterday afternoon and so we all were able to spend the morning together. And she is just totally into anything and everything that relates to an animal. She makes the most adorable animal sounds. She roars like a lion, and she quacks like a duck, and she bahs like a goat, and she opens and closes her mouth like she thinks an alligator does, and she kind of pounds her chest like she thinks a monkey does, and it's just endlessly amusing ... we find it just the best antidote to anything.
If Hillary Clinton were elected president, would you and your family move into the White House?
May we be so lucky to have that opportunity and choice, and I certainly hope that my mother would be our next president, and I'm going to do everything I can to help make that happen. Our life is very much in New York, but I certainly hope that we will continue to celebrate all of our holidays together, whether that would be in Washington [D.C.] or in New York ... even though I do have very fond memories of Christmas celebrations at the White House when I was growing up.
Follow Prachi on Twitter.
Since the start of the Premier Development League season, Tommy Wheeldon Jr. has described his team's journey as a ‘Cinderella story.'
If we're casting Foothills FC in the Cinderella role, then with the way things are going, she's collected an awful lot of glass slippers. Her closet must be bursting, really.
On Saturday, the Calgary squad picked up their latest in a long line of treasured victories, beating the Ocean City Nor'easters 3-0 and booking a place in the PDL final.
The win had Wheeldon, the team's English head coach, asking one question.
“If we win (the championship) are we allowed — like any other American sport — to call ourselves the world champions?” Wheeldon said, before letting out the laugh of a man whose team has surpassed all expectations. “The under-23 world champion. That's what I might announce and then do a mic drop.”
If Wheeldon is feeling good about himself and his team, few can blame him.
The team made its debut in the PDL — North America's top under-23 development league — in 2015, and while they played an enjoyable brand of soccer, they didn't exactly light the world on fire.
That led to modest expectations heading into their sophomore season. They wanted to make the playoffs, but nobody was talking about a North American championship in the days leading up to the first ball being kicked.
In the time since, they finished atop the Northwest Division standings — edging out development squads from big MLS clubs like the Seattle Sounders and Portland Timbers — and were crowned Western Conference champions by beating the Sounders, the Golden State Force and FC Tucson.
Those wins meant that anything that happened on Saturday in New Jersey against the Nor'easters was simply icing on the cake. But boy is that cake now tasting delicious.
After a first half in which both teams had their chances, the Calgary squad emerged in the second half and — to put it plainly — ran their opponents off the field.
In the 53rd minute, Ajeej Sakaria took a beautiful feed from Dominic Russo, turned quickly and fired into the back of the Nor'easters net.
“What a lovely turn and finish,” Wheeldon said. “As soon as that went in, I knew the boys wouldn't give up a goal.
“It was always going to be the best attack (the Nor'easters) against the best defence (Foothills).”
Needing a goal, the Nor'easters began pushing up the field, leaving space at the back for the Calgary crew to exploit.
And exploit they did. In the 68th minute, Kyle Jones stepped up to take a free kick deep in Nor'easters territory, and Foothills supporters watching the game on YouTube were celebrating as soon as the ball left his foot. In a blink of an eye, the ball was in the top corner and Foothills were suddenly on the verge of playing for the PDL championship.
“(Jones) is only a young lad, he's 19 but he did something in pre-season like that,” Wheeldon said. “Jonesy was the man, as soon as he stepped up there was a quiet confidence about him and he just whipped it and it went in.”
A third goal from Nico Pasquotti put the game completely out of reach, and meant that Foothills FC will be playing the Michigan Bucks, who blanked Midland/Odessa Sockers FC 3-0 in Saturday's other semifinal, next weekend for the PDL championship at a site to be determined.
daustin@postmedia.com
On Twitter: @DannyAustin_9
You probably know someone that is ALWAYS lucky. That friend who randomly meets interesting people, who stumbled upon an amazing apartment, and who found her dream job while not even looking for it. These things never happen to you! Sounds familiar?
So, is it true that some people are luckier in life than others? And is there a way to simply become a lucky person yourself? Let's see what science has to say about it.
Do Some People Have More Luck Than Others?
Yes. Research shows that some personality traits attract luck. Being extraverted is one of them. When you are more open to human interaction, there is a higher chance of meeting great people. On the other hand, anxious people are less likely to take advantage of new opportunities.
According to Richard Wiseman, psychology professor and author of The Luck Factor: “Lucky people create, notice, and act upon the chance opportunities in their lives.”
How Can You Create Your Own Luck?
We now know that some people are more lucky than others. They attract more luck because of their personality, behavior and mindset. By studying these lucky people we can uncover behaviors that attract luck.
1) Create your own opportunities
Put yourself out there
It's pretty simple. How are you going to create and optimize opportunities when you are sitting at home doing nothing? You have to go out there. You have to try new stuff. You have to be open to meeting new people and having new experiences.
This means you have to take some more risks than you are used to. Yes, you have to get out of your comfort zone. Go to that interesting event where you don't know anyone. Go travel alone. Have dinner with that fun person you just met.
Putting yourself out there is difficult when you are stuck in your routine. How will anything serendipitous happen, when you have planned every minute of your day?
As Wiseman says: “Unlucky people tend to be creatures of routine. They tend to take the same route to and from work and talk to the same types of people at parties. In contrast, many lucky people try to introduce variety into their lives.”
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity
The Roman philosopher Seneca was right. Luck is not about ‘just being lucky'. When you want something, you will have the best chance of getting it when you know your stuff. Let's say you are a consultant who is secretly dreaming of becoming a fashion journalist. While meeting with a business client he tells you that his wife is the owner of a top notch fashion magazine and is looking for new employees. You feel bad because you would LOVE to do that, and now you actually have a personal connection to land your dream job. BUT…you have never written a fashion article. Not ONE. Not even for yourself.
You can have all the opportunities in the world but without preparation it's pretty hard to take advantage of them.
We always think that celebrities are exceptionally lucky to have achieved their status. But remember that all of them have WORKED HARD to get there. It's one of the most competitive fields to become successful in and without preparation you are nowhere. Beyonce wasn't just lucky, she worked hard. As did Oprah, Walt Disney, Elon Musk, Jimmy Fallon and so on.
2) Look on the bright side of life
Let's back to the whole ‘putting yourself out there' part. You are probably thinking: ‘When I put myself out there more, I also have a bigger chance of being unlucky. I might meet some jerks. I might get sick from a meal. I might miss my flight!'
True. And misfortune WILL happen to you. It happens to all of us. But another difference between lucky and unlucky people is that lucky people see the GOOD in the BAD. They see what could have been worse. Or they notice what this misfortune brought them that turned out to be a good thing after all.
They are also more optimistic: they EXPECT good things to happen. Optimistic people are luckier because believing in a good outcome actually increases the chance of a good outcome. You are more likely to persevere and you are more resilient when you have a positive look on something.
3) Listen to your intuition
The study by Richard Wiseman shows that around 20% more lucky than unlucky people used their intuition when making financial and career decisions. Around 85% of lucky people reported trusting their intuition when it came to personal relationships and career choices.
Lucky people know how to listen to their intuition. When having to make a decision, lucky people not only THINK but also FEEL. Intuition is important because our brain can subconsciously detect certain patterns which we don't consciously recognize as such. When something doesn't feel right, unlucky people tend to brush this off more and stick with the rational decision. These hunches however, can prevent us from making bad decisions.
Now it's your turn. Everyone can use a little more good luck. Will you put this into practice?
By Crewman Becky | September 9, 2010 - 8:57 pm
First off, let's start by wishing Jeffrey Combs a very Happy Birthday today!! We love ya!!
One of our favorite Star Trek actors of all time, Shran (I mean) Jeffrey Combs, will be performing his one-man stage show "Nevermore" at Fantastic Fest in Austin, TX near the end of this month. The show, which is described as "an evening with Edgar Allan Poe," harkens back to the end of Poe's life when he would give live readings of his stories on stage. Oh, shivers! Jeffrey Combs seems tailor made for this play (although we're pretty sure it was the other way around). Not only does he resemble the dark writer of old, but his famous facial expressions and acting prowess are sure to bring Poe back to life with a vigor (see what we did there?), and cause audiences to squeee with delight! We are certainly NOT going to miss this performance and we suggest you don't either.
“Nevermore” will be running 9/29-10/2 (7pm each night) at the Alamo Drafthouse, South Lamar. Be sure you buy the correct tickets. The first two nights are for Fantastic Fest badge holders, while the last two are open to the general public. Also consider attending Fantastic Fest, to see a special a showing of "From Beyond" and "Reanimator" with Jeffrey & Director Stuart Gordon.
You can find more info about the play, times, tickets, and location here.
See you guys there!!
Stuart Gordon & Jeffrey Combs discuss 'Nevermore".
The amazing Larry Nemecek interviews Jeffrey Combs about "Nevermore"
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With Russia's incursion into Ukraine reviving Cold War-style tensions, President Barack Obama is at risk of suffering a blow to his credibility at a time when he can least afford it: as he tries to convince voters to stick with his fellow Democrats in congressional elections that will help shape his legacy.
A Ukrainian serviceman uses binoculars as he stands guard on the territory of a military unit located in the village of Lyubimovka near a local airfield, some 80 km (50 miles) southwest of Simferopol, Crimea's capital March 3, 2014. REUTERS/Vasily Fedosenko
For five years, Obama has practiced a cautious approach to foreign policy crises, prizing sober diplomacy and the search for consensus over brinkmanship, in prolonged conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan.
But the deliberative style that Obama's team sees as a statesmanlike attitude in tune with Americans' war-weariness, was described as dithering in the crisis over Syria, where the United States long discussed military action without committing.
Facing his toughest test yet in Ukraine, Obama is once again finding himself portrayed as a weak leader, outmaneuvered by a wily, opportunistic Russian President Vladimir Putin intent on reviving the United States' nemesis.
His popularity has already been suffering because of the disastrous roll out of his signature healthcare plan last October and the U.S. economy's slow recovery from recession.
Now, Republicans are using Ukraine as further ammunition against him ahead of the November elections.
The Ukraine crisis, said Republican Senator John McCain in a speech on Monday, is “the ultimate result of a feckless foreign policy where nobody believes in America's strengths anymore.”
It's not only Republicans who are giving less than rave reviews to Obama's strategy. The Washington Post's lead editorial on Monday was about Obama and Ukraine and was entitled “The risks of wishful thinking.”
“For five years President Obama has led a foreign policy based more on how he thinks the world should operate than on reality,” it said.
Obama seemed to have been caught off-guard by Putin's seizure of the Crimea region of southern Ukraine. He is now scrambling to put together a package of economic sanctions aimed at isolating Russia.
Targeted asset freezes against key Russian officials are a possibility. A G8 summit that Obama and allies are to attend in Sochi, Russia, in June is on hold.
“Obviously, the facts on the ground in Crimea are deeply troubling and Russia has a large army that borders Ukraine. But what is also true is that over time this will be a costly proposition for Russia,” Obama said on Monday.
This will not be enough to satisfy critics who fear Putin is taking a step toward restoring the old Soviet Union that he served as a KGB colonel. Putin's adventure in Ukraine, they say, is the final proof that Obama's policy of resetting U.S. relations with Russia in a search for common ground is dead.
For Obama, the Ukraine crisis is a dramatic diversion from attempts to stay focused largely on domestic affairs in a congressional election year that may represent his last best chance for legacy-building achievements before Americans look past him and focus on the 2016 presidential campaign.
The president and fellow Democrats are struggling to hang on to control of the Senate and build up their numbers in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives in November elections.
In addition to using the Ukraine crisis as another cudgel against Democrats in this year's congressional elections, Republicans also see it a possible line of attack in the 2016 presidential race. Some potential Republican White House hopefuls, such as Florida Senator Marco Rubio, have been pushing a more assertive foreign-policy approach.
“The president must now accept that the only way to deal with tyrants like Vladimir Putin is with a clear understanding that they can't be trusted and that only decisive action will deter their provocative moves,” Rubio said.
White House officials frequently point out that Obama's more cautious approach is in sync Americans' weariness of foreign wars.
“He has a leadership style for foreign policy consistent with what the American people want to see done in the world today,” said Mike McCurry, a former State Department and White House spokesman for President Bill Clinton. “That kind of severely limits the posture you can have for robust foreign policy when the American people really want us to pull back.”
In the case of Ukraine, White House officials say, Obama's actions are already hurting Russia because the threat of sanctions has rattled financial markets there and undermined Putin's attempt to buff the image of Russia after having hosted the Sochi Winter Olympics.
“We're already seeing Russia pay a real cost for its actions in Ukraine,” White House deputy national security adviser Tony Blinken told CNN. “All this is undermining how Putin defines his power.”
This is what Thomas Alan Schwartz, a presidential historian at Vanderbilt University, calls “an international shaming of Putin, trying to make it seem like Putin is on the wrong side of history.”
McCain said this won't be enough. The Republican senator has been sharply critical of Putin and first raised the issue of Ukraine in a 2008 presidential debate as he ran against Obama.
McCain now says the United States should respond to Putin's move in Ukraine by bolstering military ties with the Baltic nations, Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia, and welcome Georgia as a NATO member.
Photo: MD Helicopters
The US State Department has approved a possible foreign miitary sale to Kenya for MD 530 aircraft. The estimated cost is $253 million.
The United States government has cleared the sale of 12 new America-made light attack helicopter gunships to the Kenyan government as the East African nation continues to build up its military arsenal in the face of mounting security challenges.
The US State Department said the deal, which has been approved despite opposition to an earlier weapons purchase deal Kenya had sought from the US government, is estimated to be worth $253 million and includes the provision of MD 530F 'cayuse warrior' light attack helicopters, 24 HMP 400 machine gun pod systems, 24 M260 rocket launcher systems, and assorted ammunition.
The Business Daily has learned that the US Army Security Assistance Command is now expected to send Kenya a formal letter of offer and acceptance (LOA).
Kenya must then make a decision whether or not to accept the terms.
The US Defence Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) said in a statement dated May 2 that the latest sale will go towards helping Kenya "modernise its rotorcraft fleet in order to improve border security, undertake operations against Somali-based jihadist group, Al-Shabaab, and as a troop contributor to the African Union Mission in Somalia (Amisom)."
"The State Department has made a determination approving a possible Foreign Military Sale to Kenya for MD 530 aircraft. The estimated cost is $253 million. The Defence Security Cooperation Agency delivered the required certification notifying Congress of this possible sale on May 1, 2017," the notice said.
The list of equipment to be provided includes 12 MD-530F weaponised helicopters, 24 heavy machinegun pods, 24 M260 rocket pods, 4,032 M151 high-explosive rockets, 1,536 M274 smoke rockets, 400,000 rounds of .50 caliber ammunition as well as communications/navigation equipment.
Kenya will also get logistics support, training and technical assistance, spare parts and field service support and special assigned airlift mission (SAAM) flight delivery under the deal.The helicopter in the proposed sale has been used for a similar mission scope by the Afghan Air Force.
"No good"
The efficacy of the American-made light attack helicopter gunships has, however, been recently questioned, according to an interview published in the New York Times.
The influential publication quoted Afghanistan's most decorated pilot, Colonel Qalandar Shah Qalandari, saying, among other things, that the new helicopters cannot reach areas where Taliban insurgents operate from since it cannot cross the mountain ranges that surround Kabul, and that the aircraft is also dangerous to operate.
"It's unsafe to fly, the engine is too weak, the tail rotor is defective and it's not armoured. If we go down after the enemy we're going to have enemy return fire, which we can't survive. If we go up higher, we can't visually target the enemy," he said. "Even the guns are no good."
But in making the Kenya sale deal public, the US Defence Security Cooperation Agency said the proposed sale will advance Kenya's efforts to conduct "scout and attack rotary wing aircraft operations in support of their Amisom mission."
The MD 530F will also replace Kenya's aging MD500 fleet, which currently constitutes the core of the reconnaissance equipment supporting the country's ground forces, the agency added.
"This sale will significantly enhance the Kenyan Army's modernisation efforts and increase interoperability with the US Armed Forces and other partners in the region," the agency said, adding that a strong national defence and dedicated military force will assist Kenya in its efforts to maintain stability in East Africa.
The principal contractor for the planned sale is identified as MD Helicopters, Mesa, Arizona.
Execution of the proposed sale will require the assignment of approximately 12 additional contractor representatives for a period of 12 months, it said.
The notice of a potential sale is required by US law and does not mean the sale has been concluded, it added.
Military hardware upgrade
Kenya has consistently upgraded its military hardware in recent years, raising its spending on the armed forces to $960 million last year to stand above those of neighbouring Ethiopia and Uganda combined, according to a recent global report.
Nairobi spent $933 million on its military last year, a 10.5 per cent growth from $844 million in 2015 -- a move that is seen as having the potential to upset the military power balance in the region.
In February this year Kenya's bid to procure $418 million worth of weapons from a US contractor stalled in the face of opposition from a US congressman who sought to block the deal citing faulty contracting practices, fraud and unfair treatment surrounding the sale.
US Congressman Ted Budd urged his colleagues to block and investigate the deal, claiming a company in his home state would sell Kenya planes better suited to their envisioned purpose at less than half the quoted price.
FILE - In this March 2, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump gestures as he speaks to Navy and shipyard personnel aboard nuclear aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford at Newport News Shipbuilding in Newport News, Va. (AP Photo/Steve Helber, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over by the last president.
You would not know this from President Donald Trump.
He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama's time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for:
—big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president.
—corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making.
—an infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities.
—a tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama's presidency.
—a $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president.
—his plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none.
Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly — the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed.
That mission “was started before I got here,” Trump said.
It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week:
TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, “Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice.”
THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal.
Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money.
___
TRUMP: “According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America's taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.”
THE FACTS: That's not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants “contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services.”
The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants' children “are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population.” This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013.
The report found that the “long-run fiscal impact” of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive “if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account.”
___
TRUMP: “We've saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price” of the F-35 jet fighter.
THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president.
The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 — after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company's CEO about it.
Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, “I don't see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this.”
___
TRUMP: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.”
THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama's presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel's high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth.
Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers.
More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump's term, on March 10.
___
TRUMP: His budget plan will offer “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.”
THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures.
And going back farther, his increase doesn't come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
___
TRUMP: “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force.”
THE FACTS: That's true, but for the vast majority of them, it's because they choose to be.
That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn't have a job and isn't looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working.
They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast.
It's true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation's unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade.
___
TRUMP: “Our Navy is now the smallest it's been since, believe or not, World War I. Don't worry. It's going to soon be the largest it's been.”
THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it's been, or anything close.
The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I — bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful.
The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example.
The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a “peace dividend” from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships.
The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump's military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching — much less exceeding — the enormous armada of another age.
The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It's unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level.
___
TRUMP: “According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home — from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center.”
THE FACTS: It's unclear what Justice Department data he's citing, but the most recent government information doesn't back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens.
Even the attacks Trump singled out weren't entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago.
It's true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI's primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that's no longer the case.
The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens.
___
TRUMP on military capability: “We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world.”
THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world's best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons.
The Navy's top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world's finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson's main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets.
“We will not be able to ‘buy' our way out of the challenges that we face,” he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority.
___
Find all AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd
___
Associated Press writers Robert Burns, Alicia A. Caldwell, Eric Tucker, Lolita C. Baldor and Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report.
10. John Fitzgerald Kennedy
> Net worth: $1 billion (never inherited his father's fortune)
> In office: 1961 – 1963
> 35th president
Born into great wealth, Kennedy's wife was oil heiress. His father was one of the wealthiest men in America, as well as was the first chairman of the SEC. Almost all of JFK's income and property came from a trust shared with other family members.
9. William Jefferson Clinton
> Net worth: $38 million
> In office: 1993 – 2001
> 42nd president
Unlike other presidents, Clinton did not inherit any wealth and gained little net worth during 20 plus years of public service. After his time in the White House, however, he earned a substantial income as an author and public speaker. Clinton received a large advance for autobiography. His wife, the current Secretary of State, also has earned money as an author.
8. Franklin Delano Roosevelt
> Net worth: $60 million
> In office: 1933 – 1945
> 32nd president
Roosevelt's wealth came through inheritance and marriage. He owned the 800-acre Springwood estate, as well as properties in Georgia, Maine and New York. In 1919, his mother had to bail him out of financial difficulty. He spent most of his adult life in public service. Before he was president, Roosevelt was appointed assistant secretary of the Navy by President Wilson.
7. Herbert Clark Hoover
> Net worth: $75 million
> In office: 1929 – 1933
> 31st president
An orphan, Hoover was raised by his uncle, a doctor. He made a fortune as a mining company executive. He had a very large salary for 17 years and had extensive holdings in mining companies. Hoover donated his presidential salary to charity. He also owned “Hoover House” in Monterey, Calif.
6. Lyndon Baines Johnson
> Net worth: $98 million
> In office: 1963 – 1969
> 36th president
Johnson's father lost all of the family's money when LBJ was a boy. Over time, he accumulated 1,500 acres in Blanco County, Tex., which included his home, called the “Texas White House.” He and his wife owned a radio and television station in Austin, Tex., and had a variety of other moderate holdings, including livestock and private aircraft.
North Manchester-based Precision Medical Technologies plans to launch an operation to produce disposable surgical instruments in Wabash County. The orthopedic technology contract manufacturer says it will invest nearly $5 million and add up to 60 jobs over four years. Precision Medical Technologies has existing facilities in Warsaw and Rome City.
The company currently employs 140 in Wabash and Noble counties and plans to start hiring positions in engineering, quality assurance, finishing, scheduling and CNC machining at the beginning of the year. Pay for the new jobs is expected to be more than 20 percent higher than the average wage in Wabash County.
President Kurt Kamholz says "we at Precision Medical Technologies are looking forward to establishing our third manufacturing facility in Wabash County and are excited to take advantage of a competent and available workforce, proximity to our supply base and significant opportunities for ongoing technical training. The community of North Manchester has been instrumental in assisting us in finding a location to meet both our current and future expectations for a successful operations facility."
Precision Medical Technologies has already started renovations on the 9,000 square-foot facility and says it could be operational early next year. The Indiana Economic Development Corp. is offering up to $475,000 in conditional tax and training incentives for the company. It is scheduled to discuss additional incentives with the town of North Manchester next week.
You can connect to more about the expansion by clicking here.
TPM has obtained the complaint filed by Shirley Sherrod in D.C. Superior Court against Andrew Breitbart. The suit alleges that Sherrod was forced to resign last year after the defendants “ignited a media firestorm by publishing false and defamatory statements.”Three defendants are named: Breitbart, Breitbart.tv head Larry O'Connor and a “John Doe,” who allegedly edited the original video of Sherrod's speech, and “whose identity has been concealed by the other Defendants,” according to the complaint.
The complaint alleges that the defendants “defamed Mrs. Sherrod by editing and publishing an intentionally false and misleading clip,” which went on to do “extensive and irreparable harm to Mrs. Sherrod and her reputation.”
The suit asks for Breitbart's post and the video to be pulled down by Breitbart and O'Connor, as well as for an order to prevent the defendants from “engaging in future tortious conduct against Mrs. Sherrod,” and seeks compensatory damages of no less than $5,001 and additional punitive damages.
“Most difficult for Mrs. Sherrod is her inability to continue in a career that she loved,” the complaint states.
Read the whole complaint here.
by marathemara
DAVE: so do you know this stuff cause youre from the future or cause youre a sprite
DAVESPRITE: both
DAVESPRITE: theres all sorts of stuff i suddenly knew about the game when i became this orange feathery asshole
DAVE: so now youre like
DAVE: a wise feathery asshole
DAVESPRITE: i am fuckin filthy with wisdom its sick
DAVESPRITE: i mostly know stuff about your personal quest
DAVESPRITE: what used to be my quest but i guess i got to deal with not being alpha dave no more
DAVE: yeah i guess
DAVESPRITE: shrug
DAVESPRITE: its all good
[http://www.mspaintadventures.com/?s=6&p=004736]
The Knight of Time and the Prince of Heart are, by their mythical natures, prone to generating copies of themselves, Dave by splitting off doomed timelines and Dirk by splintering his own identity into robot after robot. Today we're going to look at my favorite Strider splinter: Davesprite, created when a doomed Dave went back in time to stop his past self from prototyping Lil Cal by jumping into the sprite himself.
My first impression of the Dave that creates Davesprite is that he's a much more mature and levelheaded version of Dave. Having used Lil Cal for his second prototyping, he'd ended up with a basically useless sprite and had to learn everything about the game's mythology and how to kill imps by himself. He also knows he's in a doomed timeline, which tends to be a sobering thought. During his four months level grinding in a timeline without John or Jade, where his only company is a hysterically laughing Calsprite and occasional messages from Rose, he grows up a lot. He is then able to decide it's time to go back and change the timeline, and after all his time traveling, he is now the person with the power to do it.
Davesprite goes on to advise Dave, both as sprite and as alternate future self, and to protect Dave's friends, but even after all that, he's still endearingly Davelike. He can be distracted by Terezi's funny photomanipulations, and he share's Dave's interest in Sweet Bro and Hella Jeff, and makes references to it all over the place, but he also gets to keep the Strider identity crisis.
Davesprite's sacrifice weighs heavy on him. By giving up his place as Alpha Dave, he's made sure the game can continue, but he still regrets it. He groups himself with Daves who died of being in the wrong place at the wrong time, not feeling like his otherwise heroic actions count for anything because he's “not the real Dave.”
His friends also aren't sure what to do with him. During their journey through the Yellow Yard, John has no trouble thinking of Davesprite as Dave, “just a magical orange dave with wings!” But Jade, who spent more time with Davesprite on the trip, sees him as different from Alpha Dave in ways she can't explain and insists that his name is “Davesprite” rather than “Dave sprite,” making him fundamentally different from Dave rather than just another version of Dave.
Davesprite probably interprets all this in entirely the wrong way, thinking that Jade is interested in him because he's a version of Dave. When Jade says he broke up with her because “hes just going through a lot of stuff right now“, the Strider identity crisis is probably a factor in that. It's also what drives him to leave John and Jade once they reach the new session.
Davesprite resolves his identity crisis by going off with the sprites to try being a sprite instead of a Dave. We haven't seen how this pans out yet. I hope he can figure things out and continue to be helpful–maybe not to Dave anymore, but maybe to his post-Scratch counterpart, the Automatic Responder, who's been having similar problems with being a copy of Dirk. And I hope we get to see more of Davesprite, because of all the Daves in Homestuck, he's still my favorite.
Phone Story was pulled from the iTunes App Store on Tuesday September 13 at 11.35am, only few hours after its official announcement.
Apple explained that the game is in violation of the following guidelines*:
15.2 Apps that depict violence or abuse of children will be rejected
16.1 Apps that present excessively objectionable or crude content will be rejected
21.1 Apps that include the ability to make donations to recognized charitable organizations must be free
21.2 The collection of donations must be done via a web site in Safari or an SMS
We contest the violation 21.1 and 21.2 since it's not possible to make donations through Phone Story. Molleindustria simply pledged to redirect the revenues to no-profit organizations, acting independently.
The 901 users who managed to buy the app before it went offline are now owners of a rare collector edition piece.
Phone story is now available on the Android market, on Apptrackr for jailbroken iOS devices and online. We are currently working on on a open standard compliant version in Processing.js.
We'll be posting further updates on our twitter
Contact:
> Back to the homepage
* From App Store Review Guidelines (the document is only visible to logged-in developers).
This is basically a mystery and I guessed the ending very early so that was disappointing. I just thought about who would be the most unlikely suspect, that, with one clue and mystery solved.
This is a historically set mystery and I did enjoy the historical narrative. It was interesting to follow the early development of San Francisco. Navigating the streets and alleyways in long skirts - the noise, odors and international mix of people made for a crazy place to be for sure. That said, this is the craziest mix of people and events thrown together - and not in a good way. There aren't any characters that I would call sympathetic - they are all corrupt in some way or just plain unlikable.
If you like books with a lot of sex - the author throws a hefty dose of that in when things start to drag.
I forced my self to read the book to the end - just so I could confirm the culprit. My recommendation is save yourself the pain.
“Desperate” migrants attempting to access the UK are putting strain on the state's security services and leaving the country “unable to defend itself,” Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said.
The senior Tory politician was sharply criticized by Labour MPs for scaremongering, after he told the BBC that the solution to the Calais migrant crisis was to return hopeful economic migrants back to their country of origin.
READ MORE: UKIP MEP says he stopped 25 Calais migrants from entering Britain
Speaking during a visit to Singapore on Sunday, Hammond said Africans will always want to make their way to Europe.
“The gap in standards of living between Europe and Africa means there will always be millions of Africans with the economic motivation to try to get to Europe,” he said.
“So long as there are large numbers of pretty desperate migrants marauding around the area, there always will be a threat to the tunnel security. We've got to resolve this problem ultimately by being able to return those who are not entitled to claim asylum back to their countries of origin.”
‘Stop scapegoating immigrants!' Hundreds hit on Yarl's Wood detention center (PHOTOS, VIDEO) http://t.co/mghsAOoOTNpic.twitter.com/JOnghuKhcg — RT UK (@RTUKnews) August 8, 2015
Hammond argued current immigration laws aren't “sustainable” because migrants are “confident” they won't be sent home.
“Now that is not a sustainable situation because Europe can't protect itself, preserve its standard of living and social infrastructure if it has to absorb millions of migrants from Africa,” he said.
His comments were criticized by Labour leadership hopefuls Yvette Cooper, Liz Kendall and Jeremy Corbyn.
Shadow Home Secretary Cooper said his remarks were “alarmist and unhelpful,” adding that many of the migrants are fleeing conflict.
“As NGOs have pointed out, many of those crossing the Mediterranean are fleeing a terrible conflict and humanitarian crisis in Syria,” she said.
“Yet Britain is doing too little to help address the European refugee issue. We need practical responses to help refugees, stop people smuggling, and prevent illegal travelling – and European countries need to work together to implement them, not just resort to divisive statements instead.”
Hammond's comments come just a week after Prime Minister David Cameron told ITV News that the migrants in Calais were part of a “swarm of people coming across the Mediterranean” to find economic prosperity in Britain.
'Why are the British borders in Calais?' https://t.co/4Hb3NuNvv7 — RT UK (@RTUKnews) August 8, 2015
Labour leadership candidate Andy Burnham tweeted in response to the comments: “Cameron calling Calais migrants a ‘swarm' is nothing short of disgraceful. Confirms there's no dog-whistle these Bullingdon Boys won't blow.”
In order to tackle the problem, Britain will fund 1,000 guards on the French side of the Channel tunnel, it was announced last week.
The numbers of migrants in The Jungle refugee camp in Calais have soared over the past few months from 1,000 in April to nearly 5,000 by August.
Many have attempted to reach Britain by boarding trains through the tunnel or on freight lorries bound for UK destinations.
At least nine people have died so far this year trying to enter the UK.
Care of premature infants has improved substantially over the years. When Patrick Kennedy was born in 1963 at 34 weeks gestational age (GA), doctors did everything they could to save the president's son, but it wasn't enough. Patrick died of Respiratory Distress Syndrome 39 hours after he was born. His death helped spur the new field of neonatology, but progress was slow. Even in 1974, a baby who weighed less than about 2 pounds, 3 ounces would not have been resuscitated, much less given all that medicine had to offer.
And today, that's a lot. Neonatologists—physicians who specialize in the care of newborns—routinely save babies born at only a little over a pound, and a child like Patrick would be very likely to survive. In fact, neonatologists are fairly confident they can save babies born at 28 weeks GA, and by 30 weeks the odds are excellent.
“The minimum size that we can resuscitate has been going down,” said A. Rebecca Ballard, M.D., a neonatologist and assistant clinical professor of pediatrics at the Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine. The recommended course of treatment is full resuscitation for babies born at 25 weeks GA and older, and for 23-25 weeks GA—the so-called grey zone—the health care providers defer to the parents' judgment. “It's very rare for parents to say ‘no,'” Ballard said. “Almost everybody says, ‘please, do whatever you can,'” even though the parents know that babies born that prematurely often have serious long-term health concerns including blindness, deafness, cerebral palsy, chronic lung disease, intestinal problems, cognitive delays and other problems.
Still, even with these risks, there is a lot that physicians can do. Even before the baby is born, steroids can be given to mothers at risk of preterm labor to speed development of the infant's lungs. Babies with Respiratory Distress Syndrome can be treated with a drug called surfactant, which has been widely used since the 1980s to keep the small air sacs in the lungs from collapsing. Babies with underdeveloped lungs also may receive a treatment called continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) through a special nasal cannula (little tubes that go into the baby's nose). The same CPAP technology used to treat sleep apnea in adults will keep a baby's airway and lungs open and reduce apnea of prematurity.
“We're not intubating babies as much,” Ballard said, “because we're able to maintain a lot of them with non-invasive positive pressure.” Intubation, which is the insertion of a flexible plastic tube into the windpipe to help the baby breathe, is a delicate and painful procedure, so not performing it as often is a good thing for the babies. However, it worries Ballard, who is also the assistant director of the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and director of NICU education at Scott & White Healthcare in Temple, Texas, that pediatric residents will not get enough experience with intubation procedures during their two months in the NICU throughout the course of three-year residencies. To combat that possible shortcoming, residents simulate intubation in life-like baby manikins for additional opportunities.
The ultimate goal is to have fewer babies born prematurely in the first place. “Some admissions to the NICU have decreased because of the new standards in obstetric medicine to avoid elective delivery before 39 weeks,” Ballard said. (Although premature infants are not the only ones in the NICU, premature birth is one of the most common reasons babies are there.) Even that difference of a couple of weeks means the babies are a little bigger, with better developed organs, and they don't have the breathing problems, the blood sugar problems and the eating problems that smaller babies do. “That's made a big difference,” Ballard said.
Multiples are still at greater risk, though, with even twins at a higher risk of coming to the NICU than a single birth. In the last few months, Ballard and her colleagues have taken care of triplets and quadruplets, and all seven of the babies did well. Each baby had their own physician, their own respiratory therapist and their own nurse. There is also a speech therapist, a pharmacist, an occupational therapist and a nutritionist on the team. “I like the fast pace and the team aspect of the NICU,” Ballard said. “It's a great working environment. And the best part is most of the time, the babies just need to get bigger, and that's the great thing.”
For Ballard, the best part is being able to see the infants she's cared for leave the hospital healthy. “We had a NICU reunion this past fall, and it was wonderful to see all the babies—now children. They all had purple capes with the words ‘NICU graduate' on the back,” Ballard said. “To see all these little kids running around with purple capes on was pretty awesome.”
“We're not the kind of doctors that people necessarily want to see,” Ballard continued, “but it's always a pleasure whenever we see the babies grow and thrive.”
— Christina Sumners
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 10, 2015, 9:24 PM GMT / Updated May 10, 2015, 9:59 PM GMT By Alex Johnson
An Oregon mom has filed a complaint against United Airlines after it removed her and family from a flight because it said her 15-year-old daughter, who has autism, had become "disruptive."
The woman, Dr. Donna Beegle of Tigard, Oregon — a prominent advocate for anti-poverty programs who frequently consults with state and federal government agencies — was returning home with her family from a trip to Walt Disney World last week when her daughter Juliette became agitated because she was hungry during a layover in Houston, Beegle said.
Beegle said that after she persuaded a flight attendant to give her daughter some hot food, Juliette had calmed down and was quietly watching a movie when "the next thing we hear is we're doing an emergency landing in Salt Lake City," Beegle told NBC station KGW of Portland, Oregon. "We have a passenger on board with a behavior issue."
Police officers boarded the plane and escorted the entire family off, Beegle told the station. "As a mom it ripped my heart out," she said. "I was shaking."
The incident was recorded in a video posted to YouTube that Beegle authenticated. In the video, a passenger can be heard remarking, "It's ridiculous." Another says, "That's going to be a lawsuit."
"Juliette has flown since she was six months," Beegle said in a long account of the incident that she posted to Facebook. "She has been to five countries, 24 states and we have never experienced anything like this."
Beegle called the incident "a sheer case of ignorance," adding: "Prejudice, ignorance and mistreatment are all too common toward people facing poverty," she added. "The parallels between special needs and poverty are striking in that both are causes for judgement, misunderstanding and mistreatment."
In a statement, United said its "crew made the best decision for the safety and comfort of all of our customers and elected to divert to Salt Lake City after the situation became disruptive."
Beegle said Saturday that she has filed official complaints with United and the Federal Aviation Administration and that she plans to sue the airline — not for money, "but rather to ask that airline staff receive training."
Football is practically our national religion, no more so than in the state of Texas, where boys grow up dreaming of playing under the Friday night lights, starring for a college powerhouse, and making it to the pros. That passion comes alive in My All American, a true-story sports movie from the screenwriter of Hoosiers and Rudy.
Freddie Steinmark was one of those gridiron dreamers, a talented and driven Colorado kid whose only flaw was being undersized. Despite an all-star high-school career, he was overlooked by most college coaches… except Darrell Royal at the University of Texas. Royal gave him a scholarship, and Steinmark became a standout defensive back on some of the Longhorns' legendary teams in the late 1960s before a tragic injury changed his life.
In the exclusive new trailer for the film, Finn Wittrock (American Horror Story) stars as Steinmark, and Aaron Eckhart is Coach Royal. Director Angelo Pizzo, who penned Rudy, wanted to create an inspiration role model, and he couldn't have chosen a better subject. “There was nothing false or made up about the Freddie character,” he told EW. “The [film's] principal financier asked me from the get-go, ‘How much of Rudy was true?' I said, ‘Maybe about 70 percent.' … And he looked at me and said, ‘I don't want 70 percent; I want 90 percent. I want to say, ‘The following is a true story.'”
My All American opens in theaters on Nov. 13.
WANT MORE EW? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies, television and music.
Yikes.
Racked is reporting that Neiman Marcus has joined Nordstrom as the latest retail giant to drop Ivanka Trump's namesake line since feeling the effects of the #GrabYourWallet boycott. The grassroots effort has mobilized shoppers to boycott stores that stock Trump's clothing and accessories, and like last week's #DeleteUber hashtag frenzy, it seems to be working. The high-end jewelry from Ivanka Trump's line is no longer for sale on Neiman's site, and Racked confirmed it's been pulled from at least one brick-and-mortar store in New Jersey.
A representative for Neiman Marcus made the following statement:
Neiman Marcus has a very small Ivanka Trump precious jewelry business which is comprised 100 percent of consigned merchandise (merchandise owned by the vendor). Based on productivity we continuously assess whether our brands are carried in stores, on our website, or both.
A Nordstrom representative made a similar statement earlier in the week to Fortune via email, writing, “We've said all along we make buying decisions based on performance … In this case, based on the brand's performance, we've decided not to buy it for this season.” A spokesperson for the brand previously stated: “Nordstrom ordered both apparel and shoes for the spring, and followed through with the orders on the apparel. They canceled the shoe order, kept the apparel order, and moved the apparel from online into stores. It's there.”
As on Neiman's site, Ivanka Trump is no longer listed on Nordstrom's list of designers, although four pairs of Ivanka Trump shoes are currently for sale — on deep discount — on Nordstrom's site.
Image caption Infant mortality drove changes to the 1911 census
Next month, the UK will do its most thorough census yet. A century ago, a new expanded form was evidence of a government's thirst for knowledge in their efforts to help a population stricken by poverty, bad nutrition and high infant mortality.
There are many differences between the 1911 and 2011 census.
That of a hundred years ago was able to fit on a single sheet. Today's is likely to be about 30 pages long.
That of 1911 might be regarded as sexist, implying that if there was a husband in the household he would be head of it. And its language on infirmity, asking householders if they were "lunatic, imbecile or feeble-minded", would be unlikely to pass muster with today's disability campaigners.
Would you like to know what our income is, what each had for breakfast, how long we expect to live and anything else? Annoyed comment from 1911 census respondent
In 1911, as far as work went, the government just wanted to know occupation, industry, and status. In 2011, the census has 15 nuanced questions on work and employment.
And yet there is a great similarity between the 1911 and 2011 censuses - they both represent expansion in what the authorities want to know about the population.
Censuses have been taken since ancient times, often to calculate taxes, or as an assessment of military strength. In Britain the census started in 1801 and was extended to Ireland 20 years later.
The first censuses in the British Isles were not detailed. Every decade more questions were added, but 1911 represented a sea change.
The government wanted to know more detail about people's work, immigration status, their health and most importantly, their fertility. And it seems for the most part, that people duly obliged.
For the 2011 census, there has already been criticism over the cost and intrusiveness of the questioning. People seem to have overcome these qualms in 1911.
"People were certainly more amenable to these questions in 1911 than in 1841," says historian and broadcaster Nick Barratt.
"There was a lot of government investigation into everyday lives. There wasn't the great hooha you get today about cost and intrusiveness."
That's not to say some people weren't unhappy. The King family of Cheshire seemed to be irked, scrawling in pencil: "Would you like to know what our income is, what each had for breakfast, how long we expect to live and anything else?"
They still filled in the form, including the fact that of 67-year-old Mrs King's 10 children, all had survived. This was crucial information for the government.
Document Spoiled 1911 census [1.14mb] Most computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
"Child mortality had been a hot potato for about 40 years," says Dr Julie-Marie Strange, senior lecturer in Victorian Studies at Manchester University. "From the 1860s there is a real anxiety that people don't value infant life very much and that it is too easy to let infants die."
In the Victorian mindset, immorality was the main suspect. The practice of taking out life insurance on babies was banned, notes Dr Strange, over fears that babies were deliberately being allowed to die.
But by the early 20th Century, infant mortality rates were still stubbornly high.
"General mortality rates went into decline from 1870 - the one exception is infant mortality," says Dr Strange. "The 1911 census allows a thorough statistical understanding. It is allowing mapping of that demographic and death rate.
Image caption In 1911 the suffragettes tried to ruin the census by staying out all night
"You start to get massive resources ploughed into infant and child welfare. The infant mortality rates start to decline. A lot of it is health visitors improving nutrition - milk depots where mothers can go and get free milk."
Of course, some people would have been wary about people coming into their homes asking about child deaths and marital status.
"That's quite a sensitive issue. Even asking people how long they had been married was a bit contentious," says Debra Chatfield, of findmypast.co.uk, which has the 1911 census online.
"They may have had children conceived before they married. There was a bit of a trend for people to live as if they were Mr and Mrs but they hadn't taken the formal step."
Working-class men were the group most wary of snooping intruders, says Dr Strange.
"There would have been a degree of suspicion. You have very well-spoken people coming to your house and trying to found out things about you."
2011 census England census has 14 household questions and 40 personal questions
Not all have to be answered
Census day is 27 March
Census can be filled in online England and Wales questions Scotland questions Northern Ireland census
But the strength of the 1911 census was that it was the first to be filled in by householders rather than by enumerators.
This is what makes it such a goldmine for genealogy buffs. Being able to see an ancestor's actual handwriting is often as pleasing as the information garnered, and there are new nuances for the sharp-eyed to spot.
"You have always had phenomena like postcode inflation. If they write their own address you get a sense of that," says Dan Jones, of ancestry.co.uk, who plan to have the 1911 census online soon.
"Even in how people describe themselves you can get a sense of what they are."
The 1911 census also offers an insight into one of the great political movements of 20th Century Britain, the efforts by suffragettes to get the vote for women.
The activists tried to get women to refuse to fill out the census, organising a mass avoidance session near London's Trafalgar Square, prompting a heartfelt plea from the registrar in the Times.
Image caption 2011 could see a return of the Jedi census phenomenon
"It furnishes statistics and materials on which are based most of the measures by which the health and happiness of the community are promoted. In the struggle with disease and poverty and the work for the benefit of the children and the helpless the Census statistics are invaluable," he wrote.
Those "helpless" were counted with the help of a Salvation Army free-meal-and-census evening featuring a menu of bread and mutton soup.
And afterwards, the Times was delighted to report that the suffragettes had failed to avoid being counted. It puts the recent international Jedi census stunt - where people listed their religion as Jedi in tribute to Star Wars - into perspective.
Looking at the 2011 census, the irked members of the King family might have been surprised to see questions on type of heating, ethnicity and religion. Or the baffling question 17: "This question is intentionally left blank go to 18."
The observer from 1911 might also wonder at our obsession over the minutiae of working life. Take question 28: "If a job had been available last week, could you have started it within two weeks?"
If the government of 1911 was curious, the government of 2011 is ravenous for knowledge.
Scott Steiner took to Twitter yet again to respond to an alleged letter sent to him from lawyers representing Hulk Hogan and Eric Bischoff. Steiner has also claimed via Twitter that TNA Wrestling has signed Hulk's daughter Brooke Hogan. The following are Tweet highlights:
Havent tweeted lately bcuz I got a letter from a lawyer representing hogan n bitchoff basically saying They take my tweets seriously and if threats continue they will take to law enforcement….really hogan my Tweets scare you,Ive said worse in interviews on tv,LOL,I want to thank you bcuz your actions speak Louder than any words that i could have spoken,sorry for scaring you maybe I will challenge you to a game Of checkers Just when u didnt think it could get any worse in Tna,it has and guys are pissed bcuz hogan has brought In his no talent daughter,FF'n unbelievable.
Brooke Hogan responded to the recent attacks from Steiner by posting the following on Twitter:
Image by jon|k via Flickr
Yesterday I was updating some stuff on Facebook, and I was looking at my status and decided to change it. I thought “engaged” seemed more apt than “in a relationship.” Now, I'm not really officially engaged, but there isn't an option for “shacking up.” And since The Boyfriend and I have been really bonding in a nice way lately, I thought it just seemed more appropriate. I mean, we already refer to each other as fiances when making business calls and when talking to people who don't exactly know us.
I had no idea that changing my status was going to cause such a stir amongst my Facebook friends. But man, was I popular for awhile!
To be fair, I have had three engagement rings throughout the duration of our relationship. The first was a faux (and flashy!) diamond ring that I won from an Avon Christmas party. It was way too big, but I wore it anyway. The second one came at the beginning of this year, when I had to take The Boyfriend back to the hospital, after a year of being in and out of them due to his health. On our way out, he spotted something shiny on the ground. Someone had thrown out a man's white gold wedding band , and a white gold and diamond engagement ring. So, he gave me the engagement ring, and since it was real, I wore it anywhere where I might want to deter men from hitting on me (like Goodwill). I got the third the other day, from our hopeless friend, who buys an engagement ring every week for a new girl it seems. He got down on one knee, and said, “Jessica, will you do me the honor of taking this ring from me so my grandmother won't give it away?” So romantic. Not as romantic as The Boyfriend's actual proposal, which was, “hey, do you wanna go to the Justice of the Peace so we can save money on taxes?”
So for now, I am still the girl who is always a bridesmaid, never a bride. But that's okay for now. There are a couple of big events about to hopefully occur and change my life, and being a wife might just not fit into the scenario at this junction. Believe me, when it happens, I will call everyone personally and squeal like a girl (…?). And there will be booze at my engagement party. It might just not be until my 2-year-old nephew is old enough to drink.
Tags: Boyfriend
A Canyon Country woman who lost her home in the 41,000-acre Sand Fire has been reunited with her three pet goats thanks to the dedication of local Animal Control officers.
The goats were rescued from the 27500 block of Oak Springs Canyon Road by a Los Angeles County Department of Animal Care and Control officer assisting with evacuations directly in the fire zone.
“When the patrolling DACC animal control officer saw the goats in the yard, he was able to quickly secure them and safely take custody of them,” read a statement released Tuesday by DACC officials. “He transported them to the Castaic ACC (Animal Care Center) where they remain today.”
None of the goats were injured during the evacuation, and DACC officials noted they “seem to be enjoying their stay” at the Castaic Animal Care Center.
When Animal Control officers returned to the residence where the goats had been rescued after evacuation orders were lifted, they discovered that the home had burned to the ground during the Sand Fire.
With the help of a neighbor who knew the couple that lived there, DACC staff were able to make contact with the female owner, who identified the goats as hers during a visit to the Castaic Animal Care Center.
“She was emotional and explained that she doesn't have a home at the moment, and asked if the ACC would continue to care for them,” DACC officials said. “Staff assured her the goats will be kept safe and she agreed to stay in touch while she and her husband put their lives back together and looked for a new place to live.”
More than 800 animals were placed under the care of DACC officials following days-long evacuation orders as a result of the devastating Sand Fire.
Because the area most impacted by the blaze is home to a number of ranches and horse properties, many of these animals are livestock.
“The hope is the fire will pass,” DACC continued, “and the animals will be reunited with their families shortly thereafter.”
Having already rocked the box office this year in Captain America: The Winter Soldier, which has grossed over $713 million at the global box office, Steve Rogers isn't taking any time off as he'll appear in next year's Avengers: Age of Ultron and then his third solo film in 2016. Speaking with Yahoo!, returning directors Anthony and Joe Russo teased some of their plans for the upcoming third film, which will focus at least in part on Steve's search for childhood friend Bucky Barnes, the infamous Winter Soldier.
“The character was invented for an explicitly political purpose. So its hard to get away from that nature,” Anthony said.
The pair also teased that they'll be building off of “Winter Soldier” for the upcoming third film, saying they will be “bringing some new elements to the table that will give us a twist on Winter Soldier.”
Captain America: The Winter Soldier will debut digitally on August 19 and on DVD and Blu-ray on September 9. Captain America 3 is scheduled for release on May 6, 2016, the same day as Warner Bros.' own Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
Look at different locations around the world, and there are some seemingly crazy and bizarre junctions, such as the unique Swindon 'Magic Roundabout' in the UK. At first glance, junctions like these are unfathomable, confusing and more than a little terrifying, but get to know them better and there's often reason behind the madness.
Swindon ‘Magic Roundabout', UK
If you're not native to the UK, roundabouts can be confusing enough, with people queuing for traffic approaching from the right. Even if you're accustomed to navigating the traffic-calming islands though, Swindon's Magic Roundabout is something else entirely, with five mini-roundabouts arranged around a larger anti-clockwise central island.
Look at it from above, and it's absolute madness, an accident waiting to happen, with cars driving in different directions and attempting to get to different destinations. Voted the 4th scariest junction in Britain, it's actually a lot easier to get to grips with than you may imagine though, and all you need to do is follow the markings on the road.
Image credit: Wikipedia
Each of the roads coming off the Magic Roundabout are clearly signposted, and with traffic on the outer ring traveling clockwise, as always just give way to the right when you approach each mini roundabout. Heading right on any of the mini-roundabouts will take you anti-clockwise around the inner island, but once again all you need to do is give way to traffic approaching the mini-roundabouts on your right, and exit when you reach the road you want. And if you're still in need of guidance, take HERE for Android along for the ride!
Place Charles de Gaulle, France
Compile a list of junctions where just a photograph can send you into a cold sweat, and France's Place Charles de Gaulle, located at the heart of Paris and surrounding the Arc de Triomphe, will make the list every time. Unlike Swindon's Magic Roundabout, the junction is closer to madness than organised chaos - there are no road markings on the central circle for starters, which is around seven lanes wide and generally crammed full of angry Parisians.
Image credit: Wikipedia
Throw in the fact it's the meeting point for twelve major avenues, including the Champs-Élysées, and the fact that traffic never stops moving (albeit in no particular order), and it's easy to see why most people will choose to use public transport when visiting the area.
Birmingham's Spaghetti Junction, UK
Opened in 1972, Gravelly Hill Interchange, better known as Spaghetti Junction, is one of the most confusing bits of road when viewed from above, serving 18 routes and including two and a half miles of slip road. As with the Magic Roundabout though, things are a lot clearer when you're actually on one of the roads - you can only drive on one motorway at a time, after all! And unlike its Swindon counterpart, Gravelly Hill Interchange is actually a series of junctions, so you'll only have access to some of the roads.
Image credit: Wikipedia
Although Spaghetti Junction looks scary, it actually proved a popular attraction when first opened, with the Environment Minister Peter Walker describing it as "the most exciting day in the history of the road system in this county", and the Express & Star newspaper dubbing it the "Magnificent Seven Miles". Motorists actually travelled to experience it, and according to the Express & Star coach trips were even offered.
Perhaps surprisingly, the junction is set over five different levels, and also includes two railway lines, three canals and a couple of rivers, highlighting just a few of the issues the designers had to deal with when creating the super junction.
Nanpu Bridge Interchange, China
After the chaos of the other junctions here, the Nanpu Bridge Interchange in Shanghai almost looks sensible when viewed from above, with a circular road coming off the Nanpu bridge. Look at it from other angles and it's sheer madness though, with the road circling round again and again and again, and promising to turn even the sturdiest stomach queasy.
Image credit: zhangyang13576997233
So why the ever-decreasing circles? With ships passing under the Nanpu bridge, the suspension bridge needs to maintain a particular height, with the circular design chosen to return the road to a normal height in the smallest amount of space possible. Throw in Shanghai's infamous traffic, and it certainly promises to be an experience.
The Diverging Diamond Interchange, America
Springfield, Missouri contains an interchange that looks like nothing else we've seen, and although it's not unique, it definitely looks like it'd take some getting used to. Known as a Diverging Diamond Interchange, the junction sees lanes cross over each other in a manner than wouldn't look out of place on a children's Scalextric set, but there's actually method behind the madness.
Image credit: Wikipedia
The diamond results in drivers briefly driving on the wrong side of the road when exiting the freeway, but although it sounds crazy the concept has actually been hailed as one of the best innovations in road design by Popular Science. With traffic lights to control when vehicles can move, the Diverging Diamond actually means that traffic doesn't end up crossing in front of moving vehicles, helping to improve safety and efficiency.
Avenida 9 de Julio, Buenos Aires, Argentina
Avenida 9 de Julio has the honour of being the world's widest avenue, with drivers having to negotiate a road that's 140 meters wide. With 14 lanes spanning the road – 7 traveling in each direction – and with four-lane roads joining on both sides it looks like absolute chaos. And in this case, it is, proving as far from the Diverging Diamond Interchange as it's possible to get.
The name harks back to Argentina's Independence Day – July 9th, and the extraordinary width is due to the fact it spans an entire city block. First mooted in 1888, protests about the road meant it didn't make it to fruition until 1935, with work finally completed in the 1960s. We're not sure if any pedestrian has successfully crossed it since that time…
Ponte Flor de Lótus, China/Macau
Even among the junctions above though, the Ponte Flor de Lótus, located between mainland China and Macau, stands out from the crowd, not least because China and Macau drive on different sides of the road. The need to switch sides when crossing borders is by no means unique, but the way the ‘Lotus Bridge' approaches matters is certainly innovative, with two three-lane highways that circle and cross each other.
Image credit: Wikipedia
As a result, you'll go from driving on the left in Macau, to suddenly being on the right after traversing the bridge, perhaps without even noticing! We can imagine it being a lot quicker and easier than a set of traffic lights and a junction to ensure cars cross from one side to the other, but we can also imagine the potential for chaos if drivers forget which side they should be traveling on.
What's the toughest road layout you've had to navigate?
Dear CBCP,
Some of your bishops have challenged Corona's accusers to sign his waiver. Bishop Pabillo said that “there is really something wrong when they want a person to disclose his dollar accounts but his accusers refuse to do the same or don't want to be transparent.” Your former president, Oscar Cruz, clarified that your message was to let people “know who have no sin and [let them] throw the first stone.”
You are saying that only those who are blameless can challenge others or throw blame. Since you have challenged Corona's accusers, you must think that you yourselves are blameless. In the terms of Corona's waiver, this means you think you have no ill-gotten wealth to hide. But you are mistaken.
No one knows ill-gotten wealth like you do, because you have founded your Church on ill-gotten wealth. Literally. Your organization wouldn't be where it is today if it weren't for the billions your predecessors stole from the Philippine government.
In case you've forgotten, I'll remind you. When your former colleagues, the Spaniards, colonized us, they stole lands that belonged to Filipinos and gave it to your friars. These friar lands allowed you to control everything: business, education, politics, etc. So aside from money and property, you also gained power. You used this power to further amass wealth that went beyond the original value of the lands that were stolen.
When the first Philippine Congress was established, one of their first plans was to take back what was rightfully ours — to confiscate the land that was stolen and then redistribute it among Filipinos. But unfortunately, their plans were thwarted by another colonizer: the Americans. They would eventually give us back our freedom, but they didn't give us back our property — well, not really. Instead, they did what capitalists do best: sell it to us.
Before they could do that, they had to take it back from you. But instead of just taking it away — something they could have done without much difficulty — they again did what capitalists do best: buy it from you. William Howard Taft, the first head of the Philippine Commission, went to Rome to ask your infallible leader for permission to buy the friar lands so that it could be given (i.e. sold) back to us. Your Pope agreed, and in 1903, the friar lands, some 166,000 hectares were bought for $7,239,784.66.
You may have lost your lands, but you got a ton of money in return. Add that to the profit you'd already made on those properties — and the power you consolidated through it — and it's clear how you've become one of the richest and most powerful organizations in the Philippines today.
It's difficult to put a price on your ill-gotten political power, but the money is another story. For starters, we can calculate how much you got for the sale of the friar lands. According to one CPI inflation calculator, the purchase price of $7,239,784.66 would now be worth $168,259,177.12 (PHP7,235,144,616.16) — if it was purchased in 1913, which is as far back as the calculator goes. Surely it would be more if we could calculate based on the 1903 amount.
Next we can check your investments in publicly registered companies. This has already been done, and conservative estimates put your investments at over P18 billion. We don't even know how much you've invested in private companies, and if Corona has taught us one thing, there's another way you could've hidden enormous sums of money: dollar accounts.
By the time the Americans introduced their currency in our country, you already had considerable wealth, and it's not unlikely that you'd think like he did: you invested in US dollars. There weren't big corporations to invest in back then, so you probably converted a considerable amount. And considering how you have nothing against the financial institution — you have PHP18 billion invested in it after all — your dollars are likely deposited safely in dollar accounts: the same accounts you're challenging congressmen to publicize.
Of course, I don't have to speculate so much if you'd just sign Corona's waiver. Now that I think about it, you could take the moral high ground and create a waiver of your own, disclosing not only your dollar accounts but also your public and private investments, business affiliations, everything.
Because as far as I'm concerned, most of your wealth is ill-gotten. Your wealth was built on money that was stolen from the Philippine government by two foreign ones. The theft may be centuries old, but it doesn't change the fact that a crime is a crime, or in religious terms, a sin is a sin. Even your God does not unconditionally forgive a sin simply because it was done long ago (e.g. Original Sin). So I'm sure you'll understand that although many have forgotten, you don't deserve to be forgiven. Not by God, and certainly not by the Filipino people.
You may try you hardest to hide this fact by casting the blame — and the spotlight — on someone else. You've long been very active in pushing for agrarian reform. You've been preaching the idea that the lands should be taken from illegitimate owners and redistributed among its rightful owners. This is a worthy cause, and I commend you for understanding the idea of rightful ownership.
But why can't you understand that every single peso of your billions is a peso that belongs to the Filipino people? Not only should you publicize your ill-gotten wealth, you should do the “Christian” thing and give it back as I'm sure Jesus would want you to. Otherwise, you'll be contradicting your calls for transparency and fairness — not to mention your vow of poverty. You may lose much, but only by doing so can you rightly call yourselves a Church of the Poor.
Sincerely,
Red Tani
___
Image credits: 1, 2, 3
Dougie Hamilton never pictured himself in the fiery red of the Calgary Flames — but he's sure happy to be wearing the jersey today.
The young defenceman was all smiles as he and free agent acquisition Michael Frolik were introduced to the media during Friday's Flames press conference.
“It's for me, a dream come true to play for a Canadian team and a great organization like this,” Hamilton said. “It's really exciting.”
It just wasn't exactly part of his original plan.
“Going through it, I think I always thought I was going to be a Bruin for life,” he said. “I kind of had that vision that I would only wear one jersey in the NHL.”
Of course, that all changed with a glance at the crest on his left shoulder.
“Right now with the Canadian flag on my shoulder … I'm really excited,” said the Toronto, ON native. “I'm excited to be back in Canada and I'm excited to be a Flame.”
Though joining the Flames isn't a homecoming for Michael Frolik, the Czech forward shared a similar sentiment about joining the Flames.
He spoke about his versatility as a player, his decision to choose no. 67 — it's one number below Jagr, he said — and his eagerness to prove himself in the lineup.
“I'm ready for it.”
Poland could send over 100 police officers to help secure the Macedonian border as a wave of migrants heads for Western Europe, Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski has said.
A Czech police officer assisting his Macedonian colleagues in patrolling and organizing the transport of refugees with trains to Serbia, speaks with a migrant in a train at a station near the town of Gevgelija, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, 8 February. Photo: EPA/NAKE BATEV.
Waszczykowski told public broadcaster TVP that in the last two months, Macedonia has twice asked the Polish foreign ministry for assistance in protecting its southern border.
"I will ask the prime minister and other ministers whether we could move our policing mission, which has for several years been in Kosovo, and which I feel has now fulfilled its mandate," Waszczykowski said.
He added that Kosovo is close to Macedonia and "at least some" of the Polish police could be sent to guard the Macedonian border.
Waszczykowski said that Poland could send from several dozen to over 100 police. (pk/rg)
Source: PAP
Knitters answer WildCare's call for nests to save baby birds
A songbird, kept warm in a hand-knitted nest, is fed by Noam Mendelson at WildCare animal rescue center in San Rafael. A songbird, kept warm in a hand-knitted nest, is fed by Noam Mendelson at WildCare animal rescue center in San Rafael. Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Knitters answer WildCare's call for nests to save baby birds 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
It may seem like a natural fit, but until now one would have been hard-pressed to find a real life scenario that combined the interests of knitters and baby birds.
Both are adorable, no question, but it was a case of never the twain shall meet until this year when a wildlife conservation group in Marin County figured out how yarn-wielding sweater weavers could help to chirp downy-feathered avian offspring.
The solution was simple: Knitted nests.
WildCare, the San Rafael nonprofit that treats almost 4,000 wild animals a year, made a request in April for local knitters to weave bird nests for the hundreds of orphaned chicks the organization cares for every year. The knitters of the Bay Area went wild, donating 529 nests to an organization that last year rehabilitated 540 chicks, most of which had fallen out of or were somehow dislodged from their nests during the spring nesting season.
"We use these nests primarily for the song birds," said Alison Hermance, WildCare's communications manager, as she gestured toward a blue knitted nest carrying baby finches and a gray and white nest full of tiny and eager chestnut-backed chickadees, their beaks wide open in anticipation of a feeding.
"These nests provide good temperature control and they give the birds the soft feeling of a natural nest," she said.
Noticing problems
The Baby Bird Nest campaign got its start two years ago when WildCare staff noticed that some of the chicks were bruising or developing other problems from the hard surfaces in the bowls that were being used as makeshift nests, Hermance said.
It wasn't the first time bird caretakers had noticed the problem. A worker at Sebastopol's Native Songbird Care & Conservation program was apparently the first to knit a nest. The pattern was published on the organization's website, creating a blueprint for the WildCare knitted nest program.
Dinka Velcich, 89, of Novato, was one of the first knitters to respond to WildCare's request. She has knitted 53 nests for the organization.
"It's my hobby," said Velcich, who was born on a farm on the Adriatic island of Cres, in Croatia, where she used to knit socks while herding sheep. "I love animals, and I love birds. I can't work in the yard anymore because I have arthritis, but I can do this."
Teri Rockas, a 57-year-old health care worker from San Rafael, has knitted 37 nests.
"My grandmother taught me to knit when I was about 5 years old and she loved birds," Rockas said recently as she worked on number 38. "Right before she passed, she told me to think of her every time I saw a baby bird. So this is a wonderful way for me to remember her."
Developing an enterprise
The knitting fiesta has been a bonanza for California wildlife hospitals and bird rescue centers, which have received 250 of the nests donated to WildCare.
"We are now a knitted nest provider," Hermance said. "We've turned it into an enterprise."
It is important, Hermance said, because bird nests are often disturbed at this time of year. A prime example occurred last month when tree trimmers knocked down baby night heron nests outside an Oakland post office, creating a furor among neighbors and bird lovers.
Hermance said most bird mothers cannot pick up their chicks and put them back in the nest once they fall out. A chick that has downy fluff instead of feathers is not old enough to control its body temperature or feed itself and must be fed every 45 minutes in a warm, cozy place or it will die.
Hermance said it is a myth that mother birds will not take care of chicks that are handled by humans. The problem, she said, is that most people who find chicks on the ground cannot find the nest or the nest has been destroyed.
The baby birds are generally kept in the knitted nests at WildCare for two weeks where they are fed 15 times a day before they can move to a larger cage with a perch. Hermance said the birds are generally released where they were found within about two months.
The knitted nests "are like towels. You are always replacing them," Hermance said. "You just can't have too many of them. This program shows how much people really want to do things to help wildlife."
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. A strong aftershock has rocked Haiti, sending screaming people running into the streets, eight days after another quake devastated the country. The extent of the damage is not yet known. The magnitude 6.1 tremor struck west of Port-au-Prince at 0603 local time (1103 GMT). An estimated 200,000 people died in last Tuesday's quake and another 1.5 million were made homeless. Despite an international aid operation, supplies are slow to reach survivors. However, international teams are still rescuing people alive from the rubble, including a 69-year-old woman pulled from the ruins of a church in the capital. The US military has defended its handling of the rescue operation, as aid groups complained of long delays in getting vital supplies of food, water and medicine. Haitian President Rene Preval said aid delivery was the main problem now. Help came "very fast," Mr Preval told a French radio station. "When it arrives, the question is: where are the trucks to transport it, where are the depots?" Fresh panic The US Geological Survey said Wednesday's tremor was centred 35 miles (56km) north-west of the capital. It struck at a depth of 6.2 miles (9.9km), but was too far inland to generate any tsunamis in the Caribbean. We were forced to buy a saw in the market to continue amputations
Loris de Filippi
Medicins Sans Frontieres
In pictures: Rescuers continue search Mass amputation fears How to manage a crisis US opens doors to Haiti orphans Battle against the looters Some buildings already weakened by last week's quake collapsed and wails of terror filled the air as frightened survivors poured out of unstable buildings, a BBC correspondent in the region said. Although some aid has started to reach desperate survivors, hundreds of thousands are still without food or water, a full week after the disaster. Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) said its cargo plane with 12 tonnes of medical supplies had been turned away from the congested Port-au-Prince airport three times since Sunday. It said five patients died from lack of the supplies it carried. "We were forced to buy a saw in the market to continue amputations," the group's Loris de Filippi told the Reuters news agency in Cite Soleil. But the US military has defended its efforts in the face of vast logistical challenges. "We're doing everything in our power to speed aid to Haiti as fast as humanly possible," said Gen Douglas Fraser, head of US Southern Command. He said they plan to start using two other airports, at Jacmel in Haiti and San Isidro in the neighbouring Dominican Republic, in the coming days. Amazing rescues One full week after the magnitude seven quakes devastated the country, search-and-rescue teams were emerging from the ruins with unbelievable success stories. Ena Zizi, 69, was rescued from the wreckage of the residence of Haiti's Roman Catholic archbishop on Monday, a day before crews recovered the body of the archbishop himself, Monsignor Joseph Serge Miot. Another survivor, 25-year-old Lozama Hotteline, was rescued from beneath a collapsed supermarket with the help of teams from Turkey and France. Television pictures showed her smiling and singing as she was carried to safety. The United Nations said early on Wednesday that 121 people had been rescued by international teams since the 12 January earthquake - an extra 31 people on Tuesday. Aid challenges In a bid to speed up the delivery of aid and stem looting and violence, US troops have stepped up their presence in the quake-ravaged country. AT THE SCENE Mark Doyle, BBC News, Port-au-Prince Haiti was extremely poor even before the earthquake, and this disaster has now broken all the basic services, like phones and electricity. But Haitians are resilient. Everywhere there are volunteers filling some of the gaps created by the slow arrival of international aid. A company which sells drinking water is distributing it free to people living in a school compound. A Haitian Jesuit priest has mobilised local relief workers and international doctors to work together in a rural region just outside the capital. In a slum area, a volunteer first-aider dressed the wounds of a girl who had been trapped in rubble. These largely unsung heroes know they can't replace the big foreign aid agencies, but they're doing what they can to fill the gaps. US Black Hawk helicopters swooped down on the grounds of Haiti's wrecked presidential palace on Tuesday, dropping scores of US troops who moved to secure a nearby hospital and set up aid distribution points. US Army Maj Gen Daniel Allyn, the deputy commander for relief operations in Haiti, said the military had delivered 400,000 bottles of water and 300,000 food rations since last Tuesday's earthquake. He said the number of US troops would grow to 10,000 in the coming weeks. Meanwhile, the UN Security Council voted to temporarily boost its peacekeeping forces by 3,500 personnel. UN officials said they would accompany US troops as they delivered supplies. While military escorts are still needed to deliver relief supplies, the United Nations said fears of violence and looting had eased. Improved security "The overall security situation in Port-au-Prince remains stable, with limited, localised violence and looting occurring," the UN Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said. So far, feared infectious diseases have not shown up, although many injured faced the immediate threats of tetanus and gangrene, and hospitals are overwhelmed. The UN says "localised looting" is occurring, but overall security is good The Pentagon said a navy hospital ship, the USNS Comfort, had received its first Haitian patients, even as it was still heading towards Haiti. US Defence Secretary Robert Gates said the military is sending additional ships to help with earthquake recovery in Haiti, including one that could remove debris blocking the main port. The World Food Programme said it was planning to bring in 10,000 gallons (40,000 litres) of diesel a day from the neighbouring Dominican Republic as Haitian fuel supplies dried up. Haitian officials say the death toll from the quake was likely to be between 100,000 and 200,000, and that 75,000 bodies had already been buried in mass graves.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - Hollywood mogul and co-creator of The Simpsons, Sam Simon, has bought a chinchilla farm in Southern California as part of a drive by animal rights activists to close the breeding facility.
In what all parties described as a “win-win” deal, 90-year-old owner Lurlie Adams was able to offload the farm she did not want any more to Simon for $50,000. And the 425 chinchillas were moved to much larger cages while awaiting adoption.
The San Diego Humane Society also received a $100,000 donation from Simon to care for the furry animals, which will be offered to new homes at a cost of $25 each.
Activist group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, which helped broker Tuesday's sale behind the scenes, hailed the closure of one of California's largest breeders of chinchillas.
PETA Senior Vice President Lisa Lange said Adams, who had been trying to sell the farm for three years, signed a contract saying the land will never again be used to rear the animals.
“This is your last day of abuse,” Simon, 59, told the animals as he walked somewhat unsteadily through the facility's cramped rows of mesh-wire cages on Tuesday, accompanied by a nurse. “This is your first day of freedom.”
Adams and her husband opened the Valley View Ranch in Vista, about 25 miles (40 km) north of San Diego, in 1966 after answering an ad that said they could be millionaires if they raised chinchillas.
She said she was unaware PETA were involved until the sale went through. “I didn't find out until today ... that they're shutting it down and adopting the animals out,” she said on Tuesday.
Simon, whose portfolio also includes Emmy awards for his work on Taxi, Cheers, The Garry Shandling Show and a half dozen other projects, was diagnosed with metastasized colorectal cancer in 2012. He has long been active in philanthropy and is particularly keen on causes that involve children and animals.
In June he rescued Sunder, an Indian elephant that had been shackled in a temple in India, beaten and starved. Before that, he paid for the rescue and relocation of bears in the U.S. state of Georgia.
“I have a desire to help animals,” Simon told Reuters at the farm. “The question of whether it makes financial sense, it's my money and I get to do what I want with it. It's an expensive hobby I picked up at the end of my life.”
The chinchillas were taken to the Oceanside and San Diego humane society branches to be readied for adoption.
An article ran in the Politico yesterday which I thought rather credulously repeated Senate Republicans' claims about how much success they think they'll have scuttling the Health Care fix bill as it moves through the reconciliation process. (See our earlier piece on the Senate GOP's psyops strategy to kill Health Care Reform in the House.)
But there's a part of this drama that's gotten far too little attention.
Most of what senate Republicans say they're going to try to do is fight like crazy to keep the least popular parts of the original Senate package in the bill. That's right. They're going to go to the mat for the ‘Cornhusker Kickback.' They're going to do everything they can to prevent the “Cornhusker Kickback” from being overturned. Same with the “Louisiana Purchase”, the tax on “Cadillac” Health Care plans and a bunch of other stuff.As we know, what happens in reality doesn't matter in politics. What matters is how reality is portrayed in 30 second attack ads. But I think, on both sides of the political spectrum, the implications of this effort haven't been adequately thought through.
So much of the what the GOP is trying to do now is about one big galactic psych-out. And the psych-out pyrotechnics are so overblown in part because the threats sort of fall apart on their face. If you step back a lot of it amounts to, “Don't you dare pass that bill, or I'll shoot my foot right off!”
Some dares really are worth taking.
Francesco "Baltazar" Redi (18 February 1626 – 1 March 1697) was an Italian physician, naturalist, biologist and poet.[1] He is referred to as the "founder of experimental biology",[2][3] and as the "father of modern parasitology".[4][5] He was the first person to challenge the theory of spontaneous generation by demonstrating that maggots come from eggs of flies.[6][7]
Having a doctoral degree in both medicine and philosophy from the University of Pisa at the age of 21, he worked in various cities of Italy. A rationalist of his time, he was a critic of verifiable myths, such as spontaneous generation.[8] His most famous experiments are described in his magnum opus Esperienze Intorno alla Generazione degl'Insetti (Experiments on the Generation of Insects), published in 1668. He disproved that vipers drink wine and could break glasses, and that their venom was poisonous when ingested. He correctly observed that snake venoms were produced from the fangs, not the gallbladder, as was believed. He was also the first to recognize and correctly describe details of about 180 parasites, including Fasciola hepatica and Ascaris lumbricoides. He also distinguished earthworms from helminths (like tapeworms, flukes, and roundworms). He possibly originated the use of the control, the basis of experimental design in modern biology. A collection of his poems first published in 1685 Bacco in Toscana ("Bacchus in Tuscany") is considered among the finest works of 17th-century Italian poetry, and for which the Grand Duke Cosimo III gave him a medal of honor.
Biography [ edit ]
Doctor Redi.
The son of Gregorio Redi and Cecilia de Ghinci, Francesco Redi was born in Arezzo on 18 February 1626. His father was a renowned physician at Florence. After schooling with the Jesuits, he attended the University of Pisa from where he obtained his doctoral degrees in medicine and philosophy in 1647, at the age of 21.[4] He constantly moved, to Rome, Naples, Bologna, Padua, and Venice, and finally settled in Florence in 1648. Here he was registered at the Collegio Medico where he served at the Medici Court as both the head physician and superintendent of the ducal apothecary to Ferdinando II de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany and his successor, Cosimo III. It is here that most of his academic works were achieved, which earned him membership in Accademia dei Lincei. He was also a member of the Accademia del Cimento (Academy of Experiment) from 1657 to 1667.[9]
He died in his sleep on 1 March 1697 in Pisa and his remains were returned to Arezzo for interment.[10][11]
A collection of his letters is held at the National Library of Medicine in Bethesda, Maryland.[12]
Scientific career [ edit ]
Experimental toxicology [ edit ]
In 1664 Redi wrote his first monumental work Osservazioni intorno alle vipere (Observations on vipers) to his friend Lorenzo Magalotti, secretary of the Accademia del Cimento. In this he began to break the prevailing scientific myths (which he called "unmasking of the untruths") such as vipers drink wine and shatter glasses, their venom is poisonous if swallowed, the head of dead viper is an antidote, the viper's venom is produced from the gallbladder, and so on. He explained rather how snake venom is unrelated to the snake's bite, an idea contrary to popular belief.[13] He performed a series of experiments on the effects of snakebites, and demonstrated that venom was poisonous only when it enters the bloodstream via a bite, and that the fang contains venom in the form of yellow fluid.[9][14] He even showed that by applying a tight ligature before the wound, the passage of venom into the heart could be prevented. This work marked the beginning of experimental toxinology/toxicology.[15][16]
Entomology and spontaneous generation [ edit ]
Esperienze Intorno alla Generazione degl'Insetti frontcover frontcover
Redi is best known for his series of experiments, published in 1668 as Esperienze Intorno alla Generazione degli Insetti (Experiments on the Generation of Insects), which is regarded as his masterpiece and a milestone in the history of modern science. The book is one of the first steps in refuting "spontaneous generation"—a theory also known as Aristotelian abiogenesis. At the time, prevailing wisdom was that maggots arose spontaneously from rotting meat.[6]
A modern rendering of Redi's experiment on abiogenesis
Redi took six jars and divided them into two groups of three: In one experiment, in the first jar of each group, he put an unknown object; in the second, a dead fish; in the last, a raw chunk of veal. Redi covered the tops of the first group of jars with fine gauze so that only air could get into it. He left the other group open. After several days, he saw maggots appear on the objects in the open jars, on which flies had been able to land, but not in the gauze-covered jars. In the second experiment, meat was kept in three jars. One of the jars was uncovered, and two of the jars were covered, one with cork and the other one with gauze. Flies could only enter the uncovered jar, and in this, maggots appeared. In the jar that was covered with gauze, maggots appeared on the gauze but did not survive.[17][18]
Esperienze Intorno alla Generazione degl'Insetti Illustration from Rediʼs
Redi continued his experiments by capturing the maggots and waiting for them to metamorphose, which they did, becoming flies. Also, when dead flies or maggots were put in sealed jars with dead animals or veal, no maggots appeared, but when the same thing was done with living flies, maggots did. Knowing full well the fates of outspoken thinkers such as Giordano Bruno and Galileo Galilei, Redi was careful to express his new views in a manner that would not contradict theological tradition of the Church; hence, his interpretations were always based on biblical passages, such as his famous adage: omne vivum ex vivo ("All life comes from life").[4][19]
Parasitology [ edit ]
Redi was the first to describe ectoparasites in his Esperienze Intorno alla Generazione degl'Insetti. His notable illustrations in the book are those relevant to ticks, including deer ticks and tiger ticks; it also contains the first depiction of the larva of Cephenemyiinae, the nasal flies of deer, as well as the sheep liver fluke (Fasciola hepatica). His next treatise in 1684 titled Osservazioni intorno agli animali viventi che si trovano negli animali viventi (Observations on Living Animals, that are in Living Animals) recorded the descriptions and the illustrations of more than 100 parasites. In it he also differentiates the earthworm (generally regarded as a helminth) and Ascaris lumbricoides, the human roundworm. An important innovation from the book is his experiments in chemotherapy in which he employed the "control"', the basis of experimental design in modern biological research.[2][4][20] He described some 180 species of parasites. Perhaps, his most significant observation was that parasites produce eggs and develop from them, which contradicted the prevailing opinion that they are produced spontaneously.[21]
Literary career [ edit ]
As a poet, Redi is best known for the dithyramb Bacco in Toscana ("Bacchus in Tuscany"), which first appeared in 1685. His bacchanalian poem in praise of Tuscan wines is still read in Italy today.[9] He was admitted to two literary societies: the Academy of Arcadia and the Accademia della Crusca.[10] He was an active member of Crusca and supported the preparation of the Tuscan dictionary. He taught the Tuscan language as a lettore publio di lingua toscana in Florence in 1666. He also composed many other literary works, including his Letters, and Arianna Inferma.[9]
Eponyms [ edit ]
Bacco in Toscana Statue of Francesco Redi on the Uffizi Gallery (Piazzale degli Uffizi) in Florence. At his feet is a copy of
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Silk Road, an online marketplace considered by authorities to be a hub of illegal Internet drug sales, is being used to purchase heroin, cocaine, opioid pills, LSD, Ecstasy and other drugs, according to law enforcement sources.
Authorities have been unable to track the location of the website's servers, the sources said, because Silk Road can only be accessed using encryption software called Tor, which hides computers' IP addresses and allows users to surf the Web anonymously.
Tech-savvy Long Island and New York City residents are using the site, which authorities estimate has facilitated more than $30 million in annual sales, the sources said. The site came online in February 2011.
These law enforcement sources, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said the Drug Enforcement Administration and Department of Justice are investigating the site.
Drug war's new front
Silk Road's success has signaled the opening of a new front in the battle against illegal drugs, officials say, in which dealers and customers use technology to hide their identities and flout state and federal laws.
Among the drug buyers on Silk Road are computer users in Nassau and Suffolk counties, as well as Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens, the sources said. The number of customers in the metropolitan area is unclear, because of the difficulty investigators have in tracking Silk Road orders to precise locations.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
"Silk Road is a dangerous and destructive website that facilitates crime and poses a true danger to people across the country," said Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), who has called on the federal government to shut down the site.
The DEA said officials are aware of Silk Road and are being "very proactive in keeping abreast" of the high-tech tools online drug sellers used to avoid detection.
Silk Road's customers sell drugs and other items to one another through the online marketplace and, like users of legitimate shopping sites, rate delivery performance as well as the quality of the products they buy, authorities say. Other illicit items are also available, including forged documents and untaxed cigarettes.
To make sure the money exchanged on Silk Road can't be traced back to customers, the site uses a digital, untraceable currency called Bitcoins, which are purchased anonymously online with real money. Drugs on the site are typically sold at a significant markup, sometimes costing twice as much as their street price.
After a purchase is made, sellers are instructed to ship drugs through the postal service in vacuum-sealed packs, while buyers are advised to have shipments mailed to post office boxes or locations other than their home. Upon delivery of the drugs, Bitcoins are transferred from buyer to seller via a secure escrow account on the site. Silk Road takes a commission of up to 10 percent on all sales.
A successful system
"So far, unfortunately, their system has been somewhat successful," said a federal law enforcement source involved in the investigation into the site. "Our goal is to make sure that doesn't continue to be the case."
Federal charges have yet to be brought against the site or its administrators, but another law enforcement source involved in the Silk Road probe said high-tech investigative methods used by the government are helping investigators build a case.
Those methods include encryption-cracking technology and the exploitation of security weaknesses in some encrypted email and instant message software used by Silk Road customers, the source said.
Efforts to find any known operator of Silk Road were unsuccessful.
Risks remain the same
Anti-drug activist Alex Rice, 38, formerly of Massapequa, said he routinely speaks to children about the dangers of the site. He said his son, Aaron, narrowly survived an overdose in 2011 from heroin he had purchased from a user on Silk Road.
"The risks posed by the drugs on this website are just as high as on the street, in terms of how quickly they can kill you or get you sent to jail," said Rice, who now lives in south Florida, where he talks to youth groups about avoiding drug use. "To gain all this knowledge of encryption and computers only to throw it away on buying and selling drugs online . . . I can't imagine more of a waste of knowledge."
"I hope it doesn't take someone dying to get it shut down," he said.
Suffolk Police Deputy Chief of Detectives Mark Griffiths said the department's cybercrime and drug investigators are keeping tabs on Silk Road, as well as other drug trafficking sites.
"We are actively monitoring it," Griffiths said. "We work with DEA and the U.S. postal inspector, and keep abreast of all the technological changes."
Nassau police declined to comment on the site and referred questions to the DEA.
Andrew Kratz, a corporate Web security consultant from Southampton, said Silk Road has "perfected" the anonymous online drug trade and will be "tough to take down."
"The people who run that site are very, very good at what they do," Kratz said. "But so is the Department of Justice."
Be Here Now (The Andy Whitfield Story), the documentary that followed Spartacus star Andy Whitfield's fight with cancer, is collaborating with the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society to spread awareness of blood cancers — including non-Hodgkin lymphoma, which Whitfield died from in 2011. The organization will hold film screenings hosted via Tugg's distribution platform to raise funds. This news dovetails with theatrical release of the film that begins Friday in New York, April 15 in Los Angeles and then nationwide. Directed by Lilibet Foster, the docu features Whitfield along with his wife Vashti Whitfield, actor Jai Courtney and other Spartacus and Spartacus: Blood And Sand castmembers. It won the Best Documentary Award at last year's Los Angeles Film Festival.
Whitfield's cancer battle was followed closely by his Spartacus fans, who were able to contribute to the docu via Kickstarter. He got his big break when he was cast as the title character on Spartacus: Blood And Sand, but was diagnosed during a routine checkup in March 2010 just before production on Season 2 was to begin. Production was put on hold while Whitfield underwent treatment. He eventually went into remission and was days away from starting filming on Season 2 when his cancer came back. The Spartacus role was eventually recast with Liam McIntyre.
Check out an exclusive clip above and click here to learn more about the fundraising.
Taberite Oiler looks back
Posted on August 3, 2016 by Taber Times
Times photo by Greg Price Times photo by Greg Price
By Greg Price
Taber Times
gprice@tabertimes.com
It has been an offseason of reflection for Taberite and Edmonton Oilers defenceman Brandon Davidson, in what has been one of the more interesting and feel-good stories of the 2015-2016 NHL season.
Going from a longshot to making the Oilers opening-day roster to becoming one of its most consistent D-men that was rewarded with a two-year extension, Davidson is certainly not sitting on his laurels.
Davidson ranked well down the depth chart entering training camp, but beat the odds by making the club ahead of higher-profile guys like Niki Nikitin and, initially, Darnell Nurse. Originally the eighth guy in an eight-man D-corps, he played just one of the first eight games before gradually working his way into the line-up in a third-pairing role on his natural left side, beating out the likes of former captain Andrew Ference and higher-profile rookie Griffin Reinhart for playing time. As the season wore on, the 24-year-old rookie gradually became an ever-more-important piece of the puzzle.
In his 51 games played before succumbing to a season-ending leg injury after a hit by Dustin Byfuglien, Davidson registered four goals, seven assists and a plus-7 rating which is huge considering the Oilers being buried in the bottom of the NHL standings, which as a team was a net -43 on the season. Grading out on the season, Davidson was seen as slightly above average on the offensive side and rock solid defensively, leading the team in numerous categories suppressing shots and chances.
Having to fight for minutes early on, those minutes were in abundance for the Taberite later on who would eventually average 19:11 minutes a game. During a one-month period starting in early February, Davidson exceeded 20 minutes in 15 of the 16 games, including four games over the 25-minute mark.
“That's something I definitely pride myself on. I've put in the work, I've put in the effort and the opportunity was there with the coaching staff to ease myself into it, and then apply more and more minutes with more and more responsibilities. It was just a fun year,” said Davidson of his play that an Edmonton Oilers beat writer noted as ‘calmness under fire and his capacity to consistently make the simple play were hallmarks of his game, whether a man down or at even strength'. “I never had a year that was so stressful, yet so rewarding at the same time. It was the most fun year of my life. I really want to make sure I come into this year and keeping going where I left off and keep improving. The coaching staff played me to my strengths and allowed me to succeed.”
For the Edmonton Oilers heading into the 2015-2016 NHL season as with past recent years, the Oilers had been a team that looks good on paper at least from an offensive standpoint with the likes of Connor McDavid, Taylor Hall, Jordan Eberle, Ryan Nugent-Hopkins, Leon Draisaitl and Nail Yakupov.
Injuries to Jordan Eberle, Connor McDavid, Ryan Nugent-Hopkins and Oscar Klefbom helped dampen some of the enthusiasm, but it was unfortunately a lot of the same old, same old for the Oilers who would end up in 29th place and equaling a record of 10 consecutive years out of the playoffs.
The lineup needed a major shake up from the doldrums and the Oilers have done just that so far this off-season by hopefully getting the top-pairing puck-moving defenceman they desperately need in Adam Larsson in a trade involving Taylor Hall in late June. The Oilers provided some grit in helping protect wonder-kid McDavid in signing power forward Milan Lucic to a seven-year contract and had the gift of the big and skilled right winger Jesse Puljujarvi falling to them with the fourth overall pick of the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
“I think we had a great draft even past the first round with some great players and we have some solid players coming in like Ethan Bear (defenceman, three-year entry level contract), we've added some toughness and size (Lucic, Patrick Maroon, Zack Kassian) which was a need that needed to be addressed in our division,” said Davidson. “It's all great signs leading up to the season, it's an exciting time, especially with the new arena and new bodies coming in. It's finding the right players to slot in the right lines with the right pairings. The size we have now will allow us to use our skills more effectively. All eyes are on us and I think this year is going to be a different year than before.”
That includes another year of maturity for the next ‘Great One' in Connor McDavid, where not since Sidney Crosby has a rookie been so hyped. Speaking of Crosby, McDavid outscored Crosby in a point-per-game basis (although a smaller sample size) at 1.07 to 1.06 and if he had stayed healthy for a full season, was a threat for the Hart Trophy at age 18.
“Connor is the best hockey player in the world,” said Davidson without a moment's hesitation. “There is no one that skates like him and moves like him on the ice. Once his hands catch up with how quick his feet are, it will be unbelievable. He is truly one of our leaders in the dressing room even at his age. He is very humble, a gentleman, a great leader in the dressing room and a great friend off the ice. He's definitely a player who is going to lead this team to greater things.”
With the addition of a top-end talent like Larsson who was originally drafted fourth overall by the New Jersey Devils in his NHL draft year, there will be a juggling of pairings on the Oilers squad. Initial reports show Davidson will be lined up with Darnell Nurse in the third pairing. But with how 2015-2016 played out, anything can happen for the Taberite who was virtually in every single pairing among his 51 games played, including logging the second-most minutes on average among Oilers D-men on the penalty kill.
“Those are things that come up in the summer time that can change so easily. But seeing my style of play, that would be a good spot for me, but that's not saying that's where I'm going to be,” said Davidson. “I played everywhere last year. That's just the way it works with injuries.”
All the hard work has accounted for Davidson receiving a two-year contract extension shortly before he suffered his season-ending injury which involved a 144 per cent pay raise. Not too shabby for a player that had to make his way over the hurdles of being a throw-in 2010 sixth-round sweetener draft pick on the Lubo Visnovsky/Ryan Whitney trade, being bypassed in his draft year from the Alberta Midget Hockey League and became captain of a Regina Pats WHL team he had to walk on to make.
Oilers insiders have said Davidson is a defender who can be counted on to quiet the waters in his own end which is suggestive of being a meaningful piece going forward in the Oilers rebuild for a squad that is in dire need of a defensive presence to augment the skilled forwards.
“I've done a good job and made myself known, but that's just step one. I see other guys working hard in the summer time too who are looking for a job. I'm going to make sure I put in the hours and keep on moving forward. There's no time for me to relax, but this past season I do feel like I've arrived and am part of this. The City of Edmonton has welcomed me with open arms and the fans have been terrific,” said Davidson. “It has really been a privilege and I hope to play for the team for a long time to come.”
Davidson noted he is recovering nicely from his lower-body injury with no setbacks before training camp which is mid-September.
“After the season you like to have some downtime and make sure you rest your body. It's a long grueling season. You usually take a month off and then you get back into the swing of things,” said Davidson. “There's a lot of pressure to stay in the NHL, so you have to stay in shape, it's the standard now. I make sure I stay fit and I stay focused. I have one shot at this and when I eventually walk away from it, I want to know I gave it my all. One thing I was always taught was play with my heart. That's one thing my dad always told me and is something I tell the kids, play with your heart and the rest will take care of itself.”
Davidson has confirmed he will be helping out with the Ver-Set Skills Camp once again at the Taber Arena which runs Aug. 7-13, giving back to the notion of summer hockey camps that helped Davidson become the player he is today.
“It's a really fun week. I remember skating in that camp when it was in Coaldale and under the Sutters. It's a great program where kids come back year after year,” said Davidson. “As hockey players, it's a chance for us to give back to Taber where we are providing opportunities and creating a great atmosphere for kids to come and enjoy hockey. Anytime a professional athlete can use his power if you will to influence kids and people in a positive way, that's the goal and is a rewarding part of our jobs. It's a great opportunity for me to go back to Taber and see my family and friends, work with kids and see them grow.”
Although ideally you will cite more than one source in your research paper, there are times when a single source dominates, and you find yourself referring to it or quoting it repeatedly.
Does that mean you have to cite that source in full in a footnote (or endnote) every time?
Good news: you don't! (Warning: some instructors might require you to cite in full every time, so be sure to ask before using any of these shortcuts.) There are several ways to cite a source repeatedly and save yourself some typing.
(Note: This post assumes you are using the notes-bibliography system. If you are using the author-date system, simply repeat the author and date in parentheses {(Rothfuss 2009)} every time, adding the page number you're citing {(Rothfuss 2009, 32)}.)
1. Use a shortened form of the citation.
Let's say you wrote a footnote (or endnote) for this book after you quoted from page 32:
8. Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind (New York, NY: DAW Books, 2009), 32.
The next time you cite that book (say, in note 12), you can give just the author's last name, a shortened title, and the page number:
12. Rothfuss, Name of the Wind, 50.
If Name of the Wind is the only title by Rothfuss that you cite in your paper, you can leave out the title:
12. Rothfuss, 50.
This kind of shortening is recommended by The Chicago Manual of Style and Turabian's Manual for Writers, but there are a couple of even faster ways to repeat a citation.
2. Cite the page number in the text.
Let's go back to your first citation of The Name of the Wind, where you cited it in full:
8. Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind (New York, NY: DAW Books, 2009), 32.
If the next source you cite is this same book, you can simply put the new page number in parentheses in the text of your paper. You don't have to write another note. Here's a sample paragraph from a paper using this format:
Rothfuss uses the word innkeeper throughout The Name of the Wind.8 In some places, he uses it because he wants to avoid using the innkeeper's name (50). In other places, he seems to use it just for variety (116, 310).
______
8. Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind (New York, NY: DAW Books, 2009), 32.
Important: Page numbers in parentheses in the text always refer to the most recently cited source. You can keep using page numbers in parentheses as long as you're still citing that source. But as soon as you cite a different source, page numbers in the text will switch to the new source.
So let's say you switch to citing passages from The Slow Regard of Silent Things. When you go back to citing The Name of the Wind, do you have to write out the whole citation again?
You don't! You can continue to use the shortened author-title-page (or author-page) form shown in note 12 above.
Finally, for the truly lazy there is one more way to avoid typing out those titles.
3. Use an abbreviation.
This method is usually reserved for sources that recur many times. Let's say your entire paper is about The Name of the Wind and you cite specific page numbers on practically every page. In that case, you can assign the book an abbreviation to use after the first full citation:
8. Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind (New York, NY: DAW Books, 2009), 32. Hereafter abbreviated NW.
You can then use the abbreviation any time you refer to the book, whether in the text of your paper or in another note, no matter how many sources you cite in between:
One example of this is the way Rothfuss uses the word innkeeper.8 In The Slow Regard of Silent Things, the word never appears.9 In Wind, he seems to use it just for variety (NW, 116, 310).
______
8. Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind (New York, NY: DAW Books, 2009), 32. Hereafter abbreviated NW.
9. Patrick Rothfuss, The Slow Regard of Silent Things (New York, NY: DAW Books, 2014).
Warning: Ask your instructor before using this method. (You knew that.)
4. Use ibid. Many professional scholars use the Latin term ibid. to mean “the source I cited,” but Chicago prefers the use of a short citation. Teachers who want you to use ibid. will explain how, or you can read about it in the notes and bibliography chapter of The Chicago Manual of Style.
~ ~ ~
#ChicagoStyle
Many libraries provide free access to The Chicago Manual of Style Online. If you aren't sure whether your school subscribes, ask your librarian. In the meantime, click here for a free trial.
Order the hardcover here.
#ChicagoStyle for Students
Kate Turabian's A Manual for Writers of Research Papers, Theses, and Dissertations, written specifically for students, covers every aspect of research paper writing, from thinking up a topic to submitting the paper in official Chicago format. Turabian's guidelines are compatible with The Chicago Manual of Style.
More advice for students
I spent some time the other day browsing content within the ‘Facebook page of Domestic Violence NSW'. As a first-time visitor I was somewhat taken aback at the extent of anti-male and pro-feminist bias evident in the material posted there.
By way of background, Domestic Violence NSW is a Sydney-based charity that received over $6 million in government funding in the period August 2013 – August 2014.
During my visit I submitted a review of their site, noting that:
“When people google your organisation this is what they read: “Domestic Violence information site for Australian mothers seeking to leave abusive relationships, including contact details for various help services.” Yet when they arrive at your home page the message stated is that ‘domestic violence can happen to anyone, any gender, etc…'
My question is then, if you recognise male victims of domestic violence then why not amend the Google summary to be consistent? ie. “information site for Australians seeking to leave abusive relationships…” The only reason to not do so would appear to be a desire to appease the feminists who seem to control the DV ‘debate' in this country. Please consider and respect both sexes”.
At the same time I submitted that review, I contributed three comments in response to various items posted in the timeline. Whilst the review remained in place for a couple of days (I'm guessing they took a while to notice it), my comments disappeared within hours.
DV NSW then blocked me from making further posts on their Facebook page, and lodged a complaint with Facebook admin. Both of these moves are recognised as common feminist tactics used to try to silence those with whom they disagree.
I saw no evidence of dissenting views posted by others, and from that I assume that the timeline is regularly sanitised as is often the case with online feminist forums.
My crime? My crime was simply to put forward a view at odds with the material posted in the timeline. I can assure readers that my comments were quite cordial and offered free of malice, the most offensive terms included therein probably being “male victims” and “female perpetrators”.
Domestic Violence NSW forwarded this message:
“Hi Chris, All content DVNSW posts comes from credible media sources, using statistical information gathered by that source. We CLEARLY use descriptors when posting content that is an opinion or editorial. DVNSW does not prescribe to these opinions, we simply post the content. Our media monitors capture the daily media involving domestic and family violence and we share articles that meet our policy guidelines.
The issue with your post is that a) it comes from a source outside of Australia, which means it is not drawn from our ABS data collected here and b) it does not contain credible sources of information and references.
If you'd like to read about male victims of domestic violence, we would suggest looking into the work of Dr Michael Flood. He is well researched and knowledgable in this area and highly respected within our Australian context.”
I wrote back seeking clarification:
“I'm afraid I'm a little confused as to how I have infringed your posting guidelines. Your message refers to my post, but it would appear that you have removed several of my posts from your timeline. As far as I recall only one of my posts included a hyperlink, and that was linking to an Australian blog. That blog page did in turn include further links to a variety of sources, most if not all of which I would categorize as “credible”.
As I clearly have an interest in the subject and will no doubt visit your page again, I would like to better understand the nature of your concerns. Would you mind providing copies of the posts that you removed, in each case identifying the offending elements of each? Many thanks for your assistance. Chris
PS: I am aware of Mr Flood's work and I regret to inform you that, outside of feminist circles, he is anything but “highly regarded”.
I'll post their reply here should I receive one, but I'm not going to be holding my breath waiting for that to happen.
Postscript (later the same day): Oh (massive facepalm) this reaction is either juvenile beyond belief … or indicative of a generous measure of paranoia. Upon visiting the Twitter stream of Domestic Violence NSW I was alerted to the following announcement:
Dear followers,
Sadly we have become aware that our Facebook page is currently being targeted by troll groups who remain highly opposed to our exposure of the latest boosts in media surrounding the current, credible statistics concerning the death rate of people (the majority women and children) from domestic and family violence this year and last. We are aware that these individuals are creating fake profiles and recruiting others to attack our page with spam from a particular mens rights website. As such, whilst we investigate this and proceed with a course of action, we are regrettably restricting all comments on our posts. We are incredibly disappointed by having to do this as we love your interaction and support of awareness and changing the culture that exists around Domestic and Family violence.
We have made this choice for several reasons, these are;
1. These individuals are posting links to websites and media that we believe could trigger and distress many of our audience who have had experience living with violence. We do not wish to risk the health and safety of any of our supporters.
2. Our media is unable to be monitored 24/7 and it is monitored by staff members, thus making it a work environment. As we would never allow our staff to work in an unsafe work environment, we feel that this content is inappropriate for staff members to have to work around.
3. We feel that whilst we investigate this behaviour, and possible breaches in legislation, we can actively end this continuing further and reach out to those who feel this behaviour is appropriate.
Please note: WE WILL STILL BE POSTING MEDIA AND THIS WILL BE ABLE TO BE SHARED BY YOU.
We can assure you we are still able to be contacted whenever necessary and you can contact us via the information on our website: www.dvnsw.org.au/html/ contact.htm and we encourage you to do so.
We will aim to enable comments again ASAP and we thank you all for your continued support.
We all have a right to be heard and to present diverse opinions when this is done respectfully and with maturity.
Thank you and please be kind to one another.
The DVNSW Team
Assuming this is not droll humour, I'm embarrassed for these people.
Feminists reject the term ‘victim' in favour of ‘survivor'. And yet dismissing those with alternative perspectives as trolls, and concealing or misrepresenting their message, embodies the very essence of perpetual victimhood. It is the behaviour one might expect from infantilized, narcissistic sissie-girls.
Those who are so invested in equality could begin by extending equality to others. You value inclusiveness? Then include others. You want to fashion meaningful reform directed towards achieving real social justice? Come back to the table when you're ready to act like grown-ups.
Postscript 16 March 2015: A couple of days after DV NSW deleted my posts they inserted a statement in their timeline saying that they supported all victims of domestic violence (pictured). They also inserted a couple of posts about male victims and one about a girl bashed by her mum. In and of itself that's a good thing, but I suspect it was done more ‘for show' than to demonstrate real commitment to gender equality.
I also happened across an interesting post online which immediately struck a cord given that it mirrored my own experience with DV NSW:
“The fact is the people pushing this notion that Family Violence is a gendered issue know full well they are lying. I used to believe they were misguided or ill informed but I have had a couple of personal dealings with groups running online support and fundraising for the female victims of domestic violence. When I questioned them and presented some facts in a very polite, respectful manner, the same two things happened on three occasions. 1. My comments were deleted. 2. An article on male victims of DV was posted with a statement reminding everyone that anyone can be a victim of domestic violence. When I scrolled down their page I discovered this was the only mention anywhere on their page of male victims. They only put up that one because they want to cover their arses in case another informed reader questioned their bigotry.” (Source – See comment from Mark Mooroolbark)
I posted a brief response noting my experience with DV NSW, and then things got even more interesting when Mark replied to me in the following manner:
“That is one of the mobs I was referring to! Just this week I wrote a polite comment on their Facebook page and someone responded with that false statistic that DV is the leading cause of death and disability in women between the ages of 15 and 49. I responded by simply stating that this was not correct and listed the five leading causes of death and disability before adding a few more points-all reasonable and polite. I returned to find my comments deleted and a post explaining that due to trolling from a Men's Right Group they are blocking all comments -they said the women monitoring the site may feel unsafe and that the comments posted were disrespectful, immature etc…
I was so angry that I immediately wrote to Moo Baulch the CEO of the Domestic Violence NSW organisation stating exactly what happened and asking for an explanation. She responded to my email and said she would ring me sometime this week. If the call ever takes place it will be interesting to hear her defence of this censorship”.
Could it be that DV NSW interpreted two individuals independently offering feedback on DV NSW's priorities as constituting a targeted attack by “troll groups“? Could they really be that stupid or delusional? What do you think?
See also:
The vitriol against the Safe Schools program reflects state-sanctioned homophobia (26 February 2016) Moo Baulch equates parliamentary debate regarding the value and appropriateness of a feminist-supported program in schools to “state-sanctioned hate speech“.
Why Do Feminists Cook Up Stories About ‘Misogyny' When They Lose Debates? (11 June 2015)
A most informative PowerPoint presentation on the nature and treatment of paranoia (Come on ladies, it can't hurt you just to have a look at this)
The CEO of Domestic Violence NSW, Moo Baulch, is quoted in this article indicating her resistance to free and open discussion of domestic violence, and criticizing the nature of statistics provided by the Police.
As one reader subsequently observed:
“Interesting how bigots like Jenna Price bemoan the ‘lack of context' and a ‘proper breakdown of the statistics' when the greatest concern most non feminists have about feminists is their complete and utter disregard for context and the the proper representation of statistics. In fact, it is feminists who are the greatest abusers of ‘statistics' through misrepresentation.”
Hypocrisy? What hypocrisy
Elsewhere in this blog you might be interested in:
On the censorship of non-feminist perspectives and opinions
The Unbearable Lameness of Being
So what exactly is the ‘Domestic Violence Industry'?
Australian taxpayer-funded organisations that do little/nothing for men (other than demonising them)
rotoscope
Kindness is never in short supply, once smitten twice Fluttershy.EDITED: removed shadow from nose. Might need to remove emphasis on the nose, still, some more.From: Season 1 Episode 17 - Stare MasterFinally got around to finishing this. I might've been pretty lazy about it. I'm thinkin' I'm finally gettin' the hang of doing this LOOK STYLE, WHATEVERstuff proper. Should do a specific part of the layers a day (outline, eyes, shadows, etc.), as opposed to the entire frame, then the next. Seems to work faster, A LOT faster that way once I can consistently hit a certain look I like then redraw it in that way every time.Anyway, enough of that crap. Here it is, in its final form. Yes, this is its final form, you can use all of your mana and items here. She is a world champ, ya know. You just can't beat her *SQUEE*.EDIT: Her motherfuckin' name will be the death of me. I cannot tell you how many times I've typed "FlutterYshy". Fixed that before you guys will ever catch it.
Amazon Web Services (AWS), the number one cloud provider in the world and a subsidiary of Amazon.com, has expressed interest in bringing their services to Trinidad and Tobago.
A team from AWS held a meeting with Minister of Public Administration and Communications, Maxie Cuffie and his colleague, Minister of Trade and Industry, Paula Gopee-Scoon earlier today to present the benefits the Government of Trinidad and Tobago stand to gain from using Amazon's public cloud services.
“Their visit here is very timely because the Government is in the process of developing a cloud policy. The Government is also going to the market for a solution for data processing and the evolution of the Gov Net platform,” said Cuffie via a release from the Ministry.
He noted that with AWS having only one data centre located in the Latin America/Caribbean region, among their 16 locations, they could consider Trinidad and Tobago as an ideal location to expand their services to the region. He told the AWS team there are tremendous opportunities for investment here.
Minister Gopee-Scoon described Trinidad and Tobago as “a powerhouse of opportunity.”
“There is a lot of business to do in Trinidad and Tobago and right now diversification is key in light of falling oil production and energy prices,” she said, explaining that ICT is particularly important to her Ministry because of the Single Electronic Window (SEW).
The AWS team is on a three-day visit to Trinidad. They have also expressed interest in providing cloud services to various educational institutions and the establishment of reseller and partner relationships with appropriate businesses and service providers on the island.
They visited Tamana InTech Park and met with officials of Invest TT. AWS Regional Sales Manager, Luis Ayala said having looked at TT Biz link “it is pretty amazing…from what we've seen in other countries it's really interesting, it is far advanced…”
The Gartner Magic Quadrant report ranks AWS as the number one cloud provider and found that the amount of computing power AWS supplies customers is more than ten times that of the other top 14 cloud providers combined.
The meeting took place at the Ministry of Public Administration and Communications, NALIS building.
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) building is viewed in Washington, DC, February 19, 2014. AFP PHOTO / Jim WATSON (Photo credit should read JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images)
Over the last three years, federal regulators have won giant legal settlements from companies like BP, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase, but according to a new study, the outlines of those agreements have freed firms to write off billions as tax deductions.
The study by the United States Public Interest Group, a nonprofit advocacy group, examined the 10 largest settlements by five government regulators since 2012: the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Health and Human Services and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
In that time, companies were required to pay nearly $80 billion to resolve investigations into alleged wrongdoing, but the analysis found that companies “can readily write off at least $48 billion of this amount as a tax deduction.” That translates to a loss of $17 billion in federal tax revenue, more than what the Internal Revenue Service collects each year in estate taxes, according to the report.
At issue is the legal language of the deals and how they address what the authors call a “gray area” of the tax code. Corporations are allowed to deduct from their taxable income all ordinary and necessary business expenses. What they can't do is deduct penalties or fines paid to the government. With large settlements, though, payments are often not a penalty or fine, but rather meant to address some form of liability connected to alleged misdeeds. When that's the case, firms can typically write that amount off as a cost of doing business.
“It's kind of a compromise,” said the report's co-author, Michelle Surka, a tax and budget program associate at U.S. PIRG. “The corporation gets to ultimately deduct these huge amounts of payments, the government agency gets to advertise these huge top-line numbers saying that they're holding the corporation accountable for its behavior, but the bottom line is that taxpayers are the ones who are losing.”
In 2013, for example, JPMorgan Chase agreed to what was then a landmark $13 billion civil penalty with the Department of Justice to resolve investigations into its sale of risky mortgages prior to the financial crisis. Of that amount, $11 billion was eligible for a tax deduction. A spokesman for the bank declined to comment.
Similarly, when the DOJ reached a $25 billion mortgage settlement in 2012 with Ally Financial, Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo, $20 billion of that amount was eligible as a deduction for the banks.
To be sure, the $48 billion highlighted in the study represents just the amount eligible for tax deductions. Because corporations do not have to report specifically how much they have deducted, or what they may deduct in future years, there is no way to definitively measure the actual amount deducted from past settlements. In 2013, though, the IRS noted that unless an agency explicitly forbids a company from doing so in a settlement, “almost every defendant/taxpayer deducts the entire amount” as a business expense. In other words, they have no incentive not to.
The study, which was released Thursday, noted that none of the five agencies have publicly available policies for the tax status of settlements, but it called the CFPB and the EPA the most consistent when it comes to ensuring that at least a part of all signed settlements can't be tax deductible.
The DOJ signed the majority of the largest agreements analyzed, but only 18.4 percent of settlement dollars “were explicitly non-deductible,” according to the analysis. At the SEC, it was 15 percent.
Officials at the five agencies either did not respond or were unavailable for comment.
Federal law doesn't require agencies to post information about settlements, but a bill that passed the Senate unanimously in September would require them to make available any agreement that they enter into with a company, and to provide a breakdown of how much is designated as a penalty or fine and not tax deductible. The measure, the Truth in Settlements Act, is currently stuck in the House.
“The reason why this issue matters is because when tax deductions are allowed for these settlement agreements, we're forcing Americans to basically foot the bill and subsidize the corporate wrongdoing that these settlements are supposed to be addressing,” according to Surka. Moreover, she said, “When you tell a corporation that has committed some kind of crime, that it's actions are business as usual, then recidivism is bound to happen.”
Why This Pastor Removed Her Cloak of Bisexual Invisibility
I've known that I was attracted to people of both genders for a long time ― since long before I knew the word bisexual. I remember how excited I was as a teenager to discover that there was actually a word for people like me. As an adult, some of my crushes, dates, and relationships have been with women, and some have been with men. As it happens, the person I fell in love with and have committed to spending the rest of my life with is a wonderful and amazing man.
Being out can be tricky for bisexuals because our sexuality is often invisible. Bisexuals who are with same-sex partners are often assumed to be gay, and bisexuals who are with opposite-sex partners are often assumed to be straight. Plus bisexuals are sometimes viewed with suspicion or confusion by both ends of the Kinsey scale, gay and straight alike. All of this, coupled with the fact that I hate few things more than awkwardness and making other people feel uncomfortable, has meant that until relatively recently, I've been out only in patches: the search committee who hired me at First Congregational Church in Natick, Mass., where I am an associate pastor; a lot of my friends, but not all; and some family members, but not most.
Because bisexuality is so misunderstood, I told myself that rather than coming out completely, I would be doing more for LGBT rights if I kept my sexuality to myself, rather than risk muddying the waters for those who aren't so well-versed in the whole LGBT alphabet soup. But I had a change of heart two years ago when the U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments in the Perry case over whether or not California's Proposition 8, prohibiting same-sex couples from marrying. was constitutional. In response to news about the case, my Facebook feed was flooded with status updates, posts, and online conversations about the case ― both pro and con. Sadly, most of the posts against marriage equality were generated by family and longtime friends of mine.
It quickly became clear to me that my decision not to be out as a bisexual person was a lie I told myself out of fear of alienating some members of my family. But those posts showed me that the waters could not possibly get any muddier. After all, how could the dialogue with those in my life deteriorate further, given that it began with comparing the right to civil marriage to pedophilia, incest, and bestiality?
As I contemplated coming out as bisexual to those family members, I realized just how important it was to me for them to understand that when they talked about how “the gays” were destroying the institution of marriage or brainwashing our children or eroding our moral values, they were talking about me. They were talking about Summer Finnell Shaud, their sister/aunt/cousin/classmate/friend/pastor/whatever. They were talking about me and millions of other regular people who want only the same legal rights and protections that they enjoyed. So I came out as bisexual. On Facebook.
As we prepare to mark Celebrate Bisexuality Day on Wednesday, I think it's worth coming out again. Just to remind folks that I'm still here ― and still bisexual. What I learned by coming out two years ago, particularly with my congregation, is that coming out is just the beginning. Not a single person in my church has reacted negatively to my coming out (at least not that I'm aware of), but for many, it prompted curiosity and a desire to know more. I have had a number of conversations with parishioners and fellow staff members since then who have wanted a kind of “bisexuality 101.” While many of those conversations with congregants were sometimes awkward for me, they were clearly and invariably coming from a place of love and a sincere desire to understand. They were also a reminder to me that faith communities must minister to the spiritual and social needs of bisexual people ― pastors and congregants alike. Perhaps the best way to do this is by creating “bisexually healthy congregations,” a termed coined by the Religious Institute to refer to congregations led by clergy who are educated about bisexuality and where bisexuality is explicitly addressed in the church's youth and adult sexuality education.
My Facebook-inspired coming-out two years ago took place during Holy Week, when I was deep in preparation for our Maundy Thursday worship service, the church's commemoration of Jesus washing the disciples' feet as an act of love and acceptance. That reflection, coupled with my experiences coming out, has taught me that we know love by what love does. In the end, when we are supported in our journey toward authentic and abundant life, love wins.
SUMMER SHAUD is associate pastor of First Congregational Church in Natick, Mass., and a contributor to the congregational guidebook Bisexuality: Making the Invisible Visible in Faith Communities.
AHHHHHHHHH ARCHIE ARCHIE HAPPY BIIIIIRTHDAY MY AMAZING BEAUTIFUL FRIEND!! I HOPE YOU HAVE THE COOLEST OF COOL DAYS AND THAT EVERYTHING IS AWESOME AND THAT YOU GET LOTS OF CAKE AND PRESENTS AND ALL THE GOOD THINGS BECAUSE YOU DESERVE IT ALL YOU FANTASTIC PERSON!!also you're TWENTY-FOUR WHAT HOW that's SO OLD like are you actually a dinosaur?? you're SOOOO OOOOOOLD!!!I actually had so many different things I wanted to draw you this year, but in the end I went with Dipper and Mabel because I never really draw them and I know how much you love the two of them! Plus space axolotl, but do I really need to justify that? ahahaha xD I figured this is Dipper and Mabel on a road trip or going to visit the sea grunks or something, and they just stopped off at an awesome lighthouse on the way! IDK I just know you love the sea and space and pretty skies and so wanted to get them all in one picture hahahahANYWAY!! I really REALLY hope you like it!! You're seriously one of the best friends I've ever had so...yeah! EAT LOTS OF CAKE!!___It's the insanely awesome fantastic's birthday today!!! And so, as per tradition, I've drawn her a present! I've actually drawn Gravity Falls fanart for her two years running now ahahahah xD This was super fun to draw though, especially the axolotl!! (for those who don't know, I have very recently become obsessed with axolotls....xD)But seroiusly - everyone goes and check out Archie's gallery if you haven't already because she is an INCREDIBLE artist and she's just getting better all the time and she's super nice and amazing and just give her tons of hugs, yeah??ALSO SPAM HER WITH BIRTHDAY WISHES GO GO GODipper and Mabel (c) Alex Hirschart (c) me
The Android news keeps coming in spite of Google's cancelled Android event—the company has just taken the wraps off of the Nexus 10 tablet, the 10-inch follow-up to the well-reviewed Nexus 7 tablet introduced in June. Unlike its ASUS-made cousin, the new Nexus 10 was manufactured by Samsung with Google's input, and will be available for $399 (16GB) and $499 (32GB) when it goes up for sale on November 13.
The tech in the new tablet is definitely top-shelf material: it features one of Samsung's new Cortex A15-based Exynos 5 chips clocked at 1.7 GHz, and its quad-core Mali-T604 GPU helps to drive a 10.055-inch PLS display with a resolution of 2560x1600. This 300 pixel-per-inch screen has four times the number of pixels in a 1280x800 screen and edges out the Retina iPad's 264 pixels per inch. The tablet's CPU should compare favorably to the Apple-designed CPU cores in its A6 and A6X processors, and the GPU should at least be playing in the same field as the A5X and A6X—we won't know for sure how they all shake out until we actually have hardware in-hand to test with.
Other specs common to high-end Android tablets are also present: 2GB of RAM, storage capacities starting at 16GB, NFC, 802.11n, and Bluetooth 4.0. There are front and rear-facing cameras (at 1.9 and 5 megapixels, respectively). It also has a 9,000mAh battery that Google says is good for nine hours of use. Like the Nexus 7, it lacks a microSD card slot, so the amount of storage you buy with it is the amount that it's stuck with—it does have micro USB and micro HDMI ports, however. It's also running the enhanced version of Jelly Bean, Android 4.2, and as part of the Nexus program should get prompt operating system updates for the foreseeable future.
This tablet is the first-ever 10-inch tablet to bear the Nexus branding, but it's not the first 10-inch tablet to run stock Android and get prompt updates: the honor belongs to the Motorola Xoom, which Google and Motorola released to showcase Honeycomb in early 2011. We had mixed feelings about the Xoom in our original review, but we were more impressed when we re-reviewed it after its Jelly Bean update rolled out—we called it "the right software in search of the right hardware," and as long as it doesn't inherit the chintzy, flexible plastic of Samsung's Galaxy Note 10.1, the Nexus 10 might just be that hardware.
Update: the original version of this article said that the Nexus 10 had a Super AMOLED display; it actually uses a plane-to-line switching (PLS) display.
Sperm Wars is a primary nonfiction book by evolutionary biologist Robin Baker.[2][3] Originally published in English in 1996, it has since appeared in 25 languages[4] and in 2006 a 10th anniversary edition[2] was published in the United States.
Description [ edit ]
Through a series of short fictional stories and discussion following them, Baker proposes evolutionary functions for sexual habits, mostly on the principle of competition between sperm of different men for a prized egg.[2] The "sperm wars" include both literal battles between sperm inside a woman's reproductive tract, and figurative battles between men competing for the chance to mate. The book is controversial,[5] both because of its explanations of homosexuality, sexual assault, and prostitution, and because some critics have claimed that several of the hypotheses in the book are not supported by scientific research.
Oral sex is explained as an opportunity for partners to judge each other's reproductive health, and for mates to detect recent infidelity (also proposed by Kohl & Francoeur, 1995 "The Scent of Eros"). The shape of the penis and the thrusting during intercourse serve to remove other men's semen.[6] Male masturbation is said to discard old, dying sperm, so that an ejaculated contains younger sperm that will stay active inside the cervix longer, with more of a chance of being present during the window of ovulation. Baker also proposes that men adjust the amount of sperm they ejaculate based on the time their mate has spent away from them.[7] Likewise, women are found to be more likely to engage in extra-pair copulation and retain larger amounts of sperm during their most fertile phase of the month, and more likely to have sex with their regular partner during the infertile phase.[8]
Focus [ edit ]
A major focus of the book is sperm heteromorphism, in which not only are a variety of morphological types[9] of sperm apparent in every normal human ejaculate, but also at any one time fewer than 1% seem capable of responding to and fertilizing an egg.[10] A similarly low proportion of fertile sperm is found in the ejaculates of mice.[11] Baker calls these fertile sperm "egg-getters", and claims that the rest of the sperm in to ejaculate are infertile "kamikaze sperm" or "blockers", whose primary purpose is to prevent other men's sperm from getting to the egg.[12] He cites data suggesting that in Britain at least 4% of children (but perhaps as many as 6–12%) are conceived via sperm competition,[13] and claims that this lower figure is consistent with the earlier finding that 10% of children have a biological father who is other than their supposed father.[14] Baker describes in detail how "killer sperm" actively seek out rival sperm and kill them with poison from acrosomes to prevent them from getting to the egg. This literal sperm warfare was not observed in a subsequent experiment,[15] but Baker criticizes the protocol in this latter experiment.[5]
Studies [ edit ]
Based on studies with a fiber optic endoscope attached to a man's penis during sex, Baker describes how the cervix behaves during sex and orgasm, dipping down "like an elephant's trunk" into the pool of semen so that the sperm can more easily swim into it, the so-called "upsuck theory" of female orgasm. This has also come under some criticism; see Cervix#Function. He theorizes about how the timing of orgasm can affect fertility, due to changes in the cervical mucus said to accompany orgasm, which then affect its ability to "filter out" sperm and prevent them from traveling into the cervix. Other studies have found no connection to sperm transport or fertility.[16][17]
Although Baker draws a clear distinction between "predatory rape" and "date rape", the book has drawn criticism for portraying "date rape" and "rough-and-tumble intercourse" as being on the same spectrum of behaviour: a test of the male's strength and ability. Despite Baker asserting that the two behaviours are at different (illegal and legal) ends of that spectrum, his statement that the drawing of the line between criminal and non-criminal behaviour is a job for the legal profession and not for the biologist has led some to interpret his words as meaning that he sees no real difference between the two:[18]
Initially, she can simply watch him in competition with other males. ... But finally, the only real test a woman can set is whether a man can negotiate and overcome her own defences. To test this, she has to resist first verbally, then physically. The stronger and more realistic her resistance, the better the test.
In this context he makes comparison with the many examples of aggressively induced ovulation in mammals, including the extreme example of mink in which if the female does not experience physical trauma at the male's hands, she does not ovulate[19][20]
Orientation [ edit ]
Regarding sexual orientation, he states that true homosexuals are rare; that only 6% of the male population engages in any sort of homosexual behavior in their lifetime, and that 80% of those also have sex with women, so he focuses on bisexuality. "It seems most likely that exclusive homosexuality is a genetic by-product of the reproductively advantageous characteristic of bisexuality. If so, homosexual behaviour joins the ranks of a number of other human characteristics that are advantageous when a person has inherited a few of the relevant genes, but disadvantageous if they have inherited more."
Bisexuality in both men and women is explained as an adaptive trait because it provides earlier opportunities to gain sexual experience, and more opportunities to practice skills such as infidelity and interacting with people of different personalities. Experience gained with a member of the same sex of a particular character type can help the bisexual to get the most out of a relationship with a member of the opposite sex of a similar character type. Although studies show that by the age of 40 years bisexuals have fewer children than heterosexuals,[21][22] he maintains that at low levels in the population bisexuality is still an evolutionary advantage since the children are typically conceived earlier in life; by age 20 years bisexuals have four times the reproductive success of heterosexuals, and by age 25 twice the success.[23] Homophobia is then explained as a natural response to the threat of this reproductive advantage (despite the fact that true homosexuals are not in competition for females), as well as "the bisexual's role in the spread of disease".
FAIR LAWN — Thrown into a politically unfriendly district last week, U.S. Rep. Steve Rothman today signaled he intends to challenge a fellow Democrat in June's primary.
Rothman (D-9th Dist.) began telling Democrats today that he plans run against Rep. Bill Pascrell (D-8th Dist.) in the newly formed 9th Congressional District, according to three Democrats. Technically, Rothman would not have to move to the new district to run there, although he is expected to.
Rothman was thrown into a Republican-leaning district with Rep. Scott Garrett (R-5th Dist.) last week after the congressional redistricting process concluded. Since then, there has been speculation that rather than run an uphill fight against Garrett, Rothman would move and challenge Pascrell in the newly-drawn 9th District, which will contain parts of Bergen, Passaic and Hudson Counties — including many of the towns Rothman currently represents.
Rothman, 59, began informing Democrats of his decision today, according to the sources, who did not want to speak publicly in advance of an official announcement from Rothman, which is expected this week.
Rothman's spokesman, Aaron Keyak, would only refer to a Friday statement in which Rothman said he was reviewing "all my options" and would make a decision soon.
Passaic County Democratic Chairman John Currie, who supports Pascrell, said Rothman "would be letting down New Jersey Democrats by running outside of his hometown and passing up an opportunity to unseat right-wing radical Scott Garrett."
"He would be playing right into the hands of Governor Christie," said Currie. "The Passaic County Democratic Organization is fully committed to Bill Pascrell."
To run against Pascrell, Rothman may move from his current hometown of Fair Lawn into the new district, which includes his former hometown of Englewood, where he used to serve as mayor.
If Rothman goes through with candidacy, it sets up a race between two candidates with large war chests that will play out in the nation's most expensive media market.
As of October, Rothman had $1.74 million in campaign cash to Pascrell's $1.43 million. Both men were first elected to the House in 1996.
Bergen County Democratic Chairman Lou Stellato would not comment on whether Rothman has decided to run. But he said if he does, Rothman will have the support of the Bergen County Democratic Organization.
Bergen County Democratic Chairman Lou Stellato said he will support whatever path Rothman chooses.
"He's got his roots in Bergen County," said Stellato. "They're two excellent, excellent congressmen. You really never want to see that. But … every once in a while it comes to that, and if it has to happen, it's not the worst thing in the world."
New Jersey lost a congressional district because population growth did not keep pace with faster growing states in the south and west, including Texas and Florida, which gained seats.
Related coverage:
• U.S. Rep. Rothman to make announcement about political future following congressional redistricting
• N.J. committee assigned to redraw congressional districts submit final proposals
• N.J. redistricting map debate continues into the night
• Panel to decide which N.J. congressional district to sacrifice
• N.J. loses seat in Congress as Census Bureau unveils population numbers
Share with your friends Submit
What Does it Mean to be Mixed Race?
I am mixed race. There are many ways to be mixed race — the dictionary defines it as people whose parents or ancestors are from different ethnic backgrounds, but the definition can vary based on context. For the most part, mixed people have the right to define their own identity and their relationships with their varied ancestry, but the mixed identity is a fraught one, drawing on narratives of privilege, oppression, and fetishization that can vary for each individual. Mixed white European people have claim to their distinct ancestries and their complexities, for example, but are not necessarily POC, and thus don't face the same discrimination. Afrolatinx people may or may not consider themselves mixed, depending on their background and context.
Barack Obama's relationship with his mixed identity may fill volumes that I do not have the authority to write, but he is still largely recognized as the first Black president, and has been derided for being too Black, critiqued for not being Black enough. I happen to be mixed with white — Pilipinx mixed with Eastern European Jewish — but despite popular belief and stereotype, not all mixed race people are mixed with white. Navigating a mixed race identity can be hard enough on its own, without detrimental comments.
We have to confront our own experiences of belonging and non-belonging, of feeling like lesser, neither, nor downright nothing. We have to confront how our very existence can be the product of colonization and colorism — or how we can exist in stark defiance of those ills. We have to confront living with different dis-enfranchisements at once, in different contexts. Living as a mixed POC is a fraught, complex, sometimes painful, and sometimes beautiful experience — you can read about mine here, but today I want to address common misconceptions, misperceptions, microaggressions, and outright oppressions that we mixed race people face.
Don't misunderstand — I am diluting consistent oppression and marginalization into a listicle. I do this for accessibility, to illuminate the toxicity behind rhetoric people often perceive as harmless or positive, and to use these phrase as jumping off points towards a fuller understanding of mixed race identity. There's much more at work here, and non mixed race people need to check not only their use of these phrases, but the mindsets behind them. Many inappropriate and harmful comments aren't made by open racists, though their presence is real and dangerous, but by well-meaning people who deign themselves ‘allies.'
Depending on who says it — a white person, a person who is fully one of the races you're mixed with, etc — it can be worsened, each charged with its own implications, assumptions, and power dynamics. The intricacies of race, perception, and oppression can vary for every mixed person's experience. To be a good ally, don't assume you're coming from a good place. Understand that confronting internalized racism, when systemic prejudice and anti-miscegenation laws have structured our society, is a process of conscious, humble undoing. Let me go through a few common ridiculous things you should absolutely stop saying to mixed race people.
What are you?
We know where this is coming from. Mixed race people don't necessarily look like what you might “assume.” People make assumptions when they've met one parent or the other, when they hear my last name, when they hear my voice, when they see my face. Often, this is spoken in almost a hushed tone. As if we are sharing an inside joke. As if they are in on the secret. As if they are trying to set themselves apart from the brash, the crude, the Mean Girls Karen Smith manifestation of ignorance, the if you're from Africa, why are you white. It's weighted with an implicit acknowledgement, which we as mixed people are supposed to be…happy about? I see you, they're saying, I know you're not like the rest, I can tell. Not only is it really none of your business, given our climates of colorism and white supremacy, this can come across as fetishizing at best, threatening at worst. Besides, I am not a what. Neither is my mixed identity.
I am an individual who contains multitudes, and I don't appreciate your attempt to box me into one set of stereotypes or another. So yeah, sure, it can be fine to ask. Sometimes you should know where your friends or coworkers are from, so you can respect them. Some of us want other people to know the narratives we carry. But that's up to us. Mixed race people don't owe you an answer. Our identities are not curiosities, small talk, talking points, or tokens. You don't know what our backgrounds mean to us. Approach us with some deference. Acknowledge that your question is charged, and that you may be coming from a place of privilege. Do not pretend you're in on the secret just because you made an assumption. Do not assume this question has an easy answer, or that it's the answer you're expecting. We defy expectation. We don't owe you anything.
More Radical Reads: Being Biracial: Figuring Out Where is Home
That's so cool!
Sigh. Okay, I know, sometimes it is. I am simultaneity, I am the intertwining of two incredible, disparate cultures. Oceans have crossed within me, rhythmic island dialects and heady Canaanite rhythms live not quite at home together on my tongue. It took me 22 years to begin to see that though, and I'm still working on it — and it's entirely mine. Every day, I confront non-belonging, alienation, and racism. My physical existence: my face, my hair, my skin color, my body won't let me forget. I am working on celebrating my existence in this place of multitudes, intersections, and growth. I am working on this despite the pain and setbacks I face. Don't glance at what you don't understand and reduce it to “cool.” More importantly, when full race people say this to mixed race people, it's a reinforcement of the unbalanced power dynamic. Who are you to come down from your stable identity and patronizingly “validate” me? Ask yourself why you're curious about the racial background of mixed race people. We are not a curiosity.
That's so hot!
A more obvious extension of the above. This is fetishizing based on stereotype. This is not a compliment. I don't exist to intrigue you. Ultimately, this sentiment reflects some pretty nauseating exoticization and antiblackness. Exoticization: a manifestation of white supremacy designating something as “other” but nonthreatening, unfamiliar but tameable, bizarre but seductive, seductive in its bizarreness. When it comes to mixed people, this can be uniquely disgusting. I'm mixed Asian and white, thus foreign enough to be perceived as noticeably “different” but with white enough features to still be considered attractive, harmless, and civilized by Western standards. Not so obviously Filipina that my perceived attractiveness remains “approachable,” and light skin enough that the Asian sexual misogynist stereotypes of docility and subservience manifest in how Western men see me.
This means I have the privilege of not being perceived as the hypersexualized, disgustingly racist misperception of a dark skin woman, laden with stereotypes of alluring, “savage” eroticism. Colorism: prejudice or discrimination against individuals with a dark skin tone. Historically, the Western world has constructed the narrative that darker implies lesser: poorer, given to be laborers, less civilized, less intelligent, less beautiful, more prone to “deviant” sexuality and aggression.
This is a manifestation of white supremacy, and it needs to be recognized and culled. When you call a mixed Black POC “hot” because they are not fully Black, you are degrading and oppressing their Blackness while disrespecting the intricacies of their identity. This manifests for many POC who are mixed Black — being “less” Black, but “enough” to make them an attractive novelty. As if complex racial backgrounds can be reduced to societally constructed fuckability as perceived by the Western male gaze. This is invalidating, racist, colorist, antiblack, and…not “hot.” Mixed people don't exist to turn you on. You shouldn't be attracted to racial and racist stereotypes. Recognize your position as a privileged, as potential colonizer, when you register your attraction to mixed people, especially mixed Black POC. Do not perpetuate toxic, dangerous exoticization. If you think I'm attractive, recognize me as an individual. Respect the complexities of my identity. Do not reduce us to how and how badly you want to fuck us. We each belong to ourselves.
Everyone should/will be more like you one day.
This is a weird and annoying neo-liberal/white feminist one. I agree — hopefully, as we become more and more outspoken about racism, colorism, colonization, and white supremacy, we will allow for more celebrated love across races. Yet miscegenation — intermarriage or sexual/romantic relationships between races — was not decriminalized in the United States until 1967, more recently across the world. Indeed, there was plenty of ‘intermixing' between white and Black folks during slavery and the Jim Crow era, and not only did that not lessen racism in the U.S., it helped to solidify it. Miscegenation was often enacted under sexual violence and the violation of Black women, and led to the lynchings of many Black men. Conceptions of racial purity and white superiority still govern how people are perceived desirable or even valid. Colorism is tied into classism and racism, darker peoples believed to be poorer and less attractive. When my parents met, they faced legal and societal discrimination, as do many mixed race couples. Please don't speak with patronizing authority about what you barely understand. And again, this goes back to the problems of “that's so cool.”
The other issue here is “melting pot” ideology. The melting pot imagines that all cultures can, not only coexist, but borrow from each other and blend together…into a colorblind mush. I can't speak for all mixed people and POC, but largely, this idea is damaging. We don't want you to borrow from us without understanding us — that's cultural appropriation. We don't want you to divorce us from our unique, distinct cultures — that's erasure. Colorblindness is racism, and often, when people say they don't see color, what they mean is they only see the absence of it: whiteness. This doesn't help us. We want to coexist. We don't want “separate but equal” but we don't want to dilute our identities into colorless chaos divorced from context and history. We want to take down power structures that invalidate us and render us inferior. We want to be recognized. You are not like us. I don't care if you think yoga's really great for your back, sushi's delicious, you love rap music — you don't have claim to other cultures, and it's not validating to tell mixed people that just because we access multiple cultures, you think you're entitled to the same.
I knew I saw some ___ in you!
You didn't. You really didn't. Don't search our mixed features for familiar stereotypes. Don't try to break my nose down into Filipina wide, Jewish bulging, my eyes into half-slanted, half-wide, my hair into Asian thick, Jewish frizzy. We mixed race people know ourselves, our bodies. Sometimes we love to celebrate where features come from, how different histories play upon the landscape of our physicality or our values, but that's because we live it. Don't reduce me to a set of physical archetypes. I am not a puzzle you can spend your afternoon piecing together. We don't exist for you. We don't have to be broken down into our composite parts, our distinct races, to be valid. We are simultaneity, we are those features existing in a living body and soul. We're not halves of anything, but full and intricate individuals. Allow us to own ourselves.
You don't count/you're not really ___.
The offensive parallel to 5. When we don't “look” or “behave” mixed enough for you. Mixed race people may face this when we identify with a race we're mixed with. I'm Pilipinx, but I don't speak my family's Tagalog fluently. This is because of colonialism, assimilation, and my family's specific struggles and experiences in this country. This does not invalidate my identity as a mixed Pilipinx individual. Every mixed individual has their own relationship with the cultures they come from. It is not up to you to tell us we don't belong.
More Radical Reads: Never Enough: Growing Up Mixed-Race with a Mix of Friends
I can't even tell!
And here's that benevolent, insidious racism again: 6, but presented as flattering. You think we want to hear this? It's not a compliment to erase an aspect of our identity. It's invalidating. When we don't conform to your assumptions about what mixed people look or behave like, that's not our problem — it's yours. Mixed identities are layered and complex. Even if you mean well, you may be holding onto ideas based in racism, colorism, and white supremacy. Take the lead from your mixed race friends. Don't expect us to hold your hand and spell out how to treat us like people, but take the initiative to be humble, to listen to how we speak about ourselves, our relationship with our identities, and how we want to be perceived. Remember that each mixed person is unique, and none of us owe you anything. And to my fellow mixed humans out there — we are valid. We belong to us. Our identities are our own. We belong. We don't need to be any more or less. We are not disparate fragments of individual cultures — we are each something else entirely, and our experiences are important, fraught, and damn beautiful. Your body, mind, and soul are allowed to overlap between cultures, landscape, and language. We are multitudes. May each of our journeys with our identities endeavor towards love and learning.
[Feature Image: A fair skin person sits at desk wearing a grey blouse. They are looking to the left at the camera with hair pulled back into a ponytail. Source: Pexels]
Some blunders are bigger than others.
Morrissey will soon be selling a t-shirt with James Baldwin's face on it that quotes “I wear black on the outside because black is how I feel on the inside” from The Smiths' ‘Unloveable'.
Just let all of that sink in for a second while taking a gander at the offending merch below.
Moz's admiration for Baldwin, a writer and activist famous for books like Notes of a Native Son and Go Tell It on the Mountain, has been detailed before. As Pitchfork points out, Morrissey wrote about Baldwin in his autobiography and has projected videos of Baldwin at his shows.
You'd think, you'd think that because of this fandom that Morrissey would know this is a completely bone-headed, absurdly tone deaf, pretty much totally racist t-shirt design, right? It's no wonder he picked a lyric from a song that starts with the line, “I know I'm unlovable, you don't need to tell me.” ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
This unadvisable tee will be available for purchase at Morrissey's upcoming North American tour. But please don't get it. Seriously.
A 16-year-old who lived in Loudoun County, Va., was shot and killed when he accidentally entered the wrong house.
Caleb Gordley, a popular athlete who had been living in a brick house with his parents and sister for about a year, sneaked out of his house to go to a party with friends after he'd been grounded for not cleaning his room.
When he returned around 2 a.m. he slipped into the house he thought was his. Friends said he had been drinking and mistook his neighbor's similar house two doors down for his own and climbed in through the back window.
When the burglar alarm sounded, the homeowner treated Caleb as an intruder, and shot and killed him.
Caleb's father, Shawn Gordley, told The Washington Post, “They have the exact same staircase as us, the exact same carpet. Caleb clearly thought he was in his own house.” He added, “He probably stumbled around and was just trying to go to his room.”
At Sterling Park High school in Sterling, Va., students mourned the loss of a talented athlete. The coach of the basketball team, Mike Koscinski, who had advanced Caleb to varsity this year, said of the junior, “He was the hype man. He got everyone hyped up before games.”
A statement from the family reads, “Between the darkness and him being under the influence of alcohol, his mistake turned into the ultimate tragedy.”
Police are continuing to investigate the shooting, but Virginia law gives “wide latitude to people who fear for their safety when someone breaks into their homes,” according to The Washington Post.
We need to be more successful in our fight against youth unemployment, otherwise we will lose the battle for Europe's unity
PARIS — German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble warned on Tuesday that failure to win the battle against youth unemployment could tear Europe apart, while abandoning the continent's welfare model in favour of tougher U.S. standards would cause “revolution”.
Germany, along with France and Italy, backed urgent action to rescue a generation of young Europeans who fear they will not find jobs, with youth unemployment in the EU standing at nearly one in four, more than twice the adult rate.
“We need to be more successful in our fight against youth unemployment, otherwise we will lose the battle for Europe's unity,” Schaeuble said.
While Germany insists on the importance of budget consolidation, Schaeuble spoke of the need to preserve Europe's welfare model.
If U.S. welfare standards were introduced in Europe, “we would have revolution, not tomorrow, but on the very same day,” Schaeuble told a conference in Paris.
“We have to rescue an entire generation of young people who are scared. We have the best-educated generation and we are putting them on hold. This is not acceptable,” Italian Labour minister Enrico Giovannini said.
Germany in particular, weary of a backlash as many in crisis-hit European countries blame it for austerity, has over the past weeks taken steps to tackle unemployment, striking bilateral deals with Spain and Portugal.
German ministers told the conference that, to help young people find jobs, Europe must continue on the path of structural reforms to boost its competitiveness as well as make good use of available EU funds, including 6 billion euros that leaders have set aside for youth employment for 2014-20.
While all agreed on the urgency needed to tackle youth unemployment, ministers offered no concrete plans, insisting Europe must be pragmatic and work on various strands.
Schaeuble said this was why Germany had also decided to strike deals with countries such as Spain and Greece.
“Let's be honest, there is no quick fix, there is no grand plan,” said Werner Hoyer, head the European Investment Bank.
Together with ministers, he said policies aimed at boosting youth employment must focus on small and medium-sized enterprises as they are the main entry point to the labour market for most.
More than half of Spain's under 25-year-olds are jobless, as are nearly 40% in Portugal. In Greece, youth unemployment shot to a record 64% in February.
In March 2013, the lowest youth unemployment rates were in Germany and Austria, both below 8%, highlighting the wide disparities within the EU.
The youth employment crisis will be a central theme of a June EU leaders' summit, and German Chancellor Angela Merkel has invited EU labour ministers to a youth unemployment conference in Berlin on July 3.
Following up on an idea aired earlier this month, French President Francois Hollande urged the eurozone to work towards a joint economic government with its own budget which could take on specific projects including tackling youth unemployment.
© Thomson Reuters 2013
Republicans played down Mr. Trump's appeals, describing them as the actions of a political newcomer unfamiliar with what is appropriate presidential conduct.
Mr. Burr said he did not feel pressured by the president's appeal, portraying it as the action of someone who has “never been in government.” But he acknowledged other members of his committee have had similar discussions with Mr. Trump. “Everybody has promptly shared any conversations that they've had,” Mr. Burr said.
One of them was Mr. Blunt, who was flying on Air Force One with Mr. Trump to Springfield, Mo., in August when he found himself being lobbied by the president “to wrap up this investigation,” according to a Republican official familiar with the conversation.
Mr. Blunt was not bothered by Mr. Trump's comments, the official said, because he did not see them bearing a “sinister motive.''
But Mr. Burr and Mr. Blunt have both taken steps to limit their interaction with Mr. Trump this year, not wanting to create the perception of coziness as they conduct a highly sensitive investigation into contacts between the president's campaign and Moscow last year.
Robert S. Mueller III, the Justice Department's special counsel who is leading a separate investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election, is also examining whether Mr. Trump tried to obstruct justice when he fired James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director who was running a federal inquiry into the matter.
Mr. Trump also called other lawmakers over the summer with requests that they push Mr. Burr to finish the inquiry, according to a Republican senator who requested anonymity to discuss his contact with the president.
This is a post in our Your Django Story series where we highlight awesome ladies who work with Django. Read more about it here.
Claudia works as a software engineer at Marktplaats.nl, based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Marktplaats.nl is the biggest classifieds website in the Netherlands and part of the eBay Classifieds Group. Claudia currently codes in Scala and Java, and uses Python for testing API's and for development tooling. She comes from Romania, where she lived until she finished her Computer Science degree at university. Claudia moved to the Netherlands to join her husband. They love playing World of Warcraft as a team.
How did your story with code start?
It started really early on, when I was about 12. I was spending a lot of time with my uncle and two cousins. In order to keep us occupied in the summer vacation my uncle was giving us small visual tasks, like drawing geometric shapes, and we were supposed to draw them using Basic, on a really old Russian computer that you would connect to the TV. Since I enjoyed that a lot I decided to go to a informatics high school, where I learned programming and algorithms.
What did you do before becoming a programmer?
I was studying maths and physics because I dreamt of becoming an astronaut. But when I had to choose my highschool major I chose informatics because it was more exciting.
What do you love the most about coding?
In coding you always get what you are asking the program to do. In that respect the computer is always right when you get a bug, because it was you that coded that mistake in. I like this kind of assurance, that I can fix anything because it is always something I did, or something I forgot to ask the program to do. Not many careers have this kind of certainty. On the other side of coding I love the interactions with other people in my team and the brainstorming and the creativity that goes with any project I try.
Why Django?
I started Django with the goal of being the easiest thing I can teach my husband so he can code his own websites without asking me all the time. I already was using Python at work for all the deployment tools and other tooling, and I knew it was a straightforward programming language. It turns out that it is easy to get started with web programming and have everything deployed in no time.
What cool projects are you working on at the moment/planning on working on in the near future?
Currently I am working at Marktplaats.nl the biggest classifieds site in the Netherlands. In my team, we use a lean approach to our development where we create experiments that aim to improve the search experience on the site or our mobile platform, and then measure the effects of the change and decide whether an idea is worth fully implementing. Thus I concentrate mostly on search algorithms. Our main languages are Scala and Java, but we use Python for tooling and API testing.
In the near future, outside of work, I will start posting on my Youtube channel again about programming, I did a test run last year with 10 videos about Scala and so far people are watching it. I am planning to expand my tutorials with more programming languages and fun problems to solve.
For anyone interested that is https://www.youtube.com/user/Aryepilith/videos
What are you the most proud of?
I taught a course of a few months to my colleagues on learning the Scala programming language. I am really proud of the adoption of the language, and that I could teach and share my knowledge with others.
What are you curious about?
How the mind works when making decisions, what makes people make their choice in their online journey. The psychology of engaging users, and keeping them interested in my projects.
What do you like doing in your free time? What's your hobby?
I do paper crafting and water coloring in my spare time. I love creating videos on how I did a particular technique and sharing those with the world.
Do you have any advice/tips for programming beginners?
Start typing, don't waste too much time thinking about it, you will never get it right the first time and you cannot think the entire program through in your mind anyway. Just do small steps that can be tested. So probably learn unit testing and test driven development. Always start with the happy flow, make that one work and then think about all exceptional cases. It will slow you down if you think about all the ways you can possibly fail first.
Thanks Claudia! :)
