Representatives from more than 20 countries are meeting in Washington, DC, today for the US government's first-ever Clean Energy Ministerial. As the event kicked...
Representatives from more than 20 countries are meeting in Washington, DC, today for the US government's first-ever Clean Energy Ministerial. As the event kicked off this morning, three new international energy-saving and efficiency initiatives were announced: the Super-Efficient Appliance Development initiative, the Global Superior Energy Performance Partnership and the International Smart Grid Action Network.
Hosted by US Energy Secretary Steven Chu, a Nobel Prize-winning physicist, the gathering was organised to find ways to accelerate the world's transition to clean-energy technologies.
“(T)oday we're launching a global energy efficiency challenge,” Chu said in his opening remarks. “This initiative includes appliances, buildings, vehicles and the smart grid. All these things can transform the way we use and save energy.”
In addition to the global initiatives, Chu also announced today that the Department of Energy has set a new policy in which, wherever it makes economic sense, agency buildings with flat roofs due for replacement with be replaced with white surfaces that reduce cooling costs and reflect sunlight back into space. (The programme includes flat roofs only to avoid aesthetic complaints from those who don't like light-coloured roofs.) Chu said the policy also aims to encourage other government agencies to pursue similar strategies.
Following a meeting of government delegations on Monday, the Clean Energy Ministerial continues today with several panel discussions featuring government ministers, corporate CEOs and other leading thinkers in clean energy. The discussions will focus on such topics as energy efficiency and the smart grid, clean energy supply and energy access.
Among the countries invited participating are Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, the European Commission, Finland, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Norway, China, the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, Spain, South Africa, Sweden, the United Arab Emirates and the UK. Together, these nations represent 70 per cent of the world's greenhouse gas emissions, 80 per cent of global gross domestic product and 80 per cent of the world market for clean-energy technologies.
US Energy Secretary Steven Chu, the host of the meeting, later announced one initiative — lighter-colored paint on the roof of the Energy Department headquarters along with other agency buildings outside of Washington.
He said the project, to begin this summer, would better cool buildings and reflect more of the sun's heat, leading to thousands of dollars in annual savings on air-conditioning.
“Cool roofs are one of the quickest and lowest cost ways we can reduce our global carbon emissions and begin the hard work of slowing climate change,” Chu said, adding that he would recommend that other US departments follow suit.
Delegates said the two-day meeting was likely to announce joint initiatives, although it was unclear how specific they would be.
One area of discussions will be on how to develop a cleaner form of coal, which makes up more than a quarter of the global energy supply and is politically sensitive in the United States and China, the top two polluters.
The clean energy meeting, which Chu expected to be the first of several, is an offshoot of the US-led Major Economies Forum, which brings key nations together to seek progress on fighting climate change.
Negotiations on a successor to the Kyoto Protocol, whose requirements for nations to cut emissions run out at the end of 2012, have been hamstrung by disputes over how much to demand of both developed and emerging economies.
The countries taking part in the clean energy talks are Australia, Brazil, Britain, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Norway, Russia, South Korea, Spain, South Africa, Sweden, the United Arab Emirates and the United States.
The European Union is also participating, along with a number of international organizations.
The Clean Energy Ministerial is being launched as an annual event, with future gatherings set to be held next year in the United Arab Emirates and in the United Kingdom in 2012.
While many of you are already joining us on Twitter, we just want to take a second and tell you about other ways you can follow The International.
On Flickr, you will see high quality, beautiful images covering all aspects of the event.
In that collection you will find the lead image for this blog post. It perfectly captures the moment when LGD and Dignitas flipped a coin to start their playoff for the last spot in Group A's upper bracket. While we track the coin, the two team captains smile and look directly at each other. They know their fate isn't decided by a coin flip but by their performance in the game.
If you prefer your images a maybe little more grainy but a little more timely, make sure to follow our Instagram feed. There you will see images the second they happen.
All of this is recapped and talked about on Twitter and our News blog. But we wanted to remind you of the visual options because sometimes you don't need words, you just need an image to tell you everything that just happened.
The folks over at BenchLife are saying that Intel's 14nm Kaby Lake and 10nm Cannon Lake mobile processors are still on track since Cannon Lake was pushed further out in 2015. They back up the claims with an image of a presentation slide that doesn't appear to be marked confidential showing Kaby Lake being released in Q3 2016 and Cannon Lake in Q3 2017.
Kaby Lake is basically a Sky Lake refresh that will add native USB 3.1 support, native HDCP 2.2 support and full fixed function HEVC Main10/10-bit and VP9 10-bit hardware decoding. This slide is referring to Intel's mobile platform, but we expect desktop processors to be updated around the same time. There will likely be a refresh of Intel Z170 desktop motherboards at this time to take advantage of the new features. Cannon Lake (formerly Skymont) is Intel's codename for the 10nm die shrink of the Skylake microarchitecture. Cannon Lake is expected be used in conjunction with Intel 200 Series chipsets, also known as Union Point and will be the next major update for Intel.
Mariner 10. The first probe to visit the innermost planet was Mariner 10 in March 1975. View of Mercury fromin March 1975.
The exploration of Mercury has played only a minor role in the space interests of the world. It is the least explored inner planet.[1] As of 2015, the Mariner 10 and MESSENGER missions have been the only missions that have made close observations of Mercury. MESSENGER made three flybys before entering orbit around Mercury.[2] A third mission to Mercury, BepiColombo, a joint mission between the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) and the European Space Agency, is to include two probes. MESSENGER and BepiColombo are intended to gather complementary data to help scientists understand many of the mysteries discovered by Mariner 10's flybys.
Compared to other planets, Mercury is difficult to explore. The increased speed required to reach it is relatively high, and due to the proximity to the Sun, orbits around it are rather unstable. MESSENGER was the first probe to orbit Mercury.
Interest in Mercury [ edit ]
Mercury has not been a primary focus of many space programs. Because the planet is so close to the Sun and spins on its own axis very slowly, its surface temperature varies from 427 °C (801 °F) to −173 °C (−279 °F).[3] The current interest in Mercury is derived from the unexpected observations of Mariner 10. Before Mariner 10, astronomers thought that the planet simply revolved around the Sun in a highly elliptical orbit.[3] The planet had been observed through ground-based telescopes, and Mariner 10 provided data that clarified or contradicted many of their inferences.[2]
Another reason why so few missions have targeted Mercury is that it is very difficult to obtain a satellite orbit around the planet on account of its proximity to the Sun, which causes the Sun's gravitational field to pull on any satellite that would be set into Mercury's orbit. The planet's orbit is inclined to the ecliptic by 7°, and its orbital velocity varies from 24.25 miles per second (39.03 km/s) at aphelion to almost 30 miles per second (48 km/s) at perihelion. Spacecraft would be even faster, because they accelerate as they approach the greater gravitational pull of the Sun, but must slow down for orbit insertion, so this entails considerable fuel requirements. This is different with superior planets beyond Earth's orbit where the satellite works against the pull of the Sun. Therefore, reaching an orbit around Mercury requires especially expensive rocketry. Mercury's lack of an atmosphere poses further challenges because it precludes aerobraking.[4][3] Thus a landing mission would have even more demanding fuel requirements.[5]
Past missions [ edit ]
Mariner 10 [ edit ]
Mariner 10 was a NASA probe whose primary objective was to observe the atmosphere, surface, and physical characteristics of Mercury and Venus. It was a low-cost mission completed for under $98 million.[6] Mariner 10 was launched at 12:45 am EST on November 3, 1973, from Cape Canaveral.[7] Since Mercury is so close to the Sun it was too difficult to incorporate an orbit around Mercury in the route so Mariner 10 orbited the Sun. In order to reach its destination, the satellite was accelerated with the gravity field of Venus. It then passed close to Mercury on March 29, 1974, as it flew towards the Sun. This was the first observation made of Mercury at close range. After the encounter Mariner 10 was in an orbit around the Sun such that for every one of its orbits Mercury made two, and the spacecraft and the planet would be able to meet again. This allowed the probe to pass by Mercury two additional times before completing the mission; these encounters were made on September 21, 1974, and March 16, 1975. However, since the same side of Mercury was illuminated during each of the flybys, at the conclusion of the mission Mariner 10 had only photographed 45% of its surface. The mission ended when the probe's attitude control gas ran out on March 24, 1975. As the spacecraft was no longer controllable without its nitrogen gas thrusters, a command was sent to the probe to shut down its transmitter.[8]
The close observations collected two important sets of data. The probe detected Mercury's magnetic field, which is very similar to Earth's. This was a surprise to scientists, because Mercury spins so slowly on its axis. Secondly, visual data was provided, which showed the high number of craters on the surface of the planet.[9] The visual data also allowed scientists to determine that Mercury had “not experienced significant crustal modification”.[10] This also added to the mystery of the magnetic field, as it was previously believed that the magnetic fields are caused by a molten dynamo effect, but since there was little crustal modification this undermined that idea. The visual data also allowed scientists to investigate the composition and age of the planet.[11]
MESSENGER [ edit ]
MESSENGER 's trajectory around
MESSENGER · Mercury Animation oftrajectory around Mercury from 15 March 2011 to 30 December 2014
MESSENGER was a NASA orbital probe of Mercury. MESSENGER stands for "MErcury Surface, Space ENvironment, GEochemistry, and Ranging". It was launched from Cape Canaveral on August 3, 2004, after a one-day delay due to bad weather.[12][13] It took the probe about six and a half years before it entered orbit around Mercury. In order to correct the speed of the satellite it undertook several gravitational slingshot flybys of Earth, Venus and Mercury. It passed by the Earth in February 2005 and then Venus in October 2006[2] and in October 2007. Furthermore, the probe made three passes of Mercury, one in January 2008, one in October 2008 and one in September 2009, before entering orbit in 2011. During these flybys of Mercury, enough data was collected to produce images of over 95% of its surface.
MESSENGER used a chemical bi-propellant system both to reach Mercury and achieve orbit.[14] MESSENGER's scheduled orbital insertion took place successfully on March 18, 2011. The mission was scheduled to end sometime in 2012, when it was estimated that there would no longer be enough fuel to maintain the probe's orbit.[15] The primary mission was completed on March 17, 2012, having collected close to 100,000 images.[16] MESSENGER achieved 100% mapping of Mercury on March 6, 2013, and completed its first year-long extended mission on March 17, 2013.[17] The probe continued collecting scientific data until April 30, 2015, when under a decaying orbit, the probe was allowed to crash onto the surface of Mercury.[18][19]
The MESSENGER mission was designed to study the characteristics and environment of Mercury from orbit. Specifically, the scientific objectives of the mission are:[20][21]
characterize the chemical composition of Mercury's surface.
study the geologic history.
elucidate the nature of Mercury's magnetic field (magnetosphere).
determine the size and state of the core.
determine the volatile inventory at the poles.
study the nature of Mercury's exosphere.
Ongoing missions [ edit ]
BepiColombo [ edit ]
This mission to Mercury is to include two satellites: the Mercury Planetary Orbiter (MPO) and Mio (Mercury Magnetospheric Orbiter, MMO). Each orbiter has a distinct purpose: the MPO is to acquire images in several wavelengths to map the surface and exosphere composition of Mercury, and Mio's is to study the magnetosphere. The European Space Agency and Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency are working in conjunction on BepiColombo and will each provide one of the orbiters. The ESA will provide MPO, while JAXA will provide Mio.[22] The BepiColombo mission will attempt to gather enough information to answer these questions:
What can we learn from Mercury about the composition of the solar nebula and the formation of the planetary system? Why is Mercury's normalized density markedly higher than that of all other terrestrial planets, as well as the Moon? Is the core of Mercury liquid or solid? Is Mercury tectonically active today? Why does such a small planet possess an intrinsic magnetic field, while Venus, Mars and the Moon do not have any? Why do spectroscopic observations not reveal the presence of any iron, while this element is supposedly the major constituent of Mercury? Do the permanently shadowed craters of the polar regions contain sulfur or water ice? What are the production mechanisms of the exosphere? In the absence of any ionosphere, how does the magnetic field interact with the solar wind? Is Mercury's magnetised environment characterized by features reminiscent of the aurorae, radiation belts and magnetospheric substorms observed on Earth? Since the advance of Mercury's perihelion was explained in terms of space-time curvature, can we take advantage of the proximity of the Sun to test general relativity with improved accuracy?[22]
Like Mariner 10 and MESSENGER, BepiColombo will use gravity slingshots from Venus and Earth. BepiColombo will use solar electric propulsion (ion engines) and then also use similar manoeuvres at the Moon, Venus, and Mercury. These techniques will slow the orbiters as they approach Mercury. It is essential to avoid using fuel to slow the orbiters as they get closer to the Sun to minimize the gravitational influence of the Sun.[2]
The BepiColombo mission was approved in November 2009,[23] and successfully launched on October 20, 2018. It is scheduled to enter orbit around Mercury in February 2024. It will then gather data for one, or possibly two years.[24]
Proposed missions [ edit ]
Mercury-P (Меркурий-П) is a proposed mission to Mercury by the Russian Space Agency. The currently anticipated launch date is 2031. It is planned to be a lander.
Canceled missions [ edit ]
Mercury Observer [ edit ]
Mercury Observer was a cancelled proposal in the Planetary Observer program.
Comparison of MESSENGER and BepiColombo [ edit ]
BepiColombo was designed to complement the findings of MESSENGER and is equipped with far more measuring equipment than MESSENGER to obtain a larger range of data. The orbit patterns of BepiColombo and MESSENGER are significantly different.[14]
The BepiColombo mission comprises two satellites launched together: the Mercury Planetary Orbiter (MPO) and Mio (Mercury Magnetospheric Orbiter, MMO). The MPO will have a circular orbit much closer to Mercury. The reason for this orbit is that the MPO will be measuring the composition of the surface and exosphere, and the close orbit will aid on data quality. On the other hand, Mio(MMO) and MESSENGER took largely elliptical orbits. This is because of the stability of the orbit and the lower amount of fuel required to obtain and maintain the orbit.[25] Another reason for the different orbits of MMO and MESSENGER was to provide complementary data. The data of the two combined satellites will provide more accurate measurements.[14]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Humza Yousaf, the Scottish minister for Europe and international development, confirmed that the Scottish government would help house 10% of the total number of refugees accepted by the UK after Labour urged him to increase an initial offer to take 1,000 people displaced by the conflict.
Yousaf told MSPs that Nicola Sturgeon, the first minister, had made it “very clear that 1,000 refugees coming to Scotland should be seen as a minimum and very much an initial, immediate figure – it is not a cap or a limit, nor is it spread out over five years like the announcement made by the prime minister last week.”
The Scottish government's refugee task force agreed on Tuesday to set up a new website, http://www.scotlandwelcomesrefugees.scot/ with the Scottish Refugee Council, to coordinate responses, Yousaf said.
Claire Baker, Scottish Labour's democracy spokeswoman, echoed his complaint that the 20,000 person ceilings and five year time scale set by David Cameron, the prime minister, was unacceptably low and ungenerous. There were 3,000 unaccompanied children caught in the wave of refugees now in Europe.
“On the refugee crisis the UK government has been reacting rather than leading. It is therefore important that we, as a parliament, should not stop applying pressure on Downing Street,” Baker said.
Get the biggest Royal Family stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Princess Diana 's driver Henri Paul was given a clean bill of health for a pilot's licence just 72 hours before the car crash that killed them and Dodi Fayed .
Henri's aviation medical certificate – seen exclusively by the Sunday People – appears to nail repeated claims that he was an alcoholic whose drinking was partly to blame for the horrendous pile-up.
The hard-won certificate, which the flying fanatic had to pass every year, also seems to demolish the official French investigation report that he was suffering from depression.
The never-before-seen document has been made public by Henri's oldest friend, Claude Garrec.
(Image: Johann Rauch/Sunday Mirror)
“If Henri was an alcoholic and depressive how was this signed by a doctor just three days before he died?” says Garrec.
And another of Henri's friends tracked down by the Sunday People, Paris bar owner Josy Duclos, who saw him at 8.45pm on the night of the crash, says she never saw him drunk.
Garrec, who believes his pal is the victim of a conspiracy to kill Diana, says: “There have been no answers even 20 years on.
“And one particularly strong memory for me was the message on a wreath at his funeral, ‘We are not fooled'.”
Henri, 41, deputy head of security at the Ritz hotel in Paris owned by Dodi's dad Mohamed, was a pilot for 20 years and had to pass a stringent medical every year, including blood and liver tests.
Called a Certificate of Physical and Mental Aptitude and issued by the French equivalent of the Civil Aviation Authority, it was signed by a registered doctor.
Garrec was allowed by Henri's family to keep personal items and papers after his friend's death, including the certificate, his pilot's radio and a key ring.
(Image: Johann Rauch/Sunday Mirror)
The Frenchman says: “I flew with Henri in his plane dozens of times.
“Sometimes my wife and my daughter were with us, including at night and in foggy weather.
“Do you really believe that if I had any doubt about Henri's mental health, or his lucidity, I would have taken that risk? Never!
“When we know how difficult it is to obtain this licence and to see it renewed there again it is totally incompatible with how people describe him.
(Image: Johann Rauch/Sunday Mirror)
(Image: Johann Rauch/Sunday Mirror)
“Not only was he a pilot since 18, but he also had a special licence to fly at night which is not something for everyone, believe me.”
On the morning of fatal crash in a Paris road tunnel on August 31 1997, Garrec and Paul went for their customary game of tennis. They ran out of time and the match ended at one set all.
Garrec, a printer who had known Henri since their schooldays, said: “I won a set, he won one, we left, and, again, I can assure you he was not depressed and even less alcoholic.
"There is an accident, what caused it? Alcohol and medication? I do not believe… there is no doubt about that.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
“I was there at the first search of his apartment after Henri's death, and of course there were a few bottles of alcohol.
“A few bottles of aperitifs in quite normal quantities, on the other hand there were more than 240 cans of Coca-Cola. Transforming a few ­bottles of ­aperitifs into an alcoholic's lair, some pills against stress for a drug addict's stock – it is not complicated, it's very easy to do.
“And where does all the carbon monoxide that was found in such a quantity in his blood come from?”
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
A British inquest in 2008 ruled that Diana, 36, and Dodi, 42, were unlawfully killed due to gross negligence by Henri. He had been drinking and was at the wheel of the hotel's Mercedes when it hit a pillar in the Alma road tunnel at nearly 70mph as the car was chased by Press photographers.
A British police investigation concluded Henri was twice the then-UK drink-drive limit and his carbon monoxide level was normal for a smoker living in an urban area like Paris.
But Josy Duclos, who owns the bar La Champmeslé 50 yards from Henri's home at 33 rue des Petits Champs, is convinced her regular customer was innocent and was set up.
(Image: Johann Rauch/Sunday Mirror)
She told the Sunday People: “I knew Henri Paul since the beginning of the 90s.
“I can tell you that Henri Paul was a wonderful man – always smiling.
“For all who knew him he was exactly the reverse of how he was described after the accident.
“I have never believed all that has been told about this thesis of the accident. Henri used to park his Austin Mini, right there in front of the bar, and I remember that he did not really like to drive, and that he preferred to pilot his plane”
“Do you really believe that a guy who is flying an aeroplane, whose pilot licence is renewed just a few days before his death, may be the alcoholic and the drug addict described throughout these years?
“Of course he would come and have a drink from time to time, but like everybody else drinks from time to time, he never went away drunk.
“I have a bar, I know what a drunk look like. And again, Henri Paul was not one of those.”
According to the French investigation, Henri's doctor said she had prescribed him the anti-depressant drug Prozac and also a drug for alcoholism.
(Image: Johann Rauch/Sunday Mirror)
But Josy said: “The only time I saw him crying was when he confided to me that he had just learned that his mother was suffering from cancer.
“I do not know if one day we'll know what happened, but I think surely it's time to re-establish the truth about Henri Paul. He has taken the fall for something or somebody else.
“It was easy to accuse the driver to be responsible. In any case, I do not believe in the theory of the accident that he was drunk and under the influence of drugs.
“I have seen him go to his job so many times and he has never taken a beer.
“And he never went back drunk from the Ritz. I close my bar sometimes at 4 or 5 am.”
Both Josy and Garrec described Henri as a cultured violin and piano-player who was passionate about reading.
Garrec, still haunted by the loss of his friend, added: “I have a deep sense of injustice and especially unanswered questions.”
The Jerusalem Institute for Market Studies (JIMS) published a study Wednesday saying that Israelis pay most of their salaries to taxes.
A Jerusalem think tank has officially confirmed what every Israeli worker already knows: the government takes a bigger bite of his/her paycheck than the employee him/herself.
A study published by the Jerusalem Institute for Market Studies (JIMS) on Wednesday -- proclaimed by JIMS as "Israel Tax Freedom Day" -- said that almost two-thirds of Israeli salaries actually go to pay some form of government tax.
Tax Freedom Day marks the day, JIMS announced, when the average Israeli "stops working for the government, and starts earning money for private consumption (or savings.) It answers the question, 'What price is the nation really paying for government services?'"
According to the study, residents of the Jewish state will have worked 200 days on average in 2009 in order to pay taxes, and only 165 days out of the year for themselves. In 2008, Israelis worked only 197 days in order to pay taxes before being able to begin earning income.
The rate is calculated by taking the ratio of total taxes paid by the Israeli population over Israel's net national income (NNI), JIMS says. The calculation included all taxes paid, including income tax, VAT, local taxes, import taxes, car and fuel taxes, and service taxes.
In 2008, the government spent approximately NIS 41,406 ($10,350) per individual Israeli and more than NIS 165,000 per family of four (approximately $41,250).
Earlier today, the EPA, Department of Army and Army Corps of Engineers announced they are proposing a rule that rescinds the Clean Water Rule, a 2015 regulation that sought to clarify water resource management in the U.S. and attempted to define “waters of the United States,” or WOTUS.
The agencies say this action, when finalized, will provide certainty until they are able to reevaluate the definition of “waters of the United States.” They report that the proposed rule will be implemented “in accordance with Supreme Court decisions, agency guidance and longstanding practice.”
“We are taking significant action to return power to the states and provide regulatory certainty to our nation's farmers and businesses,” according to EPA administrator Scott Pruitt. “This is the first step in the two-step process to redefine ‘waters of the U.S.,' and we are committed to moving through this reevaluation to quickly provide regulatory certainty in a way that is thoughtful, transparent and collaborative with other agencies and the public.”
The proposed rule comes on the heel of a February presidential executive order that called for a review of WOTUS, followed by “rescinding or revising” as needed.
Farm groups were quick to praise the action.
“We are thankful this administration is working to draw clear lines in terms of what is and what is not jurisdictional under the Clean Water Act,” according to Texas farmer and National Corn Growers Association president Wesley Spurlock. “In doing so, they will enable farmers to implement the best management practices such as grass waterways and buffer strips without the burden of bureaucratic red tape or fear of legal action.”
These types of land improvements provide a reduction in erosion and nutrient runoff, among other benefits, Spurlock says. The government should be making this kind of actions easier, not more difficult, he says.
Meantime, the American Farm Bureau Federation argues that WOTUS was never even really about clean water.
“It was a federal land grab designed to put a straightjacket on farming and private businesses across the nation,” says Zippy Duvall, AFBF president. “EPA should ditch this rule once and for all, go back to the drawing board and write a new rule that protects water quality without trampling the rights of businesses and the states.”
Don Parrish, AFBF senior director of regulatory relations, offers these additional insights.
Once the rule is filed with the Federal Register, there will be a standard public review and commenting period. For additional information, visit www.epa.gov/wotus-rule.
A proposed bill in Kansas is calling for people with HIV or AIDS to be quarantined.
Lawmakers are close to passing a new law discriminating against those who have HIV or AIDS, forcing them to be isolated or have their movements restricted.
Kansas House Bill 2183, which has passed in the Kansas Senate, will update the state's public health statute by allowing quarantine of Kansans with ‘infectious diseases.'
Senator Marci Francisco attempted to restore an amendment providing an exclusion for people living with HIV/AIDS, saying the disease is not spread through casual contact and the bill could permit discrimination.
Cody Patton, Executive Director of sexual health charity Positive Directions, said: ‘We live in a very conservative state and I'm afraid there are still many people, especially in rural Kansas, that have inadequate education and understanding concerning HIV/AIDS.
‘My fear would not be the state uses the law as some way to move all people living with HIV/AIDS into an isolated community, but that this law could allow some county employee to use this law to justify their religious beliefs over their professional responsibilities and discriminate against people with HIV/AIDS.'
The law was originally intended to remove the need for a firefighter or a paramedic who would have to get the necessary court order to get a victim's blood tested for infectious diseases if they had become exposed to it.
In 1988, Kansas banned quarantining those with AIDS. If the law is passed, many are fearing health officials will begin intimidating those with HIV or AIDS with the threat they could be isolated from the general population.
Michael Weinstein, President of AIDS Healthcare Foundation, said by including HIV and AIDS in this updated law, Kansas legislators are harkening back to the ‘earliest, darkest days' of the AIDS epidemic.
He said: ‘At best, it is short-sighted of Kansas legislators to reject Senator Francisco's amendment. It either shows how little they understand about HIV and how it is transmitted – it is not spread through casual contact such as TB or other airborne communicable diseases – or it shows that they want the ability to quarantine people, and/or discriminate against them in other ways as they see fit.
‘For the senators, either choice shows a real lack of understanding about public health and safety—one of the most basic services that is government's role to ensure.'
Lawmakers in both the House and Senate are currently working to get this law passed, meaning it will likely be voted on and passed in the next few weeks.
William Shatner has been sued for $170 million by a man claiming to be his son.
Peter Sloan, 59, filed the libel, defamation and slander civil lawsuit last week against Shatner, 85, in Florida, according to an article on Monday by Page Six.
The lawsuit demanded that Shatner submit to a DNA test to confirm paternity and cease claiming that he's not Sloan's father.
Scroll down for video
Civil suit: William Shatner, shown last month in New York City, has been sued for $170 million by a man claiming to be his son
Shatner has denied that Sloan is his son and the actor's attorneys have sent Sloan letters asking him to stop using the Shatner name.
Sloan stated in his lawsuit that he met Shatner in 1984 on the set of his TV series T.J. Hooker and the actor initially 'admitted he was the plaintiff's father'.
A representative for Shatner a few days later called Sloan and said that Shatner was 'totally denying paternity at this point' and also was refusing a DNA test, according to the lawsuit.
Paternity test: Peter Sloan, shown with Shatner in an undated photo, was seeking a DNA test to prove paternity
Sloan later registered the Web domain petershatner.com and started a radio show in 2011 under the name Peter Shatner, court documents said.
Shatner's lawyer Eric Hyman wrote to Sloan in November 2011 and said the actor 'confirmed to me once again that he is not your father. There have been many people over the years who have claimed to be his children or other relatives.
He is an incredibly busy, 80-year-old man, and is not interested in spending time discussing this issue with you.'
Police drama: Shatner is shown in 1984 with Adrian Zmed, James Darren and Heather Locklear in a still from ABC's T.J. Hooker
Sloan in his lawsuit alleged that his Peter Shatner account on Twitter was shutdown for violating its impersonation policy and his Internet Movie Database account also was removed.
The lawsuit was seeking $30 million in compensatory damages, $90 million in punitive damages and $50 million for pain and suffering.
'Mr. Shatner has three lovely daughters, but no sons . . . Mr. Shatner is aware of the lawsuit, but there's nothing there because he isn't his father,' a represenative told Page Six.
Father and daughters: The Star Trek star is shown in March 2008 with daughters Lisabeth and Leslie in Los Angeles
Husband and wife: Shatner is shown in September 2015 with wife Elizabeth in Los Angeles
The Canadian actor has been married four times and has daughters Leslie, Lisabeth and Melanie from his first marriage to Canadain actress Gloria Rand.
Shatner has been married since 2001 to Elizabeth Martin.
He remains best known for his portrayal of USS Enterprise commander Captain James T. Kirk in the Star Trek franchise.
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
Nirvana fans went wild on Thursday when a report surfaced claiming Seattle police reopened the investigation into the death of Kurt Cobain. Responding to the rumor, the police department was quick to clarify that no official reopening of the case had occurred.
"Despite an erroneous news report, we have not 'reopened' the investigation into the suicide of Kurt Cobain," the Seattle Police Department tweeted from a verified account.
The police went on to explain on Twitter that the case was simply being reviewed in anticipation of the 20th anniversary of Cobain's untimely death.
"Our detective reviewed the case file anticipating questions surrounding the closed Cobain case as the 20 yr anniversary approaches," another tweet explained.
Four rolls of 35 mm film taken at the scene of the singer's death were developed last month, law enforcement officials told KIRO 7, sparking the rumors that Cobain's case was reopened.
Cobain was found in his home on April 8, 1994 with a gunshot wound to the head. The Nirvana lead singer's death was ruled a suicide. He had also injected a lethal dose of heroin, according to the coroner's report.
A rambling suicide note was also found at the scene.
If you think Bernie Sanders is a hero, harm yourself. He is, in fact, a fascist with bad hair. Worse than Trump's by the way. So Trump has that going for him. Which is nice. Aside from his tax plan which we've already thoroughly debunked, my biggest beef is how Sanders is selling himself. He's telling everyone he's “for the people.” But that is, in fact, a giant lie.
Bernie Sanders says every person who works 40 hours has the right to a “living wage”. I don't agree. I believe you have the right to be paid an appropriately correlating amount to the value added by your services. Fast food example. Employee costs business some money. Business owner HAS to pay that amount to every employee regardless, and the company goes under. Therefore no one is paid at all because some idiot wanted to be fair. But now what?
It's fascism for mediocrity. No one should do better than anyone else, right? Well who does that hurt the most? The really, really good employee, who should be earning more. The employee down the line who comes in early, stays late, gets every order right, takes initiative in streamlining processes. HE deserves to make, and the owner might pay him $25 an hour… whereas he would either fire the crappy one or pay him $7 an hour. But since he CAN'T, what happens? The deadbeat toking' up in the mens stall, and the rockstar manager both make… $15 an hour. Because we will LEGISLATIVELY ensure that you are ALL the same. That's fascism.
It's also how robots are made. The same model, over and over and over again on an assembly line. Equality.
Feel the Bern? Tweet @scrowder.
(CNN) First he ducks into the shower of his prison cell, fully clothed. Then he leans down, but it's not clear what the infamous drug lord is doing; the short shower wall blocks him from the surveillance camera.
Seconds later, Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman gets back up, sits down on his cell bed and changes his shoes. He goes back into the shower and bends down again behind the wall -- but never resurfaces.
Guzman, Mexico's most notorious drug kingpin, slipped through a hole under the shower and escaped through a mile-long tunnel to freedom, authorities said.
And the newly released closed-circuit video shows how calmly and easily he did it.
Mexican Interior Minister Miguel Ángel Osorio Chong said Guzman's cell was videotaped 24 hours a day. But the surveillance had two blind spots for privacy -- the toilet and the shower.
Guzman didn't just evade the cameras; he also sidestepped another security measure with alarming ease.
Guzman had a bracelet that monitored his every move, the interior minister said. But he left the bracelet behind before he crawled into the tunnel.
'The hunt is back on'
Investigators on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border are searching for signs of the fugitive drug lord. But it's no easy task, a top Drug Enforcement Administration official said.
"The cartel headed by Chapo is probably the most well-financed, vicious, criminal entity we have ever seen, with unlimited resources both to bribe, corrupt and to transport," Deputy DEA Administrator Jack Riley said. "So our job in this particular case, as much as it was over year ago when we captured him, is to use every legal tool we can, cooperate with our counterparts, and hit the ground. The hunt is back on."
The United States and Mexico are exchanging intelligence -- including details from informants -- in the manhunt, and the United States is providing technical support, a Mexican official said.
Reports claiming authorities from the two countries aren't working together simply aren't true, Riley said.
"Chapo is hoping and planning on the fact that the good guys, the cops on both sides of the border, don't talk to each other, don't connect the dots," Riley said. "And I'm here to tell you we're doing that better now than we have ever done it. And if I was him, I'd be looking over my shoulder."
Prison officials fired, dozens more questioned
It's likely prison workers helped Guzman break out, the interior minister told reporters. Osorio Chong said he has already fired the prison director and other prison officials.
Mexican authorities released what they said was a recent photograph of escaped drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman as they announced a reward for information leading to his capture.
They released what they said was a recent picture of Guzman, showing him with a shaved head and face -- but without his trademark mustache.
How he did it
Guzman took a sophisticated route during his escape, officials believe: a tunnel complete with lighting, ventilation and even a modified motorcycle on tracks "that was likely used to remove dirt during the excavation and transport the tools for the dig," Mexican National Security Commissioner Monte Alejandro Rubido said.
The tunnel began with a 50-by-50-centimeter (20-by-20-inch) opening inside the shower of Guzman's cell, Rubido said. The tunnel stretched for about a mile and ended inside a half-built house.
It's likely the Sinaloa cartel had spent years infiltrating the country's prison system, a Mexican official told CNN. Whoever helped in the plot likely had the architectural plans for the prison that pointed them toward the shower area, the official said.
And this wasn't the first time.
Nicknamed "Shorty" for his height, Guzman already had pulled off one elaborate escape from a maximum-security prison. In 2001, he managed to break free while reportedly hiding in a laundry cart. It took authorities 13 years to catch him -- closing in as he was sleeping at a Mexican beach resort.
'A complete savage'
The Sinaloa cartel moves drugs by land, air and sea, including cargo aircraft, private aircraft, buses, fishing vessels and even submarines, the U.S. Justice Department has said.
The cartel has become so powerful that Forbes magazine listed Guzman in its 2009 list of "self-made" billionaires. Guzman's estimated fortune at the time was $1 billion.
Guzman has been a nightmare for both sides of the border. He reigns over a multibillion-dollar global drug empire that supplied much of the marijuana, cocaine and heroin sold on the streets of the United States.
Chicago has labeled him the city's "Public Enemy No. 1."
JUST WATCHED Chicago: 'El Chapo' is 'public enemy number one' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Chicago: 'El Chapo' is 'public enemy number one' 01:49
And Riley, who spent years fighting Guzman's cartel there, said he's personally angered over the escape.
"I spent nearly five years fighting what he was doing to the city, what he was doing to the communities by bringing heroin in and working a business relationship with street gangs," he said. "For me, personally, it was a milestone to see him in jail. And when I got the call at 2:30 in the morning last Saturday, I about passed out."
But no matter what it takes, he said, investigators will find a way to capture him.
"I am sure his security is probably second to none in the country. But that's not going to deter us. It didn't deter us the first time," Riley said. "This guy is going to be back in jail."
According to police, white 28-year-old Maryland man James Harris Jackson took a Bolt bus up to New York City Friday for the express purposes of killing black men and did just that, stabbing 66-year-old Timothy Caughman in Hell's Kitchen Monday night. Police say the suspect, an ex-military member of a white supremacist hate group, asked police to arrest him, warning he would attack again if they didn't.
Reading media reports of the incident, however, one would hardly know which of the two men was the cold-blooded killer and which was the victim. The New York Daily News (3/22/17)—which has a history of smearing black suspects simply on the say-so of the NYPD (FAIR.org, 5/2/16)—felt the need to mention the black victim's prior, wholly irrelevant police record (emphasis added):
Coughman lived in transitional housing on West 36th Street that serves people with HIV/AIDS. Praxis Housing Initiatives holds a contract with the city. He has 11 prior arrests, including for marijuana, assault, resisting arrest and menacing.
What, one might ask, does this have to do with anything? The reader is provided with no indication of Jackson's criminal record, or whether there was any attempt to find it out, but somehow the rap sheet of the murder victim was primed and ready to go.
Daily News reporters Rocco Parascandola, Graham Rayman and Thomas Tracy also all-lives-matter the hate crime by inserting a non sequitur case of a black man driving up from Baltimore more than two years ago to kill cops:
In December 2014, Ismaaiyl Brinsley traveled to the city from Baltimore and assassinated Police Officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, were in the car near Myrtle and Tompkins Avenues in Bedford-Stuyvesant. Brinsley had made anti-police statements on social media prior to the murders.
This is a bizarre journalistic choice that appears to be some kind of attempt at “balancing” the coverage, suggesting that there could be a bit of score-settling going on: Yes, this black man was senselessly murdered by a white supremacist, but some other black guy killed cops two-and-a-half years ago, so….
The New York Post (3/21/15) would do one better, turning Coughman—again, let's remember, the victim of a heinous, gratuitous hate crime—into the bad guy:
Caughman, who has 11 prior arrests, walked for about a block after the stabbing and staggered into the Midtown South Precinct, looking for help. He died hours later after being rushed to a nearby hospital. Police sources said the career criminal was refusing to talk to police about the incident and acting combative before his death.
A homeless man is fatally stabbed by a Nazi with a 26-inch sword, simply because of the color of his skin, and the Post insists on calling him a “career criminal,” and accuses him of “acting combative” to police right before he had the audacity to bleed to death.
The bizarre inclusion of the victim's criminal record probably explains why an AOL News report (3/22/17) based on the Daily News article mistakenly attributed the priors to the person who is actually accused of the crime:
Jackson has 11 prior arrests, including for marijuana, assault, resisting arrest and menacing, according to New York Daily News.
It's an understandable mistake–after all, we typically discuss the criminal pasts of suspects, not victims.
It's not uncommon, though, for the media to dredge up the unrelated pasts of black victims. An August 2014 New York Times profile of Michael Brown, who was shot and killed two weeks prior by Ferguson, Missouri, police officer Darren Wilson, infamously insisted he “was no angel,” despite no one ever insisting that he—or any other human—was. When the LAPD shot and killed homeless man Charly “Africa” Keunang, local media, as FAIR noted at the time (3/4/15), rushed to bring up all his prior bad acts and plaster his mug shot all over their websites:
The Washington Post (4/29/15) helped smear Freddie Gray after he was killed by the Baltimore Police Department, insisting in a since-discredited and corrected story that Gray had caused his own injuries.
It's unclear why editors and reporters can't resist the impulse to bring up black victims' irrelevant prior bad acts. Given the frequency of this trope in corporate media, the effect—regardless of intent—is one of racist smear.
UPDATE: Daily News reporter Aidan McLaughlin's byline was removed from the piece in question after this post was published. McLaughlin said on Twitter that neither the suspect nor the victim had been identified at the time he wrote the original short item the article was based on. The reporters now mentioned in the post now are the ones whose bylines are currently on the article.
Adam Johnson is a contributing analyst for FAIR.org. You can find him on Twitter at @AdamJohnsonNYC.
© KPRC-TV Irwin Horwitz, a professor at Texas A&M Galveston failed an entire class, and he outlined his reasons in a fiery email sent to those students.
A Texas A&M University Galveston professor has failed his entire management class this semester for lacking "the competence and/or desire to do the quality work necessary to pass the course," Inside Higher Ed reports.
TAMU management professor Irwin Horwitz told IHE that his spring 2015 students were the worst he's seen in 20 years of teaching college students. He informed the students of their failing grades in an email to the entire class.
"This class is unique. I have never failed a class, it is very rare that I fail students, sometimes learning incorporates tough love," Horwitz told Houston NBC affiliate KPRC.
In his email — excerpted below via IHE — Horwitz also announced that he was quiting teaching the course, in addition to failing the students:
"None of you, in my opinion, given the behavior in this class, deserve to pass, or graduate to become an Aggie, as you do not in any way embody the honor that the university holds graduates should have within their personal character. It is thus for these reasons why I am officially walking away from this course. I am frankly and completely disgusted. You all lack the honor and maturity to live up to the standards that Texas A&M holds, and the competence and/or desire to do the quality work necessary to pass the course just on a grade level ... I will no longer be teaching the course, and all are being awarded a failing grade."
Horwitz seems to have a reputation as a tough teacher. The San Francisco Chronicle cites a student reviewer at Hallway.com, who calls Horwitz "One of the least empathetic people I have ever had taught a class."
A TAMU Galveston spokesperson told IHE that the university is investigating Horwitz's claims, but the failing grades will not stand.
We have reached out to both professor Irwin Horwitz and Texas A&M University Galveston for comment and will update this post if we hear back.
(This post is from our new blog: Unofficial Sources.)
CBRE, a giant real estate company partially owned by Sen. Dianne Feinstein's husband, Richard Blum, is costing the U.S. Postal Service millions of dollars a year in lease overpayments, and its exclusive contract should be immediately canceled, the service's inspector general has found.
Eyebrows rose when the USPS made the contract with CBRE in June 2011 for all real estate transactions. Blum chaired CBRE at the time; he stepped down last year, but remains a director and a major shareholder. Feinstein, D-Calif., has always denied involvement in the deal, which proved lucrative as the cash-strapped Postal Service looked to its excess real estate to finance operations.
The contract enables CBRE to market and sell properties, and conduct negotiations for leases of postal buildings. Prior to the contract, USPS negotiated leases directly with landlords. Now, CBRE often represents both the Postal Service and the landlord in negotiations, known as “dual agency transactions.”
The inspector general's report described something akin to a shakedown, with a kickback thrown in.
Landlords have complained about CBRE demanding commission payments for negotiating the leases, under threats to otherwise discontinue them. These payments are not mandatory under CBRE's contract, yet the landlords allege CBRE makes them appear that way. The report states that since October 2012, CBRE has collected $20.6 million in commission payments on 3,400 leases.
CBRE also reportedly tells landlords that they can “recover” commissions through increasing rent on the properties. In that sense, the Postal Service effectively pays the commissions, with CBRE collecting higher payments as the rents grow.
Lease renewals brokered by CBRE have gone up by an average of $2,792 annually, three times the average $773 annual increase for leases renegotiated by the Postal Service. Some leases have grown over 200 percent upon renewal. This translates to a potential overpayment of $38 million over the last four years. The arrangement causes “the Postal Service to pay for CBRE to negotiate against the Postal Service,” says the report.
Both Postal Service management and CBRE maintain that nothing untoward is happening. “It is standard practice for landlords to pay a commission when a broker is negotiating on behalf of a tenant — that is the how a broker is compensated,” CBRE said in a statement. However, under the contract, the firm also receives money from USPS through meeting “performance targets” for lease renewals.
The Inspector General also expressed concern about CBRE property sales. The firm controls the appraisal process without input from the Postal Service, despite a requirement to review appraisals independently. Of the 21 property sales studied, the report identified problematic appraisals on one third of them, where the data underlying the appraisals was either speculative or flawed. One building in Richmond, Virginia, which CBRE sold for $1.4 million, re-sold for $2.4 million just four months later. In one out of every four sales examined, CBRE had an existing business relationship with the property buyer. That dovetails with independent news investigations of CBRE's sale practices.
Postal Service management disagreed with the inspector general's recommendation to terminate the contract, or even to inform landlords that they are not required to pay CBRE commissions. They did agree to hire an independent consultant to evaluate the leasing program. They also defended CBRE's work, saying that leases were mostly negotiated at or below market rates.
The American Postal Workers Union, currently embroiled in contract negotiations with USPS, criticized “the cozy relationship between postal management and the world's biggest real estate company.” They also pointed out that CBRE CEO Robert Sulentic sits on the board of directors of Staples, which postal workers have boycotted for years over a public-private partnership with USPS to sell postal products at their stores. The Staples deal coincided with USPS personnel cuts and sell-offs of post offices, which are managed by CBRE.
APWU President Mark Dimondstein added in a statement, “We need to protect the USPS from corporate pirates who would plunder it.”
David Dayen is a contributing writer to Salon and a weekly columnist at The Fiscal Times. Follow him @ddayen. Email at david.dayen@gmail.com
Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
First, let me say that I never wash my running shoes.
I run mostly on roads or fairly easy trails, so even at their filthiest, they look fairly presentable:
OK, maybe not. But so what? Let them be dirty!
I'd rather run in filthy shoes than damaged ones, and I haven't yet found solid proof that washing them does absolutely no damage to the shoes' cushioning, structure and all that stuff for which we shell out the big bucks at the specialty running shoe stores.
But once I've squeezed 600 miles out of a pair, and if I plan to continue wearing them – to bike, hike or walk around – then yes, please. The dirt must go.
My Tiffany blue Nike shoes are a whole other story. It was love at first sight with those babies and our romance is still going strong. But after six months of love and affection, they were starting to lose their sparkle:
I don't run in them, so I figured, no harm in testing some shoe-washing advice I found online. I mean, if it's on the Internet, it must be legit, right? Right?
What I did:
Took the insoles out of the shoes; found two pillowcases we no longer use
Random: notice my footprints; those are some high arches, huh?
Put each shoe in a pillowcase; tied a knot on top so it won't fall out
If you ever try this at home, do the knot on the left (using both corners of the pillowcase). The knot on the right, once the pillowcase is all wet, is very difficult to undo.
In the wash they go
Line up the bottom and sides of your washing machine with a towel or two, so the shoes don't get too banged up during the spin cycle. Insoles can go in separately.
I used regular detergent and a warm/ cold cycle, which is recommended for color clothes. The result: I know. I wasn't impressed, either.
While the shoelaces looked much cleaner, the shoes did not. So it was time for Plan B:
Grab the heavy-duty detergent
Then, using an old toothbrush, scrub that dirt like you hate it
After ten or so minutes of hard work, the shoes looked much cleaner, so I announced the project a wrap and put them out in the sun to dry: In hindsight, I should have done this the other way around: hand-scrub the dirtiest parts first, then throw the shoes in the wash. Oh well. You live, you learn. (Or, in your case: you read my blog, you learn.)
How about you: Do you wash your running shoes? Any strategies I should try next time around?
Today's run: I was supposed to rest today, but there was a run in me that just had to get out – so I let it.
It was a great run. Warm enough for my pink racer-back dress (test-running the LA Marathon outfit!), but slightly overcast so I didn't need to worry about getting a sunburn. (I know… in March. What can I say, California problems.)
But I'm not sure if the thin cloud cover was enough of an excuse for RunKeeper to do this? I knew the GPS was wrong the minute it ticked off my first mile as a 10-minute one, and at a farther point than it should be, so when I came back home, I mapped out my run manually (MapMyRun is great for that, because you can set it to automatically snap to roads). The result, my actual distance and pace:
Yesterday: This was broken down as:
2 miles warmup
a bunch of exercises with a BOSU (burpees, squats while balancing on top, pushups, lunges, mountain climbers… the usual)
0.5-mile sprint
another set of the above BOSU torture
1.25 miles tempo run with a pick-up in pace for the last quarter of a mile (sub-7 min miles)
Fun stuff!
LONDON (Reuters) - New international tax rules proposed on Tuesday could eliminate structures that have allowed companies such as Google Inc (GOOGL.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) to shave billions of dollars off their tax bills.
Two freshly delivered Amazon boxes are seen on a counter in Golden, Colorado August 27, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) announced a series of measures that, if implemented by members, could stop companies from employing many commonly-used practices to shift profits into tax havens.
Corporate tax avoidance has become a hot political topic following media coverage and parliamentary investigations into the arrangements many big companies used to cut tax bills.
Amazon and Google say they pay all the taxes they should. Analysts say competitive pressures force companies to seek to minimise all costs, including tax.
Last year, the Group of 20 leading economies asked the OECD to develop an action plan to tackle the problem.
Big U.S. technology companies could be those most affected by the OECD's plans but others could also be hit, including pharmaceuticals and branded consumer goods firms, as well as many European companies.
Chris Morgan, Head of Tax Policy at accountants KPMG in London, said the proposals were “balanced” and while some firms would pay more tax, big business accepted the need for change.
Anti-poverty charity ActionAid criticised the plans saying some of the measures envisaged would be too expensive for developing countries to implement.
The draft proposals announced have been agreed by all G20 members and OECD members, which include most major industrialised countries, the OECD said in a statement.
But the measures form part of a larger “(tax) base erosion and profit shifting” programme that will conclude next year. Only then will countries look at enshrining the results of the programme in law.
TREATY MISUSE
For more than 50 years, the OECD's work on international taxation has been focused on ensuring companies are not taxed twice on the same profits. The fear was that this would hamper trade and limit global growth.
Over the years, the OECD has formulated a standardised model tax treaty which allows countries to split taxation rights and avoid double taxation, partly by providing reliefs from measures intended to stop tax avoidance, such as withholding taxes.
But companies have been using such treaties to ensure profits are not taxed anywhere.
For example, search giant Google takes advantage of tax treaties to channel more than $8 billion (4.94 billion pounds) in untaxed profits out of Europe and Asia each year and into a subsidiary that is tax resident in Bermuda, which has no income tax.
Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt has said changes to rules that increase its tax bill would hit innovation.
The OECD's proposals would make amendments to its model treaty so that cross-border transactions would not benefit from the reliefs in tax treaties, if a principal reason for engaging in the transactions was to avoid tax.
“We are putting an end to double non-taxation,” OECD head of tax Pascal Saint-Amans said in a call with reporters.
The think tank, which also advises members on economic policy, also wants curbs on how much profit companies can report in centralised intra-company lending and purchasing arms, which are often based in tax havens.
Where such subsidiaries generate large profits on the back of intra-company trade, the OECD said the profits should be shared across the group.
This could hit UK telecoms provider Vodafone Group Plc (VOD.L), which has a Luxembourg subsidiary that buys telephone equipment for the group.
Vodafone Procurement Company's 200 staff generated profits of more than 400 million euros (320.16 million pounds) last year, making it one of the group's smallest but most profitable divisions. An unusual Luxembourg tax rule allowed the subsidiary to pay no tax on that profit.
Vodafone said businesses across Europe already benefited from savings achieved by the Luxembourg operation and that it did not expect a significant impact on its business from the OECD measures.
TAX RESIDENCE
The OECD has also proposed changes in the rules on tax residence that allow U.S. tech giants to generate billions of dollars in sales in many countries but not have those revenues assessed for tax by those countries' tax authorities.
A long-standing rule that allows a company to operate a warehouse in a country without creating a tax residence there should be reconsidered, the OECD said.
This would potentially hit Internet retailer Amazon as the warehouse exclusion allowed Amazon to channel 15 billion euros last year in European sales to a subsidiary in Luxembourg, where it can build up profits tax free.
A raft of companies which sell online including Apple Inc's iTunes service, software provider Adobe Systems Inc. (ADBE.O) and e-commerce group eBay Inc. (EBAY.O) could also be forced to report revenues in the countries where they are generated, if the OECD's proposal that having a “significant digital presence” in a country would also create a tax residence.
A Reuters investigation last year found that three quarters of the 50 biggest U.S. technology companies channeled revenues from European sales into low tax jurisdictions such as Ireland and Switzerland, rather than reporting them nationally.
The companies all say they comply with tax rules in all the countries where they operate.
Anton Hume, Global Head of Transfer Pricing at accountants BDO, said the measures could prompt companies to change their structures and move jobs out of tax havens: “It may mean that a lot of activities are onshored again.”
However, Ireland's jobs and enterprise minister, Richard Bruton, said his country would not lose out.
“As countries move away from other tax haven situations, a good country with a very clear, certain, regime like Ireland can stand to gain,” he said.
Mostellaria is a play by the Roman author Plautus. Its name translates from Latin as The Haunted House (with the word Domus understood in the title). It is a comedy with a very linear plot. It is set in the city of Athens, on a street in front of the houses of Theopropides and Simo.
Characters [ edit ]
Main characters [ edit ]
Theopropides - an Athenian merchant
Philolaches - Theopropides' son
Tranio - Slave owned by Theopropides
Philematium - A courtesan who has been set free by Philolaches
Callidamates - Friend of Philolaches
Simo - Theopropides' neighbour
Misargyrides - A moneylender
Minor characters [ edit ]
Grumio - Country slave, owned by Theopropides
Sphaerio - Slave owned by Theopropides
Scapha - Philematium's attendant
Delphium - Callidamates' girlfriend
Phaniscus - Callidamates' slave
Pinacium - Caliidamates' slave
Plot [ edit ]
A young man named Philolaches is having a great time while his father is overseas on business. Philolaches has also borrowed a lot of money to buy the freedom of the slave-girl he loves. One day he is having a house party with many friends, when his slave Tranio interrupts the merry-making to announce that Philolaches' father has returned unexpectedly and will arrive from the harbour at any minute. Amid the general panic, Tranio has an idea. He hustles Philolaches and his friends into the house and locks the door. The father now arrives. Tranio greets him respectfully but pretends that it is dangerous to enter the house because it is haunted.
Unfortunately, at this moment a money-lender turns up to claim the money that Philolaches borrowed. Tranio thinks quickly and pretends that the money was borrowed to buy the house next door. Even when Philolaches' father meets the real owner of the house, Tranio manages to hide the truth for some time, but he is found out at last and jumps onto the top of an altar to escape punishment. All ends happily, however, when one of Philolaches' friends offers to repay the debt, thus allowing the father to forgive his son. Even Tranio is forgiven.
Adaptations [ edit ]
-"Mostellaria" is one of several Plautus plays used as inspiration for the Stephen Sondheim, Burt Shevelove and Larry Gelbart musical "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum". The character Erroneous returns from being abroad to be told his house is haunted and must walk seven times around the seven hills of Rome to remove the ghosts.
-Kevin P. Joyce's play "When the Cat's Away" is loosely based on "Mostellaria", transposing the story from Athens to modern day Nantucket.
References [ edit ]
Former Governor Bob McDonnell could be spending his last Christmas with family for a while. In just under two weeks, a judge will sentence McDonnell for his corruption convictions.
The 12th governor in American history with a public corruption conviction, McDonnell could be the first from Virginia to go to prison. Legal analysts believe he faces some hard time in prison despite pleas for mercy from lawyers, family and friends.
McDonnell is scheduled to be sentenced on January 6. The U.S. Probation Office has calculated a sentencing of about a decade. His lawyers are fighting for far less, a few years of full-time community service.
The defense has submitted scores of letters to Judge James Spencer, letters testifying to McDonnell's faith and public service, and pleading for leniency for a man with a sterling reputation.
"Mercy is something that we believe in as a nation, but on the other hand if you start making exceptions then people will think the powerful get one standard and everyone else gets a lot harsher standard,” stated legal analyst Paul Goldman.
Goldman, a lawyer who has closely followed this case, says the judge usually goes by the book. In this particular court; judges only go lighter than the guideline 20 percent of the time.
"Governor McDonnell is 60 years old, so any substantial amount of time is a heck of a sentence for him but I just think he has to go into the courtroom expecting that,” Goldman stated.
Despite the kind notes passed along to the judge, the prosecution paints an entirely different picture. They see McDonnell as a politician who got caught with his hand in the cookie jar. They say the thousands of dollars in gifts and loans from wealthy businessman Jonnie Williams were proof of corruption, not friendship. They say, as a lawyer and past attorney general for Virginia, McDonnell should have and did know better.
“If he comes out with less, then he should count his blessings really," Goldman stated.
Goldman believes there's a chance McDonnell will not immediately report to prison but will be free on bond while his lawyers press for an appeal.
McDonnell's wife Maureen will have her sentencing in February.
ISIS fighters returning to the UK are to be killed by making them wait for ten weeks for Universal Credit payments, it has emerged.
Tory minister and badass Rory Stewart said converts to so-called Islamic State believed in an “extremely hateful doctrine”, not unlike the one in the Conservative manifesto.
Stewart warned jihadists that the gruelling conditions of the Syrian Civil War would leave them ill-prepared for life on benefits in Theresa May's Britain.
In addition, those claiming Universal Credit will be asked a series of demeaning questions such as: ‘Have you or anyone you know taken part in the establishment of a caliphate?”
Stewart said, “These shitbirds think they have witnessed hardship. Let's see how they cope with social cleansing, UK-style.”
UK bound ISIS fighter, Saeed Wil Hamsa, said, “A single payment of £251.77 a month for those under the age of twenty-five and an end to tax credits. That won't even go towards a down payment on a mobile rocket launcher.
“I feel like I am being unfairly penalised for the rape and torture of innocents.”
Stewart added, “In the unlikely event that they haven't starved to death by mid-December, we always have the annual winter NHS crisis to fall back on.”
When the time comes for Field Notes to produce their quarterly edition of limited notebooks, I always appreciate when they attempt something different, and they've definitely accomplished that with Sweet Tooth, the recent Spring 2016 release.
While the 3-packs of Sweet Tooth notebooks come in the typical pocket-size, 3.5″ x 5.5″, there are many new features lurking inside these little books. Most obviously, each notebook has blank and colored paper. The three colors – “Blu Raspberry,” “Banana Split,” and “Tangy Orange” (which looks more red to me) – match the colors of their respective covers.
In addition, both the covers and the paper inside these books are much more hearty than usual, clocking in at 100# and 70#, respectively – that makes for a relatively thick Field Notes notebook. For comparison's sake, a standard Field Notes notebook has a cover stock that is 80# and paper that is 50#.
Each notebook page also comes perforated, for easy tearing. Anyone who leaves a lot of notes would do well to slip a Sweet Tooth book into a desk drawer, plucking out a page now and then whenever a scrap piece of paper is needed. The colors also allow for a color-coded note system, if you are nerdy and dedicated enough to develop one. There's even a couple extra aesthetic flares – all the text on the notebooks' covers are stamped with a shiny foil, and, of course, there are the black staples.
Although I appreciate the novelty of these Sweet Tooth books, I'm sorry to say that they really aren't for me. Unlike the typical Field Notes design, these don't offer much utility for the type of person who carries a notebook in his or her back pocket. The extra heft of the paper and cover stock makes it noticeable and, at times, uncomfortable to carry around. And though I find the perforations occasionally handy, those who like to save everything written in their notebooks will find them mostly useless.
However, if you work at a desk, prefer blank paper, and tear out a lot of pages, then Sweet Tooth will be the perfect edition of Field Notes for you. And, frankly, it's a terrific notebook for keeping track of your next dentist appointment. You just have to leave yourself a note, hidden amongst your candy stash.
Additional Notes
Mr. Huntsman, 51, who resigned as ambassador in late April and declined to comment for this article, is joining the presidential campaign scene as a relative unknown outside Utah. Yet he is among those who are being taken most seriously by Mr. Obama's aides, who after working with him for more than two years say he could be formidable if — and they consider this a big “if” — he can navigate a nominating contest likely to be decided by voters who may view him as too moderate.
He is a Mormon whose missionary work took him to Taiwan, where he became fluent in Mandarin Chinese. He has benefited from the wealth generated by a family business, the Huntsman Corporation, that is one of the largest chemical companies in the world. He opposes abortion rights and supports same-sex civil unions.
But it is his path from the Utah governor's mansion to the United States Embassy in Beijing and now to the presidential campaign trail that has gotten him particular attention, representing a rare moment in American history in which a member of a presidential administration turns to run against it.
Mr. Obama's decision to name Mr. Huntsman his ambassador to China in 2009 was hailed by members of both parties as another act of political wizardry, a chance to show that the president was trying to infuse his administration with a bipartisan spirit.
The president's aides had by then identified Mr. Huntsman, a rising star of the Republican Party, as a potentially strong opponent in 2012. And Mr. Obama's team basked in accolades among political strategists for taking Mr. Huntsman out of the mix and packing him off some 7,000 miles away.
Mr. Huntsman's time in China has indeed created a potential roadblock for his campaign; Mr. Obama has teased him publicly about how his service in the administration will play among the Republican faithful.
But in some ways it has proved to be a help. It has bolstered his position as the only candidate in a field dominated by former governors to have direct foreign policy experience. And it put him in proximity to some of the nation's leading chief executives — and potential campaign donors and fund-raisers — as they sought assistance in doing business with China.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Diplomatic cables obtained by WikiLeaks show meetings with the leading executives from Cisco, Pfizer and Wal-Mart; close contact with the United States Chamber of Commerce; and requests for help from the Las Vegas Sands casino, the chairman of which, Sheldon Adelson, is a major Republican fund-raiser.
Photo
On the negative side of the political ledger for Mr. Huntsman, a confidential cable in November 2009 signed by him and sent to Mr. Obama appears to credit the president for “working with China to manage the worst of the financial crisis” and reads: “Mr. President, your commitment to building a relationship with China that will allow us together to shape the 21st century has the attention of our country, China, and the world. We are proud to be a part of your team.”
(In that cable Mr. Huntsman, who has recently backtracked on his support for legislation capping greenhouse gas emissions that was unpopular among conservatives, also hailed “China's commitment to clean energy and to addressing greenhouse gas emissions” as “impressive.” Advising the president to reiterate his position that “America embraces China's rise,” he also said the president should urge Mr. Hu to push harder on North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons.)
The cable was written in prelude to the president's trip to China in 2009.
Speaking Sunday on the CNN program “State of the Union,” Mr. Axelrod said Mr. Huntsman had been “effusive” about what Mr. Obama was doing when Mr. Axelrod accompanied the president to China during that 2009 trip.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“He was encouraging on health care,” Mr. Axelrod said. “He was encouraging on the whole range of issues.”
A spokesman for Mr. Huntsman, Matt David, called Mr. Axelrod's description of that conversation “absurd,” saying it was evidence that Mr. Huntsman's candidacy “scares” the White House.
Mr. Huntsman's aides pointed to his recent statements that he agreed to become ambassador out of a sense of duty, not to tee up a presidential run.
“Governor Huntsman served the president the same way he did Reagan, Bush senior and George W. Bush,” Mr. David said, referring to his jobs as a staff assistant for President Ronald Reagan, ambassador to Singapore for the first President Bush and a deputy trade representative for the second.
Mr. Huntsman had already been in the early process of exploring a 2012 presidential run when his discussions about the ambassador's job began. His political strategist, John Weaver, was beginning to form a team and was taking Mr. Huntsman around to early voting states when, according to a 2009 White House memorandum on the appointment, a White House adviser mentioned Mr. Huntsman as a possible ambassador to China.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The adviser, Jeff Bader, had worked with Mr. Huntsman in the younger Mr. Bush's trade representative's office and “was impressed by Governor Huntsman's excellent relations with his Asian counterparts,” the memo read, adding, “He's a ‘no drama Obama' type.”
Mr. Huntsman's decision to accept the posting was taken inside and outside the White House to mean that he was scuttling any plans for 2012. But even before Mr. Axelrod came across Mr. Huntsman at the state dinner in January, there were signs that a run was coming together.
Last fall, local supporters, together with Mr. Weaver, started a political action committee on Mr. Huntsman's behalf in Utah, though one official involved told The Deseret News of Salt Lake City that it would, if anything, be geared toward a possible run in 2016 while helping like-minded candidates in the meantime.
Around the same time, Mr. Huntsman was reported to have bought a new home in Washington. Finally, a statement he gave to Newsweek in January left little doubt: “We won't do this forever, and I think we may have one final run left in our bones.” He declined at the time to comment on whether he would run in 2012, the magazine noted.
Mr. Huntsman announced in late January that he would resign as ambassador. His political aides said they had already set about building a political organization without him — because of federal provisions barring political appointees from engaging in campaigns — that he could jump-start for 2016 or, if he was ready now, 2012.
He decided he was ready now.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan ruffled feathers in Greece at the start of a two-day state visit (AFP Photo/ARIS MESSINIS)
Athens (AFP) - Greece and Turkey on Thursday agreed to work on confidence-boosting measures after a rocky start to a landmark two-day state visit to Athens by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Erdoğan, making the first visit to Greece by a Turkish head of state in 65 years, had earlier angered his hosts with talk of revising borders and complaints about Greece's treatment of its Muslim minority.
"We agreed to resume talks on confidence-building and security measures," Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said at a news conference after a long meeting with Erdoğan.
The longtime Turkish leader had said Athens was neglecting the minority with Turkish origins living in northern Greece.
Erdoğan also accused the European Union of ignoring promises of financial support given last year in return for Turkey's help in stemming refugee flows to Europe.
Greek President Prokopis Pavlopoulos, one of the country's foremost law experts, said Athens had no intention of revising the 1923 Treaty of Lausanne, a defining document in Greek-Turkish relations, as Erdoğan has repeatedly suggested.
"This treaty is non-negotiable for us... it requires no revision nor update," he said.
Separately, Tsipras joked that another nine countries would have to be chased down to revise the treaty, including Japan.
But Erdoğan insisted that agreements can be "updated" and claimed that Greece was failing to adhere to the treaty in respect to the Muslim minority.
Contrary to the treaty, Athens appoints religious jurists known as muftis instead of allowing the local community to do so, Erdoğan said.
"Protecting the rights of our fellow ethnic (Turks) is a top priority for us," he said.
Tsipras countered by urging Erdoğan to speed up social reforms in Turkey, where many are still imprisoned after a crackdown by his government that followed the attempted army coup last year.
"I invite you to open a new chapter in Greek-Turkish relations," Tsipras said. "If you do not accept, it will work against our peoples... and EU-Turkish relations."
Erdoğan, who visited Greece twice as prime minister, in 2004 and 2010, will travel privately Friday to the northeastern region of Thrace where the Muslim minority lives.
Further souring the two-day trip, Erdoğan said in an interview Wednesday that airspace and territorial borders could be "improved".
Relations have been plagued by territorial disputes in the Aegean, with the two NATO allies nearly going to war in 1996 over a cluster of uninhabited islets.
There are often confrontations when Turkish warplanes enter airspace that Greece claims as its own, prompting Greek authorities to scramble jets in response.
- 'Delayed justice' -
A more recent bone of contention is Greece's refusal so far to extradite eight Turkish officers who fled to its territory last year after allegedly participating in the failed coup against Erdoğan.
The Greek Supreme Court has blocked the extradition of the officers, and Erdoğan lamented that taking the legal route "takes longer".
"Terrorists, when they are detained in Greece, they should be extradited to Turkey," he said. "Delayed justice is no justice."
Tsipras said the Greek state had to respect judicial rulings and promised that the suspects would receive a fair trial.
- 'A wide divide' -
The uneasy relations between Turkey and Greece date back to the creation of the modern Turkish republic out of the ruins of the Ottoman Empire.
Erdoğan's Islamic-rooted Justice and Development Party (AKP), which came to power in 2002, sought a more pragmatic relationship based on trade and tourism, and Greece became a key backer of the Turkish bid to join the EU.
Athens is unhappy over Turkey's upkeep of Byzantine heritage in Istanbul, the former Constantinople, including the Hagia Sophia, which is officially a museum but has seen an uptick in Muslim worship in the last few years.
Another festering sore is the island of Cyprus, whose northern section is still occupied by Turkish troops following the 1974 invasion in response to an Athens-inspired coup aimed at uniting it with Greece.
Much-touted peace talks this year to reunify the island ended without a breakthrough.
In a move seen by Turkish commentators as a gesture to Ankara ahead of Erdoğan's visit, nine suspected members of the Marxist Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C), branded a terrorist organisation by Turkey, were charged by a Greek prosecutor last week.
burs/sjw-jph/js
Story highlights The content of the letter was not revealed to the public
Heller is undecided on the Senate health care bill
Washington (CNN) Las Vegas police discovered a "threatening note" at Republican Sen. Dean Heller's office on Sunday after responding to a burglary alarm at the building where his office is located.
The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department told CNN in a statement that they received a call from an alarm company representative at a little after 9 a.m. reporting the alarm at the building's main entrance had gone off.
The preliminary investigation by police determined that a burglary did not occur to the main building or Heller's office, but the threatening note addressed to Heller was discovered near his office door, authorities told CNN.
Officers took a report for the letter and are investigating the incident, they said.
Read More
The long-awaited 30-day review of the U.S. strategy to defeat the Islamic State ordered by President Trump is nearly complete, with the final draft expected to be delivered to the White House early next week, according to the Pentagon.
Looking to keep his campaign promise to initiate a plan to destroy the Islamic State, Mr. Trump tasked the Defense Department with spearheading an interagency review of the Obama-era strategy, which he said failed to deliver results in a timely manner.
The plan for the Islamic State will be a major early test for Mr. Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster. Named to the post on Monday, Mr. McMaster replaces retired Army Gen. Michael Flynn, whose abrupt resignation over Russian ties threw the administration's national security team into a tailspin.
Posted by Bekki on Jan 5, 2014 in Diary of a Supermom, Featured, Lists, Resources, Silly But True, The Lighter Side of Life, Uncategorized |
20 Signs You Grew Up a Church Kid
213.9K Flares Twitter 199 Facebook 213K Pin It Shares 562 Google+ 42 StumbleUpon 25 Filament.io 213.9K Flares ×
*This post contains affiliate links. Clicking on the link and making an Amazon purchase helps support my family. Thanks in advance!
I grew up a church kid. I went to Sunday School every week, memorized my Bible verses, was youth group president, went on mission trips – the whole nine yards.
My husband was raised on the opposite side of the country, and grew up in a different denomination. (I grew up Baptist. He grew up Wesleyan.) Thousands of miles apart in churches with different styles, we both experienced many of the same things…and I have a hunch that no matter where you went to church, you did too.
And yet, in spite of all of these wonderfully cheesy things, I remain a person who clings to her faith, loves Jesus, and loves her church. While I hope we've made some strides towards cultural relevance, I'm positive that in 20 years, my own four “church kids” will be able to make such a list. (Hey- if you can't poke fun at yourself, what can ya do?)
So, sit back, pop in some Steven Curtis Chapman or Geoff Moore and the Distance, throw some cocoa in your dad's Promise Keeper's mug, and enjoy this trip down memory lane.
1. You know who Psalty is. *Bonus points if you can sing Bullfrongs and Butterflies and/or the “Arky Arky” song!
And now I'm singing, “The Lord told Noah, there's gonna be a floody floody….get those animals out of the muddy muddy.”
2. You know what a sword drill is. (And that it has nothing to do with swords….or drills…)
Straight up – I challenge anyone – any day – anywhere. I was the master of sword drills. =)
3. You had a WWJD bracelet….or two….or ten.
4. You participated in a youth group “lock-in.”
5. You had a Precious Moments Bible. (Why must those children look so sad?)
6. You probably carried said Bible around in one of these…
7. You got excited when your Sunday School teacher put on a movie like this…
Superbook!
or this….McGee and Me!
8. You re-dedicated your life to Christ around a campfire at summer camp.
*Bonus points – You sang worship songs “in a round” around said campfire.
*Bonus bonus points – One of those songs was “Father I adore You” or “I Love You Lord”
9. There is a box in your house somewhere filled with cd's by…
DC Talk (And now I'm singing, “God is Doing a Nu Thang“)
*Bonus points – Their song “In the Light” was likely life-changing for you and/or you proudly told people you were a “Jesus Freak.”
Jars of Clay, Audio Adrenaline, Newsboys, and Michael W. Smith.
*Bonus points if you ever rocked out to “Flood” in a Christian mosh-pit, thought Will of Audio Adrenaline was hot, tried desperately to learn all the words to “Shine” by the Newsboys, and could full-on belt out “Friends are Friends Forever” by MWS this very minute.
(Cuz you know they are….if the Lord's the Lord of them…..and a friend will not say never….'cuz the welcome will not end…)
(It's totally hard not to type all those lyrics…)
10. Your mom just might have a little red vest or an ugly gray button up shirt hanging in a guest-room closet somewhere.
11. When I say, “Spring up oh well,” you automatically leap from your chair and yell, “Splish! Splash!”
12. Speaking of automatic responses…..When I say, “Hallelu – Hallelu- Hallelu- Hallelujah”, you say, “Praise Ye the Lord!”
*Bonus points if this involved some type of stand up/sit down/stand up game or some type of “which side is loudest?” contest.
13. In your mind, Jesus had feathered(ish) long brown hair, and was always wearing a white robe with a blue sash.
(I seriously just asked my husband (out of nowhere), “Quick – what color was Jesus' sash?” His response (w/o missing a beat -“blue.” in almost a “duh” tone of voice.) =)
14. You quickly learned which church ladies made the good food, and which casseroles were to be avoided at church potlucks.
(And you always prayed someone brought macaroni and cheese.)
15. You can tell someone about your faith using jellybeans, “the wordless book”, or one of these….
16. Someone you know had a framed copy of “Footprints” somewhere in their home.
17. One word – flannelgraph.
18. You played some type of renegade night game, some type of game requiring you to spin around a broom and then run, and/or some type of “eat this nasty food as fast as you can” game at youth group or summer camp.
(*Bonus points if you packed special camo and/or clothes for night games when you went to camp, one of the foods you had to eat quickly was a Big Hunk or Charleston Chew, and/or you know the best youth group game ever….Four on a Couch.)
19. You proudly went to “See You at the Pole.”
(*Bonus points if you later prayed for the kids who mockingly played Duck Duck Goose while you were praying.)
20.You know all the hand-motions to “Our God is an Awesome God.”
And because I'm feeling like handing out more bonus points…(and because I thought of more than 20 things….)
*Bonus points if you ever went to a Billy Graham Crusade (Portland-'92 baby!), attended a 5 Day Club or VBS, know all the verses to “Jesus Loves Me”, ever declared you were “on fire” for God, kissed dating goodbye, and/or if your mom or grandma had a verse cross-stitched on something in your home.
And I'm still singing that song….”Yo! Who's doin' it?”
Go ahead and SHARE this post with your fellow “church kids.”
Connect with Chasing Supermom on Facebook
Follow Chasing Supermom on Twitter
Follow Chasing Supermom on Pinterest
Like this post? Check out my 20 Signs You Grew Up a Church Kid: Christmas Edition!
*This post was written from the perspective of a 32 year old baby of the '80's. Hopefully those in the generations before and after me will be able to relate to some of these things too. =)
*Please read through the comments, as many people have chimed in with their own favorite things – Some were simply not a part of my childhood (ie-Adventures in Odyssey and The Donut Man) or are just outside of my generation (ie- things like Sandi Patty and Veggie Tales.)
* I am LOVING all of your comments! Connecting with all of you and remembering alongside you has been such a fun journey for me. I never expected this post to resonate with so many. Thanks for stopping by and reminiscing with me.
Editor's Note: Today's article features extremely gruesome scenes of people going through quite possibly the most intense haunt anyone has ever seen. If you are squeamish, not a fan of blood or seeing people in fear, pain or simulated torture – click on this article about Legoland instead. This article is 100% not safe for work and it may not be safe for some at all. You have been warned!
Meet Russ McKamey. Russ is retired from the Navy, enjoys long walks on the beach, greyhound dogs and is a hardcore terror junkie.
Russ is the owner and founder of McKamey Manor in San Diego, California and this, based on all the research on haunts I have done, is the most intense psychological experience anyone can go through anywhere in the world.
When I first wrote to McKamey, I made it clear I had zero interest in going through his haunt. I had seen several YouTube videos of people being locked in cages, eating disgusting things (no idea what it was) and literally soaked in what appeared to be blood.
I told him point blank that I had no desire in getting any kind of “comp” or media thing at all and I merely wanted an interview to which McKamey responded, “We can definitely do the interview and P.S. I wouldn't want to do this haunt either.”
It wasn't always this intense. He's been at this for 14 years and according to McKamey, audiences have demanded that it become more intense over the years. It's also gotten more personable. A few years ago, people would start lining up outside of the house at 7 a.m. because they only brought through a handful of people per day.
Now, it's even less. McKamey and his team only bring through two individuals per day on Fridays and Saturdays only. That's right, only four people per week get to do this.
He calls McKamey Manor the “golden ticket” for haunt fans because so few people get to actually experience this. Why so few? Because the current version of the haunt is (I seriously hope you're sitting down for this) a seven-hour experience.
Clearly, participants need a ton of endurance to get through this. Essentially, you “apply” to do this haunt (he calls the most current version The Gauntlet) and he weeds through hopeful e-mails and applications to determine who he thinks can handle this kind of extreme haunt.
You clearly need to be in good physical condition. Naturally you have to be 18-years-or-older. McKamey told me that he doesn't think anyone who isn't in their 20's or 30's could make it through. Needless to say, you must also agree to signing a lengthy waiver in order to go through all this. After weeding people out through these criteria, hopefuls get a phone call from McKamey where he asks why they want to do the haunt.
“Basically, I do my best to talk them out of it,” he explained. “Tell them how intense this is going to be and how we have had Marines go through and cry like babies. If they still want to do it after all that, I prioritize them based on how I think they will do combined with their passion to go through with it.”
I didn't get a lot of detail on what actually goes on for seven hours of this haunt, but I did get a few things that he won't do. For starters, there are no sexual undertones or nudity of any kind. Extreme haunts like Freakling Brothers and Blackout have been subjected to, shall we say, sexual psychological trauma for years now. McKamey also doesn't believe in using curse words or even using religious undertones like the House of Shock in New Orleans.
Instead, participants go through a story-driven environment in what he calls “Indiana Jones on steroids.” Every room has a series of choices and each decision you make has its own unique set of consequences.
This is also not just some dinky set up, as he has invested nearly half a million dollars in equipment and effects to make The Gauntlet as realistic as possible.
Oh yeah, you know how in other extreme haunts there is a safe word if it becomes too much and you want to be let out? No such thing here. Because of his pre-screening process, he does his best to make sure that people who go through this are survivors, not quitters. Once you start, there is no backing out until it's over.
So where in San Diego is this? Can you watch it all happening? I have no idea and frankly, neither do the participants. They are told to meet at some undisclosed location in the city and they are then “kidnapped” in a van where they are taken to this top secret location where the madness all happens, then dropped back off seven hours or so later. “It'll all be like a dream,” McKamey said.
However, McKamey does video tape the entire experience from beginning to end. He keeps them all for his records and thus, is there every step of the way. If he feels like things are getting too intense, he can tell the actors to back off a bit. Likewise, if he thinks the participants can handle more, he can also amp things up a bit too.
How much would you pay for an extreme experience like this? $100? Maybe as much as $500? Good news, it's technically free. There is no charge to go through and he refuses to accept any money. Instead, he accepts bags or cans of dog food for his favorite charity of rehabilitating greyhounds that have been abused. He has a soft spot in his heart for these dogs and the food helps with some of those expenses because often times these dogs need a lot of veterinary care as well.
This is why he calls his experience the “golden ticket.” No other extreme haunt event charges nothing and takes seven hours. There is no way to get multiple people through in an hour, much less four a week, thus no financial gain. No other haunt in the country will touch what he's doing because you can't make a dime off of it.
So what do you think? Have haunts like this gone too far? Is there a place for entertainment like this? Would you try it or know anyone who would? Let me know in the comments section.
Meanwhile, make sure to follow Theme Park University on Twitter and like our Facebook Page!
Like this: Like Loading...
Comment Below
comments
Two weeks ago, traditional congregations read the account, in Parashat Bamidbar, of the census Moses took of the people of Israel before they prepared to enter the Land of Israel. At the same time, UJA-Federation of New York was putting the finishing touches on the Jewish Community Study of New York: 2011, a comprehensive survey of the Jewish population of the eight-county New York area.
The study was released this past week. The report, a truly herculean effort undertaken by noted Jewish sociologist Dr. Steven M. Cohen and management consultant Dr. Jack Ukeles, is the product of 1.4 million phone calls that led to nearly 6,000 interviews. It deals with issues of pressing import to Diaspora Jewry, and the greater Jewish people: poverty in the Jewish community, intermarriage, Jewish education. There are endless words to be written about these particular issues, but I don't want to talk about any of them.
I don't want to talk about any of those things, because there is something far more important buried within the findings, an existential threat to Judaism itself: Jews have stopped talking about Judaism.
Cohen and Ukeles devised a list of 24 questions to ask participants in the survey in order to determine their Jewish engagement, things such as whether they light Hanukkah candles, whether they fast on Yom Kippur, whether most of their friends are Jewish. Three of these questions struck me. Respondents were asked:
1. In the past year did you engage in any type of Jewish study or learning, such as on your own, online, with a friend, or with a teacher?
2. About how often do you access Jewish websites or look for Jewish information on the Internet, if at all?
3. About how often do you talk about Jewish related topics with friends who are Jewish?
These questions constitute the backbone of Judaism, a religion long predicated on lively discussion, debate, disagreement and dialogue. And, significantly, they are not tied to religious practice, adherence to which varies across different streams of Judaism.
These questions have no barrier to entry — there are no dues to be paid or pre-existing knowledge required to talk about Judaism — and yet they embody the very concept of Jewish engagement. Unfortunately, they didn't score well. Only 43% of New York Jews have conversations with Jews about Jewish topics. Thirty-eight percent participate in Jewish informal study. Another (or, quite possibly, the same) 38% access Jewish websites. All this, despite the New York Times headline about the study: “Aided by Orthodox, City's Jewish Population is Growing Again.”
Cohen and Ukeles isolate and control for all sorts of different variables — gender, denomination, age, etc. — but the sad story remains the same. In fact, if we lay aside the New York Times' optimism and look only at the non-Orthodox, these numbers dip considerably. Talking about Judaism, as it turns out, is less common among New York Jews than 11 other engagement points. This includes some obvious ones: attending a seder (69%), lighting Hanukkah candles (68%), and fasting on Yom Kippur (61%); as well as some that seem less obvious: donating to distinctly Jewish charities (55%), going to a Jewish museum or cultural event (49%), and paying synagogue membership dues (44%). Jews are “doing Jewish” (to use that ever-irksome phrase), without ever engaging in intellectual discussion about Judaism.
For all of their impeccable scholarship throughout the study, the authors do not provide us with much insight on why these three questions would yield such low responses. So I'll give it a shot.
Jews have stopped talking about Judaism because they feel that there isn't much left to talk about. The slow erosion of the intellectual commitment formerly demanded of the People of the Book has left a gaping hole, one too big to be filled by pastrami-on-rye and overbearing mothers. In the name of pluralism, and in order to seem more inclusive, Jews are validating all views and steering clear of judgment. The downside is that this leaves no room for any substantive Jewish conversation. Tradition teaches us that the Torah was taught in an unbroken line from Moses down through the generations. The rabbis of the Talmud gave way to the leaders of the Enlightenment; these, in turn, were replaced by the great thinkers of the 19th and 20th centuries, who outlined modern Jewish denominations. Today, this role of conversation-setter is largely vacant, replaced by the silent expectation of “big tent” Jewry.
Earlier this month, Dr. Jack Wertheimer, professor of Jewish history at the Jewish Theological Seminary wrote an article entitled “The Ten Commandments of America's Jews.” In it, he lamented this misguided pluralism, saying:
In order to bring everyone under one big tent, potentially divisive issues must be shelved…for all the talk of how enriching diversity can be, some of the most ‘inclusive' Jewish institutions are loath to make room for those, especially Orthodox Jews, who depart from their orthodoxies.
The American Jewish community continues down this self-defeating road, blindly and blithely defending the validity of any and all opinions; unless, of course, that opinion is seen as too traditional, in which case it is declared to be outside of the tent and left to wither. We must remember that opinions aren't sacred for their own sake; it is only when we busy our minds with holy conversation on Jewish topics that our society will be engaged and enriched.
There may be a cure, however, a prescription that could save Judaism from this precipitous decline into insignificance. It is impossibly vast. And it is impossibly easy. Talk. Read. Listen. Study. Debate. Discuss. Disagree. A far greater percentage of New York Jews than those who talk about Judaism – 52% – already answer that most of their close friends are Jewish. Even when two Jewish best friends talk, they aren't talking about Judaism. It's time to start the conversation!
It doesn't matter whether you discuss the origins of keeping kosher or the origins of Jewish humor. It doesn't matter whether you talk with your rabbi or with your girlfriend. It doesn't matter whether this conversation takes place in the mall tonight or in synagogue on Shabbat or in the mall on Shabbat. The essence of Judaism has disintegrated into an endangered conversation, the echoes of which are fading to silence all around us. It is up to us to rejoice in Jewish thoughts and ideas, to bring the discussion to our unengaged Jewish friends. It is up to us to ensure that Jews start talking about Judaism once again.
(Reuters) - Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti clinched re-election on Tuesday in a landslide victory that handed him a second term for 5-1/2 years in charge of America's second-largest city.
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks at a press conference following Los Angeles City Council's vote on whether to give final approval for the city's bid to host the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games in Los Angeles, California, U.S., January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Garcetti won 81 percent of the vote, according to a tally of all ballots early on Wednesday.
The nearest of his 10 challengers, Mitchell Schwartz, who was California state director of Barack Obama's presidential campaign in 2007 and 2008, trailed with just 8 percent of the vote.
Garcetti, a 46-year-old Democrat, was “deeply honored” to serve a second term, he said on Twitter early on Wednesday. Garcetti will serve 5 1/2 years instead of the usual four due to a change in the city's election calendar, officials said.
During his campaign, the mayor highlighted his support for a measure to raise the city's minimum wage, and employment gains in the aftermath of a nationwide recession. He also enjoyed a significant funding advantage over his rivals, reporting raising more than $3.8 million as of March 1.
Schwartz, the only other candidate to have raised substantial funds, is expected to have spent $790,000, a spokesman said.
Schwartz, 55, made the city's rising crime rate and soaring housing costs focal points of his campaign, also warning of a looming pension fund crisis.
Garcetti, who defeated then-city Controller Wendy Greuel in a run-off four years ago, is the son of former prosecutor Gil Garcetti, whose office tried O.J. Simpson for murder and lost.
Drawing almost as much attention in Tuesday's municipal elections was ballot Measure S, aimed at limiting urban development by halting “spot zoning” amendments to the city's General Plan for two years.
Supporters of the plan, which was defeated with 69 percent of voters against, said spot zoning permits granted to wealthy real estate interests had spurred runaway construction, increasing congestion and driving up housing costs.
Opponents said it would have undermined the city's efforts to create more affordable housing.
(This version of the story corrects paragraph 1 to show mayor's term will be 5-1/2 years instead of 4 years due to change in election calendar, adds explanation in paragraph 4)
The Sportsnation crew tries to figure out which team makes the most sense for Blake Griffin to join forces with. (1:34)
With Chris Paul headed to the Houston Rockets, the LA Clippers will turn their attention to keeping Blake Griffin, a source told ESPN's Ramona Shelburne.
Griffin notified the team last week that he will not pick up his option for next season.
The Clippers are of the understanding that it will take a five-year deal to keep Griffin, a source told Shelburne.
Editor's Picks 'Weapons race': Rockets tout CP3-Harden pair All-Star Chris Paul is headed to the Rockets as part of a blockbuster trade that will send seven players, a first-round draft pick and cash to the Clippers.
Complicating the matter however, sources told ESPN's Michael Eaves, is that Griffin may not be ready for the start of the next season and could possibly be out until December due to a toe injury that cut short his postseason.
A separate source told Shelburne the team believes Griffin's toe will be healed and he'll likely be ready for the start of the season.
Griffin suffered an injury to the plantar plate of his right big toe in Game 3 of the Clippers' series against the Jazz. He left the game near the half and 12 hours later, the team announced he was out.
The 6-foot-10 Griffin has been plagued by injuries throughout his career, including during the 2016 playoffs, when he suffered a quad injury in Game 4 of the Clippers' first-round series against the Trail Blazers. He did not return for the remainder of the series, and the Clippers were eventually eliminated in six games.
Griffin will become an unrestricted free agent on July 1.
SAN JUAN CAPISTRANO, California (Reuters) - Tubes that leaked radioactive steam at a California nuclear power plant, leading to an indefinite shutdown, were not properly tested by the manufacturer prior to installation, nuclear regulators told an overflowing public hearing on Monday.
The San Onofre Nuclear Generating plant is seen in North San Diego County, California March 14, 2011. REUTERS/Mike Blake
The San Onofre Nuclear Power plant, located in Orange County, has been shut down since January 31, when plant operators discovered a small radiation leak in one of the plants' two units. The 2,150-megawatt plant is operated by Edison International's Southern California Edison utility.
The nuclear station is located halfway between Los Angeles and San Diego and is critical to the grid to import electricity into southern California. Its extended shutdown raises the possibility of rolling power outages as warmer temperatures boost demand for power over the summer.
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission on Monday pinned the blame for the leak on Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, which it said underestimated the velocity of water and steam surging through the generator by a factor of three or four times in its computerized test of the equipment.
The tubes were also not held together tightly enough inside the troubled Unit 3 reactor, allowing them to rub against each other and causing premature wear, regulatory officials said.
Eight of the 129 tubes tested by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission since the shutdown at the plant's troubled Unit 3 generator failed pressure testing, an unprecedented number, said Elmo Collins, regional administrator for the Region IV office of the NRC.
“We've never seen that before,” he said of the test results. “This is a significant, serious safety issue.”
Officials from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and Southern California Edison said they would not allow the plant to reopen until it was safe to do so, and declined to give a specific timeline for restarting the plant.
“Both San Onofre units will be shut down until repairs are made and we and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission are satisfied it is safe to operate,” said Pete Dietrich, senior vice president and chief nuclear officer for the power plant.
While the regulatory commission has some authority over contractors such as Mitsubishi, Collins made it clear that it's Southern California Edison that will ultimately be held accountable if penalties are eventually levied by the government.
A crowd of over 400 people showed up for the hearing, many asking pointed questions about the competence of the Southern California Edison and the regulatory commission, as well as raising questions about the safety of nuclear power.
Dozens of environmentalists held a rally prior to the meeting with anti-nuclear signs, including one banner that read “Fukushima not again!” - a reference to the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster last year following the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan.
Damon Moglen, climate and energy director for green group Friends of the Earth, said that Southern California Edison made significant design changes to the plant without seeking an amendment to its existing license, as is required by the regulatory commission.
His group submitted petition to nuclear regulators on Monday to require the company to obtain a new license, complaining that in his view the commission was “asleep at the regulatory wheel.”
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission said its investigation into what went wrong at the plant was ongoing and promised to keep the public apprised of any new developments. A written report on the findings will be released next month, regulators said.
The thin ice crunches as the cutter breaks through, chugging along at a leisurely pace to the middle of the fjord. In the wheelhouse, Anders Stigebrandt has his steel blue eyes locked on the screen in front of him. He's in a great mood. It's been another good day of outsmarting nature.
The boat passes a few red wooden houses on the shore beyond the Swedish port city of Uddevalla, where too much industrial sewage has been allowed too drain into the fjord.
The nutrients contained in the runoff of fertilizers, sewage sludge and liquid manure all encourage the growth of algae. When the algae later dies, it sinks to the sea floor, where it decomposes with the help of micro-organisms, which consume the oxygen of the deep in the process. In turn, fish, mussels and crustaceans disappear from these oxygen-poor areas.
The Byfjord on Sweden's west coast serves as Stigebrandt's model for the largest marine death zone ever created by humans -- a 60,000 square kilometer patches of the Baltic Sea floor. Over the years, some 20 million tons of nitrogen and 2 million tons of phosphorus have flowed into the semi-enclosed sea, and it is slowly running out of life-giving oxygen.
Stigebrandt wants to artificially aerate it, and his experiment in the fjord is intended as the start of a much larger project in the Baltic.
Big Plans for the Baltic
His two colleagues jump onto a raft anchored in the water, where two pumps with propellers as large as cement mixers are rotating above the surface. They are pushing water masses into the depths below.
At this location the fjord is around 40 meters (131 feet) deep. From the shore, the sea floor drops rapidly to form a basin, and the conditions are comparable to those in the Baltic Sea, where the water near the surface has more oxygen and less salt than the water below. Due to the difference in salt content, the two layers hardly mix naturally at all.
The propellers whir, and the apparatus sounds like an oversized aquarium. Slowly, the pumps begin to mix the water layers, bringing more oxygen to the deep and more salt to shallower depths. This helps the water to mix better. But Stigebrandt is also hoping to take advantage of another effect: When oxygen is present on the sea floor, it also helps to bind the phosphates that are so damaging to sea life populations to the sediments -- thus reducing the amount of phosphorus found in the water column.
Next, Stigebrandt wants to test the pumps in the Baltic Sea, preferably powered by wind. Swedish authorities have funded his initial experiment with some 230,000 ($302,000). It is estimated that oxygenating the Baltic Sea would require around 100 pump stations, and would come at a cost of around 200 million.
Doubts About Environmental Benefits
Stigebrandt's biggest critic, Daniel Conley, says he finds the experiment fascinating, but hopes the idea never comes to fruition. "Of course it could work," says the biochemistry professor at Sweden's Lund University. "We sent people to the moon and dried up one of China's largest lakes. If we wanted to, we could oxygenate the entire Baltic Sea." But, he adds, it would likely never be the same.
The oceanographer warns that a lower salt content on the sea floor could drive marine life away. "It's possible the codfish would cease to spawn," Conley says. Furthermore, toxins from the sediment that has thus far been resting on the sea floor could be introduced into the food chain -- poisons such as DDT, an insecticide that was banned in Germany in 1972.
"That's ridiculous," Stigebrandt says, adding that his group has examined the project's risks closely. Far more remarkable, he says, are the results of the testing in the fjord, where sea worms have settled in because there is now enough oxygen for them to inhabit the area. Certainly his critics could have wished for nothing more, the scientist adds.
Unpredictable Sea
At the same time, it is also true that immense water circulation can still occur naturally in the Baltic, which is connected to the North Sea via small straits. When wind conditions are favorable, oxygen-rich water flows in, although this has been happening less frequently in recent decades.
In the 1980s, countries that border the Baltic Sea coast began modernizing sewage systems and restricting excessive fertilization by farmers. The result was that fewer nutrients have been drained into the water, but it is likely the state of the inland sea will only change slowly over the next 50 to 100 years. The intent was to make the waters ecologically sound again by 2021.
Advocates of the artificial oxygenation like Stigebrandt argue that waiting alone won't suffice and urge that action be taken. Similar experiments involving pumps are being conducted in the Gulf of Finland. And in the Stockholm archipelago, another group is testing a chemical in the water that has been used to purify sewage. Nevertheless, none of these projects eliminates the root cause of the glut of nutrients in the water.
As to the question of what the effects the project would have on the ecosystem, both supporters and critics are cautious. The sea is unpredictable, they say.
Africa Dispatches: Agencies, got game?
by Mandy de Waal (@mandyldewaal) Danny @dislekcia Day is sitting in The Cape Quarter — that old part of Cape Town that's been gentrified. It is a crisp winter's afternoon and there's something wildly alive about the game designer's charcoal eyes. The reason for this could be what's happened during the last few years since we've talked.
Close on four years ago I last wrote about Day who, together with Marc @AequitasZA Luck and Rodain ‘Nandrew' Joubert (@RodainJoubert), created a computer game called Desktop Dungeons.
The game is now winning awards and taking the ‘indy' world of cyber-play by storm. It is the new local-to-global computer-game success story.
“What is Desktop Dungeons?” you may ask, dear MarkLives.com reader who doesn't play much more than Candy Crush Saga online.
“Why, young Padawan,” I reply. “For the uninitiated, this is that most perfect tool of procrastination. Desktop Dungeons is a space where you get to kill goats [goats, yes goats — who knew there'd be quite so many goats?], slay dragons, steal loot, and go on infinite quests.”
And if you have a job and you must still work, you can play this PC or Mac game in short bursts. As in during a 15-minute coffee break.
[On 28 May 28, the roguelike should have become available on iOS and Android, meaning that gamers who can't get enough of Desktop Dungeons are able to play it on their tablets as well. Which means you'll be able to get in a quick game during comfort breaks.]
The game that Day, Luck and Joubert made is a fighting, exploring, thieving, and strategy immersion mashed with incredible humour which means much, much fun. The more you play, the smarter you can get — and the smarter you get, the more fun you can have.
Minecraft acquired for US$2.5bn
Why is it important for you to know about a game called Desktop Dungeons? The answer in one word is Minecraft — that cubist virtual world in which people play by breaking and building things. A computer game created by Swede, Markus ‘Notch' Persson, Microsoft acquired Minecraft in September 2014 for US$2.5bn.
The stats for Minecraft are stupefying. At the time of writing this, some 19 642 382 people had bought either the PC or Mac version of the game. In the 24 hours before, 7 915 people bought the game.
Similarly, the international gaming industry is beyond huge — bigger in revenues than the US film industry, earning an estimated US$76bn per year. In SA alone, PricewaterhouseCoopers estimates that R1.4bn is spent on video games for computers, cellphones, tablets and consoles. And there are people in the local computer/video game sector who contest PwC's figures.
Day cautions that PwC's numbers are no real indication of the current state of game development in the country. “Of that R1.4bn, none of it goes into the local scene,” he says, adding: “It's all going to big international corporations — big international distributors and hardware sellers. Very little of it actually stays in the country, even in the retail space, because your mark-ups are so small.”
Big money
The big money for local game devs is coming for those who crack it on curated game portals.
Make Games South Africa (MGSA), the association of independent game developers, ran a survey this year to get an idea of the size and scope of the local industry. There were 40 active game-development companies that responded, which overall have directly created 253 jobs, showing a 5% growth from 2014. Together the organisations released a total of 67 games in 2014, and the declared value of these organisations is about R53m, an 82% growth from last year.
But let's get back to Desktop Dungeons, the indy game that could.
Desktop Dungeons was conceived in early 2010 when Joubert put a rough prototype of the game on a local game development forum. The game was an immediate hit with the other forum users, and it exploded outwards from there. Day and Luck, who also frequented the same forums, took notice, and realised the game's potential. They invited Joubert to join their game-development company, QCF Design, so together they could finish the game, and take it to the next level.
The alpha version of Desktop Dungeons was completed at the end of 2010, and the three decided that the company needed to attend the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) in Los Angeles to showcase and raise funds for further development.
“Begged, borrowed and stole (air-miles)”
“We begged, borrowed and stole other people's air-miles until we could eventually afford one ticket,” Day says, who was chosen to go to the expo.
PayPal had recently launched in SA, so the decision was made to put a pre-order on their site. “By the time I got off the plane in Dubai, we could afford the entire trip. By the time I had completed the leg to Los Angeles and dashed to E3 to start demoing the game, we could pretty much afford to continue developing the game for the next year,” he continues.
“The pre-orders worked well for us and we turned this into an open beta, and for the next two-and-a-half years we released a new version of the game every Friday to our beta subscribers. People could buy the game for US$10, or US$20 if they wanted to support us. Some 13 000 people bought the game that way,” Day details.
At E3, Desktop Dungeons was spotted by a game scout for Steam. A digital distribution company based in the US, Steam is the world's largest online distributor of video games for personal computers. Some 4 500 games may be found on Steam, which boasts a community of 125m active users, with anything from 6m to 9m people playing concurrently.
Dream distribution network
For game developers, this platform is the dream distribution network. What Netflix is to movies, or Amazon is to books, Steam is to games.
Now let's look at Desktop Dungeon's numbers. Day says that 13 000 people bought the game on pre-order over the two-and-a-half years of beta testing. “But we sold more than that on Steam in our first week of release… in our first month I think we did about R1.4m in terms of revenue, and it just kept growing from there.”
To create ‘spikes' of interest, Steam holds regular promotions. Says Day: “We were on sale as part of the Steam holiday sale on the first of January 2014, and I think we did R1m in eight hours.” Day is characteristically disarming about this success, saying, “I was a little bit freaked out. But that's the dream, and that's why I say that building your own IP is way more lucrative than doing other things.”
Now let us start thinking about a ‘moral' for this story.
Put the ABCs aside
Traditional advertising agencies, researchers and media types are still crunching the numbers from television, and billboards and print. Perhaps it is time to put the ABCs aside for a bit, to start hanging around Steam and trying to find out how the game ecosystems work. Hook up with the peeps from Super Friendship Arcade who are promoting local indy games. Or connect with Make Games South Africa.
For marketers, the portable, video and computer games world is going to be a tough nut to crack, and the sooner you enter and try to understand this world, the better. Future marketing will include games, but unlike the other media, the game devs, the online markets and the players will be the gods of those worlds — they will determine the rules for entry.
For those brands that make the effort, the reward could be legion. There will be goats, and many, many more rewards. So be curious and go play. You'll be glad you did.
Mandy de Waal is a writer based in Cape Town, South Africa. Follow her on Twitter at @mandyldewaal or at MandyLdeWaal [@] gmail.com.
— MarkLives' round-up of top ad and media industry news and opinion in your mailbox every Monday and Thursday. Sign up here!
The TI-92 series of graphing calculators are a line of calculators produced by Texas Instruments. They include: the TI-92 (1995), the TI-92 Plus (1998, 1999), and the Voyage 200 (2002). The design of these relatively large calculators includes a QWERTY keyboard. Because of this keyboard, it was given the status of a "computer" rather than "calculator" by American testing facilities and cannot be used on tests such as the SAT or AP Exams while the similar TI-89 can be.[1][2] TI-92 The original TI–92 Type Programmable Graphing Introduced 1995 Discontinued 1998 Successor TI-92 Plus Calculator Entry mode D.A.L. Precision 14 Display type LCD Dot-matrix Display size 240x128 CPU Processor Motorola MC68000 Frequency 10MHz Programming Programming language(s) TI-BASIC Memory register 68 kB RAM Other Power supply 4 AAs,
1 CR2032 Weight 493 grams (17.4 oz) Dimensions 119 mm × 208 mm × 30 mm (4.7 in × 8.2 in × 1.20 in) TI-92 II TI-92 II Type Programmable Graphing Introduced 1996 Discontinued 1999 Successor TI-92 Plus Calculator Entry mode D.A.L. Precision 14 Display type LCD Dot-matrix Display size 240x128 CPU Processor Motorola MC68000 Frequency 10MHz Programming Programming language(s) TI-BASIC Memory register 128 kB RAM Other Power supply 4 AAs,
1 CR2032 Weight 493 grams (17.4 oz) Dimensions 119 mm × 208 mm × 30 mm (4.7 in × 8.2 in × 1.20 in) Contents
The TI-92 was originally released in 1995, and was the first symbolic calculator made by Texas Instruments. It came with a computer algebra system (CAS) based on Derive, and was one of the first calculators to offer 3D graphing. The TI-92 was not allowed on most standardized tests due mostly to its QWERTY keyboard. Its larger size was also rather cumbersome compared to other graphing calculators. In response to these concerns, Texas Instruments introduced the TI-89 which is functionally similar to the original TI-92, but featured Flash ROM and 188 KB RAM, and a smaller design without the QWERTY keyboard. The TI-92 was then replaced by the TI-92 Plus, which was essentially a TI-89 with the larger QWERTY keyboard design of the TI-92. Eventually, TI released the Voyage 200, which is a smaller, lighter version of the TI-92 Plus with more Flash ROM. The TI-92 is no longer sold through TI or its dealers, and is very hard to come by in stores.
TI-92 II Edit
The TI-92 II was introduced released in 1996, and was the first successor to the TI-92. The TI-92 II was available both as a stand-alone product, and as a user-installable II module which could be added to original TI-92 units to gain most of the feature improvements. The TI-92 II module was introduced early in 1996 and added the choice of 5 user languages (English, French, German, Italian and Spanish) and an additional 128k User memory. Along with the TI-92, the TI-92 II was replaced by the TI-92 Plus in 1999, which offered even more Flash ROM and RAM.
TI-92 Plus Edit
TI-92 Plus TI-92 Plus Type Programmable Graphing Introduced 1998 Discontinued 2006 Predecessor TI-92/TI-92 II Successor Voyage 200 Calculator Entry mode D.A.L. Precision 14 Display type LCD Dot-matrix Display size 240x128 CPU Processor Motorola MC68000 Frequency 12MHz Programming Programming language(s) TI-BASIC Memory register 188 kB RAM
384 kB flash memory Other Power supply 4 AAs,
1 CR2032 Weight 493 grams (17.4 oz) Dimensions 119 mm × 208 mm × 30 mm (4.7 in × 8.2 in × 1.20 in) The TI-92 Plus (or TI-92+) was released in 1998, slightly after the creation of the almost-identical (in terms of software) TI-89, while physically looking exactly as its predecessor, the TI-92 (which lacked flash memory). Besides increased memory over its predecessor, the TI-92 Plus also featured a sharper "black" screen, which had first appeared on the TI-89 and which eases viewing. The TI-92 Plus was available both as a stand-alone product, and as a user-installable Plus module which could be added to original TI-92 and TI-92 II units to gain most of the feature improvements, most notably Flash Memory. A stand-alone TI-92 Plus calculator was functionally similar to the HW2 TI-89, while a module-upgraded TI-92 was functionally similar to the HW1 TI-89. Both versions could run the same releases of operating system software. As of 2002, the TI-92 Plus was succeeded by the Voyage 200 and is no longer sold through TI or its dealers.
Voyage 200 Edit
Voyage 200 Type Programmable Graphing Introduced 2002 Predecessor TI-92 Plus Calculator Entry mode D.A.L. Precision 14 Display type LCD Dot-matrix Display size 240x128 CPU Processor Motorola MC68000 Frequency 12MHz Programming Programming language(s) TI-BASIC Memory register 188 kB RAM
2.7 MB flash memory Other Power supply 4 AAAs,
1 CR1616 or CR1620 Weight 272 grams (9.6 oz) Dimensions 117 mm × 185 mm × 28 mm (4.6 in × 7.3 in × 1.10 in) Voyage 200 (also V200 and Voyage 200 PLT) was released in 2002, being the replacement for the TI-92 Plus, with its only hardware upgrade over that calculator being an increase in the amount of flash memory available (2.7 megabytes for the Voyage 200 vs. 702 kilobytes for the TI-92 Plus). It also features a somewhat smaller and more rounded case design. Like its predecessor, Voyage 200 is an advanced calculator that supports plotting multiple functions on the same graph, parametric, polar, 3D, and differential equation graphing as well as sequence representations. Its symbolic calculation system is based on a trimmed version of the calculation software Derive. In addition to its algebra and calculus capabilities, the Voyage 200 is packaged with list, spreadsheet, and data processing applications and can perform curve fitting to a number of standard functions and other statistical analysis operations. The calculator can also run most programs written for the TI-89 and TI-92 as well as programs specifically written for it. A large number of applications, ranging from games to interactive periodic tables can be found online. The V200 is easily mistaken for a PDA or a small computer because of its massive enclosure and its full QWERTY keyboard — a feature which disqualifies the calculator for use in many tests and examinations, including the American ACT and SAT.[citation needed] The TI-89 Titanium offers exactly the same functionality in a smaller format that is also legal on the SAT test, but not the ACT test.
Features Edit
Technical specifications Edit TI-92 TI-92II TI-92 Plus Voyage 200 Display 240×128 pixels 240×128 pixels 240×128 pixels CPU Motorola MC68000
10 MHz Motorola MC68000
12 MHz Motorola MC68000
12 MHz RAM 128 KB 70 KB user-available (TI-92)
256 KB 136 KB user-available (TI-92II) 256 KB
(188 KB user-available) 256 KB
(188 KB user-available) Flash ROM 1 MB ROM,
(non-upgradeable) 2 MB,
(702 KB user-available) 4 MB,
(2.7 MB user-available) Link
capability 2.5 mm I/O port 2.5 mm I/O port 2.5 mm I/O port Power 4×AA,
1×CR2032 4×AA,
1×CR2032 4×AAA,
1×CR1616 Release 1995 (TI-92)
1996 (TI-92II) 1998,1999 2002 Note. Official page specifies user-available ROM amount for TI-92 Plus as 702K,[3] but other sources specify it as 388K.[4] This is due to the TI-92+ coming with Cabri Geometry pre-installed, which uses the 314 KB difference.
See also Edit
The order immediately and temporarily blocks a provision in the legislation requiring a 72-hour waiting period for women seeking an abortion.
The ACLU of Iowa said this means women scheduled to have abortion procedures Friday will be able to receive care as scheduled.
A Polk County judge on Thursday rejected the same request.
Iowa lawmakers approved a measure April 18 banning abortions at 20 weeks with no exceptions for rape, incest or fatal fetal conditions April 18. The legislation also requires women to wait 72 hours prior to getting an abortion.
Planned Parenthood of the Heartland CEO Suzanna De Baca released a statement, saying in part: "This abortion restriction takes us back decades. It is among the harshest in the nation."
Iowa becomes one of three states with a 72-hour waiting period and two-trip requirement for abortions -- joining Missouri and South Dakota. Louisiana passed a similar law but it has been temporarily enjoined, according to the ACLU.
This weekend I've had some spare time and I've used it to take a proper look at AngularJS. I've used Backbone a lot and find myself defaulting to it as soon as a JavaScript application gets complicated. I realised that I was ignoring everything else because I already know Backbone and that's not a good place to be. Time to jump into something new.
When all you have is a hammer…
Initially I downloaded the Angular source and launched into trying to build something simple with it but I found this a really frustrating experience. I consider myself a pretty competent JS developer but nothing really worked and the concepts didn't click. Making me feel stupid is a quick way to turn me off of something.
I took a step back and realised that I was trying so hard to shoehorn what I knew about MVC from Rails and Backbone into the app that I wasn't letting myself see the bigger picture. I spent an hour watching and coding along with a tutorial video and by the end felt I really understood the basics. Just by investing a small amount of time into learning the fundamentals I'm now really productive with Angular. Making me feel smart is a great way to keep me interested in something!
In less than a day I've come to love the declarative nature of the code I'm writing. Everything is so terse and I'm spending zero time writing what I would now consider boilerplate DOM manipulation or event binding code. This is really exciting coming from a world of manual template rendering and zombie events and I love not having to think about that stuff.
Conventions
I listened to an interview with Chad Fowler this week. He spoke about how Rails is not necessarily the best web framework but it offers such a strong set of conventions and has such a strong community that it really allows you to forget about hooking an app together and just focus on the product you're trying to build.
I feel like Angular offers the same level of convention and I'm really looking forward to getting stuck into a bigger project with it. I don't want to spend my time writing glue code, clearing up old views, manually re-rendering templates on data change or writing form input handlers. I know there are libraries to handle these things in Backbone, but I also don't want to be depending on 20 plugins just to get a functioning app.
Step back
These are just my initial thoughts after playing with the framework for a day and maybe I'll change my mind after I've used it more extensively but right now I'm loving Angular and can't see myself choosing Backbone the next time I start a big front end JS project.
If you're looking to get started with Angular I'd recommend you check out the following resources:
Dan Whalin's video tutorial really helped me to get the fundamentals of Angular.
egghead.io is a great collection of screencasts covering some more specific cases.
The AngularJS project homepage (although the docs are not that beginner friendly).
Please enable JavaScript to view comments.
A judge denied bond for ex-Fairfax officer Adam D. Torres on Wednesday, who is charged with second-degree murder in the fatal shooting of an unarmed Springfield man in 2013. (WUSA9)
A judge denied bond for ex-Fairfax officer Adam D. Torres on Wednesday, who is charged with second-degree murder in the fatal shooting of an unarmed Springfield man in 2013. (WUSA9)
A former Fairfax County police officer charged with shooting and killing an unarmed Springfield, Va., man in 2013 was “deteriorating” mentally before the fatal encounter, a prosecutor said in a bail hearing Wednesday.
Adam D. Torres, who was on duty when he shot John Geer during a standoff after a domestic disturbance call, was denied bond and appeared to faint a short time later during his first court appearance on a charge of second-degree murder.
Commonwealth's Attorney Raymond F. Morrogh argued against bond, telling a Fairfax County Circuit Court judge that Torres was upset before the shooting and had told supervisors that his wife had cheated on him and traveled to Hawaii with a boyfriend.
On another occasion, Morrogh said Torres had been sent home from work because he was “upset and disoriented.” Morrogh also said Torres went home sick one day, but supervisors later learned that he was spending time with family.
The disclosures drew gasps from Torres's wife and parents, who sat in the front row of the courtroom, and Torres appeared angry and leaned over to consult with his attorney. Torres did not address the court during the hearing.
1 of 7 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The John Geer case: The moments before and after the shooting View Photos Former Fairfax County police officer Adam Torres is charged with second-degree murder in the fatal shooting of John B. Geer at his home in August 2013. Caption Former Fairfax County police officer Adam Torres is charged with second-degree murder in the fatal shooting of John B. Geer at his home in August 2013. John Geer stood with his hands raised in the doorway of his townhouse in Springfield, Va., during a standoff with Fairfax County police Aug. 29, 2013. Geer had been in an argument with his partner of 24 years and had been throwing her belongings into the front yard. Courtesy of DiMuro Ginsberg Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Morrogh did not mention it at the bond hearing, but Torres had also cursed repeatedly at one of Morrogh's assistants at the courthouse in March 2013 after a trial unrelated to the shooting. The incident prompted police brass to apologize.
At Wednesday's hearing, Morrogh said he had never seen another police shooting like Geer's.
Torres “shot a man with his hands up, and that makes him dangerous,” Morrogh said.
Torres's attorney, John Carroll, argued for setting a bond, saying his client shot Geer while carrying out his duty to protect the community. Carroll said that Geer was a threat and that Torres was not a flight risk because he had strong ties to the area. Torres grew up in Fairfax County, has two children and owns a home in Culpeper County.
“Officer Torres was duty-bound to investigate what was going on,” Carroll said. “When he finds Geer had a gun, he is further duty-bound to ensure no one gets hurt.”
The incident began on the afternoon of Aug. 29, 2013, when officers were called to Geer's home for a report of a domestic disturbance. Geer, 46, was throwing his partner's possessions on the front lawn after they had argued.
When officers approached, Geer showed them a holstered gun and said he was not afraid to use it, before placing it on the ground, officers later told investigators. An officer began negotiating with Geer to get him to leave the house, but he refused and stood in his doorway with his hands resting on top of a storm door .
Former Fairfax County police officer Adam D. Torres is shown in this police department photo released on Aug. 17, 2015. (Fairfax County Police Department/Reuters)
After 42 minutes, Torres fired a single shot at Geer, startling the other officers. Geer was hit and retreated inside the home. Police waited 70 minutes to enter the house and found Geer dead.
Carroll said in court that Torres shot Geer because he saw him quickly move his hands toward his waist, possibly to grab for a gun.
But four other officers at the scene, Geer's father and a friend, who were also there, contradicted that account in interviews with investigators and said Geer had his hands up above his shoulders when he was shot.
Judge Stephen C. Shannon said he would not grant bail to Torres because of the circumstances of the shooting and the concerns about Torres's mental state at the time of the incident.
Shortly after, as Shannon was setting a trial date, Torres appeared to faint and fell backward to the floor. He was surrounded by sheriff's deputies and was speaking to them. The hearing was suspended for about 25 minutes, and Torres was taken to a hospital. Morrogh said Torres appeared to be in good shape.
The hearing resumed without Torres, and Shannon set a Dec. 14 trial date before adjourning.
On Monday, a Fairfax special grand jury indicted Torres in Geer's killing. The county police department fired him at the end of July. Torres turned himself in shortly after the indictment.
The killing has stirred protests in Fairfax and prompted county officials to review how the police department uses force and communicates about police shootings with the public.
On Wednesday, Torres appeared in court in a green jail jumpsuit and showed little emotion during most of the hearing. Afterward, his wife and family declined to comment.
Jeff Stewart, the friend of Geer's who witnessed his shooting, said he was gratified that the legal process was finally beginning two years after his friend was killed.
“It's about time,” Stewart said. “It's been a lot of hard work. Hopefully, the process will move forward now.”
Parents didn't know where their children were for nearly an hour on Thursday, and they say the police were too busy protecting Joe Biden to help them.
Youngstown, Ohio parents vented their frustration at a bus stop to a TV reporter who was covering the vice president's visit on behalf of Hillary Clinton.
Kids arrived to their bus stop over an hour late as parents nervously waited to pick them up.
“We didn't know where our kids was,” parent Jason Riley tells WKBN.
“There were some kids that got dropped off over on the next street and they lived over here,” he says. “They weren't supposed to be over there, the lady found her kids over there and we didn't know where ours was.
Riley said the parents were “freaking out” because when they inquired with the police, he said he was told they were “protecting the vice president.”
The parent adds they were prevented from leaving their neighborhood because Biden was nearby.
“They didn't tell us that they'd be blocking the neighborhood off,” he tells the news station.
Riley says he had to park “almost a mile away” and walk to the bus stop.
He says his daughter was “scared” because she was forced to sit on the bus for an extra hour.
Thrice frontman and solo artist Dustin Kensrue finally stopped by Going Off Track to talk about what it was like to be signed to a major-label during 2002's summer of screamo, why the worship music he creates for his church shouldn't be confused with the music he creates with his band and how technology has changed the way he's able to tour and stay in touch with his family. We also talk about why he's proud of the diverse following Thrice gained, when he knew it was the right time to start playing with bandmates again and how he balances his musical and spiritual work. “I think you hear hiatus and it means break-up because so many bands say it and never come back but I wanted that distinction to be really clear because we had never thought of it as Thrice breaking up,” he says at one point during our discussion. “It was really a case of right now I need to take a break with every intention of sometime coming back to this.” We're so glad that they did.
Summary: A new study reports your hands could reveal whether you are disciplined or lack self control before a physical decision is made. The findings could shed new light on how our cognitive processes unfold to allow us to resist temptation.
Source: Ohio State University.
Study shows decision-making in real time.
It takes just a few seconds to choose a cookie over an apple and wreck your diet for the day.
But what is happening during those few seconds while you make the decision?
In a new study, researchers watched in real time as people's hands revealed the struggle they were under to choose the long-term goal over short-term temptation. The work represents a new approach to studying self-control.
In one key experiment, participants viewed pictures of a healthy and an unhealthy food choice on opposite sides of the top of a computer screen and moved a cursor from the center bottom to select one of the foods.
People who moved the cursor closer to the unhealthy treat (even when they ultimately made the healthy choice) later showed less self-control than did those who made a more direct path to the healthy snack.
“Our hand movements reveal the process of exercising self-control,” said Paul Stillman, co-author of the study and postdoctoral researcher in psychology at The Ohio State University.
“You can see the struggle as it happens. For those with low self-control, the temptation is actually drawing their hand closer to the less-healthy choice.”
The results may shed light on a scholarly debate about what's happening in the brain when humans harness willpower.
Stillman conducted the study with Melissa Ferguson, professor of psychology, and Danila Medvedev, a former undergraduate student, both from Cornell University. Their research will appear in the journal Psychological Science.
The study involved several experiments. In one, 81 college students made 100 decisions involving healthy versus unhealthy food choices.
In each trial, they clicked a “Start” button at the bottom of the screen. As soon as they did, two images appeared in the upper-left and upper-right corners of the screen, one a healthy food (such as Brussels sprouts) and the other an unhealthy one (such as a brownie).
They were told to choose as quickly as possible which of the two foods would most help them meet their health and fitness goals. So there was a “correct” answer, even if they were tempted by a less healthy treat.
Before the experiment began, the participants were told that after they finished they would be given one of the foods they chose in the experiment. At the end, however, they could freely choose whether they wanted an apple or a candy bar.
The results showed that those who chose the candy bar at the end of the experiment – those with lower self-control – had tended to veer closer to the unhealthy foods on the screen.
“The more they were pulled toward the temptation on the computer screen, the more they actually chose the temptations and failed at self-control,” Stillman said.
But for those with higher levels of self-control, the path to the healthy food was more direct, indicating that they experienced less conflict.
In two other studies, similar results occurred in a completely different scenario, in which college students could decide whether they would rather accept $25 today or $45 in 180 days. Those with lower levels of self-control had mouse trajectories that were clearly different from those with higher self-control, suggesting differences in how they were dealing with the decisions.
“This mouse-tracking metric could be a powerful new tool to investigate real-time conflict when people have to make decisions related to self-control,” he said.
The findings also offer new evidence in a debate about how decision-making in self-control situations unfolds, Stillman said.
When the researchers mapped the trajectories people took with the cursor in the first experiment, they observed that most participants did not automatically start directly toward the unhealthy treat before abruptly switching course back to the healthy food. Rather, the trajectories appear curved, as if both the temptation and goal were competing from the beginning.
Why is that important?
Some researchers have argued that there are two systems in our brain that are involved in a self-control decision: one that's impulsive and a second that overcomes the impulses to exert willpower. But if that were the case, the trajectories seen in this study should look different than they do, Stillman said.
If dual systems underlie these choices, there should be a relatively straight line toward the unhealthy food while people are under the influence of the impulsive first system and then an abrupt change in direction toward the healthy food as the system in charge of self-control kicks in.
“That's not what we found,” Stillman said. “Our results suggest a more dynamical process in which the healthy and unhealthy choices are competing from the very beginning in our brains and there isn't an abrupt change in thinking. That's why we get these curved trajectories.”
Stillman said these results should help lead to a more accurate view of how our cognitive processes unfold to allow us to resist temptation.
About this neuroscience research article
Source: Paul Stillman – Ohio State University
Image Source: NeuroscienceNews.com image is credited to Jeff Grabmeier.
Original Research: The study will appear in Psychological Science.
Cite This NeuroscienceNews.com Article
MLA
APA
Chicago Ohio State University “Your Hands May Reveal the Struggle to Maintain Self Control.” NeuroscienceNews. NeuroscienceNews, 7 July 2017.
<http://neurosciencenews.com/hands-self-control-7044/>. Ohio State University (2017, July 7). Your Hands May Reveal the Struggle to Maintain Self Control. NeuroscienceNew. Retrieved July 7, 2017 from http://neurosciencenews.com/hands-self-control-7044/ Ohio State University “Your Hands May Reveal the Struggle to Maintain Self Control.” http://neurosciencenews.com/hands-self-control-7044/ (accessed July 7, 2017).
Feel free to share this Neuroscience News.
Facebook's chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, right, applauds for the arrival of Chinese Premier Li Keqiang at a meeting at Great Hall of the People in Beijing in March. (Pool photo/Reuters)
Facebook has built an internal tool for the Chinese market that would censor posts before they appear, the New York Times reported late Tuesday.
The tool, which was tested internally but not commercially released, was intended to help Facebook get into China by complying with Chinese Internet censorship laws, the paper reported, citing unnamed current and former employees.
On Tuesday, the company did not directly address questions as to whether it built the tool. “We have long said that we are interested in China, and are spending time understanding and learning more about the country,” Facebook spokeswoman Debbie Frost said in a statement.
“However, we have not made any decision on our approach to China. Our focus right now is on helping Chinese businesses and developers expand to new markets outside China by using our ad platform.”
Facebook is one of several U.S. companies looking for a way into China's vast but tightly regulated Internet market. There are more than twice as many people online in China as there are residents of the United States, but their online activities are controlled by an extensive system of censorship known as the Great Firewall.
Carmen Chang, a longtime China expert and partner at the venture capital firm New Enterprise Associates said that the censoring tool was not surprising and that it could help Facebook make headway there. “The Chinese market is so large and so critical to so many companies that they are all seeking ways to get in and are willing to comply” with censorship, she said. “Every little bit helps them in terms of their willingness to comply, but the big reasons China is blocking Facebook remain.”
Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg has made a huge push to be in the good graces of Chinese authorities over the past two years. He has learned rudimentary Chinese and tried to forge a relationship with President Xi Jinping.
When China's former Internet czar, Lu Wei, toured Facebook's headquarters in 2014, Zuckerberg left a copy of Xi's book “The Governance of China” on a desk in plain view of the cameras.
Zuckerberg has also made repeated trips to China, becoming one of the most well-known executives to frequently visit the country. In March, he took a now-famous “smog jog” through Beijing's Tiananmen Square, braving thick, gray smog for an apparent photo op.
So far, that has earned him little by way of leeway. Facebook has been blocked in China since 2009. It runs its advertising businesses, which solicit ads from Chinese companies to run on Facebook, from Hong Kong.
Facebook is nowhere close to doing business in China, said a person who is familiar with the company's dealings there but who was not authorized to speak about the subject.
Google's search engine and Twitter are blocked in China. Google pulled out of China in 2010. Over the previous four years, the search giant had sparked criticism that it offered a censored version of its product in China. The company pulled out only after Gmail accounts of Chinese activists were hacked.
U.S. technology companies that operate in China, including LinkedIn and Evernote, have made changes to their services to comply with censorship regulations.
Tech companies, including Google, Facebook and Twitter, comply with local censorship laws and block content in many other countries. Each year, the companies publish annual transparency reports in which they enumerate the requests they receive from foreign governments to take down content.
Rauhala reported from Beijing.
Read more:
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
BERLIN (AP) — A new poll shows Germany's center-left Social Democrats nudging past Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative bloc in support for the first time in more than a decade, riding a wave of enthusiasm from their surprise nomination of a new leader.
The Ifratest poll for ARD television Friday showed the SPD with a four point gain to 32 percent, with Merkel's bloc falling 3 points to 31 percent – a difference within the margin of error of plus or minus 1.4-to-3.1 percentage points.
The SPD is enjoying a boost from the choice last month of Martin Schulz, the former president of the European Parliament, to challenge Merkel in September elections. Experts caution it's too early to tell whether the momentum will last.
The SPD is currently Merkel's junior coalition partner in government.
That was no ordinary day for Lawrence O'Donnell, renowned and globally-respected MSNBC journalist.
Today he will meet his hero – partisan gay reporter James Kirchick, who, sitting in a Swedish TV studio, bravely stood up against Putin's evil and authoritarian homophobic dictatorship during a LIVE appearance on a Kremlin propaganda machine. And what happens when a real journalist meets a real journalist on air? Right – an explosion of objectivity and balance.
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
Mr. O'Donnell loved the video. He didn't hide it. He even gave a standing ovation to Kirchick on his show. Because “it is a perfect piece of video,” he says. Because Mr. Kirchick “did a heroic job on Russian television.” Minutes before one of the most anticipated and crucial news announcements in recent years, pure heroism stepped in when Kirchick pulled on his gay-pride suspenders and started blasting off about the “horrific repression” of gay people in Russia and the “anti-propaganda law”, which, according to Kirchick, “effectively makes it illegal to talk about homosexuality in public” (but not according to the law itself, though who needs fact checking?).
When asked by Mr. O'Donnell if Kirchick had wished RT let him change the subject, the man himself explained that he was eager to talk about gay rights that night. And he did! But the evil Kremlin propaganda network would only let him speak for 2 minutes and shockingly decided to keep on discussing Manning's sentencing without Kirchick.
A true champion of free speech and a truly professional moderator (WATCH: Lawrence O'Donnell brutally interrupting and kicking his guests off air here and here) O'Donnell invited Kirchick to let him speak out in full. And the discussion was a powerful example of balanced and factual journalism.
Discussing a “meaningless Russian letter” (the one where Deputy PM reassures the IOC of non-discrimination during the Sochi Olympics), O'Donnell slashes it as “full of stupidity”. “It is illegal to say anything positive about gay people in Russia,” proclaims the host. As a true journalist, O'Donnell always knows what he is saying and is always ready to back his statements with proof. In this case, however, he restrained himself from revealing documented evidence of people being arrested for “speaking positively about gay people.”
The chorusing duo of true journalists then moved on to rip up RT itself. Kirchick, a slave to“fair and balanced” principals, accused RT of broadcasting “completely one-sided, completely staged, utterly cynical conversations” while covering gay rights in Russia (the day before, however, Kirchick proudly stated that he had never seen RT covering anti-gay laws in Russia at all). Finally, Kirchick, as a long-time expert on journalism, tried once again to shame the RT staff: “Foreign” journalists” (here, Kirchick intelligently uses quotation marks), who work for RT “are complete failures in their own countries and can't get a job at MSNBC, or CNN or BBC", which Kirchick mentions as an example of "respectable news outlets".
Well, James Kirchick has the right and standing to judge his colleagues, because he IS a respected journalist, he knows about journalism more than anyone and everything he says must be taken as gospel.
James Kirchick is a true American patriot, a reporter who always sticks to the highest standards of journalism. James Kirchick, a journalist who proclaimed Manning a traitor for putting the “lives of countless innocent people worldwide in danger” and concluded that the “punishment should be death.” When it comes to the Manning case, James Kirchick knows it is like no one else, as he personally covered it from the beginning, visiting every single hearing at Fort Meade.
James Kirchick, a journalist who states matter-of-factly that there is not a single political prisoner in the US. If James Kirchick says it, you'd better believe him ‘cause it's Mr. Kirchick, who's been thoroughly investigating issues of indefinite detention in America for years, he's been to Guantanamo prison many times and certainly knows that not a single person is, for example, being held without trial in America.
James Kirchick, a fighter for justice, who knows very well how journalists are “routinely tortured, harassed and in some cases killed by the Russian government”. He personally witnessed how gangster Putin's regime declared war on gays, signing the law “that prohibits gay couples holding hands in public.”When it comes to Russia, you can hardly argue with Kirchick, because Kirchick has been living in Russia for a long time. It is Kirchick who arrived in this country to personally investigate human rights in Russia from the inside. Because that what a true journalist does, doesn't he? But, unfortunately, he does not.
Closing down the segment, it is worth mentioning that if James Kirchick thought his stunt would help Russian gays in the fight for their rights, well, he might be shocked to know that it did not entirely work out. Many inside Russia's LGBT community, including a leading gay activist Nikolay Alekseev, found the stunt eyebrow-raising.
Funny! American journalist tried to disrupt @RT_com saying they lie about the USA. And @cnn does not lie about Russia?! — Nikolai Alexeyev (@n_alexeyev) August 22, 2013
Some say that instead of helping the struggle, he helped bolster homophobic sentiment in Russia. The next day after his sabotage of RT, this post titled “Why nobody likes gays” (instead of “gays” a Russian offensive equivalent is used) was among the top trending in the Russian blogosphere, attracting hundreds of comments and sparking a fierce debate.
Gay rights is a long-burning issue in Russia. Alekseev points out that gay pride marches have been banned since 2006 and the LGBT community will continue fighting the “hypocrisy and homophobia of the Russian state”.
But appearing LIVE on RT, he somehow manages to express himself in a sane and well-grounded manner.
Attracting the world's attention to human rights issues is one of the main tasks for journalists. But if they do it without dignity, without coherence and put themselves above others – that is the moment where they can lose face. So, I really hope you sleep well at night too, Mr. Kirchick.
Kirill Karnovich-Valua
The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT.
Stranger Things‘ pop culture dominance will also be felt at the Grammys.
Pop star Meghan Trainor announced the 2017 Grammy nominations on Tuesday, and the Netflix original show managed to snag two nods in the Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media category for its two volumes of score.
Stranger Things follows the inhabitants of a small '80s Indiana town as they investigate the supernatural disappearance of a local boy. It became a huge sensation this summer, and the eerie synth-heavy score from composers Kyle Dixon and Michael Stein was just as popular among fans as the show's nods to classic '80s movies like Stand by Me and The Thing.
“We discussed having a classic tone and feel to the music for the show but being reserved enough that it wasn't '80s cheese, while offering a refreshing quality so that felt modern,” Stein said in a statement alongside the soundtrack's August release. “This was one of the qualities that drew them to our music in the first place. Having a familiarity with classic synths worked, but with an overall forward thinking approach.”
The Grammys are set to air Feb. 12 on CBS, while Stranger Things season 2 is planned to premiere on Netflix later this year.
MUMBAI: A witness in the 2002 alleged hit-and-run case involving actor Salman Khan told a sessions court that the Bollywood star did not have a licence at the time of the incident. The RTO officer said Khan procured it only in 2004.
Special public prosecutor Pradeep Gharat said, “The witness deposed in lieu of a charge framed against Khan under the Motor Vehicles Act for not possessing a licence. The witness' cross-examination will be conducted on Tuesday.”
READ: When celebs ran into legal trouble
The witness had recorded his statement with the police earlier this month. During the hearing on January 31, Gharat wanted him as a witness. Judge D W Deshpande permitted the plea. The witness told the court that he had given Khan's licence status to the Bandra police. “As per the records, he was issued a licence on August 17, 2004. It is valid till 2015,” the witness said. The accident happened in 2002.
The prosecution also examined another witness, a police inspector, who took Khan from the Bandra police station to JJ Hospital for medical examination. Gharat said that summons to depose as a witness could not be delivered to the doctor who had conducted the post-mortem on the body of the victim who died in the incident.
“The constable who tried to deliver the summons was told that the doctor was in the US,” Gharat said. The court may begin cross-examination on Wednesday of a chemical analyst who had conducted the blood alcohol test on Khan's blood sample. The officer had deposed last week but his cross-examination was stalled following an application by Gharat, who said that under a section of the CrPC, the witness, a gazetted officer of the Forensic Science Laboratory, cannot be questioned on the process which he adopted for examination and analysis.
The Justice Department announced on Tuesday that it will not defend an Obama-era Labor Department rule that would have extended overtime benefits to more than 4 million workers after a federal judge struck it down last week.
Bloomberg BNA reported on Tuesday that the administration will drop its appeal, filed in December, signaling it agrees with the court decision.
Just In: Justice Department to drop appeal in overtime case. Judge last week killed Obama rule to make 4 million overtime eligible. pic.twitter.com/NznVlrNQyO — Chris Opfer (@ChrisOpfer) September 5, 2017
Last week, a federal judge appointed by former President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE struck down the rule, saying it improperly focused on workers' salaries instead of their job description. The rule would have forced employers to pay overtime to most salaried workers earning less than $47,476 annually. The salary cutoff for overtime pay now stands at $23,660.
The judge, Amos Mazzant, initially put the rule on hold last November. It was set to go into place on Dec. 1.
ADVERTISEMENT
The ruling was celebrated by conservative and industry groups such as the Restaurant Law Center, which represents the restaurant industry.
"The Department of Labor under the previous administration overstepped its authority in making changes to the federal overtime rule. Today's decision to invalidate the rule demonstrates the negative impacts these regulations would have had on businesses and their workers. We will continue to work with [the Department of Labor] on behalf of the restaurant industry to ensure workable changes to the overtime rule are enacted," the Restaurant Law Center said last week in a statement.
In December, the Labor Department under Obama wrote that it "strongly disagreed" with the judge's initial hold on the rule.
“We strongly disagree with the decision by the court, which has the effect of delaying a fair day's pay for a long day's work for millions of hardworking Americans,” the agency said.
“The department's overtime rule is the result of a comprehensive, inclusive rulemaking process, and we remain confident in the legality of all aspects of the rule.”
Progressive groups reacted swiftly to the Trump administration's decision. In an email, the president of American Bridge accused Trump of trying to "further rig the economy for the rich."
"Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE personally screwed over hundreds of employees by refusing to pay their overtime and now he's using the Justice Department to slash the paychecks of 4 million hard-working Americans who will not receive the overtime pay ​that ​they earn. This is Trump's latest action that is at odds with his campaign trail rhetoric, and ​it ​further shows how his economic agenda is solely designed to further rig the American economy for the rich - including Trump himself - at the expense of American workers," group president Jessica Mackler wrote.
"The American Dream is moving farther and farther out of reach of our country's workers and Donald Trump is to blame."
I saw the picture below yesterday and my heart sank. I found it here, and while the article was powerful in relation to what's going on with the large plastic dumps on either side of Hawaii, the turtle is what broke me.
I've been trying to figure out why. Maybe because I had turtles as a kid? Maybe because they're iconic to me for peaceful, laid-back creatures.1 Who knows, and who cares: the fact is that the turtle moved me to action.
Think about it for a second: That poor turtle has lived the majority of its life constricted by the plastic band. Its entire skeleton has had to restructure itself to keep the being alive. Also think about it as a metaphor of how we've altered the planet as a whole.
After being heartbroken from seeing and thinking about the turtle, another one of my frustrations and disappointments with myself came up: my omnivorism. What's the connection?
I'm starting to become more activistic about our need to be more mindful of the environment in our everyday actions. I feel torn in being a true advocate, however, when I'm aware of the toll that eating meat has on the environment. I'm not trying to leverage facts and present an argument here – I'm just drawing loose connections and may present an argument later. (Here's a start, though.)
So, while my first reaction was indignation and wanting to pick up the torch to raise awareness about this plastic dump and the turtles – by God, the turtles! – the part of me that hates cognitive dissonance and hypocrites rightly pointed out that it's inconsistent to champion the preservation of the environment while my habits are part of the problem.
Here's the deal, though: we have to start somewhere. Yes, I eat meat, and I'm working on that, for more reasons than the turtles. But it doesn't need to stop me from spreading the word about this plastic soup in our lovely oceans. Or about the plight of the turtles, birds, fish, and other assortment of animals that are living painful lives and dying painful deaths because it was just too damned inconvenient for ships to haul their trash with them.
Of course, while the plastic soup and turtle serve as the context for this particular problem, the larger issue is how much we let our personal frustrations, disappointments, and fear of being flawed beings hold us back from spreading value throughout the world. Rather than acknowledging that we have some areas to work on while we're helping others, we allow ourselves to bottle up, hide behind our perceived failings, and fret while other beings suffer.
We're not perfect, and we never will be. We have to fix this plane while we're flying it. And maybe we can save some turtles while we're at it.
: Yes, I know about alligator snapping turtles, but let's save them for another conversation involving shovels, good will, and golf courses.
So why should you care about my career and the path I took? Because in hindsight I made a lot of mistakes, and I also made some really good choices. I want to see you win, and I want to see you get the most out of your bootcamped career.
Here are my big takeaways:
Set The Bar High from the Get Go.
Before you even sit down for your first class, prepare yourself. Start reading articles about the technologies you're going to learn. Lock down in the library in your free time and start playing around with free courses online. Set yourself up to enjoy learning about the powerful tools you're going to use to build incredible things. Learn to love to learn.
Ideal First Jobs.
Consulting jobs are the perfect start to your career. They give you a wide range of experience in a bunch of different fundamentals and frameworks. You begin to see patterns in problem-solving. You pick up some awesome communication skills from dealing with a diversity of clients. They let you max out your learning and make the best use of your first year. Progressive startups can also be a great choice, but like any product-focused job it can be easy to get comfortable really quickly which is not ideal for your first year. When you're focused on one tech stack, you can miss out on the opportunity to learn a lot of different things as you do in consulting.
Don't Be Too Picky About Your First Job.
Don't be the guy or gal who shows up to your first interview like you've cracked the Grothendieck–Katz p-curvature conjecture. Go into the interview with a humble and realistic confidence. As the old saying goes, honesty is always the best policy. During your first interviews the right employer will admire your will to learn and will hire you based on your potential and how you've applied what you've learned so far. Employers want to invest long term into someone who is energetic and enthusiastic about learning. Even if the pay isn't as high as you'd like it to be, or the culture isn't a 100% fit, just keep it in mind that your first job is not your last and is not your ultimate goal. Make sure you put a focus on the previous points we touched above (did I mention that a strong learning environment is most important?), and put everything else as secondary for your first position. In a world where programmers and coders are in high demand, the market is hot and doesn't seem to be slowing down any time soon. There are so many jobs out there, especially after your first year or two of development, so be encouraged by that. You've picked an awesome industry to be a part of.
Learn Better for Success.
In July of 2015, I was stressed out of my mind. This was the best thing possible for me and what I needed most. Stress can be a really good thing. It helps us approach learning much differently.
The first year of learning is like participating in a marathon as an amateur runner surrounded by a bunch of Usain Bolts. It's easy to feel like you don't belong, and even easier to feel like you'll never know as much as the senior guy that keeps to himself in the corner of the room and codes away at things you can't even pronounce.
In August 2016, I was still stressed out of my mind. Stress can also be a really bad thing. Let's be frank. We can't sustain a life of nonstop stress. It isn't healthy, it makes us miserable outside of our 9–5, and we won't put out quality work. Consulting can be exhausting, and the term “JavaScript Fatigue” becomes more haunting every day.
So what should you do? Work as hard as you can for a year. Stress yourself out like you've never been stressed before. Set the bar as high as you possibly can. Make your employer expect the highest quality work from you. Why? Because the first year of learning is arguably the most important. You will learn so much and you will set yourself up for some really cool career milestones.
Then after your year is up and you've learned more than you ever thought you could pack into that brain of yours? Look for a new job. Yep, as simple as that. Reward yourself. You can't sustain working that way for your whole life, so it's time to break things off and move on. When you land your next job, turn the dial back a bit. Keep putting out quality work, never stop learning, but make sure you now put a focus on keeping life as stress-free as you possibly can. I can't tell you how many people who graduated from my program are on the brink of burning out just after two years. They're living every day to sustain the lifestyle of a junior developer trying to prove their worth to their colleagues and their employer. I can see the exhaustion in their eyes whenever I talk to them. Meanwhile, I'm taking 15-minute stress-free gym breaks, or doing coffee runs with my colleagues in between getting work done. It doesn't mean I don't work hard, that's not the point of this. I just work a lot differently now and think about the tasks at hand in new ways. The skills and fundamentals I learned in my first year were invaluable and allow me to build things better, more efficiently, and ultimately allow me to enjoy what I do every single day. Approaching my career this way has pushed me to be self-aware in terms of what works for me and what doesn't work for me. So take the time to learn things properly, use stress as a motivator early on, and get out of the habit of lazy learning or taking the easy way out.
Build Stuff You Want To.
During weekends and in your free time during your first year, don't stop building. Try to fill as much time with learning concepts through building things that solve day-to-day problems for you, or things that you enjoy. Maybe you really like blackjack. Try to build a blackjack game from the ground up. Or maybe you like going to the gym. Try to build something to keep track of your exercise or diet progress. It doesn't even matter if it's been built by a thousand other developers. Use everything as inspiration, and never stop putting your skills to the test. Push boundaries and break stuff.
Build a Support Group.
You can't do it alone. Every developer needs someone to lean on and draw inspiration from. Go to meet ups. Get to know developers in other departments or at other companies. Don't be afraid to ask questions. Take advantage of tools like Slack or Twitter to connect to people. Have other developers in your life to hold you accountable to your goals. You're not in this alone, and you don't have to be.
It's the end of 2013, so let's look back and dish out some prizes to Australia's good, bad and ugly. And the winners are ...
Sarah Palin golden globe for contribution to understanding of foreign affairs
Awarded to Stephanie Banister, the 27-year-old candidate for the One Nation party who withdrew from the electoral race after an interview with Channel 7 made her a laughing stock throughout Australia.
Banister kicked off by saying "I don't oppose Islam as a country, but I do feel that their laws should not be welcome here in Australia," claiming that 2% of Australians "follow haram". This term means forbidden in Arabic – presumably she meant sharia law.
Banister went on to say that while she would ban halal food, kosher fare would be allowed. "Jews aren't under haram, they have their own religion which follows Jesus Christ," she added by way of explanation.
As her press officers no doubt made the throat-slitting motion, Banister then described the national disability insurance scheme, which does not begin until after 2016, as a policy that was "working at the moment".
Most spectacular memory loss
When Jaymes Diaz told reporter John Hill of Channel 10 news that “We have a six-point plan to make sure that we stop the boats", he might have predicted that Hill would ask him what the six points were.
Fortunately for viewers of a joyous video that went viral around the world, he hadn't. And the more times (eight in all) that Hill asked him to name them, the more it was evident that the Liberal candidate for Greenway didn't have a clue.
When conversation mercifully turned to other topics, Diaz was equally sketchy on other aspects of the Coalition manifesto, including Direct Action, the “green army” and immigration – at which point a minder stepped in and ended the interview. "We're for families," Diaz said plaintively as he was strongarmed to his car. Which brings us to ...
Most poetic end to a car crash campaign
On election night, as news spread of the "six pointless plan" man's defeat in the polls, Diaz's brother Jayson managed to crash the campaign van into a car park pillar, prompting the suggestion: "Perhaps he was trying to make a six-point turn."
Putting it on the record award for press relations
Nationals senator Ron Boswell seemed displeased when, at the height of the inquiry into politicians' expenses, Guardian reporter Oliver Laughland phoned him to inquire why he had spent $1,297.27 of taxpayers' money on valet parking his car.
"If you want to run a story on that, you'll make yourself look like the greatest dickhead of all time," said the senator. When Laughland asked if that was on the record, Boswell assured him that it was.
Body beautiful of the year
The climax of the State of Origin rugby league match was thrown into chaos when 33-year-old Wati Holmwood streaked across the pitch "like a very slow bolt of buttery lightning", as our report put it. A try Queensland scored in the chaos was disallowed, though they still won as they were leading NSW by two points.
"I'm sorry, I apologise about what happened. Am I in trouble now?" Holmwood asked a Daily Telegraph reporter. "It all happened so quickly, I don't know what was going through my head. I just wanted to make it interesting but I stuffed up Origin. A lot of people hate me now."
Mind you, he looked pretty happy at the time.
James Dean memorial award for living fast and dying young
Swino the drunken pig sleeping it off. Photograph: AAP Image/Supplied by Main Roads WA
Campers at the DeGrey River rest area, east of the Western Australian town of Port Hedland in the Pilbar, were startled to be woken in the night by a wild pig. The swine had stolen – and drunk – three six-packs of beer before going on the hunt for food, involving the demolition of several tents and rubbish bins. The hog was later seen being chased around a car by a disgruntled cow and recklessly swimming in the river before passing out under a tree.
Sadly, Swino (as he became known) met a sticky end under a truck three weeks later. But for those few days, he was an Aussie hero.
The golden lobster claws of sisterhood
Liberal senator Michaelia Cash took political rhetoric to new heights of hysteria in June. Ignoring warnings over her decibel level, Cash painted a bloodcurdling picture of Labor's "sisterhood" who had, she said "stabbed one of their own in the back" during the defenestration of Julia Gillard.
"The sisterhood stabbing one of their own in the back. You've always got to like that, don't you?" hollered Cash. "When the sisterhood stab one of their own in the back … I wonder how loud former prime minister Gillard screamed when her own sisterhood knifed her in the back and took her out."
Cash then went into the realms of gothic horror when she described the unassuming Labor finance minister Penny Wong as "sitting reaping the spoils of the victory, drinking from the chalice of blood". It certainly did little to dissipate the toxic atmosphere around gender politics in Australia this year. Speaking of which ...
Back-to-the-50s golden scissors award
"He must be gay, he's a hairdresser," said Howard Sattler to Julia Gillard, asking about partner Tim Mathieson live on air. "It's not me saying it, it's what people are saying," he added.
Coming the day after the notorious menu at the Liberal fundraising dinner that boasted "Julia Gallard Kentucky friend quail: small breasts, huge thighs and a big red box", it all evoked a right-wing fantasy of a pre-feminist Australia populated by limp-wristed crimpers and sheilas who knew their place.
Most mysterious retention of job
This goes to Collingwood president Eddie McGuire, who suggested on Melbourne's Triple M breakfast show that Adam Goodes, the heroic Sydney Swans player and Indigenous Australian, would be a good choice to promote King Kong the musical. The week before, Goodes had been racially abused on the pitch by a girl who called him an ape.
“People don't resign for a slip of the tongue,” said McGuire, who in 2011 called an area of western Sydney "the land of the falafel" and the year before described male skaters competing in the winter Olympics not leaving "anything in the closet".
Suppository of wisdom award for clarity of communication
Suppository of wisdom ... Scott Morrison speaks during a press conference in Sydney. Photograph: William West/AFP/Getty Images
Given to Scott "operational matters" Morrison, who on 5 November told a press conference that there were “no unaccompanied minors on Manus Island”, then hours later was forced to admit that two teenage boys, who had spoken to the Guardian about their plight that week, were there after all.
“At my press conference today I stated that I understood there were no unaccompanied minors currently located on Manus Island as I had been under the impression they had been transferred to an alternate facility. “I can subsequently confirm that there are still two unaccompanied minors on Manus, who were transferred there by the previous government. I have instructed that they be relocated to Christmas Island as soon as possible.”
You can read the less than enlightening ways in which Morrisson addressed the issue at the press conference here.
Most inventive way to say "I quit"
The Sunday Telegraph crossword containing the hidden phrase 'Murdoch is evil', highlighted in blue.
The compiler of the Harry the Dog word search in the Sunday Telegraph (proprietor: Rupert Murdoch), who included the phrase "Murdoch is evil" backwards.
Golden library card award for meticulous research
Environment minister Greg Hunt cited Wikipedia to dismiss a link between bushfires and climate change. Photograph: Alan Porritt/AAP
Environment minister Greg Hunt reassured the listeners of the BBC's Newshour programme that he knew there wasn't any link between climate change and the bushfires then ravaging the Blue Mountains because he'd read it on Wikipedia.
Another golden moment came when interviewer Razia Iqbal quoted Tony Abbott's claim that climate science is "crap".
Hunt said: ''Look, with great respect, you can swear on international radio, you can invite me from Australia to do this, you can be profoundly rude, I'm happy to answer but I'm not going to be sworn at."
''Mr Hunt, I'm merely quoting your prime minister,'' came the reply.
Voice of reason award
Cory Bernardi warned same-sex marriage would open the floodgates to bestiality. Photograph: Alan Porritt/AAP
Liberal senator Cory Bernardi, who said that allowing same-sex marriage would lead to polygamy and bestiality becoming acceptable throughout Australia.
"The next step, quite frankly, is having three people or four people that love each other being able to enter into a permanent union endorsed by society – or any other type of relationship," Bernardi declared.
"There are even some creepy people out there ... [who] say it is OK to have consensual sexual relations between humans and animals. Will that be a future step? In the future will we say, 'These two creatures love each other and maybe they should be able to be joined in a union?' I think that these things are the next step."
He resigned as Tony Abbott's parliamentary secretary amid the ensuing mayhem
Old man yells at clouds award
Given to the Australian newspaper for this magnificently pompous editorial complaining about the "callow reporters and trainee talking heads" dominating the Australian media. "We can see the crude results in the way the Abbott government is being portrayed as bad, mad and chaotic by the baby faces in the press gallery and beyond," it averred.
The editorial had "a haunting and beautiful fragility to it", decided Ben Jenkins of Junkee. "Like an old man with his bathrobe tangled in a bush."
Most boneheaded sporting celebration
Awarded to St Kilda football club, who marked the end of the AFL season by setting a dwarf on fire. Blake Johnson, who had been hired as part of the evening's entertainment, was talking to some players when another set his clothes alight with an oven igniter. Though he laughed when he first heard about the allegations – he claimed in shock – AFL chief Andrew Demetriou described the incident as "reprehensible".
Services to women's sport
The Socceroos' victory over Jordan in June was somewhat soured by remarks by their German-born coach Holger Osieck at the post-match press conference.
First he told an organiser "You push me around like my wife." Then he informed the roomful of journalists that there was a German phrase which translated as "women should shut up in public".
As the audience gasped and Osieck noted his remarks were being recorded, he added: "I am going to be the darling of all Australian wives." Erm ...
Worst dance moves
It's safe to say that twerking would not have been one of the world's most popular search terms this year if it had been left to Clive Palmer rather than Miley Cyrus. He performed the dance move on the Kyle and Jackie O show on 2Day FM. Even more scarily, the billionaire-turned-politician was elected.
The most #straya crime report
A man rides his motorised esky near Tuff street at the Summernats festival in Canberra. Photograph: Lukas Coch/AAP
"A man has escaped conviction and kept his drivers' licence after driving a motorised esky to McDonald's while drunk on pineapple vodkas and low-carb beers."
Bromance of the year
Dreamy ... Tony Abbott during question time at parliament house. Photograph: Daniel Munoz/AAP
The Australian's foreign editor Greg Sheridan went to Sydney University with Tony Abbott, before Abbott went to Oxford as a Rhodes scholar and did not do very well in his degree.
Sheridan has written extensively about Abbott, and the pair are still close. The Monthly cut and pasted his musings into a piss-taking account of their "bromance for the ages". Here are some choice lines:
Abbott was my best friend … We talked over everything. The meaning of life, the purpose of politics, who'd win the rugby league grand final, what girls we planned to ask out, petty squabbles we might have had with our parents. [12 September 2012] Abbott is brave as a lion. [22 July 2010] The speeches he works on most show the beneficial effect of an Oxford education. [21 July 2012] To say the Syrian conflict involves “baddies versus baddies” is almost technical in the precision of its accuracy. [3 September 2013] There is no scenario under which Indonesia could plausibly object to Tony Abbott's boats turn-around policy. [8 July 2013]
The craftiest rope-a-dope sporting tactic
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Australian team celebrates Ashes victory in the changing rooms at Perth. Photograph: Ryan Pierse/Getty Images
In a memorable few months stretching from June to August, the Australian cricket team were world beaters in incompetence. If they weren't brawling in low-rent theme pubs, they were being thrashed by the English in increasingly new and interesting ways.
Fast forward a few months though, and the truth was revealed. It was one huge confidence trick played on the Poms. Australia were in fact brilliant: and won back the Ashes in just 14 days of cricket. David Warner was a snarling, aggressive opener; Mitchell Johnson the fastest thing this side of an F1 circuit; Ryan Harris a shambling genius and, most shocking of all: Michael Clarke and Shane Watson actually seemed to like each other.
Most untoward use of a wine glass
Peter Dowling has a way with wine. Photograph: peterdowling.com.au
Other politicians round the world had sexted, but Peter Dowling, chair of the Queenland parliament's ethics committee, gave it a new twist by sending his lover a picture of his penis dunked in a glass of red wine. Another picture featured him appearing to drink the wine – well, it would have been a shame to waste it. Sadly for him, the pictures made it to the media, and Dowling resigned amid international hilarity.
Geri Halliwell award for services to shortlived comebacks
Who else but Kevin Rudd: from Prime Minister to retirement in a few short months. "Gotta zip," was his final catchphrase. And then he did ...
Inside Time
Sign in to add to Watchlist
This short documentary is a portrait of Stephen Reid, a notorious member of the “Stopwatch Gang” known for robbing cars, airports, and banks. Reid reflects on the events and choices that brought him to this moment; a moment that causes him to analyze time and has made him acutely conscious of the here and now.
According to Stephen Reid, who's serving an 18 year prison sentence, when you plan and execute a robbery it means time: whether it means you're caught and sent to prison or it means you're shot and killed.
Sexually molested for years by the very men that should have been protecting him, Reid admits he got stuck at age 11 when something was stolen from his childhood. This event changed his sense of time and set him on a pathway of drugs and crime.
Stephen Reid would walk into a bank and just observe people's schedules and times for hours. During his robberies he always carried a stopwatch hanging from his neck. Reid seldom used it, though because he relied heavily on his internal clock.
After escaping prison repeatedly and getting caught, Stephen Reid found the definition of “escape”: temporary relief from circumstances. In that moment he was compelled to chronicle his past–tell his story.
Valve are introducing a new Steam feature that lets you manage your library and trigger remote downloads from anywhere in the world! Anywhere with an internet connection and browser that is. The feature is currently available via the new Beta client. To get involved, just click File/Settings from within Steam and get downloading. Expect the feature to hit the main Steam client soon.
This means you could feasibly spot a bargain while browsing PCGamer.com in work and start it downloading on your home machine within seconds. You can even check the status of your downloads throughout the afternoon, making it a lot easier to accurately plan your evening's entertainment and maximise your fun-time.
For even more instruction, check Valve's dedicated Steam Support page . Thanks to RPS for pointing out the original Steam beta discussion .
Galli -
WILKES-BARRE — Helen Galli will soon return home to her son.
Galli, 84, was in the midst of a 5½-to-12-year state prison stay after a jury found she handed Victor Galli a drink laced with anti-freeze and encouraged him to give it to his girlfriend.
But fresh off a successful appeal of her conviction, Galli on Wednesday walked out of the Luzerne County Correctional Facility a free woman following a county judge's decision hours earlier.
Luzerne County Judge Fred A. Pierantoni III ordered Galli's bail set at $25,000 following a brief hearing in Luzerne County Court at which Galli, clad in an orange jumpsuit, testified she planned to return home to Wyoming to live with her son.
Galli committed aggravated assault when she laced a glass of Juicy Juice and ordered Victor Galli to give it to Dawn Simyan, a jury found in October 2013.
Prosecutors said she intentionally poisoned Simyan on March 31, 2010, because she was jealous of Simyan's relationship with Victor Galli and was drawn to his money, specifically a $1 million natural gas lease he signed.
Defense attorneys argued that Simyan poisoned herself in a bid to gain attention from Victor Galli, jealous of how close he was with his mother.
Simyan suffered severe medical problems from the poisoning but survived to take the stand during Galli's trial, testifying that Victor Galli handed her the drink and said, “My mother said, ‘Drink this. It will make you feel better.'”
The statement became a focal point of Galli's appeal.
Attorney Al Flora Jr., at an appeal hearing in July, argued Galli's trial attorney, Joseph Sklarosky Sr., was ineffective for not challenging the hearsay statement linking Galli to the mixed drink. Pierantoni sided with Flora and granted Galli, who previously lost an appeal before the state Superior Court, a new trial.
Prosecutors said they would appeal the decision.
Flora petitioned Pierantoni to set bail following the judge's ruling, saying Galli was in poor health.
Galli, who was most recently jailed at State Correctional Institution at Muncy, testified she broke her hip and femur during a stay at another state prison. She said she takes numerous pain medications and her only income is a monthly $1,000 Social Security check, which she hasn't received since she's been behind bars.
“Given her age, current state of health and the fact she was on bail previously, there's really no indication she poses any kind of flight risk,” Flora argued in court Wednesday.
Assistant District Attorney Jim McMonagle urged Pierantoni to set bail at an amount on par with Galli's previous bail, set at $25,000 ahead of her trial, due to the nature of the charges.
“One can even argue it was an attempted murder,” McMonagle said of the allegations.
In addition to setting bail, Pierantoni ordered Galli to have no contact with Simyan upon release.
Galli https://www.timesleader.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/web1_galli-4.jpg Galli
Galli, 84, released from prison
By Joe Dolinsky [email protected]
Reach Joe Dolinsky at 570-991-6110 or on Twitter @JoeDolinskyTL
Reach Joe Dolinsky at 570-991-6110 or on Twitter @JoeDolinskyTL
Image caption Different forms of the Chinese language have developed in mainland China and Taiwan
A Taiwanese visitor to mainland China was shocked to see sliced "tu dou" on a menu. The word means peanut in Taiwan - but potato in mainland China.
A Taiwanese professor ordering coffee at a Beijing cafe was asked if he wanted a "coffee companion" - China's way of saying cream.
The stunned academic thought they wanted him to hire a hostess to keep him company. He told the waitress: "I didn't bring enough money."
Taiwan and China may share the same linguistic heritage - like Britain and the United States - but more than six decades of separation and political tensions have led to the Chinese language evolving in very different ways on each side; sometimes causing confusion, frustration or embarrassment.
Relations have been improving since 2008 and in the past year, the two former foes have been working on a first-ever joint dictionary that will encompass their different ways of writing and speaking Chinese.
The dictionary, named the Great Chinese Dictionary, will be free and put online.
A preliminary version containing more than 28,000 commonly used words and phrases will be unveiled by the end of this year, while a more comprehensive version will be available by 2015.
The project could help tens of million of non-native speakers studying Chinese worldwide. China's rise has made Mandarin Chinese a top choice for foreign language study.
But for Taiwan and China, the dictionary is aimed at bridging the language gap that has risen due to the two sides being ruled separately since the end of the Chinese civil war in 1949, and even as far back as 1895 when Japan colonised the island.
Language gap
One of the biggest differences is that China, starting in the 1950s, has required its people to use simplified Chinese characters to raise literacy. Taiwan continues to use traditional characters, which have more strokes, insisting they best represent the culture behind the language.
When it comes to speaking, while both sides use Mandarin Chinese as the official dialect, they say even simple words like rice, hot water, and panda differently - "mi fan," "bai kai shui," and "xiong mao" in China, versus "bai fan," "re shui" and "mao xiong" in Taiwan.
These differences might seem slight, but some are not. In China, you refer to your spouse as your "ai ren", but that means your lover in Taiwan.
Some words have been created on one side but not the other because of the influence of local dialects and each side's unique history.
For example - "dong xuan" means frozen garlic in China, but in Taiwan it's a slang derived from the widely spoken Minan dialect and means winning an election.
And the word for boxed lunch is "bian dang" in Taiwan, borrowed from the Japanese word "bento" during Japan's colonial rule, but in China it's "he fans" - literally box rice.
There are also variations in tones. And each side uses different characters to translate new scientific, medical and English terms, as well as names of important foreign places and people.
Such differences can sometimes cause confusion even at a high level.
On a groundbreaking visit to China in 2005, Taiwan's current ruling party Kuomintang's then-chairman Lien Chan used the phrase "yuan jing", meaning a positive goal for the future, to express his hopes for good bilateral ties.
Chinese journalists had no idea what he meant because they had never heard of the phrase.
Character debate
As interaction between China and Taiwan increases, people wonder which side will win out on the language front.
Will Taiwan move towards its giant neighbour's way of writing and speaking, or will the small island, which prides itself on being the repository of traditional Chinese culture, have more influence over China?
In terms of numbers, China has a clear upper hand. Besides its population of 1.3 billion, an estimated 40 million non-Chinese nationals are learning simplified characters, with more than 200,000 studying in China.
[The Chinese] spend a lot of money and time trying to simplify more characters each year, but the scholars want to stop the simplification Constance Lin, Mandarin teacher in Taiwan
In contrast, only around 30 million people use traditional characters daily - mostly in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau - that's only about 2% of Chinese speakers. And only about 12,500 foreigners come to Taiwan to study traditional Chinese each year.
To counter this trend, Taiwan has stepped up scholarships and marketing. It plans to open its version of the British Council beginning this year. And its top school for teaching foreigners Chinese - the National Taiwan Normal University (NTNU) - recently launched a free internet-based Chinese learning programme to encourage more people to learn traditional Chinese.
There is also growing interest among Chinese people in traditional Chinese culture, including the language.
Increasingly, they wonder for example how the simplified word for love can be missing the character for heart, and the word for noodle the character for wheat. Both are included in the traditional versions.
Many Chinese also prefer to use traditional characters to print their names on business cards.
Not only do the characters look better - they are like pictures that provide clues to the philosophy and evolution of Chinese words. For example, "armed forces" is made up of the words "stop" and "fighting" - as militaries were seen as tools to stop wars.
There is even growing resistance against simplification among Chinese linguists tasked with simplifying more characters, said Constance Lin, a Mandarin teacher at NTNU.
"They spend a lot of money and time trying to simplify more characters each year, but the scholars want to stop the simplification; they are urging the government to slowly return to standard characters," said Lin.
"You won't see this reported by China's media, but that's what the scholars are telling us."
Mainland students are beginning to come to Taiwan to learn traditional Chinese. And other than Singapore and Malaysia, traditional Chinese is more commonly used in overseas Chinese communities.
'Confusion'
At the same time, however, simplified characters are increasingly appearing in Taiwan. Many Taiwanese use them when handwriting. Even the first character for the word Taiwan is often written in the easier-to-write way.
To cater to the more than 1.5 million Chinese tourists now visiting Taiwan each year, many Taiwanese hotels, shops and even government agencies put out brochures, signs and menus in simplified Chinese.
Image caption Will pupils in the future be typing rather than handwriting Chinese characters?
It remains to be seen whether the dictionary, which will be presented in both traditional and simplified Chinese, will have an impact on the two sides' language rift.
For now, all agreements signed between them - including a landmark free trade agreement - are printed in simplified Chinese for China, and traditional Chinese for Taiwan.
Taiwan's former premier Liu Chao-shiuan, who's heading the dictionary project, says the goal is not to convert one side to the other's way of writing or speaking, but to create a database of words and let the users decide "on both sides of the Taiwan Strait and for all the people who want to learn Chinese".
Ultimately, technology and need may be the decisive factors in the simplified versus traditional debate. Students in China and Taiwan are increasingly typing rather than handwriting. Even students at the best universities sometimes can't remember how to write certain characters.
At a Taipei primary school, a teacher recently gave a lesson on how Chinese words originated from drawings of what they represented.
But despite the students' excitement at guessing what the words were based on their pictures, at the end of the lesson, several students bemoaned the difficulties of writing Chinese.
"I don't really like to write Chinese characters; it's very tiring," said eight-year-old Lee Mi. In a few years, she will be handing in her homework typed.
But technology may also help spread the use of traditional Chinese characters, said Tsao Feng-fu, a distinguished linguistics professor.
"Complex characters will still retain their usage and advantage because in the future we'll need to write less, so simplified characters will not be as important," Tsao said.
A lot of material will be in digital form and traditional Chinese can be typed as easily as simplified Chinese. That means mainland Chinese people can read traditional characters and still handwrite using simplified characters, Tsao said.
That's what President Ma says he is hoping for - the joint dictionary was his idea.
Last year, he also advocated the two sides reach an agreement on the teaching of traditional and simplified characters in schools.
Although that sparked accusations from the opposition and Ma's own party that he was trying to spread simplified characters in Taiwan, he said he was actually hoping to influence Chinese people to learn traditional characters so that traditional Chinese will flourish again in China.
Activision/Blizzard's second quarter financial results release shows that there is good reason for the tremendous amount of excitement surrounding Destiny.
The quarterly report makes very exciting news for investors and fans of the game in general. “…we believe [Destiny] will be the largest new intellectual property launch in videogame history…” the release reported
The company states that current pace for preorders is “tracking towards an industry record.” With 4.6 million gamers playing just the beta (the largest new console IP beta ever), the company will almost certainly reach their expectations.
With the confidence from the developer and the wide-spread fondness for the game from fans, Activision Publishing CEO Eric Hirshberg spoke to the company's plan to move forward with Destiny.
“we learned a lot by watching players engage with the game and hearing their feedback and Bungie is now making tweaks to optimize the game … I would describe these as tweaks and not major changes as we saw the fundamentals of the game to be very strong.”
Hirshberg also noted that feedback for the game was “nearly universally positive.” So for the very few fans that may have any gripes with the game and were hoping for change, you're likely going to be let down.
However for the rest of Destiny fans, the hype for the September 9th release of the FPS is very much justified.
The notion that tonight should have been about ripping the bark off the president seems to me misplaced. No one needs to be persuaded that the country is on the wrong track. We have endured one of the worst presidencies in American history, a stalling economy, and a war that was as deceptively packaged as it was poorly executed. The wrong track number is at 80 percent. What was necessary tonight was rebutting the only real weapon the Republicans have: dragging Obama into the mud, throwing every extremist attack they can at him, painting him as a commie, alien, anti-American freak. For good measure, they had tried to paint Michelle as an angry black radical.
They failed. There was nothing more American than the way the Obamas spoke of their story. It made them more appealing to the white working class and the black working class. It defused the smears. And, taken as whole, it also gave the Democrats some good feeling with the Kennedys.
There was plenty I didn't like about this night, as you can tell if you scroll down. But it succeeded in the most important task. Michelle did it. She more than did it. She struck fear in the GOP tonight. Their lies about the Obamas will fail. As they should.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
In the last two years, rapid urbanization and changing weather patterns have lead to major flash floods in Singapore.
"[It] can be safely presumed that the weather patterns in Singapore have changed," said Singapore's Minister for the Environment and Water Resources last year after a flash flood where in one day Singapore received 77 percent of the amount of rainfall that usually falls in June. "It is very likely that our drainage systems will have to be redesigned to cope with such intense flashes."
Singapore convened a panel to come up with the best options for dealing with flash floods and stormwater runoff. Their suggestion? Not an overhaul of the drainage system, but rooftop gardens.
Big infrastructure projects are costly and take time to replace. And while the upgrading the drainage system is likely necessary, the panel suggests a quick fix to Singapore: require rooftop gardens on all new and retrofitted buildings. Rooftop gardens don't just add beauty to the city, they can also play a big role in mitigating floods by reducing and slowing stormwater runoff and filtering pollutants.
But it's not just rooftop gardens, Singapore's Today reports:
These measures are to be complemented with diversion canals, storage tanks along "pathways" of drains, drain capacity improvements, and finally, flood barriers, raised platform levels - some of which is already being done, but "could be carried further", noted Prof Balmforth.
The panel also suggested storage tanks, rain gardens, and porous pavement.
Photo: HenryLeongHimWoh/Flickr
Urbanisation has led to increase in storm water run-off: Expert panel [Today]
This post was originally published on Smartplanet.com
Impossible Foods
Veggie burgers come in various kinds, and can be utterly delicious -- but they're no real substitute for their meat counterparts, if that's the burger experience you're looking for.
Meet the Impossible Cheeseburger. Its creator, Stanford biochemistry professor Patrick Brown, developed the burger out of nothing but plant ingredients, and looks just like the real thing.
Apparently, it also tastes like real meat -- and has a similar texture, according to the Wall Street Journal, which described it as a flavour cross between beef and turkey, leaving a blood-like moisture on the plate. It is also "slightly lighter, perhaps even fluffier, than a typical burger and it tastes less bloody. But the bites still have the consistency of animal tissue. It isn't overly spongy like tofu. Instead, the meat granules cling together, as one would expect in a burger."
This is achieved using a chemical compound known as heme -- a protein that can both be found in haemoglobin, the red pigment in blood, and the roots of nitrogen-fixing plants. These plants -- which include legumes -- are unable to extract nitrogen from the air on their own, so they enlist the aid of symbiotic bacteria called rhizobia, which live in their root nodules. These bacteria help the plants extract and store nitrogen.
Heme also contains iron which, when exposed to oxygen, turns red -- just like blood -- and also creates those meat flavours.
"[Heme] is basically 99 percent of the secret to meat flavor. Heme is the molecule that makes meat taste like meat. It's the reason meat tastes like nothing else. It's the reason why red meat, which has more heme, tastes meatier to people than white meat," Brown said.
Brown has created his own company, Impossible Foods, and hopes to inspire real change in the way we eat by offering a more sustainable alternative to meat, which consumes massive land and water resources and contributes significantly to greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.
"[Meat farming] has terribly destructive environmental consequences and many scientists and doctors believe it's intrinsically unhealthy to eat meat," he said. "We have to effectively reinvent a whole system for producing food -- the end result being an unbelievably delicious product that can compete successfully against a product that people have loved for thousands of years."
Impossible Foods is not the only company seeking a solution. Last year, Mark Post of Maastricht University in the Netherlands unveiled meat grown in a lab from cow cells. Unlike Post's burger, though, which cost €250,000 to make, one of Brown's burgers costs a mere $20 to make.
Impossible Foods has secured $75 million in venture capital -- including funding from Google Ventures and Bill Gates -- so it may be possible that we see his veggie burgers on supermarket shelves in the not-too-distant future, as well as other vegetable-based meat substitutes.
Granular Academy, Ableton Live Course in Dubai, Electronic Music Production Course in Dubai, EDM Workshops, DJ Course in Dubai, DJ Academy in Dubai. Music Production Dubai, Granular Academy, Ableton Live Dubai, Music Production Dubai, Electronic Music Production Workshops, Learn DJ, Music Production Workshops, Media Seminars, Electronic Music Production Dubai, Dj Course Dubai, Music Production Dubai, Ableton Live Dubai, Live Performance Dubai, Music Production Studio Dubai, Mastering Studio Dubai, Learn to DJ in Dubai, Learn music production in Dubai, learn how to produce music in Dubai, learn ableton live Dubai, Granular Academy, Dubai Ableton User Group, Electronic Music Production Courses, EDM Workshops, DJ Courses, Media Seminars, Creative Artist Networking, Dubai Ableton User Group, dj academy Dubai, dj course in Dubai,how to produce music, audio production dubai, electronic music lessons, dj lessons dubai, dj training dubai, ableton music production courses in dubai,A DUBAI BASED PLATFORM FOR CREATIVE COLLABORATION, A TECHNOLOGY BASED ELECTRONIC MUSIC WORKSHOP WITH ABLETON LIVE, Music Production Dubai, Granular Academy, Ableton Live Dubai, Music Production Dubai, Electronic Music Production Workshops, Learn DJ, Music Production Workshops, Media Seminars, A technology based electronic music workshop by Granular,A Dubai based platform for creative collaboration,electronic music composition course,producting music with ableton live, dubai dj academy, ableton live classes,ableton live course Dubai Ableton meetup, Dubai Ableton producers, Dubai Ableton, max for live, max for live tutorials, ableton live tutorials, mixing course, dubai mixing course, dubai mastering course, dubai mastering tutorials, Dubai music production, Ableton Dubai Music, Learn to produce music, how to make music, studio production dubai, recording studio dubai, record label dubai, record label in dubai, music record label in dubai, Electronic Dance Music Dubai, EDM Dubai, EDM course, CDJ pioneer course dubai, CDJ tutorials, dj tutorials, mixing turorials, mastering tutorials, music production tutorials,Music Production Dubai,Electronic Music Production Course in Dubai
Check Point Threat Intelligence and research teams recently discovered a high volume Chinese threat operation which has infected over 250 million computers worldwide. The installed malware, Fireball, takes over target browsers and turns them into zombies. Fireball has two main functionalities: the ability of running any code on victim computers–downloading any file or malware, and hijacking and manipulating infected users' web-traffic to generate ad-revenue. Currently, Fireball installs plug-ins and additional configurations to boost its advertisements, but just as easily it can turn into a prominent distributor for any additional malware.
This operation is run by Rafotech, a large digital marketing agency based in Beijing. Rafotech uses Fireball to manipulate the victims' browsers and turn their default search engines and home-pages into fake search engines. This redirects the queries to either yahoo.com or Google.com. The fake search engines include tracking pixels used to collect the users' private information. Fireball has the ability to spy on victims, perform efficient malware dropping, and execute any malicious code in the infected machines, this creates a massive security flaw in targeted machines and networks.
KEY FINDINGS
Check Point analysts uncovered a high volume Chinese threat operation which has infected over 250 million computers worldwide, and 20% of corporate networks.
The malware, called Fireball, acts as a browser-hijacker but can be turned into a full-functioning malware downloader. Fireball is capable of executing any code on the victim machines, resulting in a wide range of actions from stealing credentials to dropping additional malware.
Fireball is spread mostly via bundling i.e. installed on victim machines alongside a wanted program, often without the user's consent.
The operation is run by Chinese digital marketing agency.
Top infected countries are India (10.1%) and Brazil (9.6%)
Figure 1: Fireball Infection Flow
250 MILLIONS MACHINES AND 20% OF CORPORATE NETWORKS WORLDWIDE INFECTED
The scope of the malware distribution is alarming. According to our analysis, over 250 million computers worldwide have been infected: specifically, 25.3 million infections in India (10.1%), 24.1 million in Brazil (9.6%), 16.1 million in Mexico (6.4%), and 13.1 million in Indonesia (5.2%). The United States has witnessed 5.5 million infections (2.2%).
Based on Check Point's global sensors, 20% of all corporate networks are affected . Hit rates in the US (10.7%) and China (4.7%) are alarming;but Indonesia (60%), India (43%) and Brazil (38%) have much more dangerous hit rates.
Another indicator of the incredibly high infection rate is the popularity of Rafotech's fake search engines. According to Alexa's web traffic data, 14 of these fake search engines are among the top 10,000 websites, with some of them occasionally reaching the top 1,000.
Figure 2: Fireball Global Infection Rates (darker pink = more infections)
Ironically, although Rafotech doesn't admit it produces browser-hijackers and fake search engines, it does (proudly) declare itself a successful marketing agency, reaching 300 million users worldwide – coincidentally similar to our number of estimated infections.
Figure 3: Rafotech's Advertisement on the Company's Official Website
A BACKDOOR TO EVERY INFECTED NETWORK
Fireball and similar browser-hijackers are hybrid creatures, half seemingly legitimate software (see the GOING UNDER THE RADAR section), and half malware. Although Rafotech uses Fireball only for advertising and initiating traffic to its fake search engines, it can perform any action on the victims' machines These actions can have serious consequences. How severe is it? Try to imagine a pesticide armed with a nuclear bomb. Yes, it can do the job, but it can also do much more.
These browser-hijackers are capable on the browser level. This means that they can drive victims to malicious sites, spy on them and conduct successful malware dropping.
From a technical perspective, Fireball displays great sophistication and quality evasion techniques, including anti-detection capabilities, multi-layer structure and a flexible C&C– it is not inferior to a typical malware.
Many threat actors would like to have a fraction of Rafotech's power, as Fireball provides a critical backdoor, which can be further exploited.
GOING UNDER THE RADAR
While the distribution of Fireball is both malicious and illegitimate, it actually carries digital certificates imparting them a legitimate appearance. Confused? You should be.
Rafotech carefully walks along the edge of legitimacy, knowing that adware distribution is not considered a crime like malware distribution is. How is that? Many companies provide software or services for free, and make their profits by harvesting data or presenting advertisements. Once a client agrees to the installment of extra features or software to his/her computer, it is hard to claim malicious intent on behalf of the provider.
This gray zone led to the birth of a new kind of monetizing method – bundling. Bundling is when a wanted program installs another program alongside it, sometimes with a user's authorization and sometimes without. Rafotech uses bundling in high volume to spread Fireball.
Figure 4: Bundling in Action
According to our analysis, Rafotech's distribution methods appear to be illegitimate and don't follow the criteria which would allow these actions to be considered naïve or legal. The malware and the fake search engines don't carry indicators connecting them to Rafotech, they cannot be uninstalled by an ordinary user, and they conceal their true nature.
So how do they carry digital certificates? One possibility is that issuers make their living from providing certificates, and small issuers with flexible ethics can enjoy the lack of clarity in the adware world's legality to approve software such as Rafotech's browser-hijackers.
THE INFECTION MODEL
As with other types of malware, there are many ways for Fireball to spread. We suspect that two popular vectors are bundling the malware to other Rafotech products – Deal Wifi and Mustang Browser – as well as bundling via other freeware distributors: products such as “Soso Desktop”, “FVP Imageviewer” and others.
It's important to remember that when a user installs freeware, additional malware isn't necessarily dropped at the same time. If you download a suspicious freeware and nothing happens on the spot, it doesn't necessarily mean that something isn't happening behind the scenes.
Furthermore, it is likely that Rafotech is using additional distribution methods, such as spreading freeware under fake names, spam, or even buying installs from threat actors.
As with everything in the internet, remember that there are no free lunches. When you download freeware, or use cost-free services (streaming and downloads, for example), the service provider is making profit somehow. If it's not from you or from advertisements, it will come from somewhere else.
Figure 5: Deal Wifi Installation Screen
HOW CAN I KNOW IF I AM INFECTED?
To check if you're infected, first open your web browser. Was your home-page set by you? Are you able to modify it? Are you familiar with your default search engine and can modify that as well? Do you remember installing all of your browser extensions?
If the answer to any of these questions is “NO”, this is a sign that you're infected with adware. You can also use a recommended adware scanner, just to be extra cautious.
Figure 6: trotux.com; a Fake Search Engine Run by Rafotech
THE RED BUTTON IN THE WRONG HANDS
It doesn't take much to imagine a scenario in which Rafotech decides to harvest sensitive information from all of its infected machines, and sell this data to threat groups or business rivals. Banking and credit card credentials, medical files, patents and business plans can all be widely exposed and abused by threat actors for various purposes. Based on our estimated infection rate, in such a scenario, one out of five corporations worldwide will be susceptible to a major breach. Severe damage can be caused to key organizations, from major service providers to critical infrastructure operators to medical institutions. The potential loss is indescribable, and repairing the damage caused by such massive data leakage (if even possible) could take years.
Rafotech holds the power to initiate a global catastrophe and it is not alone. During our research we've tracked down additional browser-hijackers that, to our understanding, were developed by other companies. One such company is ELEX Technology, an Internet Services company also based in Beijing produces products similar to those of Rafotech. Several findings lead us to suspect that the two companies are related, and may be collaborating in the distribution of browser-hijackers or in trading customers' traffic. For example, an adware developed by ELEX, named YAC (“Yet Another Cleaner”) is suspected to be connected to Rafotech's operation, dropping its browser-hijackers.
CONCLUSION
In this research we've described Rafotech's browser-hijackers operation – possibly the largest infection operation in history. We believe that although this is not a typical malware attack campaign, it has the potential to cause irreversible damage to its victims as well as worldwide internet users, and therefore it must be blocked by security companies.
The full distribution of Fireball is not yet known, but it is clear that it presents a great threat to the global cyber ecosystem. With a quarter billion infected machines and a grip in one of every five corporate networks, Rafotech's activities make it an immense threat.
HOW DO I REMOVE THE MALWARE, ONCE INFECTED?
To remove almost any adware, follow these simple steps:
Uninstall the adware by removing the application from the Programs and Features list in the Windows Control Panel.
For macOS users:
Use the Finder to locate the Applications Drag the suspicious file to the Trash. Empty the Trash.
Note – A usable program is not always installed on the machine and therefore may not be found on the program list.
Scan and clean your machine, using:
Anti-Malware software
Adware cleaner software
Remove malicious Add-ons, extensions or plug-ins from your browser:
On Google Chrome: a. Click the Chrome menu icon and select Tools > Extensions. b. Locate and select any suspicious Add-ons. c. Click the trash can icon to delete.
On Internet Explorer: a. Click the Setting icon and select Manage Add-ons. b. Locate and remove any malicious Add-ons.
On Mozilla Firefox: a. Click the Firefox menu icon and go to the Tools tab. b. Select Add-ons > Extensions. A new window opens. c. Remove any suspicious Add-ons. d. Go to the Add-ons manager > Plugins. e. Locate and disable any malicious plugins.
On Safari: a. Make sure the browser is active. b. Click the Safari tab and select preferences. A new window opens. c. Select the Extensions tab. d. Locate and uninstall any suspicious extensions.
Restore your internet browser to its default settings:
On Google Chrome: a. Click the Chrome menu icon, and select Settings. b. In the On startup section, click Set Pages. c. Delete the malicious pages from the Startup pages list. d. Find the Show Home button option and select Change. e. In the Open this page field, delete the malicious search engine page. f. In the Search section, select Manage search engines. g. Select the malicious search engine page and remove from the list.
On Internet Explorer: a. Select the Tools tab and then select Internet Options. A new window opens. b. In the Advanced tab, select Reset. c. Check the Delete personal settings box. d. Click the Reset button.
On Mozilla Firefox: a. Enable the browser Menu Bar by clicking the blank space near the page tabs. b. Click the Help tab, and go to Troubleshooting information. A new window opens. c. Select Reset Firefox.
On Safari: a. Select the Safari tab and then select Preferences. A new window opens. b. In the Privacy tab, the Manage Website Data… button. A new window opens. c. Click the Remove All button.
INDICATORS OF COMPROMISE
C&C addresses
attirerpage[.]com
s2s[.]rafotech[.]com
trotux[.]com
startpageing123[.]com
funcionapage[.]com
universalsearches[.]com
thewebanswers[.]com
nicesearches[.]com
youndoo[.]com
giqepofa[.]com
mustang-browser[.]com
forestbrowser[.]com
luckysearch123[.]com
ooxxsearch[.]com
search2000s[.]com
walasearch[.]com
hohosearch[.]com
yessearches[.]com
d3l4qa0kmel7is[.]cloudfront[.]net
d5ou3dytze6uf[.]cloudfront[.]net
d1vh0xkmncek4z[.]cloudfront[.]net
d26r15y2ken1t9[.]cloudfront[.]net
d11eq81k50lwgi[.]cloudfront[.]net
ddyv8sl7ewq1w[.]cloudfront[.]net
d3i1asoswufp5k[.]cloudfront[.]net
dc44qjwal3p07[.]cloudfront[.]net
dv2m1uumnsgtu[.]cloudfront[.]net
d1mxvenloqrqmu[.]cloudfront[.]net
dfrs12kz9qye2[.]cloudfront[.]net
dgkytklfjrqkb[.]cloudfront[.]net
dgkytklfjrqkb[.]cloudfront[.]net/main/trmz[.]exe
File Hashes
KABUL, Afghanistan — Four men were sentenced to death by an Afghan judge on Wednesday for the mob killing of a woman who had been falsely accused of burning a Quran. But the judge released many of the 49 defendants in the case and delayed verdicts for 19 police officers who were also charged.
The mixed ruling seemed unlikely to satisfy any observers of the trial, much of which was televised live. The killing of the woman, Farkhunda, 27, in broad daylight at a mosque in Kabul in March set off protests.
One of the four men sentenced to death is an amulet seller who falsely accused her of burning a copy of the Quran after she accused him of what she considered un-Islamic practices. Another of the men had claimed to be an intelligence official and had boasted of his involvement in the killing on Facebook. Witnesses said the third condemned man had kicked Farkhunda's corpse and removed some of her clothing after she died, and the fourth threw particularly large stones at her while she was still alive.
Video of the killing showed a motorist deliberately driving over her head and then dragging her behind his car, but the driver is apparently one of several suspects not apprehended.
Have you ever wondered where our agricultural crops come from? And what were they like thousands of years ago, or hundreds of years ago? Our food crops today are in fact very different from the original wild plants from which they were derived.
About 10,000 years BC, people harvested their food from the natural biological diversity that surrounded them, and eventually domesticated crops and animals. During the process of domestication, people began to select better plant materials for propagation and animals for breeding, initially unwittingly, but ultimately with the intention of developing improved food crops and livestock. Over thousands of years farmers selected for desirable traits in crops, and thus improved the plants for agricultural purposes. Desirable traits included crop varieties (also known as cultivars, from "cultivated varieties") with shortened growing seasons, increased resistance to diseases and pests, larger seeds and fruits, nutritional content, shelf life, and better adaptation to diverse ecological conditions under which crops were grown.
Over the centuries, agricultural technology developed a broad spectrum of options for food, feed, and fiber production. In many ways, technology reduces the amount of time we dedicate to basic activities like food production, and makes our lives easier and more enjoyable. Everyone is familiar with how transportation has changed over time to be more efficient and safer (Figure 1). Agriculture has also undergone tremendous changes, many of which have made food and fiber production more efficient and safer (Figure 1). For example in 1870, the total population of the USA was 38,558,371 and 53% of this population was involved in farming; in 2000, the total population was 275,000,000 and only 1.8% of the population was involved in farming. There are negative aspects to having so few members of society involved in agriculture, but this serves to illustrate how technological developments have reduced the need for basic farm labor.
Figure 1: A timeline showing how human transportation systems have evolved. A timeline showing how human transportation systems have evolved, from primitive, slow, and inefficient vehicles, to modern, faster, and more efficient options. Corresponding advances in agricultural biotechnology are shown below, similarly illustrating how advances changed our ability to develop new agricultural crops. © 2012 Courtesy of Ania M. Wieczorek and Mark G. Wright. All rights reserved.
This article concentrates on how scientific discoveries and technological developments have allowed us to improve crop development in agriculture. Most people do not realize that among early agriculture developments, really at the genesis of agricultural technology, the ancient Egyptians made wine and made rising dough for bread, using fermentation. A significant event in the development of agriculture occurred in 1492 with the introduction of corn, native to the Americas, to the rest of the world, and European growers adapted the plant to their unique growing conditions. At this stage of history, crops were being transported around the world and grown under a diversity of conditions.Agriculturalists started conducting selective breeding of crops before having a thorough understanding of the basis of genetics. Gregor Mendel's discoveries explaining how traits pass from parents to offspring shed new light on the matter. Mendel's work showed thatseparate during the formation of, and unite randomly during; he also showed that genes are transmitted independently of one another to offspring. This understanding of the way that plants and animals acquire traits from parents created the potential for people to selectively breed crops and livestock. Gregor Mendel's discovery revolutionized agriculture by launching the development of selective cross breeding with a comprehensive understanding of the underlying mechanisms of inheritance.
My fellow Americans (as you like to be called), you now have the opportunity to prove that you are not passive slaves, the “sheeple” that they say you are. Over the past few months you've been forced to face the awful fact that you've been robbed blind on a scale that makes the Russian oligarchy look like squeamish Swedish socialists by comparison. So far, you haven't done a fucking thing. Haven't lifted a finger against them. The best you can come up with is either suicide (oo, that'll teach the plutocrats not to steal your money and ruin you!) or burning your foreclosed houses down (a nice start, but still, why not burn down the bankers' houses?).
But there's still time to prove that you're not passive, pathetic serfs. That's right Americans, here's your chance to prove that you're not slaves, that you won't just sit there and take it when they steal from you. We know who stole everything from you. They don't even hide—they're all over the TV networks, bragging, strutting, laughing at you. We know where they work, and we know what they look like. They're literally asking for it. Shouldn't you, Americans, with your guns and your high and mighty talk about how you protect your rights and your property and your families—shouldn't you, like, do something? They're responsible for throwing you out of work, out of your house, bankrupting your retirement, destroying your life and your family and everything you've worked for. And they don't even hide it! So, what're you gonna do about it? Sit there and complain? Call another fucking rightwing radio talkshow and kvetch like an old Jewish grandmother? Do you have any fucking balls left at all?
There are so many deserving targets out there—or rather, let's call them “opportunities” out there to prove that you're not the world's biggest suckers and most passive, pathetic slaves that the planet has ever hosted. I'll give you one, a real shocker. Her name is Betsy McCaughey, and she wants to fuck you out of health insurance which you can barely afford anyway–so that she can pocket more wealth, along with her plutocrat health care sponsors. If you cannot afford the very best health insurance plan in this country—and chances are, you're not one of the 10% of this country who can—then what this means is that BETSY MCCAUGHEY WANTS TO KILL YOU IN ORDER TO ENRICH HERSELF. Do you get that? She wants to kill you. It worked for her once, in the 1990s, when she convinced enough Americans to believe that getting universal health coverage was not in their interests, helping push America's already-low-ranking life expectancy further down the list, making health care less and less affordable. You let her get away with it in the 1990s—your masters didn't want their taxes raised in order to make your lives healthier and longer, and you, like slaves, identified with your masters' interests over your own interests. Now she's at it again. Taking money from health care lobbyists in order to try to convince you, who are already suffering and dying because you don't have insurance, to continue transferring your money and your health upwards to the super-rich, including her, Betsy McCaughey.
All your survivalist/live-free-or-die lives, you've been packing your house full of weapons in the sad belief that some intruder will come in and give you an opportunity to play the hero. But that's not how it works. You will not be given that chance. But that doesn't mean there isn't an intruder in your house, stealing your money, your pension, your health care, and the roof over your head. There are intruders, but you'll have to go out and find them.
So, here is what I'm going to ask readers: DOES ANYONE KNOW WHERE BETSY MCCAUGHEY LIVES? DOES ANYONE KNOW HER HOME ADDRESS? If you do, please send it to us and we'll publish it. Then Americans can prove to Russians that they are not slaves, they do not sit back passively and allow themselves to be killed by vampires like McCaughey. Americans fight back, right? We'll see. Send your information on her address to: ames@exiledonline.com
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal: Rage, Murder and Rebellion from Reagan's Workplaces to Clinton's Columbine. You can reach him at ames@exiledonline.com.
Click the cover & buy the book!
America “overdoses” on patriotism on September 11, according to an editorial authored by a University of Wyoming student.
Published on the 13-year anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, a student at the University of Wyoming penned an editorial decrying the sense of “pride” Americans showcase on September 11. The student blames suburban families and public schools as being the worst culprits when it comes to patriotism.
"Contrary to popular belief, America is not the best country in the world."
“Pride is by far the most common response to the annual reminder of the attacks on our country, and this is the issue,” Jeremy Rowley, a sophomore at the university, wrote. “Suburban families erect their stars and stripes as public schools broadcast cliché images of bald eagles and American landmarks while blaring Lee Greenwood's ‘Proud to be an American.'”
Instead, Rowley suggested that those who “may not be ready to move on” mourn quietly and humbly.
“Instead of celebrating our country and shunning all those who don't fit in or agree, we, the United States of America, need to get over it,” he wrote.
Rowley turned the attention in his editorial to social issues, lightly referencing the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri and the alleged gender pay gap.
"Contrary to popular belief, America is not the best country in the world," Rowley writes.
“We live in a country where unarmed people of color are shot to death without justification,” Rowley said. “This same country still struggles with paying women a fair wage. All the while, we neglect to give our children an internationally competitive education. The list of injustices goes on and on, and yet we band together and celebrate our country at a time when pride is the least justifiable reaction.”
A university spokesperson confirmed the author of the editorial is a student at the school. The University of Wyoming declined to comment on the editorial.
The university's calendar listed one event—a “ 9/11 National Day of Service and Remembrance”—scheduled for Thursday evening at War Memorial Stadium.
Rowley did not return Campus Reform's request for comment by press time.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @K_Schallhorn
BY:
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R., Calif.) announced a North Korea sanctions bill being voted on Tuesday will be named in honor of Otto Warmbier, the college student who died this year after being detained by the rogue regime.
"We are going to honor Otto Warmbier, the 22-year-old University of Virginia student who was brutalized and tortured by the [Kim Jong-un] regime," McCarthy said.
Warmbier was arrested by North Korean authorities in January of 2016 and sentenced to 15 years of hard labor for taking down a propaganda poster while he was visiting. While Warmbier was held prisoner after what was described by human rights activists as a show trial, his parents solicited the U.S. government to secure his release.
He was eventually sent back to the U.S. in a comatose state in June and died shortly after. His parents said it was clear when they saw him that he had brain damage and been tortured by the "terrorists" in North Korea.
"It was astounding to Cindy and I to discover that North Korea is not listed as a state sponsor of terror. We owe it to the world to list North Korea as a state sponsor of terror," Fred Warmbier said.
Rep. Andy Barr (R., Ky.) is sponsoring the bill, and he said in a statement that the legislation will impose the most far-reaching sanctions ever enacted against North Korea.
"For more than two decades, foreign aid and half-hearted sanctions have been deployed in vain to thwart the Kim regime's ambitions, a strategy of ‘strategic patience' that has proven highly ineffective," Barr said. "That is why I have introduced this legislation that would, if enacted, impose the most far-reaching financial sanctions ever aimed at North Korea. In addition to bringing about an economic reckoning for Pyongyang, these sanctions will strengthen the American negotiating position by sending a strong signal to North Korea and its enablers that the status quo is unacceptable."
His release goes on to say:
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady must serve a four-game "Deflategate" suspension imposed by the NFL, a federal appeals court ruled Monday, overturning a lower judge and siding with the league in a battle with the players union.
A three-judge panel of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan ruled 2-to-1 that Commissioner Roger Goodell did not deprive Brady of "fundamental fairness" with his procedural rulings. The split decision may end the legal debate over the scandal that led to months of football fans arguing over air pressure and the reputation of one of the league's top teams.
It is also likely to fuel a fresh round of debate over what role, if any, the quarterback and top NFL star played in using underinflated footballs at the AFC championship game in January 2015. The Patriots won the contest over the Indianapolis Colts, 45-7, and then won the Super Bowl.
The ruling can be appealed to the full 2nd Circuit or to the U.S. Supreme Court, but it would be a steep, costly and time-consuming climb.
"We are pleased the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled today that the Commissioner properly exercised his authority under the collective bargaining agreement to act in cases involving the integrity of the game," the NFL said in a statement. "That authority has been recognized by many courts and has been expressly incorporated into every collective bargaining agreement between the NFL and NFLPA for the past 40 years."
The NFL Players' Association said it was "disappointed" by the decision.
"We fought Roger Goodell's suspension of Tom Brady because we know he did not serve as a fair arbitrator and that players' rights were violated under our collective bargaining agreement," the players' association said in a statement. "Our Union will carefully review the decision, consider all of our options and continue to fight for players' rights and for the integrity of the game."
When the original decision was rendered by the NFL in July, Brady denied any wrongdoing.
"I am very disappointed by the NFL's decision to uphold the 4 game suspension against me," he wrote on Facebook. "I did nothing wrong, and no one in the Patriots organization did either."
In Monday's majority opinion written by Judge Barrington D. Parker, the 2nd Circuit said its review of labor arbitration awards "is narrowly circumscribed and highly deferential — indeed, among the most deferential in the law."
"Our role is not to determine for ourselves whether Brady participated in a scheme to deflate footballs or whether the suspension imposed by the Commissioner should have been for three games or five games or none at all. Nor is it our role to second-guess the arbitrator's procedural rulings," the opinion said. "Our obligation is limited to determining whether the arbitration proceedings and award met the minimum legal standards established by the Labor Management Relations Act."
The 2nd Circuit said the contract between players and the NFL gave the commissioner authority that was "especially broad."
"Even if an arbitrator makes mistakes of fact or law, we may not disturb an award so long as he acted within the bounds of his bargained-for authority," the court said.
Lawyers on each side did not immediately comment.
The appeals ruling follows a September decision by Manhattan Judge Richard Berman that went against the league, letting Brady skip the suspension last season.
Goodell insisted the suspension was deserved.
Chief Judge Robert Katzmann dissented.
"I am troubled by the Commissioner's decision to uphold the unprecedented four-game suspension," Katzmann said. "The Commissioner failed to even consider a highly relevant alternative penalty."
The appeals court settled the issue well before the start of the 2016 season, avoiding the tension built last year when Brady didn't learn until a week before the season that he would be allowed to start in the Patriots' opener.
At oral arguments in March, appeals judges seemed skeptical of arguments on Brady's behalf by the NFL Players Association.
Circuit Judge Denny Chin said evidence of ball tampering was "compelling, if not overwhelming" and there was evidence that Brady "knew about it, consented to it, encouraged it."
The league argued that it was fair for Goodell to severely penalize Brady after he concluded the prize quarterback tarnished the game by impeding the NFL's investigation by destroying a cellphone containing nearly 10,000 messages.
Parker said the cellphone destruction raised the stakes "from air in a football to compromising the integrity of a proceeding that the commissioner had convened."
"So why couldn't the commissioner suspend Mr. Brady for that conduct alone?" he asked. Parker added: "With all due respect, Mr. Brady's explanation of that made no sense whatsoever."
Parker also was critical of the NFL at the arguments, saying Brady's lengthy suspension seemed at "first blush a draconian penalty."
BYU linebacker Francis Bernard, shown in a video threatening to strangle an unidentified man (Screen cap).
A new video posted by MormonLeaks shows a player on Brigham Young University's football team screaming at an unseen individual and threatening to strangle them — all while police officers are present.
Local news station KUTV reports that BYU linebacker Francis Bernard was shown in the video confronting police officers in his apartment who were there to issue him a ticket for hosting a loud party that went into early Sunday morning last December.
One officer told Bernard that he had already warned him once about the noise, and said that already told him he would have to issue him a ticket if he was forced to come back. Bernard remained defiant, however, and dared police to call his coach and tell him he deserved a ticket.
The officer then shot back that, if his coach actually did come to Bernard's apartment, he would see multiple violations of BYU's Honor Code, which includes a provision that students “live a chaste and virtuous life” and to “abstain from alcoholic beverages.” Bernard responded that all the people at the party were of proper age, presumably meaning the legal drinking age.
At some point in the video, Bernard noticed that an employee at the school was present and making a recording of what was going on. Bernard tried to force the person out of the room, but he resisted.
“You can't close the door,” the person filming the encounter between Bernard and the police said. “I work here, remember?”
At that point, Bernard became very angry and started yelling threats at the man.
“I'll f*cking pop you in the face, b*tch!” Bernard yelled. “I swear on my life, if I see you, I will f*cking strangle you until you f*cking don't breathe!”
Shortly after this incident, Bernard was suspended for one game — the Poinsettia Bowl against Wyoming — for unspecified violations of conduct. However, as MormonLeaks writes, BYU students have faced expulsion for doing things far more benign than what Bernard was seen doing in the video.
“Just this past year, the Salt Lake Tribune won a Pulitzer Prize for their reporting that exposed mistreatment of sexual assault victims on BYU campus,” the website writes. “It is our belief that there is even more abuse surrounding the implementation and enforcement of the Honor Code. There have been many claims and accusations made concerning students being expelled or suspended for less than what Mr. Bernard and his colleagues admit to in this video.”
Bernard is still on the BYU football team, although he is being forced to redshirt in his junior year.
Deseret News reports that, as a result of the December 4 incident, Bernard was “was charged with disorderly conduct, a class C misdemeanor,” although it was “reduced to an infraction” when he pleaded guilty.
BYU spokeswoman Carrie Jenkins wouldn't comment on the handling of Bernard's case specifically, and only said that Honor Code violations are handled on a case-by-case basis.
Rape victims who attended BYU have accused the school of punishing them after learning about their sexual assaults, and the school in 2011 suspended a basketball player for an entire season simply for having consensual premarital sex.
Watch the video of Bernard dealing with police officers below.
In an episode of CBS' techno-procedural series CSI:Cyber that aired in January, pilots were forced to power off and power back on an airliner's flight computer to regain control from a hacker. As preposterous as that cold-boot of avionics sounds, it's something that test pilots have had to do with the F-35A "Lightning II" Joint Strike Fighter's radar system—not because of a hack but because of a software problem that causes the radar to degrade or stop working entirely.
IHS Jane's reports that an issue arose in late 2015 with the F-35's AN/APG-81 active electronically scanned array (AESA) radar system, built by Northrop Grumman for the Lockheed Martin-led F-35 program. The software planned to be used in the F-35A when the Air Force declares its "initial operational capability" (IOC) with the fighter later this year—revision 3i—has a major flaw. As Air Force F-35 Integration Office Director Major General Jeffrey Harrigian told Jane's, that flaw affects "radar stability—the radar's ability to stay up and running. What would happen is they'd get a signal that says either a radar degrade or a radar fail—something that would force us to restart the radar."
As several Ars readers have pointed out, rebooting an aircraft's radar system is not an uncommon occurrence. In the F-16, the radar had to be restarted with new code for different mission profiles. But the Air Force did not go into detail about when the instability in the radar system occurred, and clearly felt this was a problem worth shifting priorities to repair before IOC. Harrigan said that Lockheed Martin has discovered the cause of the problem and has diverted developers who were working on the next increment of the F-35's code to fix it. A patch is expected by the end of March. But if the fix is delayed, it could push back the Air Force's IOC declaration, which is currently expected some time after August of this year.
The Marine Corps gave the F-35B, the vertical take-off and landing version of the Joint Strike Fighter, an IOC declaration last June. The F-35B is running an earlier iteration of the software, and there have been no indications of a problem with the radar system in Marine aircraft.
The software version being run by the Marine Corps—Block 2B—contains what the F-35 office describes as "more than 87 percent of the required code for full warfighting capability." But it was plagued with other issues, and some tests were abandoned to get the software out in time for the June 2015 rollout. And the F-35B currently has a reduced number of weapons that it can be armed with because of missing software and integration work.
Massachusetts families this week are beginning to send their kids back to school, but for an estimated 2,015 pre-school students, there is no back to school.
That's because federal budget cuts have curtailed the number of Head Start slots as part of the sequester. Meanwhile, other cuts in education are taking place all across the state, from teacher aides to programs that serve disadvantaged youth and more — totaling $47 million in cuts.
I believe that every child deserves a fair shot in life and that starts with a quality education.
Head Start, for example, helps disadvantaged kids prepare for kindergarten. It has a great track record of boosting kids performance, and actually saves us money in the long run because the students perform better, require less special education and other additional services, and earn more when they enter the work force.
Yesterday, I stood with Kim Auger, Everett Teacher and Union President, and member of the Executive Committee of the Massachusetts Teachers Association; and Pam Kuechler, Executive Director of the Massachusetts Head Start Association. We called for an end to these cuts, and thanked Sen. Warren for her support, and Massachusetts Fair Share delivered more than 5,000 petition signatures in support of our Kids, Not Cuts platform.
So, 2,105 is a lot of kids, but it could get a whole lot worse. The Ryan Budget would cut federal education dollars by 43%.
To me, as an organizer, this presents an opportunity. We know that something like 90% of people are against cuts to education, and yet we're seeing serious cuts and Congress is proposing even more. We can and should be using this as a chance to contrast two different sets of values.
There is something about taking kids out of school that wakes people up a bit. And let's face it, we could use people a little more awake.
Sudden resignation of Shawn Atleo cost AFN more than just its leader
National Chief of the Assembly of First Nations Shawn Atleo speaks at a news conference in Ottawa on January 10, 2013. Shawn Atleo's abrupt resignation as national chief cost the Assembly of First Nations more than just its leader. New documents show the federal government turned down the assembly's request for an extra $324,000 to cover the unforeseen expenses that arose when Atleo quit his job last May. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld
OTTAWA - Shawn Atleo's abrupt resignation as national chief cost the Assembly of First Nations more than just its leader.
New documents show the federal government turned down the assembly's request for an extra $324,000 to cover the unforeseen expenses that arose when Atleo quit his job last May.
Atleo stepped down amid fears that he'd become what he himself called a "lightning rod" for controversy as a result of having backed the Conservative government's proposed reforms to First Nations education.
The AFN told Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development Canada it needed the money to help pay for a special gathering of chiefs from across the country and an earlier-than-planned election for a new national chief.
But Aboriginal Affairs Minister Bernard Valcourt rejected the request. His signature appears next to a checked box that says "I do not concur" on a note sent to his office last December. The AFN confirmed that it did not receive the funding.
The Canadian Press obtained a partially censored copy of the document, as well as the AFN's proposal, under the Access to Information Act.
The AFN made its request last November — a little more than two weeks before Perry Bellegarde's election as national chief, but well past the department's February 2014 deadline for funding proposals.
But a briefing note sent to Valcourt in early December notes there was no way the AFN "could have anticipated the resignation of former national chief Atleo in May 2014 and the funding pressures it would create."
"If the current proposal had been submitted by the Feb. 21, 2014, deadline, it would have been eligible for consideration," the document says.
The briefing note says the AFN received $4.5 million in core funding and $738,720 for projects between April 2014 and the end of this month.
The extra cash the AFN asked for — $79,000 to appoint a chief electoral officer; $145,000 for a transition team for the new national chief; and $100,000 for a special assembly of leaders — was on top of the money it already received for the year.
The assembly says it paid for those things out of its "existing resources and revenue generated," a decision that it says could put the organization into a deficit position.
Valcourt's office has yet to respond to questions about the funding request.
The Conservatives' proposed reforms to First Nations education deeply divided the aboriginal community and precipitated Atleo's sudden departure as national chief of the AFN.
Some saw it as a first step — with a substantial dollar amount attached — that could improve the lives of First Nations children. Others viewed it as the government exerting too much control over aboriginal education.
Regional chiefs briefly showed their support for the education bill by attending a February 2014 event with Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Atleo, but that support quickly evaporated.
The legislation has been in limbo since last spring, when chiefs from across Canada rejected the Harper government's proposed reforms.
The Conservatives say the bill — and the $1.9 billion attached to it — will remain on hold and no new money will be spent until the AFN gets behind the legislation.
Bellegarde says the AFN has no intention of doing so.
Follow @steve_rennie on Twitter
While many in the community were happy to see Bandai Namco Games announce Tekken 7, one question still weighs heavily on our minds: where's Tekken x Street Fighter? The crossover was announced alongside Capcom's Street Fighter x Tekken companion title in 2010, but very little information has been released since then.
Well, those of you still looking forward to this mysterious game just received a glimmer of hope. According to GamesRadar, Tekken director Katsuhiro Harada confirmed that Tekken x Street Fighter is still in development during his company's fighting game panel at San Diego Comic-Con. Other than that, no new details were shared other than the project is still “moving forward.”
And so begins around round of speculation. What do you hope to see out of Tekken x Street Fighter? Feel free to sound off in our comments.
Source: GamesRadar
The Tennessee Valley Authority sharply accelerated a shift away from coal as an energy source on Thursday, saying it would shut down eight electricity-generating units that together will burn nearly a fifth of its coal this year.
The closings are part of a long-term strategy, also announced Thursday, for the authority to generate 20 percent of its electricity from coal, instead of the current 38 percent. It also plans to increase the use of renewable energy sources like solar and hydropower to 20 percent, from the current 15.7 percent.
The authority's chief executive, Bill Johnson, said experts were studying whether more coal-fired plants should be shut down later.
“These were difficult recommendations to make, as they directly impact our employees and communities,” he said in a release announcing the shutdowns. “But the plan is what's best in terms of its positive impact on T.V.A.'s rates, debt and the environment, and it will bring the greatest benefit to the people of the valley.”
Add to all that the fact that Kelsey is just not that well-liked. There are ITMs of several girls—girls who are not generally mean—talking negatively about her.
Fun Fact #2: In ITMs, the contestants know when they're being prompted to trash talk someone else. It's obvious. And therefore, it's not accidental. There's always that girl who willingly takes the bait, but usually, they resist. They crack when they're at their wit's end and the irritation is too much to bear. Therefore, it means something when there are multiple ITM mentions of a particular someone has rubbed others the wrong way. All I can say is, once again: Where there's smoke, there's usually fire.
Kelsey's story is not "amazing." It's sad. It's tragic. It's heartbreaking. It downright sucks. Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying she should live out the rest of her life in misery. I'm just saying she should never use the adjective "amazing" to describe anything in the vicinity of her late husband's death.
All that said, do I think she deserves the terrible flak she's getting? NO. People have been tweeting that Kelsey must have killed her husband. One rabid viewer started a Twitter account in Sanderson's name. (I would link but don't want to give them the satisfaction of traffic.) That is some seriously sick shit and nobody deserves that.
COCKTAIL PARTY
Chris arrives (notice the girls waiting) and begins to talk about Kelsey and how her story "hit home". He gets choked up and leaves abruptly. I couldn't help but laugh when Chris Harrison:
Mosquitos: Vectors of Infection
Mosquitos are ugly creatures. They buzz, bite, and bother you, but more than just being annoying, they harbor parasites that transmit malaria. A person infected by one of these parasites via a mosquito bite can experience fever, chills, vomiting, and sometimes even death.
The World Health Organization predicts that almost 3.2 billion people — that's half the world's population — are at risk of catching this disease, and among those at risk, 214 million people were infected in 2015. Of those infected with malaria, at least 438,000 people passed away.
While global efforts have successfully reduced the incidences of malaria by 60 percent since 2000, researchers may have just found a way to take that progress even further thanks to a new malaria vaccine.
Steelers Film Room is batting .500 when it comes to the late-round draft picks of the 2014 draft class. Wesley Johnson was someone I liked immediately when the Steelers drafted him. He started a lot of games against elite competition in college and he showed great versatility. When you see someone line up at multiple positions, that tells you he's smart and also is able to accept coaching. In the NFL, this equates to upside and that gets you a roster spot.
What impressed me about Johnson was that he always played with a great base and, despite his tall frame, he played with excellent balance in the run game. Those characteristics are on display here in this first clip:
This is a great block. He is able to torque the nose tackle and provide a nice hole for Le'Veon Bell. This is a very nice run against an 8-man front.
Where Johnson and all rookies struggle is in pass protection, specifically with the hand-fighting that goes on in the trenches in the NFL. College defensive linemen don't use their hands very well, but rely mainly on speed and athleticism. When they get to the NFL, this is where they learn to use their hands and they school rookie offensive lineman as shown in this clip:
This is a great move by the defensive lineman. He posts with his inside hand and then swipes with his outside hand. Notice also the deep drop by Landry Jones. Johnson didn't have to protect this long in college The ball got out a lot quicker.
These will be adjustments for Johnson but, as was mentioned, he has great upside. Moreover, it's not like he was competing with Anthony Munoz for a roster spot. The Steelers needed to groom some good young talent to be future starters. Guy Whimper did an admirable job when called on in a backup role last year, but that's what he is. Johnson has the potential to be a starter in this league.
I never thought Daniel McCullers had the potential to be a starter in this league but I was wrong. Our fine editor was, rightly, more optimistic about Shade Tree. Or, as he has been known to say, maybe he's more optimistic because our defensive line coach is better than yours. Regardless, McCullers had an impressive camp. This play really highlights how far he has come:
This is just a fantastic play. Notice also that he's not playing a zero-technique position. Moreover, the Steelers are playing with four defensive linemen, two inside linebackers and five defensive backs. It's interesting because the Steelers only kept three outside linebackers The Steelers have struggled with their nickel run-defense, so this is something to watch as the 2014 season unfolds.
But, back to McCullers, he displays lateral agility here that, frankly, I didn't think he had. I was wrong and boy am I happy I was. Moreover, what a great tackle for a man of his size. I didn't see this athleticism on his college film. Obviously, others didn't as well, but the Steelers seem to have found another late-round defensive lineman.
Actually, they seem to have hit on two late draft picks. Teams are normally built from the inside out, and the youth of both the offensive and defensive lines bodes well for the Steelers in 2014 and beyond.
Tales of Hearts R coming west this winter
PS Vita remake headed to the western market.
Update 4/21/14 at 10:20 a.m.: Bandai Namco has published the video taken down on Friday, again confirming the upcoming PS Vita release.
Here's the story synopsis, courtesy of PlayStation Blog.
The adventure starts with Kor (Shing Meteoryte in the Japanese version), a young man living in a small village by the sea. While watching the house in his grandfather's absence, Kor meets a young woman named Kohaku (same name in the Japanese version, though she was also known as Amber Hearts) who has come searching for his grandfather. However, a mysterious witch soon appears and casts a spell on Kohaku's Spiria, the embodiment of her heart and soul. Kor attempts to lift the spell, but while doing so he accidentally shatters her Spiria Core, the source of her emotions. Armed only with the Soma, an unusual weapon given to him by his grandfather, Kor must now set out on a journey to find a way to make Kohaku's Spiria whole once more.
4/18/14 at 1:04 p.m. ET: Bandai Namco is bringing Tales of Hearts R to PS Vita in North America and Europe this winter, the company announced.
In North America, the game will be a retail exclusive to GameStop. It will also be available via digital download on the PlayStation Store.
As far as the European release goes, we're still awaiting details. This post will be be updated and pushed to the top of the site when the information is released.
This announcement was posted prematurely in video form before being taken down. We don't have a press release yet, and only know the North American release details due to a GameStop.com product listing earlier this week.
“Last year in 2013, I attended many events across the world and received lots of requests from fans to release Tales of Hearts R,” Tales series producer Hideo Baba said in a video message. “So we have been looking for a way to make it a reality and we have finally found it.”
He continued, “I'd like you to be excited about the Tales series with the release of Tales of Xillia 2, as well as more news about Tales of Zestiria and Tales of Hearts R.”
Tales of Hearts R first launched in Japan on March 7, 2013. A remake of the original Tales of Hearts, it adds full 3D graphics, a fully voiced dialogue, new events, two new party members, and other improvements.
Watch Baba's video message below.
Lawrence B. "Larry" Lindsey (born July 18, 1954) is an American economist. He was director of the National Economic Council (2001–2002), and the assistant to the president on economic policy for the U.S. President George W. Bush. He played a leading role in formulating President Bush's $1.35 trillion tax cut plan, convincing candidate Bush that he needed an "insurance policy" against an economic turndown. He left the White House in December 2002 and was replaced by Stephen Friedman after a dispute over the projected cost of the Iraq War. Lindsey estimated the cost of the Iraq War could reach $200 billion, while Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld estimated that it would cost less than $50 billion.[1]
Biography and achievements [ edit ]
Lindsey was born on July 18, 1954 in Peekskill, New York. He graduated from Lakeland Senior High School in Shrub Oak, New York in 1972. An alumnus of Alpha Rho Upsilon fraternity at Bowdoin College, he received his A.B. magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Bowdoin and his A.M. and Ph.D. in economics from Harvard University.
He is the author of The Growth Experiment: How the New Tax Policy is Transforming the U.S. Economy (Basic Books, New York, 1990, ISBN 978-0465050703), Economic Puppetmasters: Lessons from the Halls of Power (AEI Press, Washington, D.C., 1999, ISBN 978-0844740812), What A President Should Know ...but most learn too late: An Insiders View On How To Succeed In The Oval Office (Rowman & Littlefield Publishers, Inc., Maryland, 2008, ISBN 978-0742562226), and Conspiracies of the Ruling Class: How to Break Their Grip Forever (Simon & Schuster, 2016, ISBN 978-1501144233). Also he has contributed numerous articles to professional publications. His honors and awards include the Distinguished Public Service Award of the Boston Bar Association, 1994; an honorary degree from Bowdoin College, 1993; selection as a Citicorp/Wriston Fellow for Economic Research, 1988; and the Outstanding Doctoral Dissertation Award from the National Tax Association, 1985.
During the Reagan Administration, he served three years on the staff of the Council of Economic Advisers as Senior Staff Economist for Tax Policy. He then served as Special Assistant to the President for Policy Development during the first Bush administration
Lindsey served as a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for five years from November 1991 to February 1997. Additionally, Lindsey was Chairman of the Board of the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation, a national public/private community redevelopment organization, from 1993 until his departure from the Federal Reserve.
From 1997 to January 2001, Lindsey was a Resident Scholar and holder of the Arthur F. Burns Chair in Economics at the American Enterprise Institute in Washington, D.C. He was also Managing Director of Economic Strategies, an economic advisory service based in New York City. During 1999 and throughout 2000 he served as then-Governor George W. Bush's chief economic advisor for his presidential campaign. He is a former associate professor of Economics at Harvard University.
Lindsey is Chief Executive Officer of the Lindsey Group,[2] which he runs with a former colleague from the National Economic Council and writes for The Wall Street Journal, Weekly Standard and other publications. He was a visiting scholar at the American Enterprise Institute.
Controversies [ edit ]
Lindsey is famous for spotting the emergence of the late 1990s U.S. stock market bubble back in 1996 while a Governor of the Federal Reserve. According to the meeting transcripts for September of that year, Lindsey challenged the expectation that corporate earnings would grow 11½ percent a year continually. He said, "Readers of this transcript five years from now can check this fearless prediction: profits will fall short of this expectation." According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, corporate profits as a share of national income eroded from 1997 until 2001. Stock prices eventually collapsed, starting their decline in March 2000, though the S&P500 remained above its 1996 level, casting doubt on the assertion that there was a stock market bubble in 1996.
In contrast to Chairman Greenspan, Lindsey argued that the Federal Reserve had an obligation to prevent the stock market bubble from growing out of control. He argued that "the long term costs of a bubble to the economy and society are potentially great.... As in the United States in the late 1920s and Japan in the late 1980s, the case for a central bank ultimately to burst that bubble becomes overwhelming. I think it is far better that we do so while the bubble still resembles surface froth and before the bubble carries the economy to stratospheric heights." During the 2000 Presidential campaign, Governor Bush was criticized for picking an economic advisor who had sold all of his stock in 1998.[citation needed]
According to the Washington Post,[3] Lindsey was on an advisory board to Enron along with Paul Krugman before joining the White House. Lindsey and his colleagues warned Enron that the economic environment was riskier than they perceived.
Cost of the Iraq War [ edit ]
On September 15, 2002, in an interview with the Wall Street Journal, Lindsey estimated the high limit on the cost of the Bush administration's plan in 2002 of invasion and regime change in Iraq to be 1–2% of GNP, or about $100–$200 billion.[4][5] Mitch Daniels, Director of the Office of Management and Budget, discounted this estimate as "very, very high" and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld stated that the costs would be under $50 billion.[1] Rumsfeld called Lindsey's estimate "baloney".[6]
As of 2007 the cost of the invasion and occupation of Iraq exceeded $400 billion, and the Congressional Budget Office in August 2007 estimated that appropriations would eventually reach $1 trillion or more.[7]
In October 2007, the Congressional Budget Office estimated that by 2017, the total costs of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan could reach $2.4 trillion. In response, Democratic Representative Allen Boyd criticized the administration for firing Lindsey, saying "They found him a job outside the administration."[8]
Presidential campaign leadership [ edit ]
Lindsey has been a senior advisor to several Republican campaigns. He led the economic team for then Governor George W. Bush's successful presidential campaign in 2000, earning the trust of the future President who said at the time "I am very fond of Larry Lindsey and I value his advice".[9] During the 2008 Presidential election, Lindsey served as Fred Thompson's Senior Economic Advisor.[10] In 2012, Lindsey predicted on election day that Republican Mitt Romney would defeat President Obama.[11] In April 2016, Lindsey supported Ted Cruz over his only remaining opponent, current President Trump, explaining that Cruz was the best candidate because he had an economic program deserving of the "top grade".[12]
References [ edit ]
Today, June 21, 2016, Fedora Project has announced the general availability of the final release of the Fedora 24 Linux operating system for desktops, servers, cloud, and embedded devices.
Delayed four times during its development cycle, the Fedora 24 distribution is finally available to download today. It looks like it ships with the usual Fedora Workstation, Fedora Server, and Fedora Cloud variants, as well as the official Fedora Spins with the Xfce, LXDE, KDE, MATE/Compiz, Cinnamon, and Sugar desktops.
Of course, users will also be able to get their hands on the Fedora 24 Labs Spins, which include Design Suite, Games, Robotic Suite, Scientific, and Security Lab. Under the hood, all the aforementioned editions and spins are shipping with the same core components, namely Linux kernel 4.5.7 and GNU C Library version 2.23.
Users should be aware of the fact that Linux kernel 4.5.7 is the last in the Linux 4.5 series, and the Fedora developers have promised that they will move the distribution to the Linux 4.6 kernel branch in the coming weeks because there wasn't enough time for them to re-test everything with a Linux 4.6 kernel.
GNOME 3.20, KDE Plasma 5.6, Mono 4.2, GCC 6, and more
While the Fedora 24 Workstation, which is the main edition offered on the project's website, ships with the latest stable GNOME 3.20.2 desktop environment, the Fedora 24 KDE Plasma Spin comes with the KDE Plasma 5.6 desktop. All the Fedora 24 flavors are built using the GCC 6 compiler.
The NetworkManager 1.2 is present as well in Fedora 24 Workstation and other Fedora Spins that use the software for managing network connections. Other GNU/Linux technologies included in Fedora 24 Linux are Mono 4.2, Boost 1.60, Node.js 5.10, Python 3.5, Ruby 2.3, Golang 1.6, etc..
Fedora 24 is available to download as we speak as Live ISO images for 64-bit, 32-bit, and ARM architectures. Shortly after the Fedora 24 release, users of the Fedora 23 operating system will be able to upgrade to Fedora 24 using the GNOME Software application.
Mississippi Rep. Gene Alday (MS. House website)
Republican Mississippi state Rep. Gene Alday asserted on Monday that he had been taken out of context by a local paper that published his remarks saying that “all the blacks” in his district get “welfare crazy checks” because they do not work.
In a Sunday article, The Clarion-Ledger‘s Jerry Mitchell reported that Alday had recently linked his opposition to increased education funding to social welfare programs.
“I come from a town where all the blacks are getting food stamps and what I call ‘welfare crazy checks,'” he declared. “They don't work.”
He said that he once needed to go to the emergency room and “liked to died” because African-Americans were in line in front of him.
“I laid in there for hours because they (blacks) were in there being treated for gunshots,” the former police chief reportedly said.
Alday later told The Clarion-Ledger that he's not racist, and he never would have made the remarks to the reporter if he knew they were going to be published.
In fact, he said that Mitchell should have known that the comments were off the record by his “way of talking.”
“It was late at night and he called me,” Alday recalled. “He asked me a question back to when I was in law enforcement … I have a way of talking and saying, ‘take this off the record.'”
“Yes, it's true that most of the blacks in my hometown are on welfare,” he continued. “But they're good people. I don't have anything against anybody. I'm a straight-up guy. In my little town they had little civil rights walks and I was with them. I'm with everybody.”
But that explanation doesn't seem to be enough to get Mississippi Republicans back on his side.
“Rep. Alday is solely responsible for his remarks,” Gov. Phil Bryant said. “I strongly reject his comments condemning any Mississippian because of their race. This day are long past.”
Clarion-Ledger Executive Editor Sam Hall has called on Alday to finish his term and step down. However, the lawmaker has vowed to seek another term in office.
MACHESNEY PARK -- An elderly Machesney Park couple gets some unexpected help from some local firefighters.
Barb was cooking dinner for her husband Bob Tuesday night, when she started feeling sick. So much so that she called 911. A short time later, officers and first responders arrived at their Machesney Park home. Barb, who doesn't want her face shown safety reasons, says it was recommended that she go to the hospital. However, she didn't want to leave Bob alone, who's disabled and confined to a wheelchair.
"Before they took me, I was like Bob you have to eat supper you have eaten supper. You have to take your pills," said Barb.
Noticing Barb's concern for her husband, North Park firefighter Matt Hehn and two of his coworkers, stepped in, while she was rushed to the hospital.
"He stayed, cooked up the supper for my husband, fed it to him, got him something to drink, made sure he was fine, and I guess shook his hand and then left," said Barb.
Hehn says, although he isn't the greatest cook, he was able to get the job done.
"You're lucky that you get a pretty good grilled cheese out of me. It was pretty easy to finish up and be able to serve it," said Hehn.
Barb still gets emotional talking about the whole ordeal and says she's grateful for the fire department's act of kindness.
"I'm amazed, I guess. That's wonderful that he did that. He must be a very, very, very caring person," said Barb.
"If it was my family member, I would want somebody to be able to help out my mom, or my dad," said Hehn.
The couple says they can't thank the North Park Fire Department enough.
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - About a third of the United Nations staff are women, but the higher you go, the fewer you will find in the world body, which has had eight male leaders in its 71 years, and next week is expected to approve Portugal's Antonio Guterres as its ninth secretary-general.
The United Nations logo is pictured in front of the United Nations Headquarters building during the 71st United Nations General Assembly in the Manhattan borough of New York, U.S., September 22, 2016. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
As of June 30, 34.8 percent of the 40,131 members of the United Nations secretariat staff were women, while just 17 of the 79 under-secretaries-general, 21.5 percent, were women, according to the latest secretary-general's report on staff demographics.
Now the U.N. Security Council's recommendation that the 193-member General Assembly appoint Guterres to succeed South Korea's Ban Ki-moon has sparked charges by one lobbying group that female contenders were not treated fairly.
“It's a horrendous, tragic, missed opportunity,” said Jean Krasno, chair of WomenSG, formed in February 2015 to campaign for a female U.N. chief. “To women around the world it's just horrible; they don't have a voice.”
Krasno said female contenders “were somehow held to some different standards, some higher level of standards than the men, and I really think that was unfair.” She said her group had written to Security Council foreign ministers, held events with the candidates and tried to mobilize on social media.
Security Council diplomats defended the decision on Thursday, saying Guterres was the best candidate regardless of gender, and pointed to an increase in the number of women contenders as a sign of progress.
“Although it's high time for a woman, we were going to pick the strongest person in this field, and that is exactly what we have done,” British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said.
A decade ago, only one woman was nominated to be secretary-general, but this year seven of the 13 candidates were women. During the six secret ballots held by the 15-member Security Council to whittle down the field, though, the highest a woman placed was third.
After the council announced it had agreed on Guterres, former candidate and former U.N. climate chief Christiana Figueres of Costa Rica posted on Twitter: “Bittersweet results #NextSG. Bitter: not a woman. Sweet: by far the best man in the race. Congrats Antonio Guterres! We are all with you.”
Colombian U.N. Ambassador Maria Emma Mejia leads a U.N. Group of Friends for a Woman Secretary-General, which has some 60 members, and said that while a female candidate had not prevailed, the group would continue to fight for equality.
“I see Guterres, as he described himself from the very beginning, being like a feminist,” she said on Thursday, adding that the group, which includes four current Security Council members, would now work to ensure that gender equality remains atop Guterres' agenda.
“Mr. Guterres deserved it; he was the best of the best,” Mejia said, adding that the process was fair.
After his selection, former New Zealand Prime Minister and candidate Helen Clark posted on Twitter: “My campaign was worth the effort if it inspired women and girls everywhere to believe they could aim for the top and one day succeed. Thanks all.”
Canada's big tobacco companies are accusing the plaintiffs in a landmark class-action lawsuit of attempting to use the courts to do what Parliament doesn't dare: ban the sale of cigarettes.
In closing arguments to be heard this week as a Quebec court case spanning 16 years nears an end, plaintiffs in the $17.8-billion lawsuit will argue the damage caused by tobacco vastly outweighs the utility of cigarettes. "The mischievous, useless product [is] designed to trap users in a toxic and often deadly addiction" and companies should be held at fault and pay for the consequences, the plaintiffs say in written arguments.
The big three tobacco companies counter that cigarettes have at least one use – to give smokers pleasure – and Quebec Superior Court cannot be asked to effectively ban a product Canadian lawmakers have chosen to regulate instead.
Story continues below advertisement
The class-action lawsuit pitting tobacco companies against a million Quebec plaintiffs, including addicts who cannot quit and smokers who have suffered illness, is the first litigation of its kind in Canada to approach judgment.
Every province is at some stage of passing laws to open the door to litigation against tobacco companies or preparing lawsuits to recover health-care costs. The Quebec case is years ahead of any other in the court process. The plaintiffs in the Quebec case want Justice Brian Riordan to find manufacturers are at fault for their dangerous product and to award damages so prohibitive they would ruin the business. The companies say if they were forced out of the tobacco business, illegal alternative sources would simply fill the void.
Bruce Johnston, one of the lead lawyers for the plaintiffs, avoided using the word "ban," but conceded the consequences of a full courtroom victory would probably end the legal sale of cigarettes.
"If tobacco companies paid for the consequences of putting their product on the market, if they sold cigarettes for $50 a pack, they could compensate people who get addicted," Mr. Johnston said in an interview.
"It's not a ban we seek, but undoubtedly our success would have consequences. Bad products get litigated out of the market. That's one of the purposes civil litigation serves for society."
The tobacco companies, however, were in concert declaring the plaintiffs want the courts to ban cigarettes when legislatures have refused.
"Now, after more than two-and-a-half years of trial, tens of thousands of exhibits, millions of pages of productions, 76 witnesses and 31 expert reports, the plaintiffs have finally described what they are complaining about," lawyers for Imperial Tobacco prepared in a written response to the plaintiffs.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"Their entire case is based on the concept that somehow the product should be banned and should not have been put on the market at all, at any point. Indeed, their stated intention is to put the industry out of business."
The other tobacco companies being sued, Rothmans, Benson & Hedges and JTI-Macdonald, offered similar interpretations of the stakes of the lawsuit in their legal filings. Rothmans pointed out the courts have "repeatedly confirmed federal and provincial policy that selling cigarettes, despite their known dangers, should be lawful."
"Both the federal and Quebec governments, like governments throughout the world, chose quite deliberately to let adult consumers make their own choices about smoking," Rothmans says in its legal response.
JTI-Macdonald says Quebec's Superior Court has no jurisdiction to rescind government decisions "to regulate, rather than ban, the sale of cigarettes."
A judgment in the lawsuit is expected some time next year.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- The New York Giants can use their Week 17 matchup with the Washington Redskins as an opportunity to rest and heal some of its most valuable players. Or they can use it as a tune-up for the postseason.
This is the dilemma coach Ben McAdoo faces with the Giants locked into the NFC's fifth playoff slot. Their playoff positioning doesn't change win or lose on Sunday.
Ben McAdoo hasn't given any indication that he plans to rest his starters on Sunday. AP Photo/Evan Pinkus
If McAdoo plans on resting players, he sure did a good job of keeping it under wraps when they returned to work on Tuesday. Starting left guard Justin Pugh said he didn't even mention the playoffs until the team huddled following practice. The message even then was congratulations, be ascending going into the playoffs.
Expect those to be the buzzwords this week: “Be ascending going into the playoffs.”
McAdoo doesn't address the media until after practice on Wednesday. In the meantime, the Giants went about their business Tuesday as if it were any old week.
“I feel like [Tuesday] was business as usual,” Pugh said. “We didn't talk about the playoffs until coach called us up at the very end of practice today, so we were in there just not talking about it, and we were all Washington [Tuesday].”
The Giants starters are preparing to be on the field Sunday with the Redskins fighting for their playoff lives. Quarterback Eli Manning said Monday he wants to play. Running back Rashad Jenning said Tuesday that he expects Manning and the entire offense to play.
“Yes. Everyone is going to play Sunday,” Jennings said.
The reasoning in the locker room varied. Jennings said it was the next game on the schedule. The Giants want to win because they're competitors.
Wide receiver Victor Cruz seemed to agree. He didn't think they would do anything special to try to prepare the offense for the postseason.
“I think we just want to go out there and play,” Cruz said. “I don't think it's any emphasis on anything. I think offensively we want to go out there and perform and do what we're capable of doing; that's moving the ball down the field, putting the ball in the end zone and scoring touchdowns, and that's our only goal coming this week, and as of right now we're all playing. So we're going to prepare that way.”
Pugh thought Sunday afternoon in Maryland could serve a specific purpose. The Giants offense hasn't exactly been a juggernaut this season. They've yet to score 30 points in a game and haven't reached 20 points in any of their last four contests.
They're ranked 24th in total offense (330.6 yards per game) and 25th in points (19.4). Will Week 17 against the Redskins solve the problems?
“You can work on some of the things that obviously have plagued us thus far this season,” Pugh said. “Obviously we have done some really good things, we have 10 wins. There is a reason why we are in the playoffs. But to go out there and do some things, personally and as a unit, as an offensive line, we obviously have things that we want to work on from last week and you go out there and do that. And like I said before, you want to be ascending going into the playoffs, and we have a chance to do that going up against a tough divisional opponent in their place.”
The benefit of resting players is that it provides them extra time to heal or keep them fresh for the postseason. The Giants have more than a few players -- especially on defense -- dealing with minor injuries. Linebacker Jonathan Casillas (knee), defensive tackle Damon Harrison (knee) and cornerback Janoris Jenkins (back) come to mind.
Curiously, none were in the locker room during the media's open access period Tuesday.
The fear for the Giants or any team in their situation has to be key players getting hurt in a Week 17 game with no playoff implications. The players aren't concerned about that.
“I think that if you start trying to play to not get hurt then that is when you do get hurt,” Pugh said. “We have to go out there and do what you have always done, prepare like you have prepared; and this is the start of the playoffs for us. We are going on the road, keep working in hostile environments and learning how to play well on the road is something that we are going to have to get better at, and it is something that we are going to have to do in the playoffs. So this is a good first test for us.”
Maybe that is how McAdoo views it. It seems to be headed in that direction.
Surely the flag's defenders will proffer other, muddier, interpretations which allow them the luxury of looking away. In this way they honor their ancestors. Cowardice, too, is heritage. When the white supremacist John Wilkes Booth assassinated Abraham Lincoln 150 years ago, Booth's fellow travelers did all they could to disassociate themselves. “Our disgust for the dastardly wretch can scarcely be uttered,” fumed a former governor of South Carolina, the state where secession began. Robert E. Lee's armies took special care to enslave free blacks during their Northern campaign. But Lee claimed the assassination of the Great Emancipator was “deplorable.” Jefferson Davis believed that “it could not be regarded otherwise than as a great misfortune to the South,” and angrily denied rumors that he had greeted the news with exultation.
Villain though he was, Booth was a man who understood the logical conclusion of Confederate rhetoric:
“TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN”: Right or wrong. God judge me, not man. For being my motive good or bad, of one thing I am sure, the lasting condemnation of the North. I love peace more than life. Have loved the Union beyond expression. For four years have I waited, hoped and prayed for the dark clouds to break, and for a restoration of our former sunshine. To wait longer would be a crime. All hope for peace is dead. My prayers have proved as idle as my hopes. God's will be done. I go to see and share the bitter end … I have ever held the South were right. The very nomination of ABRAHAM LINCOLN, four years ago, spoke plainly, war—war upon Southern rights and institutions … This country was formed for the white, not for the black man. And looking upon African Slavery from the same stand-point held by the noble framers of our constitution. I for one, have ever considered if one of the greatest blessings (both for themselves and us,) that God has ever bestowed upon a favored nation. Witness heretofore our wealth and power; witness their elevation and enlightenment above their race elsewhere. I have lived among it most of my life, and have seen less harsh treatment from master to man than I have beheld in the North from father to son. Yet, Heaven knows, no one would be willing to do more for the negro race than I, could I but see a way to still better their condition.
By 1865, the Civil War had morphed into a war against slavery—the “cornerstone” of Confederate society. Booth absorbed his lesson too well. He did not violate some implicit rule of Confederate chivalry or politesse. He accurately interpreted the cause of Jefferson Davis and Robert E. Lee, men who were too weak to truthfully address that cause's natural end.
Moral cowardice requires choice and action. It demands that its adherents repeatedly look away, that they favor the fanciful over the plain, myth over history, the dream over the real. Here is another choice.
Take down the flag. Take it down now.
Put it in a museum. Inscribe beneath it the years 1861-2015. Move forward. Abandon this charlatanism. Drive out this cult of death and chains. Save your lovely souls. Move forward. Do it now.
Pekka Rinne has been able to play the best hockey of his career so far this season. Seriously, Rinne's numbers right now are the best in his career, outperforming his previous career best 5on5 save percentage from 2010-11 by almost a full percentage point. There is virtually no way he can sustain this for an entire season.
As I wrote about recently, the Predators are playing well, but their 5on5 PDO indicates luck is also on their side. The good news is their possession stats are here to stay. Unfortunately, Rinne's incredible performance so far has been a contributing factor to the high PDO. It's not impossible for Rinne to keep these numbers going for the next few weeks, months, or even the rest of the season. Last season, Semyon Varlamov helped carry the Avalanche to the playoffs due to his .935 5on5 save percentage. The season before, Corey Crawford led the Blackhawks to the President's Trophy and Stanley Cup riding a red hot .932 5on5 save percentage. It's not unheard of for a goalie to play above their career numbers for an entire season, but Rinne's are so far beyond what we would expect.
We don't know a goalie's true talent until he faces about 3,000-5,000 even strength shots. Once he has faced that many shots, his career save percentage tends to be the best predictor for what his true talent level is (obviously age factors into goalie predictions, but because Rinne isn't at that point yet, I'm going to disregard that for now). To date, Rinne has faced over 7,400 even strength shots so we can be pretty safe assuming his career all situations save percentage of .919 and 5on5 save percentage of .927 are both indicative of his true talent level. Both are very good numbers, but Rinne currently has an all situations save percentage of .932 and a 5on5 save percentage of .946 through 21 games this season.
The Predators are not in trouble if Rinne regresses back to his career numbers though. The table below shows the goal totals so far that Rinne has allowed and what should be expected based on his career numbers. It should be stated that we are using Rinne's career numbers as a reference. There's no telling what his save percentage will actually finish at or regress to. What we can say for sure, though, is that he will regress from where he is at.**
Career Sv% 2014-15 Sv% 2014-15 Expected Goals Against 2014-15 Actual Goals Against 5on5 .927 .946 36 Goals Against 25 Goals Against All Situations .919 .932 51 Goals Against 39 Goals Against
So far, Rinne has allowed 11 goals fewer than expected at 5on5 and 12 goals fewer for all situations. Eric T. over at Broad Street Hockey calculated that about 6 goals equates to one win. Using that logic, Rinne has improved the Predators record by about 2 wins compared to his career play; a huge increase over only 21 games. What do these numbers translate to if Rinne and the Predators continue this play for the entire season, however unlikely that may be?
Rinne averages 62 games played over a full season. We can then compare two different outcomes over 62 games for Rinne. The first one will use only his career numbers. The second outcome will use only numbers from this season. Both projections use Rinne's current shots against totals from this season of 22 shots against at 5on5 per game and 27 shots against at all situations.
Career Sv% 2014-15 Sv% Career Expected Goals Against Over 62 Games 2014-15 Expected Goals Against Over 62 Games 5on5 .927 .946 100 73 All Situations .919 .932 137 115
Rinne will be 27 goals against better at all situations if he continues this pace for the entire season. He would also be an incredible 34 goals better at 5on5. That would give the Predators 4-5 more wins on the season over using an "average Pekka Rinne". Rinne is already about 1 win better than the league-average goaltender over 60 games. Adding 5 wins to that would easily make him the best goalie in the league, far surpassing elites Henrik Lundqvist and Tuukka Rask. Rask's best year included a 5on5 save percentage of .942. It will be almost impossible for Rinne to put up numbers beyond that for an entire season.
When it comes down to it, Rinne cannot sustain his current play, but the inevitable regression is not as haunting as it seems. The difference between "Super Pekka" and "Average Pekka" is only 4-5 wins per season. Remember they already have 2 of those extra wins, and with a Score-Adjusted Fenwick of 54.5%, Nashville is top 5 in the league in possession and poised to make a run to win the division with or without those 3 remaining extra wins. Rinne, average or super, is a good thing for the Predators.
*All goalie numbers come from War On Ice. Score-Adjusted Fenwick comes from Puck On Net.
**A previous version incorrectly stated Rinne had faced over 7800 shots at 5on5, when the real number is 7426. Further, the statements "It should be stated that we are using Rinne's career numbers as a reference. There's no telling what his save percentage will actually finish at or regress to. What we can say for sure, though, is that he will regress from where he is at. " were added after the post was published due to the author feeling this needed to be added.
Now that the weather has turned cold in New York City, down is having its fashion moment. Every other person seems to be wearing the kind of brightly colored jackets once the province of serious climbers and hikers. On the streets of Manhattan I saw a dog wearing a puffer coat; several varieties of that style are available at Barneys. Right before Thanksgiving, a teen was shot at the Bryant Park ice rink over a Marmot down jacket, the Mammoth, also known as the “Biggie.”
I grew up in the snow-swept tundras of northern Minnesota and am well-acquainted with down's unparalleled warmth for clothes and bedding. The trouble with it then was finding a way to stuff it so that you didn't look like the Michelin Man. With new ways of sewing down into smaller tubular shapes (“baffles” as they are called), fashionable silhouettes are possible. And even after a brief flirtation with Thinsulate, hardcore companies that equip climbers for the real outdoors, like REI and North Face, always come back to down.
Advertisement:
What is down? “Down” generally refers to goose down (it is also sourced, but much less frequently, from ducks). It is the soft layer of tiny feathers closest to the bird's body. Cheap down jackets might not be made of down at all, but chopped large flight feathers that, because they are flat, will eventually line up with each other and result in a collapsed, sagging product that doesn't have the same kind of warmth. A single piece of down is called a “plumule,” basically a multidirectional puff. These plumules interlock and trap tiny pockets of air — it's actually this layer of air that keeps the cold out and the warmth in. Down provides about three times more warmth per ounce than synthetics; that is, it's warmer and lighter and doesn't mat down over time as synthetics will do. It's also resilient; I have a mid-length down coat that I can actually stuff into my handbag, a great disappearing act. Then it springs out, good as new.
Well-made down products thus can last a long time. I still use a nice down comforter from many years ago, and I used to joke while cuddling under it at night about nightmares of sad, plucked geese shivering in the cold.
That actually isn't that far from the truth.
Even if you are careful to buy only free-range eggs and non-factory farmed meat products, you might be shocked to learn that your comfy and fashionable down may have come at the price of an animal's suffering.
Down is often collected through a procedure called live plucking. Which is pretty much what it sounds like: A worker restrains the bird and rips out feathers by the handfuls, especially from the goose's underbelly but sometimes also from the back. Often, pieces of skin come off as well, the birds scream in terror and struggle to get away. Sometimes they die from the trauma. Just Google “down cruelty” and you'll find plenty of pictures of miserable, bald and dying geese straight from my nightmare. Animal rights groups contend that this practice encompasses 50-80 percent of all down.
Down obtained post-slaughter as a byproduct of meat production is considered less cruel, but it doesn't mean that the geese haven't been raised in crowded, inhumane factory-like conditions. According to Veterinary Practice News, “geese on Hungarian factory farms [where much of the world's down comes from] are raised in small areas that may contain up to 20,000 geese.” Gray geese, in particular, get the worst of both worlds: They are raised for down and foie gras (mostly in Hungary, where it is still legal; all EU nations but five have banned the raising of geese for foie gras), which means the birds often endure up to six rounds of live-plucking while being force-fed and then slaughtered for their swollen livers.
Advertisement:
So what's in your urban-hip down coat? Very little down is produced in the U.S., most of it is imported by a California company, Allied Feather & Down. According to Four Paws, an animal rights organization in Germany, Allied sources much of its down from, you guessed it, Hungary. Hungarian down is considered to be of the highest quality because the down plumule is larger than normal, making it warmer — which is why it makes perfect economic sense for the Hungarians to specialize in both down and foie gras. Any company that sources from Allied Feather & Down probably has some live-plucked and/or foie gras down, notably North Face, the “it” down jacket company. North Face currently has by far the largest market share — 33.5 percent of the U.S. outerwear market for 2012 as reported by SportsOneSource to the New York Times -- and is a favorite of celebrities such as the social activist Angelina Jolie and President Obama. A North Face representative told Salon the company is working on a “Responsible Down Standard,” but also confirmed that Allied Feather is unchanged as its source. Allied Feather did not respond to multiple requests for information on their down.
If you don't want to add to the suffering of geese but still want your down, what to do? A few options:
-- Buy used (hello, eBay!). Good-quality down doesn't lose much of its springiness (“loft” in down parlance) over the years.
-- Look for the DOWNMARK® label. Canadian down suppliers who are members of this organization are not allowed to live pluck.
Advertisement:
-- Stick with reliable companies that don't just say they are cruelty free but also do their homework:
Ikea, after an exposé on live-plucking appeared on the Swedish "60 Minutes"-esque “Kalla Fakta” TV show, independently verified the claim that 50-80 percent of the world's down comes from live-plucked birds including some of the down it uses in its furniture, and it subsequently canceled an order for China-sourced down (n.b., the China Feather and Down Industrial Association claims its own representative lied, and it denies the live-plucking claim). Ikea now no longer uses goose down at all and has switched mostly to synthetics (which have their own problems, as they're petroleum-based). When it does use down, it uses duck down, which, with fewer suppliers, is easier to monitor and trace than the goose variety.
Patagonia, like North Face, also contracted with Allied Feather, receiving assurances that its down was cruelty-free. However, under repeated pressure from Four Paws, Patagonia sent its own executives to Hungary to check on the conditions. While they saw no evidence of live-plucking, in an admirable show of transparency they shared that they learned that indeed the down was coming from foie gras geese. The company's spring 2013 line of ultralight down apparel utilizes ethically sourced “traceable down” that is certified to come neither from live-plucked nor foie gras geese, and in November, the company made a public commitment to using 100 percent traceable down.
Advertisement:
Westcomb has a line of down apparel made from Canadian Hutterite down. According to Downmark®, “Hutterites maintain free-range flocks in large fields in the vast Canadian Prairies … it is well known through visits by our members that live plucking does not occur.”
Down doesn't grow on trees. Live-plucked down is considered to be of superior quality because it hasn't been degraded/altered by the slaughtering process. So basically, the “best” down also might be the “worst.” But if you love animals and can't imagine ripping out the feathers of a terrified goose, you'd better take another look at your comforter and puffer jacket.
The city's free Wi-Fi hubs will be publicly launched this afternoon by Mayor Bill de Blasio near one of the recently installed kiosks along Third Avenue. LinkNYC, as the program is officially known, will see the conversion of several defunct pay phones into Wi-Fi hubs providing free internet and several other services. Four of the hubs went live last month, and according to a map on LinkNYC's website, a total of 15 are now operational along Third Avenue between East 14th Street all the way to up East 45th Street. Several others kiosks that are yet to go live have also been installed along that route.
By July this year, the city expects to install at least 510 kiosks throughout the five boroughs. When the four hubs went live last month they only had the free Wi-Fi capability. But with the public launch today, all the other functions of the kiosk will also go live.
Customers will be able to use a touchscreen, or a Link tablet as they are known, to make free phone calls to anywhere across the United States. They will also be able to look up directions, and find out about other city services. The kiosks also come with two free USB charging ports to charge devices.
Over the next eight years the city plans to install 7,500 such links throughout the city. Advertising displays on the kiosks will help generate $500 million for the city over the next 12 years.
· Four of NYC's New Wi-Fi Kiosks Are Now Live in Gramercy [Curbed]
· NYC's Defunct Pay Phones Begin Transition Into Wi-Fi Kiosks [Curbed]
“There's no decent men left to date.”
“Women only want flashy guys with lots of money who mess them around.”
“Dating websites/apps are full of shallow/shady people and people don't go out anymore.”
“Men in their thirties, forties, fifties and beyond are only interested in [women who are younger than me].”
“All everyone wants to do is screw around and never commit.”
“I'm not gonna find love. It's too hard and I can't afford to get hurt again.”
“Whether I go out with men or women, this whole dating thing is impossible.”
This is just a selection of the very common objections that I hear from men and women who are dating and trying to forge relationships. Sometimes I'll have someone use several of these objections in quick succession.
Let's forget about romantic relationships for a moment and pretend that we're talking about applying for a job.
“There are no decent jobs left.”
“Employers only want [people who are very different to me].”
“Recruitment websites/apps are only full of crap jobs and companies don't really advertise jobs anymore.”
“No matter what age I am, employers are looking for someone younger.”
“All companies only want to offer zero-hour contracts.”
“I'm never going to find a job/a job I love. It's too hard and I can't afford to get rejected/disappointed again.”
“No matter what job I do and how I do it, this whole seeking employment thing is impossible.”
Does this sound like someone who wants to get a job, who believes that that they can and will get a job eventually? Some of these objections sound like excuses not to even bother trying to look for a job or to stay in a job while complaining about it.
What type of energy do you think that this person would bring to their job search? Would they feel optimistic with awareness that it might not be easy and that there would undoubtedly be effort and disappointments involved, or would they be heavy-hearted with lots of negative chatter crowding in? How would this sense of defeat affect which jobs they applied for or how they come across in an interview? Is this person open or closed to the possibility of finding a job that resonates with them?
Our relationships begin even before we meet the person we become involved with. Our relationships are founded on the one we have with ourselves and this means that we have to consider the thoughts that we feed us and the way that we treat ourselves.
The person who says they're looking for a job while already having written off the possibilities, has made up their mind in advance and this has a significant impact on what comes next. It's the same with dating.
All of the above dating beliefs tell you about the way these people feel about themselves. They tell the story of past experiences that they're fearful of recreating.
If you have already decided that you're not going to find love or have decided that there are no decent available partners left, why are you on a dating website or app? Why are you trying to meet people while out and about? What is the purpose?
Are you dating and proceeding into relationships because you feel as if it's what you ‘should' do even though you don't want to?
Are you doing it to get you off your own back so that when it all goes wrong you can tell you that you were right that it's a waste of time or that you're not ‘good enough'?
There is no point in dating from this place. You've already made up your mind. You're looking to confirm not to be open to learning or truly participating.
You're either dragging your feet to dating like the teenager that doesn't want to go to family functions and passive-aggressively participates or you're punishing you for what you feel is wrong with you and that's a bloody awful way to treat you.
Think about it: If you already think that dating sucks, that the Dating Apocalypse came and wiped out every decent available partner, and that basically, you don't stand a chance, are you going to be open-minded, dating with awareness, and showing up or, are you going to be skeptical, guarded, and wary of putting ‘too much' of you into it? This all affects the type of partner you will settle for.
People who don't rate their chances or who think that the dating pool is full of low quality partners, lower their boundaries and standards to accommodate this thought process, which inadvertently reaffirms the negative beliefs and puts them in a vicious cycle. They set themselves up to fail.
If you don't end up settling for less, you might become jaded and even terrified of dating after too many bad experiences and avoid it, or you will feel at odds with people who don't chime with the beliefs that you have. This means that you might meet somebody who on some level you recognise fits with your pattern and beliefs but then proceed anyway as a means of trying to be the exception to the rule and then feel wounded, or because you feel attached to how you see things, write off someone different to your pattern as “boring” or “too nice” or “lacking chemistry/passion”.
Dating isn't easy and it becomes exceptionally tough when we are unaware of where we are getting in our own way and setting ourselves up to fail.
Before you write off love, relationships and yourself, take a good look at your relationship pattern and acknowledge where there are similarities either in how your partners act, the circumstances in how you meet, how the relationship unfolds, the way that you act, think and feel around them, and whether this reflects any similarities with a parent/caregiver or even a past bully.
Patterns always have a ‘type' in there so running into problem after problem with your type is life's way of telling you that whoever you're chasing in one package (and possibly trying to right the wrongs of the past with), it isn't for you. Whether it's someone else's vision for you or the manifestation of what you're trying to avoid or reclaim from the past, repeatedly being involved with variations of the same person and/or experiencing variations of the same habits of thinking, feeling and behaviour, is a message from life telling you to let go of your type and what you think a relationship partner looks like. It's telling you to let go and expand. It's telling you to ‘correct' your assumptions and beliefs.
It doesn't mean that you won't encounter disappointments with dating but instead of feeling wounded that you haven't been on your last date, you know that you have let go of what isn't right for you so that you can be available for what is.
Your thoughts?
Save
UPDATE: The copyright debate over Power/Rangers has been settled and the film is back on YouTube and Vimeo. Click there to see both. Original story follows with the update after.
One of the biggest movie stories this week was the release of Power/Rangers, a professionally made, R-rated fan film based on the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. Directed by Joseph Kahn (Torque) and produced by Adi Shankar (Dredd), the Power Rangers short film put a dark, kinetic spin on the '90s cartoon. Fans seemed to enjoy it but two groups who didn't like the short were Saban Brands, the company who owns the Rangers, and members of the original cast.
Below, read about the copyright claim, the reactions of the original Rangers and find out how you can watch the Power Rangers short film now.
UPDATE: 2/28. Deadline reported on the dispute described below being settled. The biggest change is that each version now has a disclaimer explaining that this isn't official. Joseph Kahn said the following:
They put these disclaimers on so kids don't confuse our super-violent film with their Power Rangers brand. There are no hard feelings. We signed contracts. We can play it anywhere we want on all platforms. I think they realized that people just want to see it.
The film is now available on YouTube and Vimeo.
Original story from 2/27 follows:
First up – if you missed the Power/Rangers short online, the only place to watch it at the moment is Facebook. Watch it at this link.
The Power Rangers short film was first taken off Vimeo, but the real blow was when it was taken off YouTube on Thursday. Saban Brands claimed copyright infringement while Kahn and Shankar claimed fair use. Admittedly, there's a grey area there where Saban does have the rights to the property and the short film only uses some of their visual ideas. Plus, there's a perceived difference between a couple of kids making a Power Rangers movie, and the work of a professional director and producer with high-end effects and well-established actors like James Van Der Beek and Katee Sackhoff.
Here's how Shankar responded to the situation via Collider:
Today, I was deeply disappointed to learn that Saban Brands decided to attack my Power/Rangers “Bootleg Universe One-Shot” film. To all the viewers that enjoyed this film, I consider this an outright infringement on freedom of expression and individualism. I set out to make this film because I am a childhood fan of the Power Rangers. As children our retinas are burned with iconic images and as we grow older these images come to represent crucial moments within the trajectories of our own lives. This film is a homage to the original creators of the Power Rangers, and a parody of a television series we all grew up loving. Films like my Power/Rangers “Bootleg” are vital expressions of creativity in our troubled world. If we suppress this creativity and become passive participants in the consumption of the culture we live in, we implicitly allow a dangerous precedent to be set for the future of the internet.
So that's one response to the movie. Want to read some others? Sure you do.
The former Green and White ranger, Jason David Frank, was not a fan:
I know there are a lot of fans out there that love it and all that stuff, but I'm just a PG-13 guy. The cuss words, the drugs, all this other stuff — it doesn't fly with me. The problem is, [the Power Rangers] are still connected with adults and kids. The ‘Super Megaforce' and ‘Power Ranges Dino Charge' are still on Nickelodeon, and so you can't take a brand like this and reboot it so dark and gritty. This still is a kids' brand.
What about his teammates? The Black Ranger, Walter Jones, posted this:
I wont be posting the video of the Power Rangers deboot video because I still have fans that are kids. I will say… I thought it was very well done and entertaining. I am looking foward to other interpretations of this amazing show. I am blessed to have had the pleasure of helping to create here in the states! Its Morphing Time!!
And then the Pink ranger, Amy Jo Johnson:
Okay… so you've ALL probably seen this already. BUT just wanted to share. Personally I think it's kind of awesome. BUT don't tell Saban that!! I might get sued. [wink emoticon] And it's clearly NOT for KIDS!!
Thanks to Comic Book Movie for grabbing those reactions.
Where do you fall on this? Love it? Hate it? Legal? Illegal? And you can ask the director about it later this afternoon.
Shayla Miller had never been to a school dance – until this past weekend when University of North Dakota goalie Zane McIntyre took her to her senior prom.
Miller, 18, has had a lot to overcome in her life – she was born with hydrocephalus, cerebral palsy and Goldenhar syndrome – but is always happy and energetic, despite undergoing 16-plus surgeries in 17 years, the Life in Shayla's Eyes Facebook page says.
The Warren, Minnesota, native is also a die-hard UND hockey fan. And when her favorite player asked her to prom, she couldn't have been more excited.
“This was something really special to do with Shayla, who is a really absolutely incredible person, couldn't have shared it with a better person at all,” McIntyre told WDAZ.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
McIntyre, dressed in his jersey, didn't bring flowers for Miller, WDAZ notes, but instead gave her memorabilia for her UND hockey collection.
The two snapped selfies, took a tour around town in a convertible, before heading to dinner and then the dance, where they drew the loudest applause of any couple during the grand march before they danced the night away.
This embed is invalid
Miller told WDAZ the best part of her senior prom was hanging out with McIntyre, whom she calls her best friend.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
McIntyre has met Miller several times through family and community events, and he says she's always been an inspiration to him. So when he found out Miller wanted to go to prom with him, it wasn't hard for him to say yes, the Grand Forks Herald reported.
This embed is invalid
But Skye is not alone. The car is still first choice for many in Melbourne's growth areas, where public transport remains scarce despite swelling populations, according to Australian Bureau of Statistics data released last week. The map below shows the proportion of journeys to work in a suburb that are by car: Across greater Melbourne, more than 1.3 million people, or 74 per cent, rely solely on cars to get to work. This compares with just 13 per cent using public transport. The Andrews government has started building the $11 billion Melbourne Metro Tunnel – a project set to boost rail patronage by 39,000 people by running three of the busiest lines through a new tunnel.
But that's nine years away. By then, Melbourne's population will have grown to nearly 6 million. Motorists enduring traffic woes on the West Gate Bridge will see no reprieve for another five years, if the government's proposed $5.5 billion toll road, the West Gate Tunnel – which would provide an alternative to the bridge – goes ahead. Meanwhile, plans are still being finalised for another tollway, the North East Link, designed to reduce congestion in the north. So what's Melbourne's short-term transport plan? Do we have one?
Boosting bus services from more than 30 to every10 minutes, granting buses priority lanes to avoid delays, and redirecting inefficient routes, are quick-fix solutions, said Monash University public transport professor Graham Currie. "It's easy to blame a lack of competition in the industry dominated by family-run legacy businesses, but ultimately, the government needs to invest in more bus services." 2. Encouraging carpooling Carpooling has taken off in Europe, but is yet to be embraced by Melburnians. Fitting three people per car instead of one would alleviate traffic, said veteran traffic and civil engineer Des Grogan, but people needed to be encouraged through access to transit lanes and an exemption from road tolls.
Under-used car-parking facilities at Werribee, Sandown and Flemington racecourses could also be used for shared cars, while drop-off and pick-up locations could be distributed across the CBD or the city fringe during the peak, Mr Grogan said. Riders could book a car on an app, and the option should be offered by taxis, he said. 3. Ten-minute train services A new station in a marginal seat impresses voters with "shiny infrastructure", but a boost to services is urgently needed, Public Transport Users Association secretary Dr Tony Morton said.
Increasing train services to every 10 minutes has already been carried out on the Dandenong and Frankston lines between peak periods, but it should be available to commuters across the network, Dr Morton said. The move would increase driver employment and would not require any new infrastructure or rolling stock, making this the easiest and cheapest way to boost the train network. 4. Road charges The TomTom Traffic Index ranks Melbourne as the 58th most congested city in the world, not far below New York and Seattle. Melbourne University economist Dr Leslie Martin recently analysed how 1400 Melburnians responded to congestion and cordon charges.
The study found that when participants were charged for using busy roads during peak hour, those drivers chose another route to avoid the penalty. This proved that the charges worked, Dr Martin said. Discounting vehicle registration fees and petrol taxes would ease the burden on low-income earners, who were not major contributors to road congestion, she said. 5. Improve bike access to trains Improving bike parking at tram stops and train stations is one simple way to boost public transport use, said transport infrastructure expert Dr Chris Hale. In a 2014 research paper, Dr Hale identified Melbourne train stations that were most commonly accessed by cyclists. He found that, among them, only 4 to 7.5 per cent of the station's commuters travelled there on bikes.
Q. How soon can I pre-order Call of Duty®: Black Ops II to get the Nuketown 2025 map?
A. Fans who pre-order Call of Duty: Black Ops II now will get the Nuketown 2025 downloadable bonus map when Call of Duty: Black Ops II releases this November 13th. If you already pre-ordered the game then you're all set, and you will be able to download the bonus map when Call of Duty: Black Ops II launches.
Q. Where will the pre-order program be available?
A. It will be available through most retailers worldwide.
Q: How do I make sure I can get Nuketown 2025?
A. Nuketown 2025 will be available to any customer who pre-orders their copy of Call of Duty: Black Ops II at participating retailers worldwide. Pre-ordering will secure you a launch unit of Call of Duty: Black Ops II that will include the Nuketown 2025 downloadable bonus map.
Q. When will Nuketown 2025 become available to me?
A. The Nuketown 2025 map will be available for download when Call of Duty: Black Ops II releases worldwide on November 13, 2012.
Q. Will it be available on all platforms?
A. Nuketown 2025 will be available on Xbox 360, Playstation 3 and PC. Pre-orders will also be accepted through Steam. Simply follow the instructions to download through your console or PC.
Q. Is Nuketown 2025 locked on the disc?
A. No. Nuketown 2025 is a download.
Q. Does the Nuketown 2025 downloadable bonus map offer apply to me if I already pre-ordered Call of Duty: Black Ops II?
A. Yes.
Q. What if I don't preorder, can I still get the Nuketown 2025 bonus map?
A. The Nuketown 2025 downloadable map comes with each launch unit of Call of Duty: Black Ops II. So the best way to ensure you get the Nuketown 2025 downloadable map is to pre-order your copy of Call of Duty: Black Ops II now.
Q. Do Elite Premium members get this map on day one?
A. Everyone who pre-orders a copy of Call of Duty: Black Ops II gets Nuketown 2025 on Day One. This offer has no affiliation with Call of Duty Elite or the Call of Duty: MW3 Season of Content.
©2012 Activision Publishing, Inc. ACTIVISION, CALL OF DUTY, CALL OF DUTY BLACK OPS and stylized roman numeral II are trademarks of Activision, Publishing, Inc.
This is a guest blog post by Melvin Yeo, a 22 year old Singaporean studying economics at UCL. He will become a civil servant after graduating.
I find it difficult to decide what to have for lunch at the best of times but I took up a government scholarship before I was twenty. This means that after I graduate, I will work for the civil service for a period of six years as part of my bond. Everyone is thrown into the deep end when we are nowhere near mature enough to make such huge life decisions, but we have to make the best out of what we end up with. After all, university is the best time to experiment and find out what really piques our own interests.
Despite having a job at the end of the line, I told myself not to close off any options but instead continue to explore my interests and further develop myself. The first step is to get involved in societies that are of interest to you. Passion often brings out the best in people and compels them to push themselves beyond what they were previously capable of.
Similarly, volunteering can be an enriching or even life-changing experience. I started volunteering locally in London schools but then decided to take the plunge and join a Global Brigade for a Microfinance volunteering project in Honduras. Working with like-minded people to instigate improvements in the life of others ranks as one of the best experiences of my life.
Volunteering is always a two way street; we may think that we're simply helping out the other party, but we can learn so much from them at the same time. In Honduras, I discovered that people could be incredibly generous despite having so little. People seem so much more miserable, closed and unkind in the developed world. So it sounds cliché, but I learned from them that I had to be more grateful for what I had in the UK. It can be described as a journey of self-discovery and development.
It also helped me to discover my home – London. Hondurans have to walk or cycle miles to go to school or have a graze looked at by the nearest health centre. They put in a lot to gain a little, and I realised I could do the same in my home city. I could travel further on the tube to an event that I thought wasn't worth going to. If I couldn't think of anything else more worthwhile, then I might as well go.
Volunteering allowed me to re-interpret how I evaluate everything. I realised the importance of my emotional as well as material needs; maintaining meaningful connections with family and friends suddenly became a lot more important. At home, it requires more deliberation and conscious check-ins to make sure that you're living with intention. For most students, that intention should be simply to follow their passion and try to turn it into a full-time job after university.
London is a buzzing hive of opportunities and you'll find great things to get involved with, no matter your specific area of interest. Hence why I'd recommend coming to a university here. On every street corner there will be a renowned company name that is the best in its field. Being interested in media, I applied to the advertising agency M&C Saatchi. Stepping into its state of the art offices for the first time felt surreal. Schools routinely offer internships to BAE and Rolls-Royce, classic British brands that make this country a true economic powerhouse.
Who needs Singapore when you could be in London?
When I saw adverts for these internships, I quickly followed the companies on Twitter and started interacting with some of their employees about the topics they were interested in. Nerdily, I even Googled those topics so I would have something interesting to say. But I grabbed their attention and then edged into the topic of internships, asking the professionals for advice on application success. Even in just 140 characters, they gave some pretty useful nuggets of advice.
They told me about a certain event I could go to, public lectures I could listen to, accounts I should follow and certain things I could suggest that my university societies do for their students. I asked the professionals for further advice but left a certain amount of time so as not to annoy them. Specific, simple, punchy questions seem to be the way to get through to them.
Although I was not considering a career in finance, I went to networking events with banks (not least because of the free food and wine) to learn more about the industry and to see why everyone was hell-bent on getting a job in investment banking. I applied for internships, even though I could not take one under the terms of my scholarship, just to practise my interview skills. I liked being put under pressure and learned a great deal about myself and the way I communicate.
Believe me, phone and Skype interviews might sound like a piece of cake but they are incredibly difficult simply because they leave no margin for error. Your responses have to be instant, intelligent and insightful. That means being in a state of total calm and composure before going into the interview room or opening up the laptop. It's like stepping into an exam hall but not being able to show your nerves. Knowledge about the company should be stored up in your head, but you need a subtle and strategic way of getting it across to the interviewer, rather than just reciting what you read on Wikipedia that morning.
Doing these interviews both shattered and re-built my confidence, stronger than ever before. I never took up a job over the one I already have in store, but it was nice to know that I was readying myself in case of a future career change. Networking with companies from various industries also gave me a more diverse group of contacts and friends to call on in future.
At the end of the day whatever we learn in university is of little consequence; it is what we have done that will be of value. I always thought ‘comfort zone' was a cliché until I pushed myself to do things I thought I never would be able to do. Once you experience life outside of that zone, the phrase suddenly makes a whole lot more sense.
Before coming to teach as an adjunct at Leland, I taught for a few years at a large state university in Virginia. One course I taught was Critical Thinking. It was a required course for all incoming first-year students. And one can guess the range of students I would get every fall semester: some earnest about the class, others interested mainly in getting by without too much work, and those in the middle of this range.
As an introduction to Critical Thinking, I would explain the difference between “critical” and “critical” (as in “critical thinking”). The first sense of “critical” is familiar to us all: as one dictionary puts it, “inclined to find fault or to judge with severity, often too readily.” All of us would want to avoid this description of ourselves naturally. But the sense of “critical” in “critical thinking” has an entirely different definition. One longish definition from the field of critical thinking runs as follows:
Critical thinking is the intellectually disciplined process of actively and skillfully conceptualizing, applying, analyzing, synthesizing, and/or evaluating information gathered from, or generated by, observation, experience, reflection, reasoning, or communication, as a guide to belief and action. [A statement by Michael Scriven & Richard Paul, presented at the 8th Annual International Conference on Critical Thinking and Education Reform, Summer 1987].
So after this clarification, we would proceed with the rest of the course in Critical Thinking. Long story short, for some students the discipline of critical thinking was alien. Perhaps a little too strong of a term. If not “alien,” it was “unnatural,” to the extent that critical thinking was not a natural way that a good number of students thought through things. Texts in Critical Thinking of course recognize that our natural modes of thinking sometimes lead us astray. For example, thinking based on sheer emotion, appeal to (illegitimate) authority, ad hominen attacks, appeal to fear, guilt by association, and numerous others. An implicit agenda in a course like CT is to instill in students the awareness of their style or mode of thinking. To foster self-awareness in one's thinking!
Now coming to Leland and teaching future pastors, teachers, and leaders in a theological educational setting, I've found a similar challenge: how do I help our students to think critically? Thinking critically as they read the assigned texts, as they write papers, as they reflect on their own theology, et cetera. Here, too, for some students, this way of thinking is not “natural.” In addition, this way of thinking can feel “unspiritual” or “unchristian.” The struggle to become critical, Christian thinkers is a real struggle of the heart and mind. The struggle to gauge what's presented critically without the critical attitude. To consider the theology and perspective of others critically and appreciatively without arrogance and lack of respect. We as theological instructors, like it or not, model a type of thinking. Courses in Critical Thinking can be of immense help. But outside this kind of explicit attention on critical thinking, we as instructors can still help our students. By modeling – by saying aloud what we are thinking, by voicing how we've come to certain conclusions, by sharing our doubts and uncertainties about certain matters – by offering our students a living example of critical thinking – all this can go a long ways in strengthening our students in this area.
In closing, I speak as a student who also learned by seeing a wonderful exemplar of critical thinking. I had many great teachers throughout my education. But one stands out, in part because of his modeling of critical (I should add, appreciative and honest) thinking: Nicholas Wolterstorff. His seminars, conversations, and books have, quite simply, profoundly shaped the way I think as a Christian. My desire for my students is to convey some of what I've learned about critical thinking as I have been so blessed.
Advertisements
You would think that the world's most expensive gas station would be in a high-priced city like New York or Tokyo, but it is in fact in one of the most war torn places in the world–Afghanistan. According to a report from October 2015 by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR), the Department of Defense spent a whopping $43 million to build a gas station that few cars could even use.
The Task Force for Business and Stability Operations (TFBSO) was the government entity in charge of building a compressed natural gas (CNG) station in the city of Sheberghan, Afghanistan, that would take advantage of Afghanistan's large natural gas reserves and reduce the amount of foreign imports. They awarded a contract in 2011 to Central Asian Engineering to build a CNG station on Afghan government land for just under $3 million. The gas station was completed in 2012 and later given over to a company called Qashqari Oil and Gas Services to run in May 2014. The company didn't renew their business license 6 months later.
The report stated that between 2011 and 2014 the TFBSO spent $42,718,739 for the construction and initial operation of the gas station with the amount being broken down to about $30 million in overhead costs and $12.3 million in direct costs. A comparative CNG station in neighboring Pakistan was found to cost $306,000. The cost for a car to be converted to run on CNG was about $700 which was more than what an Afghani made on average in an entire year–$690. The U.S. government paid to convert 120 Afghan vehicles, but SIGAR found that no other vehicles were converted. The infrastructure for the transmission of natural gas wasn't even in place enough to make CNG accessible.
While it seems like a mystery why the station was built in the first place, an even bigger mystery is why the Department of Defense (DOD) had no answers where all the money went and why it was so expensive to build the station. The DOD was unable to provide any documentation to SIGAR or even supply a feasibility study. And to make matters worse on finding answers, the TFBSO, which was supposed to report directly to the DOD, closed down in May 2015. Chalk this one up to another prime government boondoggle and tax dollars that will never be seen again.
Sources: SIGAR, NPR, ABC News, Fox News, Zero Hedge
Top Image Source: SIGAR
Bluetooth Wireless Earbuds
Enjoy the freedom of wireless music! Bluetooth Wireless Earbuds deliver premium wireless audio without cumbersome cables!
• Premium wireless earbuds
• Compatible with all Bluetooth devices, including all iPhones, iPads, Samsung Galaxies and all other Android devices
• Rechargeable battery
• Charges via USB with included cable
• Music play time: up to 5 hours
• Speakerphone talk time: up to 6 hours
• Speakerphone functions: call answer / call end / call reject
• Standby time: up to 300 hours
• Multi point connections: Connect up to 2 devices at the same time
• Bluetooth V3.0 + EDR
• Wireless range: up to 10m (30 ft.)
• Sweat-proof design
• Charge time: 1 hour
• Voice prompts announce low battery, out of range and pairing status
• Ergonomic design
• Includes ear hooks and three sizes of ear gels for optimum fit
• Onboard controls: Play / Pause / Stop / Volume + / Volume -
• Noise reducing technology
• Rechargeable battery
• Charges via USB with included cable
Sharper Image branded items purchased from SharperImage.com include a 1-year limited replacement warranty.
Between the two luminous bodies there is nothing until they touch. Once these luminous bodies touch, there is light. This is a unique lamp in that you physically have to make the connection in a way not many people are aware of when they turn on any other light source. You close the loop yourself, you make that electricity flow. This is “Touching Lamp” and it's designed by Shay Carmon and Ben Klinger, who've left the light at 12 volts so it's completely safe to touch.
You might get a tiny little zip zap rap, but you wont get hurt. Have you ever touched a live socket wire? That's the one that hurts. This one's voltage is low enough that I daresay it'd be considered safe for the home. Probably still not for the littlest kids though. They get crazy.
All of the lamps parts are exposed. Electric wires are replaced by aluminum strips embedded in the oak beams, all aluminum joints work as conductors, and the lightshade, also made of aluminum, works as both a switch and a reflector to direct light.
Each luminous body has two joints, all four together give this lamp giant freedom of movement and countless combinations of display possiblities.
Made of aluminum and oak wood.
Designers: Shay Carmon & Ben Klinger
Listen, pizzas are for eating. Whatever else you do with them — and we won't judge you but also do not necessarily want to know — you're probably on your own, so far as injuries go. That being said, whoever runs the Domino's UK Twitter account is more than patient than someone else might be when dealing with complaints of alleged burns incurred during pizza fornication.
In an exchange that could possibly be a joke and might definitely constitute “misuse of the pizza,” a customer who is just so darn mad that he burned his bits while he “made love” to a pizza unleashed a series of all caps tweets at Domino's asking for advice.
He started things off asking for how to get a refund after his too-hot-to-handle encounter. We've taken his tweets out of all caps for easier reading (H/T to Gawker):
“Hello I've just made love to one of your pizzas and burnt my penis severely. Please advise on your terms for a refund, thanks.”
At first the Twitter account just issues a standard response: “Please contact our head office – comments@dominos.co.uk regarding this matter.”
That's not enough for the supposedly enraged customer, who goes on to call it a “fob off,” and says “your staff should inform customers about the dangers of making love to your pizza. Why is this not in place?”
And still, Domino's maintains a straight Twitter face: “Our apologies, we will look for a way to notify customers of this in future. Thank you for bringing this to our attention.”
He goes on to outline the specific injuries he's suffered during the ordeal, involving something about pepperoni and a scorched bit of anatomy that you can read on your own, if you'd like. Domino's won't take the bait, instead directing him again, to contact the head office.
But when the customer goes on to allege that the pizza now wants to get into some oral sex, and another Twitter user chimes in that he should really contact the “head” office (nudge nudge, wink wink), Domino's reiterates its advice to do so.
It tweeted: “It is definitely recommended, as that is not what is expected of our pizzas. We raised them better than that!”
It's not that Domino's is mad at you, pizzas. It's just… disappointed.
You can follow MBQ on Twitter where she will not ever claim to have had sexual relations with a pizza: @marybethquirk
LOST ISLE — Some believe him, some don't, but David Wheeler insists that come next spring, the long-dormant and debauched Delta party spot Lost Isle will once again serve its famous Mai Tais, host wet T-shirt contests and sponsor raucous concerts — just like days gone by.
The adult paradise has been shuttered since 2009, a year after a man was fatally stabbed there in one of a string of controversies. Wheeler says he has all the permits needed to get started, and plans to build a new restaurant, bar and stage in a major upgrade to the facilities that date back to the 1940s. The businessman and accountant says he expects the rum to flow again in April 2018 at the island resort about 20 miles east of Discovery Bay.
“We have all we need to get it open again,” Wheeler said in a recent phone interview. “I have a lot of money invested. It will take years to get the money back.”
Wheeler hopes to begin construction later this summer once the island dries out. Lost Isle resort is located on Acker Island, which for the first time since 1998, is flooded because of heavy snow melt, with about 6 inches to a foot of water creating a swamp, Wheeler said. He owns 10 acres of the western tip of the island, which makes up the palm tree-lined, Tiki-themed Lost Isle resort.
A Stockton Record column announced the reopening plans last month, and Wheeler said he has been inundated with Lost Isle alumni inquiries since.
“Half don't believe we'll ever open again, the other half can't wait,” Wheeler said.
The resort and its $7 16-ounce and $9 24-ounce Mai Tais used to attract 50,000 boaters over a summer, including as many as 8,000 people over a hot three-day weekend, Wheeler said. He plans to keep the resort open year-round — and its sinful reputation.
“We still intend to have a calendar of events and abide by all the laws. I'm sure the sheriff will be watching us closely,” he said, adding that the resort will have to deal with the proliferation of smartphones and social media. “We'll need to be on top of it.”
Lost Isle closed in 2009 after profits plunged following the loss of a valid entertainment permit allowing dancing, a DJ and live music, and a sagging economy. That same year, a man was fatally stabbed at the resort.
Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date on East Bay news with our free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
John Funderburg, the principal project planner for the San Joaquin County Community Development Department, said Wheeler now has all the various agency approvals needed to start working on the resort.
“They wanted to do some improvements to the island. Permits have already been issued,” Funderburg said. “It's on them now to get building permits and inspections and reopen.”
In addition to the bar, stage and restaurant, Wheeler will replace the dock, allowing 100 boats to tie up. He also wants to dredge to provide better marine access. He says he's talking to contractors to start the work soon.
The island will look much different from the one Wheeler bought in 1996.
“I'd been out there for bachelor parties in my younger days,” the Walnut Creek native said. “At the time, I thought, ‘What moron would buy that place?' But it does have: location, location, location,” he said.
Wheeler, at the time, was a Chuck E Cheese franchisee and wanted to expand his restaurant portfolio.
“It's really just a Chuck E. Cheese for adults,” he said.
Bill Wells, executive director of the California Delta Chambers and Visitors Bureau, said Lost Isle is a boon for the Delta. From boat rentals, gas sales, restaurant revenue to docking fees, the region gets a boost when the resort is operational, he said.
“If it opens next April, that would be fantastic. It's a Delta icon,” Wells said. “We get inquiries from all across the country about it. Some just hear the legends of Lost Isle and have questions.”
On a Lost Isle Facebook page, the rumored re-opening has prompted excitement, and even more skepticism.
“I will believe it when I am belly up to the bar, with Mai Tais in both hands,” wrote one person.
“By the time it opens, the only people that remember it exists and still waiting to party will be older than dirt,” another wrote, “so better have some split pea soup at the bar and some slower DJs.”
Law enforcement agencies carried out the raid acting on information taken from a suspected militant arrested in Mymensingh's Trishal last night, said a police source seeking anonymity. [iframe id="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WGOxSdTNEXg" mode="normal" autoplay="no"] Counter-Terrorism and Transnational Crime (CTTC) unit Chief Monirul Islam confirmed the deaths to the Dhaka Tribune. A member of CTTC has identified the other two militants as Manik, 35, and Iqbal 25.Read more:A joint team of the CTTC unit, Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) and local police started the operation in a three-storied building around 9:36am and continued till 10:35am, said Narayanganj Additional Police Super Faruk Hossain. They cordoned off the building from the early hours, said the police official. [caption id="attachment_12640" align="aligncenter" width="732"]SWAT team returning after the Paikpara area raid[/caption] The joint force and the militants exchanged heavy gunshots frequently, he added. Faruk also said the militants have burnt some materials believed to be important documents of their activities inside the building during the drive. [caption id="attachment_12641" align="aligncenter" width="756"]Photo: Mahmud Hossain Opu/Dhaka Tribune[/caption] Read more:
What is the Main Character Resolve? Does your Main Character Change his way of dealing with the problem at the heart of the story (such as Ebeneezer Scrooge's switch to generosity in A Christmas Carol) or remain Steadfast in his convictions (such as the innocent Dr. Richard Kimble in The Fugitive)? Read question
What is the Main Character Growth? Does your Main Character grow by adopting a new useful trait (Start) or by outgrowing an old inappropriate one (Stop)? Read question
What is the Main Character Approach? Is your Main Character a Be-er who mentally adapts to his environment (such as Rick Blaine in Casablanca) or a Do-er who physically changes his environment (such as John McClane in Die Hard)? Read question
What is the Main Character Problem-Solving Style? Does your Main Character use a Linear problem-solving style (such as Clarice Starling in The Silence of the Lambs) or a Holistic problem-solving style (such as Tom Wingo in The Prince of Tides)? Read question
What is the Story Driver? Is the overall story driven by Actions first (such as the time travelers arriving in The Terminator) or Decisions first (such as Daniel Hillard's decision to impersonate a woman in Mrs. Doubtfire)? Read question
What is the Story Limit? Is your overall story brought to its climax by running out of Time (such as the 18 days to save the earth in Armageddon) or by running out of Options (such as Thelma and Louise driving over the cliff in Thelma and Louise)? Read question
What is the Story Outcome? Do your character's efforts to achieve the overall story goal result in Success (such as killing the shark in Jaws) or Failure (such as not being able to open the dinosaur theme park in Jurassic Park)? Read question
What is the Story Judgment? Does the Main Character resolve his personal problems and feel Good (such as Luke finally trusting his skills in Star Wars) or not resolve them and feel Bad (such as Clarice Starling still being haunted by her childhood memories in The Silence of the Lambs)? Read question
What is the Overall Story Throughline? If you pull back and look at the story from a bird's eye view, which general area best describes the nature of the problems ALL the characters are dealing with? Does the story's conflicts stem from a Situation, an Activity, a Fixed Attitude, or Manipulations? Read question
What is the Overall Story Concern? Which area of concern are ALL the characters in your story interested in or worried about regarding the overall story goal? Read question
What is the Overall Story Issue? What is the thematic issue that affects all of your characters in your story? Read question
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Inside a Canadian Arctic cargo ship
Canada is staking its claim to Arctic waterways and mineral resources - as are Russia, the US, Norway and other regional powers. All are meeting in Moscow this week in an attempt to head off an international dispute.
Just before midnight and in the cold of approaching winter, we boarded the Hudson Bay Explorer in the Arctic port of Churchill. Tethered to our 110ft tug by a heavy steel cable was an enormous barge, laden with vehicles, construction materials, even a metal shed.
We were to tow this north towards the Arctic Ocean and to the isolated communities that live along the western shore of the Hudson Bay. It's a landscape of tundra, inaccessible by roads: ships like this are a lifeline for Canada's remote north.
As we ploughed through the inky night in our small tug, I rolled around in a top bunk to the sound of engines churning.
In the morning, I could see nothing in any direction - no land, no ships - just the slate grey of the sea.
Seasonal ice
Hudson Bay is enormous - more than three times bigger than the UK - and here we were, a tiny speck, 20 miles west of the coast, heading north. Our destination was barely 150 miles from our starting point, but at a speed of less than 7 knots and hauling thousands of tonnes through agitated seas, it was going to take us a long time.
Still, in a few weeks this journey won't even be possible. This corner of Hudson Bay is the first to freeze; soon ice will choke or cover the sea all the way up to the North Pole.
In the far north, ice is permanent. At lower latitudes it is seasonal. And as the earth warms up, polar ice is melting more quickly and over a greater area. In fact the latest surveys recorded the amount of summer polar ice at the third lowest level on record.
The result is that in the summer, stretches of sea that are normally blocked are now opening up to shipping.
"Global warming is going to change the face of the north," Captain Richard Lambert told me on the bridge of the Hudson Bay Explorer. He has nearly 40 years experience in this business, and he predicts upheaval.
"The tug and barge industry will be reduced because larger ships can come and they will bring more cargo in bulk," he said, "Ships are going to be able to leave Atlantic Canada and go to the Pacific coast through the north, which they could never do before. The Northwest Passage was open last year. A couple of tugs did get through."
The Northwest Passage is the holy grail for shipping.
For centuries sailors searched in vain for an Arctic shortcut between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. It would slash weeks off journey times and millions off costs; this was commercially valuable and strategically important.
Patrol boats
In recent summers, the Northwest Passage has been ice-free.
And consequently there's a contest for control.
"We live in a time of renewed interest in Canada's Arctic," declared Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper last month.
He was speaking during military exercises in the Arctic, staged as a show of strength. Canada is also buying new patrol boats for the area.
"All these efforts are toward one non-negotiable priority," Mr Harper said, "and that is the protection and promotion of Canada's sovereignty over what is our North."
It was a strong assertion of Canadian sovereignty over Arctic waterways including the Northwest Passage.
But it's a disputed claim.
Even though it lies between Canadian-controlled islands, Canada's Arctic neighbours America and Russia argue the Northwest Passage should be freely accessible to international shipping.
Few believe the frogmen and helicopters Canada showed off in Resolute Bay last month will ever be pressed into service over this argument, but it is a key issue this week's summit must address.
Also on the table for Canada - and others - are disagreements over borders.
Carving up the Arctic A country has the right to exploit oil and minerals up to 200 nautical miles (370km) from the edge of its continental shelf.
It can make a claim that the shelf goes beyond the 200 miles
There are different ways of carving up the region. A straight line to a central point, such as the North Pole, can be drawn and the disputed area sliced up - a bit like cutting a pie
A "median" or "equidistant" line could also be drawn around the nearest point off a country's coastline
On the east coast, who controls a tiny lump of rock called Hans Island that lies between Canada and Greenland?
In the west, does the land border with the US state of Alaska extend into Arctic seas? Or should a new one be drawn?
Establishing territory allows countries to start exploring the vast oil and gas deposits under the Arctic seabed. It's estimated as much as a quarter of known reserves could lie in this daunting environment, but with high energy prices and rocketing demand from ravenous Chinese and Indian economies, Arctic nations are keen to get drilling and reap the benefits.
It seems a world away from the cramped confines, the diesel aftertaste and the gut-churning pitch of the Hudson Bay Explorer. After 20 hours at sea finally the ship dropped anchor at our destination, the Inuit town of Arviat.
There is no jetty, so at high tide the tug pushed the barge onto the dark brown beach, where low-tide left it grounded. Ramps were deployed and the vehicles and cargo rolled straight onto the shoreline.
Dirt roads
Arviat is the furthest south of a string of isolated communities - mainly Inuit towns - running up the Hudson Bay and along the Arctic Ocean shores.
Supporting remote communities like this is another way Canada can show who is in charge up here, demonstrating to the world that the Arctic is a region populated, sustained and defended by Canadians.
Government strategy includes the social and economic development of communities in the north. (The shipping company we travelled with, NTCL, is owned by First Nations or native communities and is the largest in northern Canada.)
Image caption Temperatures in Arviat can drop to -40C in winter
We met Tony Uluatluak, who was waiting with his wife and children for their new car to come off the barge. He is from the largest Inuit family in town - his parents have 192 grandchildren.
"Do you feel part of Canada," I asked.
"We are 100% Canadian," he told me, "proud to be Canadian."
We walked into Arviat through a cold, damp mist.
It's a place built for practicality where temperatures can drop to -40C in winter. The dirt roads were unpaved, lined with weathered wooden houses.
Boats and skidoos lay alongside. Outside one house animal skins were hanging. Above another, a Canadian flag fluttered.
Here, they hunt caribou and seals and are allowed a quota of whales. If polar bears come into town - as I was told they often do - they are fair game too.
Here, traditional and modern ways of life coexist.
There's a KFC branch and I saw people riding around on all-terrain vehicles, yet many women wore traditional long coats with large hoods in which they carried babies.
As in many northern communities, alcohol is not allowed but everyone smokes.
The Inuit language Inuktitut is more widely spoken than English, even though the Queen is on the banknotes. In written form it appears in elegant, almost geometrical shapes.
Both languages were equally prominent on many signs around town.
Canada supports strong native traditions - it's also a way of reinforcing its ownership of the north.
But the people need the government as much as it needs them. There are few jobs, prices are high and many depend on benefits.
At the large grocery store that is the town's focal point I met Chesley Aggark, his wife Shauna and their three children carrying two loads of shopping to their ATV.
They told me one week's groceries cost them more than 500 Canadian dollars (£310.)
I asked them how they could afford it.
Shauna pointed down: "with the help of my children," she said, "child benefit… income support."
"Could you survive if the government didn't help you," I asked.
"No," she said.
After delivering cargo to Arviat, our boat headed further north to another community, carrying the last precious supplies before winter's freeze.
We hitched a ride on another tug back to Churchill and two days later our journey was over.
But the gold rush in the Arctic is just beginning and I saw first hand how Canada is staking its claim.
A week ago, Dartmouth announced that ethnomusicologist Susan Taffe Reed is the new director of the college's Native American Program, boasting that she is “the president of the Eastern Delaware Nations.”
But the Eastern Delaware Nations (EDN) is not a federally recognized Native American tribe, it's a 501(c)(3) that also allows “members [who] are not of Native American descent, but [who] join as social members.” And, after a searing blog post unearthed alleged death certificates of Taffe's ancestors that show her family coming to the U.S. from Ireland after the Indian Removal Act, Native American alumni of the college are protesting the hire on their Facebook page. Native American media is also scrutinizing Dartmouth's decision to hire someone for a student affairs position who seems less than forthcoming about her own heritage.
The issue, they say, is not necessarily the EDN's lack of federal recognition but a refusal of transparency on Taffe Reed's part that recalls recent cases like disgraced former NAACP chapter president Rachel Dolezal and UC Riverside professor Andrea Smith, who continues to claim Cherokee identity despite backlash from Cherokee scholars and leaders.
Taffe Reed herself did not respond to The Daily Beast's requests for comment but she did provide statements to Inside Higher Ed and local news outlet Valley News. In neither instance did she specifically disprove the genealogy that has been posted online.
She told Inside Higher Ed, “My ties to all aspects of my identity are very important to me. Throughout this process, I have been forthright about my personal and professional experience. Given the history of this continent, it is not uncommon for Native identities to be mixed and complex.”
Dartmouth spokeswoman Diana Lawrence was more direct with Valley News, claiming that the genealogical blog post was inaccurate: “Susan Taffe Reed is of Native and European heritage. She has never represented herself as a member of a federal- or state-recognized tribe. She was transparent about her professional and personal experience throughout the search process. We are satisfied with the information she provided and are confident in her qualifications for this position.”
But, as the Valley News notes, Lawrence “did not specify the inaccuracies” with the blog post.
So far, the college is standing by its decision to hire Taffe Reed, recognizing the debate around her but insisting that “[i]t is not up to Dartmouth to determine which perspective is correct.” They further note that it is illegal to make hiring decisions based on ethnicity.
“While we recognize the legitimacy of the concern that individuals may falsely identify themselves as Native American, Dartmouth also understands that there are varying perspectives in the Native American community over what constitutes ethnicity, which is a separate issue from false claims of ethnicity,” the school's official statement reads.
Lawrence told The Daily Beast that Taffe Reed “disclosed her heritage in her cover letter for the position” and provided a new and additional statement from Professor Bruce Duthu, head of the search committee for this position.
“Susan openly acknowledged that she is a person of mixed ancestry and identity, including Native ancestry,” Duthu wrote. “In the case of Native peoples (and other people of color), state records, including birth and death certificates, are notoriously unreliable sources of information about personal background. Likewise, there are serious problems with reliance on notions of ‘federal recognition' as a measure of ‘authenticity' since the standards for such recognition have been widely and consistently criticized by Native and non-Native scholars and activists alike ever since they were promulgated in 1978.”
But those questioning Taffe Reed's new position say that her case is more clear-cut and does not hinge on questions of federal recognition.
In one biography (PDF), Taffe Reed claims that she is “Turtle Clan and of Delaware, Irish, and German ancestry” and, in another, she lists herself as “Delaware (Turtle Clan). In a book chapter, she says that she is “related to Little Beaver.”
Dr. Nicky Kay Michael, a Native American historian and member of the federally recognized Delaware Tribal Council told The Daily Beast that she is very skeptical of Taffe Reed's claim to be from the Turtle Clan if she is unwilling to openly discuss her heritage.
“When you say those things, that's a red flag,” Michael said. “If you are Delaware, you're going to have to say who your family is. It's not just a case of federal recognition; we want to know who you are. What family do you come from?”
As Michael notes, the Delaware tribes in the United States that currently have federal recognition originally lived near the Delaware River but relocated west under pressure from the government beginning in the mid-eighteenth century. The Pennsylvania-based Eastern Delaware Nations group from which Taffe Reed hails claims on its website that most of its members are “descendants of Native Americans who lived in the Endless Mountains Region of Northeastern Pennsylvania and resisted being removed” but many in official Delaware tribes, Michael included, dispute the notion that a substantial number of Native Americans stayed behind in the Northeast.
“They don't ask our permission to use our name and then they appropriate our culture,” Michael said of the EDN. “What [Taffe Reed] did is she basically used this 501(c)(3) as a forum and then she wrote articles claiming to be Delaware.” Michael does not speak for the Delaware Tribe but she says that an official statement is forthcoming.
The EDN did not respond to The Daily Beast's request for comment on Taffe Reed.
Kerry Holton, president of the Delaware Nation—another federally recognized Delaware tribe—told The Daily Beast that he has been authorized to make official comments on the Dartmouth situation, and that he has so far been unsuccessful in his attempts to reach the college president.
Holton told The Daily Beast that he does not dispute Taffe Reed's credentials per se but he does take exception to Dartmouth's communication around Taffe Reed.
“It looks like she's well-qualified for the position,” said Holton, “but they turned it into a questionable Native issue by mentioning the Eastern Delaware Nation, which is simply a charitable organization.”
Holton says that Dartmouth's original announcement, which praised Taffe Reed for her “leadership roles in her Delaware tribal community,” was “misleading” because they failed to acknowledge that the EDN is a 501(c)(3)—and a controversial one at that—rather than a Native American tribe.
“I put a little bit of this responsibility on Dartmouth for the misleading way that they presented it,” he said. “And the fact that Susan has not been very forthcoming in trying to clarify anything—that, right there, just makes it even more suspicious and very difficult for me to swallow.”
Holton plans to send a letter to Dartmouth on Monday detailing the Delaware Nation's concerns.
In the meantime, the Native American community at Dartmouth is questioning the hire on social media.
One student wrote into the alumni-run Dartblog claiming that the school sought the input of Native American students at a series of dinners with prospective candidates in late July. Although students “felt comfortable” with Taffe Reed, the student reports that “she wasn't even our top candidate for the position and the primary reasons we liked her (despite a lack of experience for the position) are [now] being called into question.”
Alumni are also voicing their discontent on their public Facebook page, comparing Taffe Reed to former professor Ward Churchill and others who have made dubious claims of Native American ancestry. Some are planning to forward correspondence to Dartmouth trustees.
“You all have no idea what naming her to this position has done to validate decades of cultural thievery!” wrote Michele Leonard.
Alum Bear Christensen wrote, “I agree that this position does not require it to be a [N]ative person, but this is not the case of the ethnic makeup of a person, it is a case where someone has actively embraced and promoted a false cultural connection to give themselves an air of ‘cultural authority' as a ‘selling point' for her academic career.”
This article may contain personal views and opinion from the author.
A world rebuilt
The previous tech migration
Do not buy the political rhetoric
[img left [[266860]]:"The fine print of a tariff? It raises prices across the board, whether an iPhone is made in the US or not. Image credit - Assignment Point" /]China
Think long, and change how people see the big picture
. Follow us to stay updated with fresh news and flashy media from the world of mobile!
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brendan Rodgers put his Liverpool FC charges through their paces in training at Melwood today ahead of the weekend trip to Old Trafford.
The Reds take on Manchester United this Sunday, with the game kicking off at 1.30pm.
Earlier today, it emerged Adam Lallana is expected to be available for the match despite being hampered by two cracked ribs.
Mario Balotelli has returned to training, but it is not yet clear whether he could feature against United.
The Reds did the double over their rivals last season, with Daniel Sturridge firing in a 1-0 win at Anfield and Steven Gerrard scoring twice from the spot in a 3-0 away victory.
Manchester United currently lie third in the table, having won five consecutive Premier League games.
Gauri Lankesh, the Kannada journalist gunned down on September 5, had responded to the note ban with a special edition of her weekly magazine and this editorial. PM Modi demonetised Rs 1000 and Rs 500 notes on November 8, 2016.
Narendra Modi has revealed his Tughlaq face. Claiming to wage war against black money, he has gone to war against the middle class and the poor, who constitute a majority. By demonetising Rs 1000 and Rs 500 notes, he has mocked them as cheats and dubbed as thugs people without a morsel to eat. This special edition looks at many aspects of his demonetisation madness.
Bizarre stories made the rounds on social media last week. Some claimed the new Rs 2,000 note would have a nano chip to enable the government to monitor how the money was being spent. The income tax authorities, or so the stories said, would use satellites to locate and raid those hoarding new notes. The stories claimed the notes could be tracked even if they were buried 120 metres below the earth. Zee News in Hindi and a Kannada channel zealously put out imaginary stories. One of the anchors was bouncing up and down in delight like the pontiff of the Pejawar math. The woman presenter who seconds him went to the extent of proclaiming the note featured a picture of the Mars mission to indicate how satellites would keep an eye on the currency.
The stories spread like wildfire. Last week, when I boarded a train to Hubballi, all my fellow passengers were talking about the chip. Taken aback at their naivete, I said, “It's all a lie. There's no such chip in the note.” Two middle-aged men, sceptical about me, said the news had appeared on TV. “Not everything that appears on TV is true,” I said. They countered me: they had heard such notes were already in circulation in the US. “Who told you? There are no such notes anywhere in the world,” I said. “What is the use of demonetisation then?” one of them asked. “Give it some thought,” I said. A young man on a top berth butted in: “You know what use it is? Big industrialists have borrowed money and are not paying back their loans. The banks have no money. That's why they are out to make people deposit their money. And people are taking their old notes to the banks, afraid they will turn out worthless otherwise.”
“You mean this won't solve the black money problem?” one of the men said. “It will take care of fake currency for a while. But its extent isn't big. Within months, they will start making counterfeits of the new notes. The corrupt keep their wealth in jewellery and property, not cash. Only a small amount gets demonetised. In any case, we will never get, as Modi had promised, Rs 15 lakh in each of our bank accounts,” I said.
“Oh, we thought Modi was on to something big. Looks like he has just put his hands into our pockets,” a man said, sighing.
The State Bank of India has just written off loans it had advanced to 63 companies. Know how much they owed? A whopping Rs 7,016 crore. This includes the Rs 1,201 crore owed by liquor baron Vijay Mallya. It isn't difficult to guess on whose side Modi is: the affluent who borrowed for their fancies and whose loans he has waived or the millions of hard-working people standing in long bank queues to deposit money they have earned.
Modi has not been able to bring black money stashed away abroad. He hasn't even been able to name the secret account holders. His election promise of Rs 15 lakh in each citizen's account remains a pipe dream. Even if we put up with such scams, how can we look on as he snatches away the livelihoods of the poor and the middle class?
An elderly man waiting to take out money for his daily expenses has died. And how did a BJP vice-president respond to it? “Big deal. People die even in ration shop queues.”
When it dawned on Modi that a majority was frustrated with his insane actions, he didn't say, “Please bear with me. I will fix the problem in a few days.” Instead, he said, “I'm doing all this for the nation. People who have ruled us for 70 years are conspiring against me.” No one in his party told him, “But sir, when did these people, struggling to withdraw their own money, ever rule in these 70 years? How can they conspire against you?”
The middle class and people in the media, who had hailed demonetisation as Modi's ‘masterstroke,' now see the machinations behind it. They are aware the new note holds no magic. It can't banish black money, and Modi's eccentricities are causing them misery.
Modi continues to say we must put up with all this in the interest of the nation, but the problem won't go away anytime soon. Common people will have to scrape and scrounge for cash at least for four months. Business has been affected badly. With no customers, fisherfolk and traders in West Bengal are in the doldrums. In Punjab, farmers have no cash to buy seeds. If they don't sow now, the prices of rice and wheat will go up soon. ‘No money in hand, nothing to eat either' is the fate of millions. All this thanks to Modi.
The BJP is feeling the heat of the people's anger. Party president Amit Shah has instructed MPs to put up flex boards praising Modi's ‘surgical strike' against black money. They usually follow his instructions to the letter, but this time they aren't paying him any heed. Except for an MP in Gujarat, no one has put up laudatory flex hoardings.
Even people in Gujarat have turned against Modi. Assembly elections are coming up. Expecting praise, party workers holding pamphlets went towards citizens standing in a bank queue. They received blows instead!
Allies such as the Akali Dal in Punjab and the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra are also turning their back on the BJP. Quite a few BJP leaders are openly criticising Modi's actions in the presence of the media, though they are unwilling to speak on record. Even Modi is coming to know of the attrition he has generated. That is why he comes across as so fidgety on his tours.
About 25 people have died across the country because of demonetisation. In Uttar Pradesh, a couple with old notes was turned away from a hospital and their daughter died as a consequence. A woman in Gujarat with old notes couldn't feed her two children; she hanged herself.
In Kanpur, a young man had been trying for months to sell his property. On November 8, he finally received Rs 70 lakh in advance. When he heard of demonetisation the next morning, he suffered a heart attack and died. A woman in Telangana, who had sold her land for her husband's medical treatment and her daughter's wedding, was told the cash was worthless. She committed suicide. In Udupi, a man standing in a long queue, waiting for his bank to open, died of a heart attack.
Not one of these was a thug. Not one of them was an Adani, Ambani, Tata or Birla. They were honest middle-class people, farmers, homemakers, all earning their livelihood from honest toil. They ended up as victims of Modi's grandiose war against black money. He is responsible for their deaths.
In fact, Modi has launched no surgical strike against black money. What he has done is push helpless people to death. What better can we expect from Modi's Tughlaq dispensation?
[Excerpted from The Way I See It: A Gauri Lankesh Reader, edited by Chandan Gowda, and published by DC Books and Navayana, Delhi.
Chandan Gowda says, “The book brings together select political and cultural writings of the courageous activist-journalist. Published over the last two decades, these writings, many of which were originally written in Kannada, offer a rich introduction to her varied political commitments and cultural interests. Her political journalism reveals a constant concern for the fate of India's democracy and an unswerving passion for social justice. Gauri's essays in the autobiographical mode also illustrate the affection and seriousness she brought to human relationships.”]
On Monday, the Big Ten unveiled its all-conference teams and some individual award winners. The four big prizes were announced Tuesday evening. Here they are:
Graham-George Offensive Player of the Year: Braxton Miller, Ohio State
Nagurski-Woodson Defensive Player of the Year: Chris Borland, Wisconsin
Thompson-Randle El Freshman of the Year: Christian Hackenberg, Penn State
Hayes-Schembechler Coach of the Year (coaches vote): Mark Dantonio, Michigan State
Dave McClain Coach of the Year (media vote): Dantonio
Wisconsin linebacker Chris Borland has been named the Nagurski-Woodson Defensive Player of the Year in the Big Ten. Mike McGinnis/Getty Images
If you see smoke rising over the state of Ohio, that's because it's coming out of the ears of Ohio State fans. After another 12-0 season, the Buckeyes figured to clean up in the awards, but they won only one of the four major honors here with two notable snubs.
Miller wins the offensive player of the year trophy for the second straight season. He's a very worthy honoree, despite missing three games with injury in September. Teammate Carlos Hyde had a very strong case, and so did Nebraska's Ameer Abdullah. But I doubt you're going to hear too many people complaining about this trophy joining the 2012 version on Miller's mantel, given that he remains the most dynamic offensive player in the Big Ten.
Hackenberg was an obvious a call as there was for any award in the Big Ten this year. It would be difficult to justify voting for anyone else as the league's top freshman given his performance all year as the Nittany Lions' starting quarterback. A Penn State player has won this award two years in a row, as Deion Barnes took home the prize a year ago.
Now let's get to the two most controversial choices.
Nobody loves Borland more than the Big Ten blog. He's a tremendous player and a great leader who has had an amazing career. He was the unquestioned leader of the league's second-best defense. He should have been a Butkus finalist and is a worthy All-American.
For the second straight season, Ohio State signal-caller Braxton Miller is the Graham-George Offensive Player of the Year in the Big Ten. Jamie Sabau/Getty Images
But Ohio State's Ryan Shazier had the better year. Numbers aren't everything, but Shazier led the league with 122 tackles and tackles for loss, the latter by a wide margin. He had more sacks and forced fumbles than Borland. It's not a strict one-to-one comparison, because Borland is an inside linebacker and Shazier plays on the outside. But Borland missed two Big Ten games, which has to count for something. Shazier was arguably the most valuable player on Ohio State because of the uncertainty on defense around him. He had a strong case to win this award last season but was edged out by teammate John Simon. He lost out again this season, and it's a shame.
The most egregious blunder in the awards voting, however, occurred in the coach of the year race. I wrote earlier today that if Urban Meyer didn't win this honor, they should just rename it "Coach of the Year, Non-Ohio State Division" or "Coach Who Most Exceeded Expectations." It is utterly ridiculous that Meyer is 24-0 but 0-for-2 in Big Ten coach of the year balloting. It is nearly criminal that no Ohio State coach has won this award since 1979.
That's not to belittle Dantonio, who has had an outstanding season and showed courage in sticking by some struggling players on offense earlier in the year. But Michigan State won 11 games in 2010 and 2011 before slipping to 7-6 last year with a slew of close defeats. Now that the Spartans are an 11-win team again, are we to assume Dantonio did a magical job of getting back to that level? Or is he just a good coach who had a rough year last season because of offensive inexperience and some bad breaks? If you wanted to argue that Jerry Kill and his staff overcame more than anybody and should win this award, fine. But I don't really see how both the media and coaches both voted for Dantonio over Meyer.
It's no secret that Meyer rubs people the wrong way, and you hope that didn't influence the voting process. Ohio State fans have to be wondering why their undefeated, potential national championship team didn't reap more of the spoils of victory.
Roughly six years ago, Al Yeganeh, the curmudgeonly soup chef who inspired the “Soup Nazi” character on “Seinfeld,” closed his restaurant on West 55th Street in Hell's Kitchen to open franchise stores. The result: the Original SoupMan, a series of eateries and stores across the country that boast Yeganeh's name, his soups and his legendary rules for ordering. (Among them: Have your money ready before you order.)
This week brings news that Yeganeh is re-opening the West 55th Street location in July, but under the Original SoupMan brand. We tried to catch up with the Soup Man to learn more about his plans for returning to his old shop. But interviewing the Soup Man (apparently as strict about talking to the press as he is about patrons' soup orders) involves following a rigid set of rules. As the indicated on the company's website, they are as follows:
HAPPY VALLEY -- Fire investigators believe an extremely hot, smoky house fire today off Southeast 139th Avenue started in the kitchen, possibly sparked by a toaster.
No one was home when the fire broke out and no injuries were reported. The family's dog was safely hustled out of the garage and the family's cat was outside when the blaze erupted.
"There was heat and smoke damage throughout the house, but much less damage from flames," said Steve McAdoo,
spokesman. "Firefighters had to cut a hole in the roof just to let the heat out, or they couldn't have stayed inside to fight the fire."
McAdoo said a resident of
reported smoke coming from a neighbor's house at 7:13 a.m. Arriving firefighters found the house filled with smoke. It took less than 30 minutes for firefighters to control the blaze, with help from a
crew. A total of 14 pieces of equipment and their crews responded.
McAdoo said investigators suspect a toaster that was left plugged in may have started the fire.
A damage estimate is not yet available.
--
Organisation says paper should 'promote positive role models to inspire girls' and stop treating women as objects
The Girl Guides have become the latest organisation to urge the Sun to end its practice of printing photographs of topless women on Page 3.
Just weeks after proprietor Rupert Murdoch hinted he might scrap Page 3, Girlguiding UK has written an open letter to the Sun urging the tabloid to "promote positive role models to inspire girls" and stop treating women as objects.
The letter to Sun editor Dominic Mohan says: "We know that The Sun is a family newspaper. Anyone can pick it up, turn to page 3, and think that it is normal for young women to be treated as objects. We feel this is just wrong and has to stop."
The organisation says objectifying women on the pages of the tabloid, a practice which has gone on for more than 40 years, is "disrespectful" and sexist.
"As a young woman in UK society, it is impossible to nurture your ambitions if you are constantly told that you are not the same as your male equivalent," the letter adds. "This is what Page 3 does. It is disrespectful and embarrassing."
"We would like the Sun, as a leading UK newspaper, to promote positive role models to inspire girls and young women and help everyone to understand that women are never for sale.
"We hope that the voice of Girlguiding members, combined with the rest of the signatories on the No More Page 3 petition, will convince you to finally take bare boobs out of the Sun."
Girlguiding UK wrote to Mohan after its members, who are aged between five and 25, voted overwhelmingly to support the No More Page 3 campaign which was set up last year and has gathered almost 90,000 signatures on a petition.
Bare-breasted women have featured in the Sun for decades and the paper has resisted all attempts to get it to abandon the practice.
It went to war with MP Clare Short in 1986 when she put forward the idea of legislation to axe Page 3, branding her "fat, jealous Clare".
She said the bullying by the paper was renewed with vigour when 20 years later she said she still objected to Page 3 with half-naked women calling at her home and making snide comments about her body.
In February this year Murdoch hinted for the first time that he might agree that topless women had no place in a newspaper.
Twitter user @Kazipooh tweeted to him: "#nomorepage3 Seriously, we are all so over page 3 – it is so last century!". Murdoch replied: "page three so last century! You maybe right, don't know but considering. Perhaps halfway house with glamorous fashionistas."
However apart from a handful of days when the paper has showed a bikini-wearing model, there is no sign that topless models will disappear from the paper.
The No More Page 3 campaign was set up during the London 2012 Olympics when writer Lucy-Anne Holmes objected to the fact that the largest image of a woman in the paper was a Page 3 topless model even though Jessica Ennis had just won her medal.
• This article was amended on 10 April 2013 to correct the age range for Girl Guiding, which includes girls from five to 25
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email media@theguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857. For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000. If you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for publication".
• To get the latest media news to your desktop or mobile, follow MediaGuardian on Twitter and Facebook
A schoolboy from Birmingham has finally reunited First World War medals with the long-lost family of a war hero. 12-year-old Lewis Bacciochi, from Tyseley, started his search for the family after promising his late grandfather Peter that he would find the owner of the medals before his death.
Lewis met Ann Dickinson to hand over the medals Credit: BPM Media
The medals were:
the 1914-15 Star
the British War Medal
the Victory Medal
They were found by Lewis's grandfather before his death five years ago. Lewis' uncle, Eric Moseley, helped him with the search, but they had exhausted all leads, before turning to a local newspaper for help. His appeal was spotted on an ancestry website, and the great-niece of Fred Cockram came forward.
Ann was delighted to receive the medals Credit: BPM Media
Ann Dickinson travelled up from Bristol to meet Lewis outside the Hall of Memory in Centenary Square in Birmingham, where he handed back the medals.
I am really chuffed to have the medals. I keep stopping to have another look at them. We had a lovely day, and we are so grateful to Lewis and his family for looking for us – though I'm not sure he wanted to part with them in the end, which I can understand. – Ann Dickinson
It was absolutely fantastic to meet Ann. It was such a lovely feeling to finally give the medals back to Fred's family. Ann was very kind, and even bought Lewis a Blues kit as a thank you, as he is a big football fan. We were brought to tears of joy. – Eric Moseley
Ann explained that Fred and his elder brother Joseph – her grandfather – grew up in Bristol.
Fred Cockram Credit: BPM Media
Having followed up long-rumoured interest in promising Everton and England centre-back John Stones with a £20 million bid, as that negotiation process plays out, Chelsea are now focussing attention on the left-back squad berth freed up by the impending sale of Filipe Luis back to Atletico Madrid.
Despite arriving at Stamford Bridge with a solid reputation and impeccable credentials as a La Liga winner with Atleti, Luis failed to usurp Cesar Azpilicueta from Blues boss Jose Mourinho's first XI and spent much of the season on the bench with out-of-position Azpilicueta preferred on the left side of defence for key fixtures.
The likely £16 million fee to be realised for Luis represents a decent return for a 29-year-old, and similar money might be enough to convince Bundesliga side Augsburg to part with highly rated Ghana international left-back Baba Rahman, who enjoyed an impressive breakthrough season in the German top-flight.
Rahman has been tracked by Chelsea for some time -- and if recent reports are to be believed, the player and his agent have agreed in principle to a five-year deal with the London club worth £27,000 per week. The proposed transfer has yet to be sanctioned by Augsburg, and with the German club's chairman Jonas Hoffman stating recently, "We do not need the Baba millions," it remains to be seen whether the prodigious Ghanaian will move to the Bridge. Given that Real Madrid are also believed to be pursuing Rahman's signature, Hoffman's resolve is certain to be tested and Mourinho may well need Chelsea's transfer power broker, Marina Granovskaia, to act decisively if Mourinho is to get his man.
Like fellow 21-year-old Stones and 20-year-old Kurt Zouma, who impressed last season when deputising for Gary Cahill, Rahman would provide the Blues with another long-term solution to transitioning an ageing defence.
John Stones could yet be wearing Chelsea blue come September, making it even more difficult for a Chelsea youth team defender to become a first-team stalwart.
Mourinho declared his hand in this respect at the start of last season when making Thibaut Courtois, now 23 years of age, his first-choice keeper. Chelsea's legendary custodian Petr Cech, 33, was deemed surplus to requirements and allowed to move across London to Premier League title rivals Arsenal in a £10.9 million deal.
In front of Courtois, 34-year-old club captain John Terry, now at the veteran stage of his career, looks set for one last hurrah, with Stones being billed as his natural successor. On the right side of defence, Branislav Ivanovic is not getting any younger. How long the swashbuckling Serb, 31, will remain one of Mourinho's untouchables is open to conjecture. One more campaign looks a certainty -- but after that? The possibility is that the naturally right-sided Azpilicueta, 25, could replace Ivanovic, leaving Rahman, should he join Chelsea, as first-choice left-back.
Zouma has already proved his capabilities, not only when filling Cahill's boots but also when deployed as a defensive midfielder. Should his progress continue at pace, Mourinho will likely be viewing the France international as the final part of a defensive jigsaw puzzle that would stand Chelsea in good stead for many years to come.
A back line of Courtois, Azpilicueta, Stones, Zouma and Rahman certainly has it merits, but the Blues' interest in Stones and Rahman reignites the smouldering embers of the debate about Chelsea's continued failure to promote from within its junior ranks. Given the level of investment in the Chelsea Academy, with every season that passes it becomes more and more remarkable that old-stager Terry, who made his debut way back in 1998, remains the last player to make the grade from the youth ranks at Stamford Bridge.
Of course, while it would be nice to see one of Chelsea's current crop of junior defensive starlets, talented youngsters like Todd Kane, Andreas Christensen, Alex Davey and Tomas Kalas, nail down a first-team place, the stakes are too high for Mourinho to take a gamble. With his Special One reputation on the line, Blues owner Roman Abramovich's relentless quest for silverware will override any notion of risk-taking the Portuguese may harbour.
As the debate continues, Chelsea will likely steadily up their bids to Everton for Stones until an agreement is reached. It's possible the same will happen with Augsburg and Rahman. Whatever the outcome, Mourinho's short-term strategy, long-term goal and opinion on the Blues' youth of today is crystal clear.
Success is there for the taking, but at Stamford Bridge it seems destined to always come with a price attached.
Mark Worrall is one of ESPN FC's Chelsea bloggers. You can follow him on Twitter: @gate17marco
Written by Marc Zanotti on January 23, 2013
Coachella 2013 hype is spreading across the globe as rumours gather momentum and speculation becomes confirmation. The first act confirmed for this year's Coachella are psytrance powerhouse Infected Mushroom.
However, rather than the announcement coming from Coachella, it was the Israeli outfit that spilled the beans during an interview with Live For Live Music. When asked by LFLM about the band's summer festival plans, Infected Mushroom responded with, “When this is going up?… I could say Coachella but I'm not allowed to.”
German producer Paul Kalkbrenner also confirmed he will play Coachella 2013 when speaking with Pure Volume. English beatboxer Beardyman confirmed his Coachella appearance via his Twitter account.
While we wait for Coachella to officially announce their 2013 lineup, the festival has posted a cryptic video titled Bloom on its YouTube Channel (below). The clip's title has sparked rumours of dream-pop duo Beach House being a part of the lineup, based on their 2012 album, also called Bloom.
Huffington Post have guessed that Radiohead could make back-to-back appearance based on the music in the clip being composed by Romain Segaud, who has worked with the band in the past and, again, linking that title Bloom to the Radiohead song of the same name.
Among other acts rumoured to perform at Coachella are The Postal Service, who are heavily favoured to appear following the release of Give Up Deluxe 10th Anniversary Edition.
Meanwhile Consequence Of Sound have tipped popular indie music acts Grizzly Bear and The XX to play the popular festival based on their upcoming North American tour dates. Ska acts The Selecter also have their name in the rumours arena.
Stay tuned to Music Feeds to catch the official Coachella 2013 lineup.
Watch: Coachella – Bloom
I've brought up the idea previously of needing to grow the number of customers choosing to drink coffee at independent businesses. The growing number of business aren't bringing enough new consumers to the market so are fighting over ever-shrinking slices of the pie.
Consumption as a whole remains strong. Plenty of people are buying coffee, but they're choosing to do it in chain stores. In the UK, and in much of the rest of the world, growth in the branded coffee chain sector has been healthy and doesnâ€™t seem to be suffering due toÂ the growth of speciality.
We've tried in the past to appeal to the widerÂ audience. We told them, loudly and proudly, that we served better coffee than the chains. The results of our marketing claims weren't what we hoped. People liked the coffee they were buying from the chains, and considered us pompous and pretentious. Some just thought that we were trying to ride some new trend, that we lacked authenticity and called us hipsters. Very few threw down their cups in newly-discovered disgust, and headed to the nearest independent for a better tasting replacement.
So here's the problem: what we perceive as our biggest asset to win and retain customers doesn't work the way we want it to. Not enough people are interested in upgrading the coffee they drink. Now we have to find a way to convince people to change their lives, their routines, their route to work, or where they choose to escape the day, and to reject the cups coffee they were previously happy with.
We'd be far more effective if we did this as a group. I think there's a lot to be said for customers embracing small businesses. Money tends to stay in the community, and almost always inside the national economy. Small businessesÂ (mostly)Â pay their taxes, they contribute culture and value to their neighbourhoods.
The point of resistance is that a campaign around this will promote businesses we don't want to promote: independent businesses who sell terrible coffee. There are plenty of these, and we consider them the enemy much in the same way we consider the branded coffee chains the enemy. Great coffee shops are not special because they are independent, too much other work has gone in and I think weâ€™d be reluctant not to talk about that.
Perhaps itÂ feels like giving in; to talk about something other than how good the coffee is.
The way I see it, there are a few options:
Refine what you do, weather the storm, and hope that once a few of your competitors close they don't get bought up by a chain too.
Experiment alone with different messaging, aware that quality remains important to your business, to your staff and your existing customers. Don't compromise on what you are passionate about, but experiment with what lures potential customers through your door.
Collaborate with others. This is a problem that affects everyone in your industry. Getting good at marketing to people buying coffee from the chains has long term benefits to all independent businesses. It is both selfish and a little altruistic.
I'd fall into the category of the third group. I'm interested in collaborating, iterating and learning quicker than others who act alone.
I would summarise it all this way: we need to create opportunities for discovery. For people to discover great businesses, to discover (for themselves) a cup of coffee that tastes so much better than what theyâ€™re used to, for them to discover a cafe they can build a lasting relationship with, to discoverÂ their cafe.
The coffee served needs to be delicious, it needs to make the people who serve it proud and excited, and it needs to be done in an environmentally and financially sustainable way. I think weâ€™re all getting better at that, and now we need to get much better at creating opportunities to showcase the best of what we do to new customers. I believe working together is a more effective way of creating such opportunities, and Iâ€™m open to support and collaborate with anyone and everyone on that.
Any conversation about the alt-right and the internet always seems to spiral back to Reddit and /r/the_donald, a unofficial water cooler for Trump supporters during the election and after it.
Users and mods of /r/the_donald have trod a fine line between enthusiastic support for a political candidate and online abuse, which has caused all sorts of problems within Reddit. Following some serious internal drama that you probably don't care about, Reddit is now “taking a more proactive approach to policing behavior that is detrimental to Reddit:” removing stickied /r/the_donald posts from Reddit's main page.
DON'T MISS: Apple will pay you zero money to trade in your Apple Watch
In a blog post, Reddit CEO Steve Huffman announced two major actions. Stickied posts from The Donald, those that appear at the top of a subreddit's page, will no longer appear in /r/all. That's a page that shows users the top posts from across Reddit, rather than just subs they're subscribed to. It would be like Google de-listing a page from search results: it's not explicitly censoring content, as you can still find it if you know where to look. But for casual users of Reddit, removing a subreddit from /r/all dramatically decreases that sub's general reach.
In addition, Huffman also said that Reddit will take action against hundreds of its “most toxic users,” with actions ranging from warnings to permanent bans.
The decision, as with anything Reddit admins do, is going to polarize people on every side. Some users and mods have been calling for /r/the_donald to be outright banned; others will say that since /r/the_donald is not overtly tolerant of Reddit rule-breaking and instead just offends people by providing contrary opinion, Reddit shouldn't do anything to censor the sub.
Either way, it's a complicated issue, and these two actions are highly unlikely to actually solve anything. For a more complete background of the issues, you'll need to sift through the mountain of Reddit politics and in-fighting to actually work out what's going on on the “front page of the internet.”
Why do we feel there's a need to write an article like this? On forums and in users' messages we often see a widespread belief that Adguard for Android is just a tool to block ads on devices that don't have ROOT access. And this is a serious mistake. Adguard is the most advanced way to get rid of ads and tracking on Android, no matter if you have your device rooted or not.
I will even say more. Adguard - not just an ad blocker, but a full-featured firewall. With its help, you are able to take under your control all apps on your device, allow or forbid the network access - as a whole, to a specific server or even a specific file! But let's not rush things and start from the beginning.
The history of ad blocking on Android
First ad blockers for Android emerged around 2011. At first, they were Adblock Plus for Android and Adaway. Today, the former is almost abandoned, the latter is still being developed but rather sluggishly - it has very little room for development, and I will explain why.
In the next few years ad blocking on Android suffered several heavy punches:
In 2013 Android KitKat got released, and along with it the prohibition to change proxy settings without ROOT access. This de-facto killed Adblock Plus for Android. For a long time, the use of ad blockers was limited exclusively to rooted devices.
Around this time happened the mass exile of ad blockers from Google Play. Google had adopted a new policy for apps added to Play Store, which practically turned all ad blockers into 'outlaws'.
For the same reason, the very first version of Adguard for Android was kicked out of Play Store in the November 2014, only 5 days after its official release.
With time, more and more browsers with built-in ad blocking feature started to appear, but this is a whole different story, and I'll cover it in the next part of this article.
What's the difference between Adguard and AdAway?
AdAway - is, really, a great and very simple way to block ad networks' domains. What can be easier? You just tell the system that the ad domain is located in a place it can't reach so that all attempts to get to it end up in failure. AdAway does it with the help of a special file called 'hosts' - many of you, probably, know about it. This file contains a list that matches server names with addresses the system should use to reach a particular server.
This method, undoubtedly, possesses some advantages:
Simplicity. All you need to do - substitute the contents of one file. As simple as it can be.
Easy to implement. All that the app should do is to update the contents of hosts file from time to time. The system will do all the job itself.
There are drawbacks too, of course:
Lack of flexibility. You have no way to manage the blocking. If a domain is blocked - it's blocked, you can't change it. Why does it matter? Sometimes blocking of an ad network leads to breaking the functionality of this or that app or website, and you can do nothing about it.
Roughness. Imagine that ads are loaded not from the ad network server, but from a server that is also being used for other purposes. What to do in such case? And these cases are far from being unique. A good example is Facebook ad network (don't be tricked by its name - it is used by thousands of different apps). If you want to get rid of such ads with the hosts file, you'll need to forget about using Facebook apps.
Limitations of such approach. Not all ads can be blocked like this. For example, you can't eliminate Google Ads without so-called cosmetic rules which 'hide' the banners.
Adguard, on the other hand, is a full-fledged 'filter' that passes through itself traffic of all apps, and then decides what to do with it. These decisions are based on the set of special rules. You can rely on Adguard's own filters or use popular external filters such as EasyList - it's up to you. You can even create your own filtering rules, the detailed syntax description is available in our Knowledge base.
Why did we choose this method?
The answer is simple - because we can't cope with the limitations caused by the rough approach of hosts-based ad blockers. We firmly believe that every user should have unlimited control over his data and his device, and this doesn't only mean ad blocking.
Below I will show on examples what exactly are the drawbacks and limitations we refuse to put up with.
Missed ads
It is well known that a picture is worth a thousand words. We collected some examples that vividly illustrate the difference between blocking ads with Adguard and with a hosts-based ad blocker.
Important: to get the same result it's crucial to enable HTTPS filtering in Adguard's settings.
Example #1: ad which is impossible to block without applying cosmetic rules;
Left side: proof that Google contextual ads can be irrelevant sometimes.
Right side: evidence that Google search still has some room for improvement :).
Example #2: ad which is loaded from the same website;
Left side: you might have blocked the AdChoices network, but you didn't get rid of the initial ad script loaded from the site's own domain. Hence, half of the page is used for a banner place. I'd also like to draw your attention to the social widget stealing 5-10% of the screen.
Right side: the same page processed by Adguard finally lets you focus on content.
Left side: the ad is loaded from the Facebook domain. With a hosts-based blocker like Adaway, blocking it means blocking Facebook as well.
Right side: the ad is removed by Adguard and you can still use Facebook to tell your friends about it.
Messed up websites' layout
Situations, when hosts-blocker manages to block ads but ruins the websites readability, are not rare. Blank spaces, ad 'remains' - Adguard removes them from the page content or hides with cosmetic rules.
Example #1: the leftovers of a blocked ad;
Example #2: empty space after the ad is blocked;
Anti-adblockers
This year the fight against ad blockers takes a new turn. Users get to know about new terms they have never heard of before: Ad Reinsertion, Ad Recovery; some websites experiment with limiting functionality or the access to the website to users who have an ad blocker installed. The rough approach of a hosts-blockers doesn't allow fighting back.
Example #1: the website limits the access to its content;
Broken functionality
Another scourge of hosts-blockers is 'broken' elements. Video players are one of the most frequent victims.
Example #1: a video player on the website becomes broken;
Example #2: a video player doesn't work and the content isn't loaded;
Making conclusions
By the way, Adguard, besides everything else, is capable of working in many different modes, including the DNS-blocker mode - this is almost the same as what hosts-blockers do. But despite all the difficulties, we have chosen the full-fledged 'filter' mode as a default. This is our principled stance - only users have to decide for themselves what should be blocked and how. Hosts-based ad blockers, sadly, don't provide such possibilities.
I hope this article clarifies our motifs and demonstrates the differences between the approach of Adguard and other ad blockers on the market. Some of the questions that might have arisen will be touched on in the second part of this article. Or you can ask those questions in the comments, and I or someone else from Adguard team will certainly answer them.
I am always impressed with how smoothly a trained lawyer can present “facts” without presenting any… facts. Below is CSPAN video of once-Congressman Mike Pence (who would later go on to become Governor of Indiana and the official Republican nominee for Vice President of the United States) arguing against the “theory” of evolution on the Congressional floor in an attempt to reinsert creationism (masquerading under the new term “intelligent design”) back into public school – using the Bible as his source of…, what? Evidence?
There's only one problem: Pence apparently has no idea what the term “theory” means within the scope of science. Or, even worse, he does know what a scientific theory is (like relativity or gravity), but, like many activist lawmakers and teachers I once had a part in influencing, he intentionally obfuscates the truth in order to creative a false narrative for an scientifically illiterate audience.
Speaking of scope, Pence is clearly still upset over the outcome of the famous Scopes “Monkey” Trial back in 1925 which eventually helped overturn Tennessee's religiously motivated “Butler Act,” House Bill #185; “An act prohibiting the teaching of the Evolution Theory in all the Universities, Normals and all other public schools of Tennessee…”
“This theory made its way through litigation into the classrooms of America and we all have seen the consequence over the last 77 years.” – Rep. Mike Pence (full transcript from 2002 floor speech)
In fact, yes, we have seen the consequences – unbelievable breakthroughs in science and medicine, not the least of which being the Human Genome Project (completed the year after Pence's speech), a feat not likely possible if activist religionist lawmakers (like Mike Pence) had been successful in suppressing SCIENCE from public classrooms in deference to religious folklore as fact.
“Science adjusts its views based on what's observed. Faith is the denial of observation, so that belief can be preserved.” – Storm, Tim Minchin
What is most interesting to me is the blatantly confused disbelief (a byproduct of holding myopically religious views) that a textbook could ever need to be changed as new evidence presents itself throughout the course of scientific discovery. That's not how science works, Mr. Pence, just religion.
With regards to Pence's assertion about the founding fathers all believing in a ‘creator,' I might just point out that, well… yeah, that's because no science had yet been performed to suggest otherwise (and… they were all politicians). I might also remind readers that these men lived in a time not long after that of scientists being threatened with death for suggesting that round earth was not at the center of the universe – not because of any competing scientific theories, but… religion infecting the governments of the day.
Then again, maybe Pence would also like to outlaw heliocentric “theory” for geocentric “fact” because… the Bible?
My Apology: In truth, it isn't even Pence's views on evolution that are most troubling to me, it's his manipulable gullibility as an elected leader, falling prey back in 2002 to an immense push by Evangelicals masquerading a new (made-up) field of “creation science” to reintroduce Biblical creationism back into public schools by using a fancy new name that might confuse critics – “intelligent design.” I was personally (hesitantly) involved with a couple of initiatives that targeted teachers and lawmakers to “teach the controversy” in order to present “intelligent design” as “another scientific theory” in public schools. I was wrong for preying on scientifically illiterate lawmakers like Mike Pence, but, well… he was an easy mark.
More on Mike Pence's views of evolution, global warming, and stem cell research.
As part of a maneuver launched with the motto, “The country is our country, vengeance is our oath”, 20 members of the Rojava Youth Union in Efrîn Canton's Cindirese district have formed their first military battalion they named “Tabûra Shehîdên Qereçox” [Battalion of Karachok Martyrs]. The ceremony was held in the People's Leader Abdullah Öcalan Gardens.
YCR administration, TEV-DEM members, Kongreya Star members and the people of Cindirêsê attended the ceremony. The park the ceremony was held in was adorned with posters of Öcalan and TEV-DEM and YCR flags.
Battalion members commenced the ceremony, then Cindirêsê YCR Administrator Delar Dijwar spoke on the battalion and the process and saidThe mission of this military battalion is to stand against the invading Turkish Army's attacks on the region, they are to stop any and all attacks on the Canton.
Cindirêsê YPG Commander Manî Egîd also spoke and said that the youth standing with the YPG and YPJ is a great step.
The ceremony ended with slogans saluting the resistance of the YPG/YPJ and the youth.
The BJP government in Maharashtra has resent the Maharashtra Animal Preservation (Amendment) Bill 1995, which seeks to ban cow slaughter, for the President's assent. Mahesh Phatak, Secretary, Animal Husbandry and Fisheries Department, in a letter dated November 13 has informed the Centre that the new government in the state wanted to follow up the Bill and wanted its enactment.
The letter was in response to a communication from deputy secretary, Union Ministry of Home Affairs, seeking to know if the government was interested in pursuing the Bill, passed way back in 1995 by the state legislature.
Finance Minister Sudhir Mungantiwar said the Congress-NCP government never responded to the enquiries from the President seeking the state's views on the Bill before giving the assent. He said he regularly followed up the issue in the Assembly, however the erstwhile government said it had set up a committee to study the Bill and its report was yet to come.
The Show Must Go On NOT TORONTO PLAYERS The Not Toronto Players made their glorious debut yesterday with over twenty rapid fire sketches in ninety minutes. The entire performance was filled with audience participation, costume malfunctions, inappropriate humor, and one skit completely derailing under the weight of its own non sequiturs.
The sketches are just a few minutes long each, so the few that misfire is quickly forgotten as they throw another absurd scenario at you. Before the dance party ending you will learn about the hazards of dating a porn star, the difficulty of torturing a masochistic super spy, that evil cultists can be loving families, random bisexual cowboys might not have anything useful to add to the conversation, the physical dangers of vague booking, the benefits of the bimbo of the month club, and the life of Stepford Barbie. Some of the sketches are cute, some are dark, and most bask in the warm glow of audacity.
The show is a short one, there is no intermission, but you will be laughing so hard you won't even notice. Some of the sketches are so laugh out loud contagious even the cast can't control themselves and start corpsing to an extent even Tim Conway would be proud. The show is well worth the price of $15, and you get a discount if you see it with the sister act The Show Might Go On. It was obvious everyone from the cast to the audience thoroughly enjoyed themselves, which is all you can ask for in a comedy ensemble.
The Not Toronto Players is play at Obsidian Theatre at 3522 White Oak till 7/16. The show typically plays after The Show Might Go On, and you get a discount if you watch both.
The Show Might Go On
Obsidian Theatre CONTRIBUTOR
H.G.WELCH The Show Might Go On is the latest offering from Cone Man Running. It's a murder mystery stuffed with macguffins, packing several of Chekhov's guns, and just enough foreshadowing to keep you guessing at the play's actual intent. Loaded with a lot of self reverential humor, you can't quite tell if it's going to be a traditional whodunit or an Agatha Christie kill 'em all until well into the second act.
The play is intentionally cliché, with theatrical stereotypes a plenty. The sleazy director, greedy producer, stressed out stage manager, aging diva, creepy character actor, snobbish critic and incompetent techs are just some of the characters that bring the play to life. In a setting where everyone hates everyone, you are expecting the body count to explode at any minute. The first half of the play is just one big lead up to the start of the mystery, then the whodunit takes over.
Steve Brown keeps the play on a tight leash with his direction, there is not a lot of wasted time in driving the story once all the characters are introduced. Bryan Maynard focuses more on humor than mystery with the script, with pop culture references throughout. People with knowledge of what it's like working in theatre will get more enjoyment, as a lot of the jokes are targeted towards those that work behind the curtain.
The cast puts on a fine performance, there isn't a bad turn in a rather large cast. Kamran Taherpour and Jada August make a great comedic team in matching glittering ballgowns. Sam Martinez plays the antagonistic director with his volume set to 11 and a target on his back that grows with every minute he's on stage. Craig Putman is the campy aide, who blows straight past gay right into euphoric. Newcomer to Cone Man Running Caleb Fields is paired with veteran actress Megan Nix as goofball electricians who are constantly one loose wire away from electrocution. Bailey Hampton oozes greed as the duplicitous producer and Sundi Lee personifies exasperation as the thankless stage manager. Old hands Andraes Hunt and Ruth McCleskey round out the cast as actors desperate enough to do anything to get the part.
The Show Might Go On isn't Agatha Christie or Edgar Allan Poe, nor was it meant to be. The mystery itself isn't difficult to figure out, but from the time the game is afoot to the final reveal, you are laughing the majority of the time. There are tons of shout outs to just about every famous murder mystery you can think off, from the Clue weapons on the table to musical homages to Lon Cheney's Phantom of the Opera. For maximum enjoyment, brush up on your Shakespeare before you go.
Welcome to YouTube Millionaires, where we profile channels that have recently crossed the one million subscriber mark. There are channels crossing this threshold every week, and each has a story to tell about YouTube success. Read previous installments of YouTube Millionaires here.
The idea that YouTube is a video platform is a restrictive one. For a certain generation, YouTube is also the world's most powerful jukebox, offering access to almost any song at the click of a button. One channel that has benefited from this element of YouTube is Monstercat. An electronic music label, Monstercat (which works with a number of partners, including edmDistrict, BroadbandTV and The EDM Network) has tallied a million subscribers through official YouTube releases of under-the-radar artists. We spoke to the label about the success its music has achieved on YouTube.
Tubefilter: What do you have to say to your one million subscribers on YouTube?
Monstercat: We love our community, they are our family and they have changed our lives in so many awesome ways. Everything we do is driven by them, for them and in as many ways as possible, we try to thank them everyday. Today is no different.
Thank you all for believing in Monstercat, loyally following our incredibly talented artists and being the most kick ass group of music lovers on the planet!
TF: How has YouTube influenced the growth of the Monstercat label?
MC: YouTube was a driving factor in the growth and success of Monstercat. It gave us the opportunity to present our music in a unique way, gave us a forum to become members of an amazing community. Both of those factors allowed us to be creative in an industry that for better or for worse wasn't adapting fast enough to new media. We've been incredibly lucky and owe a lot to the partnerships and friends we've made within the YouTube community.
TF: Have you ever considered adding video offerings to your YouTube channel, or will you keep it to tracks and mixes?
MC: Absolutely, we have begun funding the development for more artist-based series and music videos. The difficulty has been finding the right partners who shared the same vision as we do while having enough backing for the projects.
TF: Why do you think YouTube is so popular as a music discovery engine?
MC: As a platform, it's simple, it's relatively easy to navigate, and the search functionality actually works. Another big aspect for me personally is that YouTube has always felt a little human. When you have a platform that allows users to incorporate their individual style, their personality and their tastes into a curated stream of music you get a product that is engaging. I think great examples of larger artists who have really done phenomenal jobs leveraging that theory are Dillon Francis and Deadmau5.
TF: Do you consider yourselves a part of the YouTube community or are you simply a company that happens to have a large presence on the site?
MC: No question about it, we started out and have become successful within the platform because we are very active members of the community. Over time however we've expanded to branch outwards from that and have embraced a larger vision for what Monstercat will be. Although our vision has expanded, our grounding in the community will always be key to who we are as a company and the culture that our brand is built from. I personally chat with all our close friends and family in the YouTube community daily and that I don't think will ever change.
TF: The evolving nature of copyright laws on YouTube is a hotly contested subject. What do you think is the right compromise between content creators who want to use music tracks in their videos and labels that want to make sure their musicians are properly compensated?
MC: In our case, we provide a full commercial license to over 300 channels averaging over 100,000 subscribers each and have a member of our team dedicated to bringing in new promotional partners for our music all the time.
Monstercat is also part of a new program that I'm sure you will be hearing more about over the coming months called edmDistrict. We are an ambassador for what they are trying to accomplish and feel that it answers the question you ask almost perfectly. How do you balance the value of marketing an artist, your music and your brand to new audiences versus controlling it to secure every penny along the way. We believe in a balance of both and have found that the power of encouragement and building brand loyalty through flexibility results in higher sales for our artists in the long run. Worrying about a few dollars in sales versus blocking the people who love your music, who want to share your sound to the world is an old school way of thinking.
Labels should look at YouTube as an opportunity to further spread their music, finding the right strategy that works for them in the development phase they are in and learn to use piracy for the value it can create instead of fighting a lost battle.
TF: Who is an electronic musician on YouTube who you think deserves more attention?
MC: Tough question. I'd say that Tristam is one of the best examples of an artist that grew rapidly on YouTube. Taking a look at his video feed shows his progress over the past two years as an artist. It's amazing to see how far he has come!
TF: Where do you see the electronic music genre in five years? Do you think YouTube will still be an important asset?
MC: Electronic music will continue to grow and evolve. There will be waves of new styles/genres and a blending of pop music with electronic music. The one constant will be the fans – people's tastes will evolve with the genres.
In regards to YouTube – I am seeing a trend where indie labels are moving away from traditional outlets such as Soundcloud and starting to leverage YouTube more effectively. It isn't easy and it takes time but that is a good move in my opinion. YouTube is by far the best platform for organic growth and there is incredibly opportunity for those who put in the work.
Labels are also starting to turn to YouTube blogs (promoter channels such as TastyNetwork, Mrsuicidesheep, Proximity etc) for additional marketing support for their music. Using these already developed curators who share music freely to large audiences is something we have leveraged along many times for our releases. What we give up in a video's ad revenue we gain exponentially in new fans that can become loyal fans of Monstercat.
Those channels are a part of the program I mentioned earlier edmDistrict. For labels that don't have open ended budgets for marketing, distribution and promotion they offer a very progressive exposure mechanism. Five years is a very long time but I hope YouTube will be as powerful a tool then as it is now. I'm sure there will be new platforms that come and go from time to time but YouTube doesn't show any signs of being caught in the near future.
On Deck (channels that will soon reach one million subscribers): Crash Course, Baixaki, lile451
Frustrated with his team's performance following its third straight loss, D.C. United coach Ben Olsen said Saturday that the club needed to fix something. He went so far as to suggest looking within the league for a trade partner.
A solution to United's scoring woes (two goals in six matches), however, could possibly come from within as forward Casey Townsend, on loan to the Richmond Kickers, scored twice in a 4-1 victory against Charleston on Saturday.
“Every person we send down there, there are different reasons they're going down, different timelines. Casey's a guy we could choose to pull back for good, but in the meantime we think games are important for him,” Olsen said. “We haven't scored a lot of goals, so we're always looking for guys that are in form and he certainly looks to be progressing pretty good with that group. We know he can score goals. Nothing is off the table.”
Townsend was acquired by United this offseason for a draft pick in a trade with Chivas USA. The 23-year-old University of Maryland product was the fifth overall pick in the 2012 MLS SuperDraft and played in 17 matches last season, starting 10. He scored one goal and assisted two others while taking 17 shots.
“I think I've been playing well, working hard and doing what the coaches ask of me,” Townsend said. “Obviously there are people ahead of me on the depth chart, and it's a business. That's the way it goes. I just keep my head down, come in and do my job. Hopefully they notice that and I can get my chance.”
In training sessions, Townsend has looked crisp and scored Tuesday in a 6v6 short-field session. He said it's been good for him to play the full 90 minutes in Richmond as opposed to 10 or 15 minutes off the bench.
“Obviously my job is to score goals and I did that last week in Richmond,” Townsend said. “I haven't spoken to [the coaching staff] that much this week in regards to this weekend [against Philadelphia], but I'm sure we'll have that conversation at some point.”
What is Dyn, and why were they in the news?
You may have heard on the news this weekend that a DDoS attack on a company called Dyn was causing intermittent outages across the internet. The problem illustrates a critical aspect of the structure of the internet. And it's one that non-IT people rarely think about. Rather than attacking websites themselves, the miscreants were targeting the roadmap that directs internet users to the right place. It's called DNS.
What is DNS?
DNS stands for Domain Name System. Essentially, it's a series of servers, located all over the world, that direct website traffic to the right place on the internet. When you type in a domain name like “outerbridge.co.uk”, it actually corresponds to a specific IP address which is a series of numbers. Computers like to talk to each other using numbers rather than words, so “outerbridge.co.uk” is pretty meaningless to a computer unless it's translated into it's own numerical code.
Sometimes your computer will already know the IP address (for example, if you've visited the website before). If not, it will ask your internet service provider to check its database of domains and associated IP addresses. If that doesn't work, then it asks a DNS server where to go.
Managing the DNS servers and making sure they are always accessible is a complicated job and a big industry. Most reputable companies pay someone else to provide this service, and Dyn is one such provider. Their DNS service was the victim of the DDoS attack today.
What is DDoS?
DDoS stands for Distributed Denial of Service. A DDoS attack works by bombarding a server with incoming traffic. Eventually the server is overwhelmed and shuts down.
For most large companies, an individual doing this wouldn't be enough to bring it down. This is where botnets come in. Botnets are large groups of computers infected with malware, secretly, This computes can then be controlled remotely by someone else. So if you get a botnet of thousands of computers all sending traffic to one server, you can overload it. Although Dyn have 18 servers in total, multiple attacks meant that some customers in some regions could not access certain websites. This included major players like Twitter & PayPal. The problems persisted for extended periods of time.
What do lightbulbs have to do with it?
More and more devices with internet capability are being produced. For example, Nest thermostats, wi-fi controlled lightbulbs and home security systems. Manufacturers of these devices tend to focus on function rather than security. Consequently, they are relatively easy to exploit and use for cyberattacks. Dyn have confirmed that one source of the traffic for the attacks were tens of millions of devices infected by something called the Mirai botnet.
Is the entire internet in danger of collapsing under the strain?
No – Dyn is just one of many DNS providers. But cybersecurity experts are warning that it's likely that we will see more incidents of this type.
What can I do to protect myself?
At this point, you probably expect me to say that if you have an Outerbridge support package then you've got nothing to worry about, but of course this is not true. Just like Twitter and PayPal, we pay a DNS provider to look after directing some of the traffic for our customers websites. All live websites are ultimately reliant on some form of DNS provider. Whilst we are using an extremely reputable firm, we cannot guarantee that our customers will never be affected by a DDoS attack. Nor can any other website hosting company.
One thing we can say though is that, if you have an Outerbridge support package, it is us who will be tearing our hair out at 3am and not you! Our customers can rest assured that we regard any problems of this type as our problems, not theirs. We will do everything we can to mitigate the effects of such an attack and find a solution for our customers.
For the ultimate in peace of mind and relaxing weekends, why not find out more about our support packages?
Article submitted by Toni Zimmer.
There will be a day when you need access to your Debian box from another place than home, for example to get files from your home server with scp or if you're running a webserver, an irc proxy, a ftp server, a mail server…
Most likely your ISP gives you a dynamic IP address. This problem can be solved by getting a static DNS name, so you can connect to your home even if your IP keeps changing. First of all you have to create an account with your favourite dyndns provider. I use dyndns.org but there are others, such as easydns.com, dslreports.com or zoneedit.com. You can use others if you know ddclient supports its protocol.
There you can specify the hostname (combined with a domain name) for your computer. You can enable mail routing if you want to setup a home mail server.
When you install ddclient you will be asked for the dyndns service provider where you created your account. After that you must enter the complete (or fully qualified) domain name of your computer (something like dpotd.gotdns.org) and your account name (including the password, which will be stored in plaintext in /etc/ddclient.conf !). Now you have to choose the interface that connects you to internet. ddclient will get your IP address from there, so you shouldn't be behind a NAT. Afterwards you will be asked if you want to start ddclient when connecting with PPP and if you want ddclient to run on system startup or not (probably you will use the first or the second choice). If you choose to run ddclient on startup, you can enter a delay between address checks (default are five minutes, so every five minutes your system will tell your current IP address to your dyndns service provider).
Your settings are stored in /etc/ddclient.conf and look like this:
# Configuration file for ddclient generated by debconf # # /etc/ddclient.conf pid=/var/run/ddclient.pid protocol=dyndns2 use=if, if=eth0 server=members.dyndns.org login=dyndnsloginname password='dyndnsloginpassword' dpotd.gotdns.org
If everything is okay, wait a couple of minutes for the DNS information to populate and then you will be able to do something like ssh dpotd.gotdns.org or w3m dpotd.gotdns.org
ddlient is available in Debian since Sarge and in Ubuntu (universe) since Dapper.
For a long time, the holy grail of solar photovoltaics (PV) has been “grid parity,” the point at which it would be as cheap to generate one's own solar electricity as it is to buy electricity from the grid. And that is indeed an important market milestone, being achieved now in many places around the world. But recently it has become clear that PV is set to go beyond grid parity and become the cheapest way to generate electricity.
Whenever I say this I encounter incredulity, even vehement opposition, from friends and foes of renewable energy alike. Apparently, knowledge of the rapid developments of the last few years has not been widely disseminated. But it's happening, right under our noses! It is essential to understand this so that we can leverage it to rapidly switch to a global energy system fully based on renewable energy.
Photo: Ariane van DijkWorking on solar PV energy at Ecofys since 1986, I have seen steady progression: efficiency goes up, cost goes down. But it was only on a 2004 visit to Q-Cells‘ solar cell factory in Thalheim, Germany, that it dawned on me that PV could become very cheap indeed. They gave me a stack of 100 silicon solar cells, each capable of producing 3.8 watts of power in full sunshine. I still have it in the office; it's only an inch high!
That's when I realized how little silicon was needed to supply the annual electricity consumption of an average European family (4,000 kWh). Under European solar radiation, it would take 1,400 cells, totaling less than 30 pounds of silicon.
Of course, you need to cover the cells with some glass and add a frame, a support structure, some cables, and an inverter. But the fact that 30 pounds of silicon, an amount that costs $700 to produce, is enough to generate a lifetime of household electricity baffled me. Over 25 years, the family would pay at least $25,000 for the same 100,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity from fossil fuels — and its generation cost alone would total over $6,000!
At a very large scale, the cost of manufacturing anything drops to just above the cost of its base materials. As scale goes up, per-unit costs come down. This is known as a “learning curve” — the price per unit of capacity comes down by x percent for every doubling of cumulatively installed capacity. For solar PV modules, the learning rate has been exceptionally high, averaging 22 percent for the past two decades. The cost of the “balance of system,” i.e., all other components needed, follows this trend line closely. So this is what we see happening now in PV:
Image: Wim Sinke, ECN. Sources: Navigant Consulting, EPIA
To unleash the power of a steep learning curve, you need a market driver when costs are still high; we should all be grateful to Germany for playing that role since the introduction of a feed-in tariff there in the year 2000.
Under the German renewable energy scheme, a family or company investing in a solar PV system receives a fixed amount per kWh of solar electricity supplied to the grid. The additional costs are distributed over all users of the grid, nationwide. Successive governments, in varying coalitions, have kept the principle alive, continuously lowering the tariffs as scale went up and cost came down. Contrary to what some believe, competition on the German PV market has always been fierce, which of course is a driving factor behind the ensuing cost (and price) reductions.
In 2004, the feed-in tariff was $0.77 per kWh. For 2012, the tariff for large, ground-based systems is already down to $0.23 per kWh, in spite of eight years of inflation. Expectations are that, even at this low tariff, between 3,500 and 5,000 megawatts of new PV capacity will be installed in Germany next year. This means that the PV supply chain and investors can earn a living at $0.23 per kWh, including operation and maintenance cost, margins, and return on capital.
But that's in Germany. The funny thing is: Germany is not very sunny! Average annual solar radiation in the sunniest parts of the country, where most PV systems are installed, is 1,000 to 1,100 kWh per 10.8 square feet, measured on a horizontal plane. The world map below shows that this is substantially less than in most of the world. In a sunnier region, like the southwestern U.S., solar radiation is double Germany's, so the same installed capacity (in watts) will produce twice as much solar electricity (in kWh). As a consequence, the cost of a solar PV kWh in Arizona is only half of the cost in Germany, i.e., already below $0.12. That's right now, without any subsidies or tax breaks.
Image: Meteotest
But what of the competition? Aside from PV, the bulk of new power plants these days are either natural gas-fired, coal-fired, or wind energy. Nuclear is a would-be competitor, but so little of it has been built in recent decades that real cost data are scarce; the trend seems to be sharply up, however, and little is known about the cost of additional post-Fukushima safety measures.
Costs vary per country, and fossil fuels mostly don't get the right costs allocated for their CO2 emissions, but let's take two recent studies for the U.S. here. The Brattle Group published the Connecticut Integrated Resource Plan [PDF] in 2008. They found levelized cost per kWh for natural gas-fired power plants to be $0.076 to $0.092, and for coal, $0.086, both without carbon capture and storage. And in 2009, MIT issued its Update on the Cost of Nuclear Power [PDF], in which they found levelized cost per kWh for nuclear's competitors of $0.062 (coal) and $0.065 (natural gas), without any charge for CO2 emissions.
The cost of wind energy is already close to competitive with gas and coal. The recent Global Status Report [PDF] by REN21 states its kWh-cost for suitable locations as $0.05 to $0.09, for an average of $0.07. Wind power cost is still decreasing, due to learning effects, but at a much lower rate than the cost of PV.
It is highly unlikely that fossil fuels will get away without any charge for CO2 emissions in the long run. In a growing number of countries, such as the 27 countries of the European Union and Australia, this market distortion has already (mostly) come to an end. But let's assume that the cost of solar PV electricity needs to drop to below $0.06 per kWh to live up to the claim that it's the cheapest source of electricity. In sunny regions, we will need to halve the cost of PV power again to make that happen. Three doublings of cumulative capacity will do, since, according to PV's rapid learning curve, every doubling of capacity leads to a cost reduction of 22 percent. After three doublings the cost will be multiplied by 0.78 * 0.78 * 0.78 = 0.47.
Cumulative installed PV capacity globally was 40 gigawatts (GW) at the end of last year. Three doublings mean this has to grow
by a factor of eight, to 320 GW, to achieve the necessary halving of cost. From 2005 to 2010, PV capacity installed annually grew by an average of 49 percent per year. Even if this slows down to 25 percent per year in the near future, we will reach 320 GW in 2018 — that's only seven years from now!
To be sure, that was starting from a present PV kWh cost of $0.12, valid for sunny regions like the Southwest U.S. As can be seen from the solar map above, the regions with at least comparable solar radiation include most of Latin America, Africa, the Middle East, Australia, and large swaths of Asia, including all of India. For all those regions, PV will be the cheapest option by 2018. After that, further increases in cumulatively installed capacity will drive PV cost further down, making it grow swiftly in the regions in which it is the cheapest option to generate electricity.
This development does not, in itself, make life easy. Developing a world energy system that runs on 100 percent renewable energy by 2050 is a major and complex global effort, involving large investments in energy efficiency, renewable energy, and infrastructure, as we have shown in “The Energy Report” [PDF]. But it sure helps a lot!
Winnipeg Mayor Brian Bowman used his annual state of the city speech to express support for ride-sharing services like Uber, promise to reduce the red tape associated with permits and say he's made progress on reopening Portage and Main to pedestrians.
Speaking to a Winnipeg Chamber of Commerce luncheon crowd of about 1,100 at the Winnipeg Convention Centre, Bowman said he plans to work with the provincial Taxicab Board to welcome Uber or a service like it to the city.
The mayor pledged to create a new "permits logistics desk" to speed up approval for permits. It's not immediately clear how this improves upon the express permits desk instituted by former mayor Sam Katz.
"What I've heard from you is that the permit process still sucks," the mayor quipped.
Winnipeg Mayor Brian Bowman used his annual state of the city speech to express support for ride-sharing services like Uber, promise to reduce the red tape associated with permits and say he's made progress on reopening Portage and Main to pedestrians. 1:42
Bowman also said he's obtained letters of support for reopening the Portage Avenue and Main Street intersection to foot traffic from the owners of 201 Portage Avenue, the Richardson Building, 360 Main St. and Scotia Bank.
Absent from this list is the Bank of Montreal, whose property has been identified as presenting logistics challenges to new infrastructure required at the intersection.
"Conversations with BMO have gone very, very well," the mayor said following his speech, opining the bank will benefit from reopening Portage & Main.
The mayor said the city still hasn't worked out a cost-sharing agreement with the Portage Avenue property owners. No report to council about the project is imminent, he added.
The mayor also promised to begin 2018 budget consultations this spring, announced the city has filled the vacant position of chief innovation officer and pledged unspecified further reductions to the city's business tax.
The mayor also reiterated the need for the city to bring in growth fees, which council approved last fall. That move has alienated him from some of his supporters, some of whom were in the crowd today.​
Bowman also reiterated his support for reconciliation between Winnipeg's Indigenous and non-Indigenous communities and welcomed the arrival of more newcomers to the city.
"Winnipeg needs to be a city for everyone," he said. "Whatever your dream, you should be able to make your home right here."
The mayor also repeated his concerns about anti-trade sentiment in Donald Trump's United States.
After the speech, Winnipeg Police Association president Moe Sabourin expressed disappointment Bowman did not address violent crime.
"The speech I heard today shows that Mayor Bowman just takes the efforts of police for granted, and we are concerned with what that means for public safety," Sabourin said in a statement.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
More than 100 years ago Tolstoy got to the heart of what's wrong with Keynesianism. I don't know why it took me so long to figure it out.
An effective monetary policy will steer NGDP growth at a fairly steady rate, such as the roughly 5% growth we experienced during the Great Moderation. But suppose we don't have effective monetary policy, what then? Then we have Keynesian economics.
Keynesian economics purports to explain how all sorts of stuff will impact AD, which is roughly NGDP. (NGDP and AD aren't always defined as being identical, but in most standard Keynesian models than move in the same direction.)
Thus a change in business animal spirits, fiscal policy, consumer optimism, mortgage lending, the trade balance, etc, etc, will impact AD, according to the Keynesian model. But if we have an effective monetary policy it will not affect AD. I don't think that's very controversial.
Here's where it gets controversial. Many people will say; “but we don't have an effective monetary policy, so the Keynesian model is valid. The Fed won't offset those real demand shocks; hence the shocks will end up moving AD.”
There are three problems with this Keynesian view. First, as we saw during the Great Moderation, one cannot assume the Fed won't offset the “non-monetary” demand shocks. Quite often they did so, and very effectively.
But let's say I'm wrong, and monetary policy is incompetent. Even that doesn't save the Keynesian model. Because their next step is to assume “other things constant.” They hold monetary policy constant when considering the impact of some expenditure shock in one of the economy's sectors. But you can't hold monetary policy constant, because the entire concept is meaningless. You can hold interest rates constant, or exchange rates constant, or M2 constant, or the monetary base constant, or TIPS spreads constant, or you can assume we constantly adhere to the Taylor Rule. But there is no such thing as “monetary policy held constant.” The term is hopelessly vague, and means different things to different people.
And of course even if you could hold monetary policy constant, any estimates of the impact of expenditure shocks would be worthless, because monetary policy in the real world would not be held constant, according to any criteria. The Fed doesn't hold interest rates constant. It doesn't hold M2 constant; it doesn't hold the exchange rate constant.
There is only one effective monetary policy (stable NGDP growth), but there are a billion ineffective policies. Policy can fail in a dizzying variety of ways. And for each inept monetary policy, there is a completely different impact from a given expenditure shock. That means there are a billion Keynesian models:
1. There is the Keynesian model if Bernanke runs the Fed, and has three hawks on the FOMC.
2. There is the Keynesian model if Volcker runs the Fed.
3. There is the Keynesian model is G. William Miller runs the Fed.
4. There is the Keynesian model if Bernanke runs the Fed, and there is one hawk on the FOMC.
and so on.
So when people talk about the effect of some “shock to AD, from a redistribution of income from low savers to high savers,” my response is “Huh?” What are you talking about? That isn't science, it's witchcraft. How should I know how Bernanke would respond to that? You convinced me he's not following effective monetary policy. So I've bought into that part of the Keynesian model. But I have no idea which ineffective policy he is following. And when I talk to others I realize that they are absurdly overconfident in their particular Keynesian model, mostly because they are blithely unaware of the problems I just laid out in this post. And I'm calling out pretty much all the top macroeconomists in my field, including a certain unnamed Nobel Prize winner.
There is one Nobel prize winner I will name; Paul Krugman. He does sort of understand this problem. And his particular Keynesian model, his particular “ineffective monetary regime,” is nominal rates stuck as zero and no unconventional monetary stimulus. Too bad that doesn't describe our current Fed, or else Krugman's version of the Keynesian model might have something useful to tell us about the impact of various expenditure shocks.
Just wait till we exit the liquidity tap, then you'll see me really go ballistic in response to all the Keynesian drivel you see in the press.
PS: Brad DeLong recently had this to say:
A Wicksellian is a believer that the key equation in macro is the flow-of-funds equation S = I + (G-T), savings S equals planned investment I plus government borrowing (G-T), and that the money market exists to feed the flow-of-funds an interest rate that has a (limited) influence on planned investment I. A Fisherian is a believer that the key equation in macro is the money market's quantity theory equation PY = MV(i), and that the flow-of-funds exists to feed the quantity theory an interest rate that has a (limited) influence on velocity V. Thus they have a hard time communicating. From the Fisherian viewpoint, the Wicksellians are talking nonsense because they spend their time on things that have a minor impact on velocity while ignoring the obvious shortage of money. From the Wicksellian viewpoint, the Fisherians are talking nonsense by ignoring the obvious fact that movements in money induce offsetting effects in velocity unless they somehow alter the savings-investment balance. And it is we Hicksians, of course, synthesize both positions into a single unified and coherent whole…
I'm not sure DeLong is completely fair to Wicksell, but let's say he is. Then I'd say the Wicksell view is the view of people who are blithely unaware of the ideas in this post. People who don't even realize there is a “money reaction function problem.” Some Fisherians underestimate the instability of velocity, but at least their framework is sound. DeLong sounds like the sensible guy who combines the best of two extreme views. I'd say that when you combine a sound theory with an unsound theory you end up with a half-baked model of the economy.
PPS. These ideas were addressed from a slightly different perspective in this very early post, which appears to be Marcus Nunes' favorite.
HT: Thanks to John Papola for triggering this post with a thoughtful question.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Tags:
This entry was posted on December 19th, 2011 and is filed under Keynesianism, Misc., Monetary Policy, NGDP targeting. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site.
Texas lawmaker demands Muslim visitors take loyalty oath
A Texas state lawmaker drew criticism Thursday for demanding that Muslims visiting her office during a day of outreach in Austin take a loyalty oath and denounce Islamic terrorism.
As local students and others went to the statehouse for Muslim State Capitol day, state Rep. Molly White, a Republican from Belton, offered her warning to would-be visitors on Facebook. While she did not plan to be in her office on Thursday, “I did leave an Israeli flag on the reception desk in my office with instructions to ask representatives from the Muslim community to renounce Islamic terrorist groups and publicly announce allegiance to America and our laws,” she wrote.
Story Continued Below
“We will see how long they stay in my office,” she added.
The Council of American-Islamic Relations, whose Texas chapter organized the day as a way to introduce young people to state government, wrote Thursday to House Speaker Joe Straus to protest the move and ask for an ethics investigation.
“Has Rep. White violated any House rules in creating such an internal office policy that is selectively being enforced to discriminate against certain religious minorities trying to meet with her or her staff?” CAIR Government Affairs Manager Robert McCaw asked in the letter. “Are House members prohibited from making constituents take oaths before meeting with their elected representatives or house staff? Or, are you aware of any other ethical breaches that may have occurred because of these statements?”
Straus, a Republican from San Antonio, pushed back on White's comments.
“The Texas Capitol belongs to all the people of this state, and legislators have a responsibility to treat all visitors just as we expect to be treated — with dignity and respect,” he said in a statement. “Anything else reflects poorly on the entire body and distracts from the very important work in front of us.”
After the initial backlash to her Facebook post, White said she planned to ban insulting responses that came from people who do not live in her district. “I do not apologize for my comments above. If you love America, obey our laws and condemn Islamic terrorism then I embrace you as a fellow American. If not, then I do not,” she wrote.
Visitors to the capitol on Thursday also faced protests from a small crowd holding signs that read “Radical Islam is the New Nazi” and “Go Home & Take Obama With You,” the Texas Tribune reported.
Get the biggest Weekly Politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's looking grim at Westminster.
Both the major political parties are facing a leadership crisis.
But it's always darkest before dawn. Doctors used to believe that bit of bloodletting - literally making the patient bleed - was sometimes required to restore them to health.
And so it is in politics. We need change. Labour and the Conservatives are both failing the nation.
The pain they're going through could be the prelude to a fresh start. Let's hope so.
The Conservatives are in a battle prompted by David Cameron's decision to resign.
And it looks like being a particularly nasty one, with Michael Gove, the Justice Secretary, being accused of stabbing his former ally Boris Johnson in the back.
Whatever problems the Tories face are mild compared to the crisis in the Labour Party.
Most Labour MPs are convinced that party leader Jeremy Corbyn must go.
But he seems determined to stay, on the grounds that he won an overwhelming mandate from party members in last year's leadership contest.
Things are moving quickly, and he may resign after all.
But if not, Labour MPs face the challenge of uniting around an alternative candidate such as former Shadow Business Secretary Angela Eagle, and convincing members to vote for her in a leadership contest.
It's chaos all over. But look at it this way.
David Cameron's government was running out of steam. He was a lame duck Prime Minister - after announcing he would resign before 2020 anyway.
And his claim to be a “compassionate” One Nation Conservative was continually undermined by Chancellor George Osborne's tinkering with the tax and benefits system - which made life harder for the poorest in our society.
Meanwhile, Labour under Jeremy Corbyn was failing to provide meaningful opposition to the Government.
Mr Corbyn's supporters will point to a number of Government u-turns, such as over tax credit cuts. But these were really a result of Tory MPs rebelling against the Chancellor's plans, rather than anything Labour did.
Most of all, Mr Corbyn's Labour Party is not a credible alternative government. It doesn't look like it could win a general election.
So the current chaos - and the prospect of a change of leadership in both major parties - is a good thing for the country.
It's needed in order get our political system working again.
Now, if Labour fails to resolve its problems and get a leader that MPs can unite around, that will be a different matter. If Mr Corbyn manages to cling on then Labour as a serious party could be finished.
Remembrance Day dates back to the end of the First World War, but for me, it will always be about two other wars.
One was the Second World War, which ended years before I was born. My connection to it was only my late father, who served with 422 Squadrons of the Royal Canadian Air Force, based at Castle Archdale in Northern Ireland.
He was a navigator, not a soldier, but he talked with such open affection and profane joy about his former crew that perhaps the seeds for the way I view those who serve in the military were planted then.
The other war was Canada's decade-plus mission in Afghanistan.
That one I experienced first-hand, as a reporter embedded with the three regular force regiments of the Canadian army.
I spent the most time with the 1st Battalion, Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry, which with a company of the 2nd Battalion, a battery of gunners from 1st Royal Canadian Horse Artillery, combat engineers and reservists formed the Task Force Orion battle group.
I spent almost six months on four tours (short reporter-type tours of about six weeks each) in Kandahar over the last half of 2006, and later wrote a book about the Canadians I met and got to know a little.
It was easily the most significant experience of my life.
Much of the art in my house shows that.
I have two proper Louie Palu photographs (Palu became one of the great photographers of that war, and was with me on my first trip, when we both worked for The Globe and Mail) and a collection of lesser Palu prints.
These are of so-called rock and shitter paintings, drawings and graffiti done by Afghans and Canadians respectively on local rocks and plywood loos. My favourite of the lot is from a loo, and reads, “I wish my girlfriend was as dirty as this place!!”, with the answering scrawl of a smart-ass, “I wish your girlfriend was dirty too.”
I have a giant numbered war print of a Gertrude Kearns' portrait. Kearns is for my money (and she has some considerable amount of it) the best war artist of her generation. Her show of this work, called The Art of Command, was most recently in Calgary.
I also have in my office a large map of the Task Force Kandahar battle space, snapped up on my behalf by a military friend when it was declassified.
I digress, but the point is that my time with soldiers was and remains important to me.
I never found the troops to be uneasy, awkward or intimidated by reporters. Rather the opposite: They were ridiculously open, including about any army's propensity to screw things up, and they swore with enviable proficiency, if not quite as well as I do.
I loved being with them, loved their boisterous masculinity (and yes, there were women there, too, but they fitted themselves in with the majority) and their great competence at so much.
They were first and foremost so astonishingly capable.
They could fix anything, cook anything, drive anything. They could talk to anyone, handle a weapon, march for days carrying ridiculous amounts of gear, set up a tent, work a satellite phone and a radio. They bitched about everything yet never complained; there's a difference, and infantrymen know it. They were funny and smart. They were complicated and thoughtful.
When they came home — 158 of them, of course, didn't come home at all, and many more were wounded — I stayed in touch with some.
The Patricias were posted out to new jobs in new places almost as soon as they returned. It made their adjustment to Canada much more difficult — they had grown so close and were then ripped apart — and some of my guys struggled. Others won medals for bravery under fire. Several left the Canadian Forces in the years afterwards and moved on to genuinely big jobs in the civilian world; others stayed in and moved on with their careers. A couple drank too much for a while after or got in trouble with the law or saw their relationships fall apart.
Were a couple suffering post-traumatic stress disorder? Maybe, and I'm no psychiatrist, but I don't think so and I don't think they think so.
They had spent six months training for Kandahar and six to nine months there in that violent and unpredictable country, feeling both terribly vulnerable and gloriously alive. They saw their friends killed and blown up and lose limbs. They were grieving and guilty and grateful. Of course they were fucked up for a time.
For all the modern view of soldiers as victims — for God's sakes, with the Ontario government's move of last week to pay for trauma counselling for jurors in criminal trials, we are all victims — and with the emphasis now on PTSD in the military, my experience of them is that they were never that.
I'll think of them all, those who are gone and those who are living, on Friday.
• Email: cblatchford@postmedia.com | Twitter: blatchkiki
Jedediah Bila, cohost of “The View,” destroyed Hillary Clinton on Twitter after excerpts of Clinton's new book were released to the media.
Mediaite tweeted out a quote from the book where Clinton said her “skin crawled” when President Donald Trump loomed over her during the second presidential debate.
Hillary Clinton: ‘My Skin Crawled' at the Sight of Donald Trump During the Campaign https://t.co/7PfzCewRwN pic.twitter.com/rrA34aEFFR — Mediaite (@Mediaite) August 23, 2017
“Did it crawl when you went to his 2005 wedding?” Bila retorted.
Did it crawl when you went to his 2005 wedding? https://t.co/AV7IId6Tj4 — Jedediah Bila (@JedediahBila) August 23, 2017
The Clintons attended Trump's third wedding in 2005 when he married his current wife, Melania. Pictures of the Clintons and the Trumps laughing with each other at the wedding circulated during the 2016 campaign.
Clinton said she attended the wedding because she “thought it would be fun,” but found it more “troubling” when he decided to run for president.
Follow Amber on Twitter
Southeast Portland crash claims two lives 4 Gallery: Southeast Portland crash claims two lives
A serious accident at a Southeast Portland residential intersection has claimed two lives and prompted a search for three passengers who fled the scene.
Witnesses say a Cadillac Escalade SUV sped through a stop sign at the intersection of
and plowed into a white Toyota Corolla. An emergency dispatcher said the first 911 call about the accident came in just before 5 p.m.
Both occupants of the Toyota were declared dead at the scene, Portland Police Bureau said in a press release. A passenger of the SUV was transported to a hospital. His condition was not known.
Witnesses said the SUV was going an estimated 60 MPH north on 28th, a residential street, when the accident happened. The impact sent the Toyota into a nearby utility pole. The SUV continued an estimated 100 feet and came to rest in the front yard of a home on 28th.
Police quickly began searching the neighborhood for three people seen fleeing the SUV. One suspect was described as having a limp.
One of the suspects was later apprehended, but the other two remained at large Saturday evening, police spokesman Sgt. Pete Simpson said. No description of the suspects was available, he said. "I don't think they're searching for the two right now," Simpson said shortly before 7 p.m.
The accident occurred near two bars with outside seating and traumatized many witnesses. Police were treating the accident as a crime scene.
They closed Southeast Gladstone Street from 28th to 29th Avenue and Southeast 28th Place in both directions. Witnesses are urged to call 503-823-3333 if they saw the accident or know the identity of those who fled.
We'll have more updates as we get them.
-- Dave Killen and
A bag containing €2,000 in cash and a new iPad was lost on a Gozo Channel ferry but returned to its owner untouched shortly after.
"There are still good people out there! There is hope!," Ina Pavlova said as she recounted her story.
She said she had been on the ferry on her way back to Malta yesterday when she forgot her handbag in the cafeteria. She realised it was missing when she was already in Madliena.
"You can't imagine the horror I and my partner experienced. Apart from important documents, I had in it a brand new IPad and more than 2k in cash. The drive back while trying to get through to the ferry company on the phone was something I don't wish anybody else to experience ever.
"But once we got to Cirkewwa, we found an official who managed to get through to the ship via the radio station. They confirmed that they found a bag.
"After waiting for half an hour for the ferry to come back from Gozo, not knowing if we were going to find the bag empty, we ran on to the deck. And there was this middle age Maltese guy, a member of the crew, with the biggest smile ever, who handed me the bag. He was the guy who found it.
"Everything was inside, untouched. He didn't even want to take the reward we offered him. He said he doesn't deserve it and ran away downstairs.
"This was the moment when I broke down and started crying.
We couldn't even get his name. God bless him!"
BlackBerry will change its CEO and accept a $1 billion loan from a consortium involving shareholder Fairfax Financial Holdings as it struggles with inventory and strategy problems. The company has abandoned plans to sell itself.
CEO Thorsten Heins will resign when the deal is complete, with former Sybase CEO John S. Chen joining the company as chairman and interim CEO, BlackBerry announced Monday.
The $1 billion loan takes the form of convertible debentures, exchangeable for shares at a price of $10, a 28.7 percent premium over Friday's closing price, the company said. Fairfax has agreed to acquire $250 million of the debentures, with other institutional investors agreeing to take the rest. If all the debentures were converted, they would amount to around 16 percent of outstanding shares, BlackBerry said. In addition, the investors could purchase another $250 million of debentures, potentially raising their combined stake to 19.2 percent.
In September, Fairfax made a conditional offer of around $9 per share, valuing BlackBerry at around $4.7 billion, although it had not obtained financing for the deal at that time. The new arrangement puts a higher value on the company, but means Fairfax has to find less money to finance the deal.
BlackBerry thanked Heins for establishing a more efficient cost structure and overseeing delivery and adoption of the BlackBerry 10 platform and BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES) 10.
The company said the deal is a “significant vote of confidence in BlackBerry and its future,” but not everyone sees it that way.
“I think it's more of a leap of faith than a vote of confidence,” said Ben Wood, director of research at CCS Insight.
The main problem is that it doesn't fundamentally change anything, according to Wood. It gives the company some more cash and new leadership, but BlackBerry is still a company that is finding it hard to compete with Apple and the Android camp on its own, he said.
The decision to borrow money and stay independent is in contrast to Nokia's deal to be acquired by Microsoft.
Jack Gold, principal analyst at J. Gold Associates, had a more upbeat take on the deal.
“Although BlackBerry has enough cash to run its business for some time, given all of the cuts in operations expense it has been making, this investment nonetheless gives it more breathing room,” Gold said via email.
Gold has especially high hopes for what Chen can accomplish: “He was chief executive at Sybase during the years it had a major impact (and substantial growth) in the mobile marketplace, and he subsequently sold the company to SAP,” Gold said.
One of the reasons SAP acquired Sybase was to get its hands on the Afaria mobile device management platform. “John Chen knows how to manage a mobile company, and perhaps more importantly, can make things happen in the industry,” Gold said.
One thing the statement issued on Monday lacked was any indication of what Chen plans to do to turn around BlackBerry; whether, for example, he will stick with the strategy the company announced in September, which called for it to reduce the number of devices and focus more on the enterprise.
“Right now there are no real answers for Blackberry, and that is a very uncomfortable place to be for investors, customers, workers and partners,” technology industry analyst Jeff Kagan said via email.
BlackBerry's smartphone OS share dropped to just 1 percent during the third quarter, compared to 4.3 percent during the same period last year, according to Strategy Analytics. In the same period shipments fell from 7.4 million to 2.5 million, the market research company said.
Updated at 9:35 a.m. PT with new information throughout the story.
Updated at 4:02 p.m. PT with a video report from IDG News Service.
Former Liverpool goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar believes Steven Gerrard's head is already at MLS side LA Galaxy following his red card against Manchester United.
The Reds skipper was given his marching orders for a stamp on Ander Herrera just 38 seconds after stepping off the bench during the Red Devils' 2-1 victory at Anfield.
Gerrard has agreed to join LA Galaxy at the end of the season, and former Zimbabwe shot-stopper Grobbelaar, who won six First Division titles with Liverpool, insists the 34-year-old isn't fully focused on the race for a top four place.
“Steven Gerrard wanted to stamp his authority on to the match,” he told Extra Time, we suspect with a hint of irony.
“I know that Gerrard's heart is in Liverpool, and always will be, but his head is in Los Angeles.”
Heredia Clothing of Mexico is famous for their Dragon Ball shoes, which have sold well and even popped up in the collections of fans outside of Heredia's native country. Their first wave of shoes were modeled after Goku (below), Vegeta and Trunks, but now they're moving on to other characters for their next set of releases.
Just today Heredia announced a new pair of shoes modeled after Cell, which feature the colors and textures of his skin, as well as the Red Ribbon Army logo. They're planned for released some time in August, 2015 at a retail price of 1,350pesos.
Also slated to be revealed in August are shoes in the likeness of Frieza and Piccolo. Stay tuned and we'll be sure to post pictures of those as they're revealed by Heredia.
Check out the shoes below:
Ron Duwell | Gaming Reviews & News by
Yokai Watch developer Level-5 has sent out a recruitment notice for a “large-scale project” in this week's edition of Famitsu. As fans of the company, we are dying to know what it is!
Level-5's letter uses the childish and creepy language of its lead cat character in Yokai Watch to rally the programmers, designers, and planners into coming aboard, but it doesn't indicate that it will be working on Yokai Watch 3. The company was able to handle and launch both of the previous games while operating at a normal size. It doesn't seem like it needs extra help for that franchise.
Chances are that the company is hiring for a voyage to the PlayStation 4 and the HD console scene. Over the last generation, Level-5 mostly focused on expanding popular handheld series like Inazuma Eleven and Professor Layton, but it scored a lot of points by working with Studio Ghibli on the PlayStation 3's Ni No Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch.
In this new console cycle, though, fans would no doubt like to see the return of its horribly underrated action-RPG Rogue Galaxy or even the long overdue Dark Cloud 3.
Allow me to throw one other theory out there because this is the one I believe in the most.
Level-5 also scored it big by not only developing Dragon Quest VIII and Dragon Quest IX, but for making them hugely successful hits with worldwide acclaim, something no other entry in the series had done at that point. Square Enix handled Dragon Quest X in-house because it had more experience than any other company in Japan at MMORPGs, but with Dragon Quest XI leaning back more towards a traditional single player experience, Square Enix and series creator Yuji Horii are not likely to forget the impact Level-5 has had on the series.
Could Level-5 be prepping for the development of Dragon Quest XI? I'd like to think so. Dark Cloud 3 would be pretty sweet too, though.
WWDC October is shaping up to be a big month for Apple.
The company is reportedly preparing to release a new 12-inch MacBook with a Retina display alongside its recently announced Mac software, OS X Yosemite, in October, reports 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman.
Apple also supposedly has a new super sharp 4K desktop release in its pipeline for October as well. Gurman's sources didn't specify whether or not this would be an iMac computer or a new monitor.
It's also unclear if the 12-inch MacBook Gurman's sources mentioned will be a new MacBook Pro or MacBook Air model.
If it's the latter, such a release would line up with previous rumors we've heard over the past few months.
Reports from Taiwan-based Digitimes and Chinese blog Weiphone have suggested that a 12-inch Retina display MacBook Air is in the works.
These new high-resolution Mac products will reportedly be flaunted as a selling point for Yosemite since the new OS will focus on more colorful icons and sharper text. Here's what Gurman's source reportedly told him:
Those interface elements appear especially optimized on higher-resolution screens, so it makes sense for us to debut new Retina Macs around the time of Yosemite's release.
Apple is also rumored to release its long-rumored iWatch around the same time. Re/code reported that Apple's first wearable will debut in October, but a more recent report from analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says that the iWatch won't even go into mass production until November.
Police lights (Photo: File photo)
BONDUEL - Six people, including children, were hospitalized when two sport utility vehicles carrying Boy Scouts crashed into each other Saturday on Wisconsin 29 in Shawano County.
The troop leader, who was driving one of the vehicles, was taken by helicopter to HSHS St. Vincent Hospital in Green Bay due to a severe head injury, Bonduel Police Chief Todd Chaney said.
The Boy Scouts were from Racine and going eastbound on Wisconsin 29 in two separate vehicles. The troop leader was driving the first vehicle and also pulling a trailer. Around 9:55 a.m., he swerved off the road, over-corrected and lost control of the SUV and trailer.
The second vehicle smashed into the first and both rolled off the road. The trailer overturned, and the second SUV landed on the front of the first SUV in a deep ditch along the highway just west of Wisconsin 47.
None of the 12 passengers were ejected from the vehicles, but six were taken to nearby hospitals. Chaney said he doesn't think the injuries are life threatening.
The uninjured passengers waited at a nearby gas station and convenience store until another adult could drive them home.
Read or Share this story: http://gbpg.net/29VtIQS
Rob Lowe has become an outspoken Conservative in Liberal Hollywood. Recently, he opined on what the NFL should do to players who boycott the National Anthem.
A good, sensible idea:
Dear @NFL Any player wants to boycott the anthem on 9/11 should be asked to remain in the locker room until kick off. It's not their moment. — Rob Lowe (@RobLowe) September 11, 2016
Of course, he got reamed by Liberals on Twitter, claiming “Constitutional rights.” This was one of the tamer responses:
@RobLowe You don't have to like it but it's a basic constitutional right, my friend — Alex (@VockLobster) September 11, 2016
Trending: CNN Told By South Korean Official: “Clearly Credit Goes To President Trump” (VIDEO)
And another got personal:
A second Hollywood Conservative – Nick Searcy of Justified fame – jumped to Rob's rescue:
There is not a basic constitutional right to be on a privately owned football team, Dufus. @VockLobster @RobLowe — Yes, Nick $earcy! (@yesnicksearcy) September 11, 2016
Boom!
He's right. If NFL players want to register their displeasure with the National Anthem, they aren't the only people with rights. The NFL owners have rights, too.
And so do the fans, as Nick Searcy pointed out:
And one more fan brings up a good point:
EXACTLY. Totally agree Rob. If I were to protest at my job, Id be fired. Players need to protest outside the field https://t.co/j4rbGjpj78 — Darren (@DJames525) September 11, 2016
True!
H/t IJR
A MAN REPORTED that a man fired a gun at him at about 5:30 p.m. Monday, May 2, while he was driving in the 2900 block of West Lawrence Avenue, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The 21-year-old man reported that a man in a sport utility vehicle fired several shots at him, striking the windshield and a driver's-side panel, according to police. The man reported that three men were in the vehicle, police said.
A MAN REPORTED that his home in the 3400 block of North Keating Avenue was burglarized between 7:30 p.m. Saturday, April 30, and 8 a.m. the following day, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The man reported that when he returned home he discovered that a window was broken and that a drill valued at $360, a saw valued at $260, a nail gun valued at $120, a compressor valued at $120, two gold bracelets valued at $1,100 and a guitar valued at $330 were missing, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that her home in the 3300 block of North Hamlin Avenue was burglarized between 11:30 p.m. Sunday, May 1, and 6 a.m. the following day, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The woman reported that when she returned home she discovered that the rear door was open and that a purse containing a credit card and $400 in cash was missing, according to police.
TWO WOMEN reported that their home in the 5100 block of North Kenneth Avenue was burglarized between 11:30 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. Monday, May 2, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The women reported that when they returned home they discovered that the front door was unlocked and that two shirts and a safe containing documents, three watches valued at $3,000, a bracelet valued at $600 and $6,000 in cash were missing, according to police.
LINCOLNWOOD
A MAN REPORTED that his car was burglarized between 4:30 p.m. Thursday, April 28, and 5:30 a.m. the following day while it was parked in the 3800 block of West Greenleaf Avenue, according to Lincolnwood police.
The man reported that he discovered that his wife's work identification was missing from the car, according to police.
A MAN WAS arrested after he allegedly shoplifted items from the Carson Pirie Scott store in the Lincolnwood Town Center, 3333 W. Touhy Ave., at about 6:15 p.m. Saturday, April 30, according to Lincolnwood police.
An employee reported that he saw the man conceal a pair of shorts under a jacket and leave the store without paying for the item, according to police. The employee reported that the man admitted to taking more items that he had in his car, and officers found $161 worth of clothing in the car, police said.
The suspect was identified by police as Tony Herrera, age 32, of the 7400 block of North Keeler Avenue, Skokie.
A WOMAN was arrested after he allegedly shoplifted items from the Kohl's store in the Lincolnwood Town Center, 3333 W. Touhy Ave., at about 4:50 p.m. Sunday, May 1, according to Lincolnwood police.
An employee reported that he saw the woman conceal $600 worth of cosmetics and clothing in her purse and leave the store without paying for the items, according to police.
The suspect was identified by police as Rebecca Paniagua, age 28, of the 1800 block of North Harding Avenue.
A MAN WAS charged with driving under the influence of alcohol following his arrest at about 2 a.m. Tuesday, April 26, in the 6600 block of West Crawford Avenue, according to Lincolnwood police.
Officers discovered a vehicle that had crashed into a pole, and the driver was arrested after he failed sobriety tests, according to police.
The suspect was identified by police as Kenny Rodriguez, age 21, of the 8700 block of North Springfield Avenue, Skokie.
Story highlights Canadian Mint employee accused of an...inside job.
He no longer works for the Mint
(CNN) An employee at the Royal Canadian Mint is accused of smuggling $180K worth of gold in his rectum. There is absolutely nothing funny about that. Stop it. Stop making jokes in your head.
Lester Lawrence is accused of transporting several cookie-sized gold pieces (important to note, if you are wondering about the physical logistics) called "pucks" out of the Mint and selling them to a gold buyer. His dealings allegedly netted him almost $180K over the course of a few months. That and, you know, the fact he worked at the MINT raised a few red flags at the bank where he deposited the money.
Although the prosecution couldn't definitively identify the pucks Lawrence sold, they did say they matched an exclusive mold the Mint uses.
While trying to put two and two together, prosecutors had to solve the slippery little problem of how Lawrence could have gotten the gold out of the high-security building where he worked.
Putting it to the test
Read More
Holocaust survivor and Nobel Laureate, Elie Wiesel, gave this impassioned speech in the East Room of the White House on April 12, 1999, as part of the Millennium Lecture series, hosted by President Bill Clinton and First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton. In the summer of 1944, as a teenager in Hungary, Elie Wiesel, along with his father, mother and sisters, were deported by the Nazis to Auschwitz extermination camp in occupied Poland. Upon arrival there, Wiesel and his father were selected by SS Dr. Josef Mengele for slave labor and wound up at the nearby Buna rubber factory. Daily life included starvation rations of soup and bread, brutal discipline, and a constant struggle against overwhelming despair. At one point, young Wiesel received 25 lashes of the whip for a minor infraction. In January 1945, as the Russian Army drew near, Wiesel and his father were hurriedly evacuated from Auschwitz by a forced march to Gleiwitz and then via an open train car to Buchenwald in Germany, where his father, mother, and a younger sister eventually died. Wiesel was liberated by American troops in April 1945. After the war, he moved to Paris and became a journalist then later settled in New York. Since 1976, he has been Andrew Mellon Professor in the Humanities at Boston University. He has received numerous awards and honors including the 1986 Nobel Peace Prize and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. He was also the Founding Chair of the United States Holocaust Memorial. Wiesel has written over 40 books including Night, a harrowing chronicle of his Holocaust experience, first published in 1960. At the White House lecture, Wiesel was introduced by Hillary Clinton who stated, "It was more than a year ago that I asked Elie if he would be willing to participate in these Millennium Lectures...I never could have imagined that when the time finally came for him to stand in this spot and to reflect on the past century and the future to come, that we would be seeing children in Kosovo crowded into trains, separated from families, separated from their homes, robbed of their childhoods, their memories, their humanity." Listen to the entire speech
(includes the question and answer session that followed his speech) The History Place - Great Speeches Collection [ The History Place Main Page | American Revolution | Abraham Lincoln | American Civil War | Child Labor in America 1908-1912 | U.S. in World War II in the Pacific | John F. Kennedy Photo History | Vietnam War | First World War | The Rise of Adolf Hitler | Triumph of Hitler | Defeat of Hitler | Hitler Youth | World War II in Europe | Holocaust Timeline | 20th Century Genocide | Irish Potato Famine | This Month in History | Books on Hitler's Germany | History Videos | Hollywood's Best History Movies ] Terms of use: Private home/school non-commercial, non-Internet re-usage only is allowed of any text, graphics, photos, audio clips, other electronic files or materials from The History Place.
An improved Spotlight Search is a central feature of Apple's new Yosemite operating system for the Mac. As reported when Yosemite was announced in June, Spotlight searches your desktop but also provides web search suggestions from Bing. There are a number of structured data sources such as Wikipedia, Maps and Fandango that also show up in results.
Bing's role in Spotlight wasn't immediately clear at the time of the original announcement but was later confirmed. Google remains the default search engine in Safari even though Bing has become the default search provider for Spotlight Search. Bing didn't “replace” Google in Spotlight Search since there was no web search component to Spotlight pre-Yosemite.
This parallels and follows Apple's adoption of Bing for Siri web search support in iOS 8.
Whether you initiate a Spotlight Search from the upper right or by using a keyboard shortcut the Spotlight Search module now appears in the center of the screen. The query generates a “federated” list of results from your PC, structured sources and the web:
Spotlight pulls information from new sources like Wikipedia, news sites, Maps, iTunes, movie listings, and more. It's smart about which information it returns, so you'll find just what you're looking for, faster than ever. Spotlight has been redesigned to appear front and center when you open it. And results appear in rich, interactive previews that let you view a document, send an email, and even make a phone call just by clicking.
One interesting thing that has emerged is the fact that Apple will be capturing web search query data and location and sharing some of it with Microsoft, according to documentation associated with Yosemite:
When you have Spotlight Suggestions enabled in Safari, your search queries, the Spotlight Suggestions you select, and related usage data will be sent to Apple. If you have Location Services on your Mac turned on, when you make a search query to Safari with Spotlight Suggestions enabled the approximate location of your Mac at that time will be sent to Apple. Location, search queries, and usage information sent to Apple will be used by Apple only to make Spotlight Suggestions more relevant and to improve other Apple products and services. By using Spotlight Suggestions in Safari, you agree and consent to Apple's and its subsidiaries' and agents' transmission, collection, maintenance, processing, and use of this information to make Spotlight Suggestions more relevant and to test and improve other Apple products and services.
(Emphasis in original)
You can turn off data sharing and location by unchecking the Spotlight suggestions and Bing boxes in Spotlight privacy settings. (Apple will still use reverse IP targeting to localize results.) The catch is that if you uncheck those boxes you won't get any web search in your Spotlight results:
If you do not want your Spotlight search queries and Spotlight Suggestions usage data sent to Apple, you can turn off Spotlight Suggestions. Simply deselect the checkboxes for both Spotlight Suggestions and Bing Web Searches in the Search Results tab in the Spotlight preference pane found within System Preferences on your Mac. If you turn off Spotlight Suggestions and Bing Web Searches, Spotlight will search the contents of only your Mac.
There's going to be a tendency in articles to position Spotlight as a web search alternative to Google and talk about how Spotlight threatens Google. It doesn't.
Right now Spotlight is a more useful tool vs. its pre-Yosemite version. However if Apple is really serious about bringing web search utility to Spotlight it needs to go much much further than this.
Postscript: Apple released a statement in response to stories about Spotlight Search keeping query data and location information. Here's what the company said according to iMore:
We are absolutely committed to protecting our users' privacy and have built privacy right into our products. For Spotlight Suggestions we minimize the amount of information sent to Apple. Apple doesn't retain IP addresses from users' devices. Spotlight blurs the location on the device so it never sends an exact location to Apple. Spotlight doesn't use a persistent identifier, so a user's search history can't be created by Apple or anyone else. Apple devices only use a temporary anonymous session ID for a 15-minute period before the ID is discarded. We also worked closely with Microsoft to protect our users' privacy. Apple forwards only commonly searched terms and only city-level location information to Bing. Microsoft does not store search queries or receive users' IP addresses.
OTTAWA — An NDP candidate who once compared Quebec to a colonized African country has resigned, the party says.
In a statement emailed to The Huffington Post Canada over the weekend, spokesman Marc-André Viau confirmed Béatrice Zako, the Montreal NDP candidate selected Thursday to go head-to-head against Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau in the Papineau riding, has since stepped aside.
The statement, written in French and attributed to Zako, says she did not inform the party of some of the positions and sentiments she had expressed during her “ephemeral passage” in another party.
Zako used to be a member of the provincial separatist party Option nationale. She told the Canadian Press her flirtation with the party lasted a mere three months.
In a 2013 document prepared for party members and reviewed recently by The Huffington Post Canada, Zako spoke passionately about her desire to see Quebec achieve its independence.
“Why Quebec's independence?” she asked. “As a child, I studied the history of my ancestors' continent, Africa. Unfortunately, many of our colonized countries are not yet completely independent. This is a continual struggle that resembles the one of the Quebec people, for liberty,” she wrote.
It wasn't clear which countries Zako was referring to. Africa was largely decolonized in the three decades following the Second World War, with Namibia and Eritrea granted independence in the 1990s from South Africa and Ethiopia respectively.
She called Quebec's independence a “very noble” cause, and said that devoting her time to it would be her greatest contribution to Quebec's future.
Zako is originally from the Ivory Coast, but had been living in Quebec for more than 22 years when she wrote about her feelings on Quebec for Option nationale's members.
In her resignation statement, Zako says she recognizes that some of her past sentiments are “incompatible with the vision of the NDP.”
“I sincerely regret this error and these remarks which do not reflect my [current] thinking,” she said. “I am resigning because I don't want to be a source of distraction for a party that I continue to support,” she added.
When HuffPost Canada called the NDP on Friday for comment on HuffPost's discovery of Zako's comparison of Quebec to a colonized African country, Viau said the news organization had provided the party with new information. He forwarded Zako's resignation thereafter and, on Sunday, said the party accepted her resignation.
Zako did not answer calls from HuffPost Canada and could not be reached independently.
Below is her full statement in French:
"Au cours du processus de validation de ma candidature, certaines informations et notamment des propos tenus par le passé, lors de mon passage éphémère dans un autre parti, n'ont pas été mises à la disposition des organisateurs du NPD. Je reconnais que certains de ces propos sont incompatibles avec la vision du NPD. Je regrette sincèrement cette erreur et la tenue de ces propos qui ne reflètent pas ma pensée. Par la présente, je remets donc ma démission en tant que candidate dans la circonscription de Papineau. Je démissionne car je ne souhaite pas être une source distraction pour un parti que je continue à appuyer, car il favorise l'intégration des immigrants et met de l'avant des politiques qui permettent à tous et à toutes de s'intégrer dans la société canadienne."
My latest Urbex hike was a beautiful surprise as it was only one mile west of Bel Air Church! Understanding Los Angeles traffic, it was quite the simple journey, especially after a long work day. On top of the San Vicente Mountain, I discovered there was an abandoned missile control site. The LA-96 held radar and computer systems in the 1950s and 1960s to detect hostile aircraft and to guide missiles away from the Los Angeles area.
I wasn't familiar with parking, so I parked on the shoulder of Mulholland Dr. A quick trek on a gravel roadway led me to the small parking lot, but research directed me to stay away due to the yellow gates closing before sunset. Even though it was later during the day, I still felt the blistering sun upon me as I hiked upwards towards the site. One of the first landmarks on your way to the top is the Encino Reservoir. San Vicente provided many views and the Encino Reservoir catered to the Valley looking north.
This is the view from the entryway of the LA-96 corridor. Once private property, the area is now open to the public for hiking and mountain biking. In the past, soldiers were on 15-minute alert in case of attacks. From this control center, if aircraft was detected, the computers would send out missiles from LA-96L, a companion site to LA-96, which was located in the Sepulveda Basin.
There were at least 30 missiles housed in this basin and they would have been launched to intercept and destroy enemy aircraft before it would drop bombs on Los Angeles. For security reasons, soldiers knew their assignments, but didn't know how the system worked.
This is the original radar tower and it provided me with a view of the Santa Monica Mountains, the Encino Reservoir, the San Fernando Valley, and the LA Basin.
Orson Welles
on
THE TRIAL
Interviewed on the BBC in 1962
By Huw Wheldon
HUW WHELDON: Your film, THE TRIAL, is based upon Franz Kafka's stunning novel.
ORSON WELLES: Yes, I suppose you could say that, although you wouldn't necessarily be correct. I've generally tried to be faithful to Kafka's novel in my film but there are a couple of major points in my film that don't correspond when reading the novel. First of all the character of Joseph K. in the film doesn't really deteriorate, certainly doesn't surrender at the end.
WHELDON: He certainly does in the book, he's murdered in the book.
WELLES: Yes, he is murdered in the end. He's murdered in our film, but because I fear that K may be taken to be a sort of everyman by the audience, I have been bold enough to change the end to the extent that he doesn't surrender. He is murdered as anyone is murdered when they're executed, but where in the book he screams, "like a dog, like a dog you're killing me!," in my version he laughs in their faces because they're unable to kill him.
WHELDON: That's a big change.
WELLES: Not so big, because in fact, in Kafka they are unable to kill K. When the two out of work tenors are sent away to a field to murder K, they can't really do it. They keep passing the knife back and forth to one another. K refuses to collaborate in his own death in the novel, it's left like that and he dies with a sort of whimper. Now in the film, I've simply replaced that whimper with a bang.
WHELDON: Did you ever think about ending the film with the two executioners stabbing K with the knife?
WELLES: No. To me that ending is a ballet written by a Jewish intellectual before the advent of Hitler. Kafka wouldn't have put that in after the death of six million Jews. It all seems very much pre-Auschwitz to me. I don't mean that my ending was a particularly good one, but it was the only possible solution. I had to step up the pace, if only for a few moments.
WHELDON: Do you have any compunction about changing a masterpiece?
WELLES: Not at all, because film is quite a different medium. Film should not be a fully illustrated, all talking, all moving version of a printed work, but should be itself, a thing of itself. In that way it uses a novel in the same way that a playwright might use a novel-- as a jumping off point from which he will create a completely new work. So no, I have no compunction about changing a book. If you take a serious view of filmmaking, you have to consider that films are not an illustration or an interpretation of a work, but quite as worthwhile as the original.
WHELDON: So it's not a film of the book, it's a film based on the book?
WELLES: Not even based on. It's a film inspired by the book, in which my collaborator and partner is Kafka. That may sound like a pompous thing to say, but I'm afraid that it does remain a Welles film and although I have tried to be faithful to what I take to be the spirit of Kafka, the novel was written in the early twenties, and this is now 1962, and we've made the film in 1962, and I've tried to make it my film because I think that it will have more validity if it's mine.
WHELDON: There have been many different readings of THE TRIAL. Many people say that it's an allegory of the individual against authority, others say that it's symbolic of man fighting against implacable evil, and so on. Have you gone along with any such interpretations in your film?
WELLES: I think that a film ought to be, or a good film ought to be as capable of as many interpretations as a good book, and I think that it is for the creative artist to hold his tongue on that sort of question, so you'll forgive me if I refuse to reply to you. I'd rather that you go and see the film, which should speak for itself and must speak for itself. I'd prefer that you make your own interpretation of what you think!
WHELDON: I wasn't surprised when I heard that you were making THE TRIAL, because it seems that the process of investing ordinary events, with intonations and overtones, is very much part of your armory as a filmmaker. Do you think that Welles and Kafka go well together in this respect?
WELLES: It's funny that you should say that because I was surprised when I heard that I was making THE TRIAL. In fact, what surprised me was that it was done at all. It's a very expensive film, it's a big film. Certainly five years ago there is nobody who could have made it, nobody who could have persuaded distributors or backers or anybody else to make it. But the globe has changed recently. There is a new moment in filmmaking and I don't mean by that, that we're better filmmakers, but that the distribution system has broken down a little and the public is more open, more ready for difficult subjects. So what's remarkable is that THE TRIAL is being made by anybody! It's such an avant-garde sort of thing.
WHELDON: Is it significant that films such as THE TRIAL can now be produced on large budgets, for commercial cinema audiences?
WELLES: Oh it's wonderful, and it's very hopeful. I mean there are all sorts of difficult subjects being made into mainstream pictures nowadays and they are doing well. People are going to see them. HIROSHIMA MON AMOUR and LAST YEAR AT MARIENBAD. I mean, I don't like them, but I'm so glad that they were made. It doesn't matter that I don't like them. Resnais would probably hate THE TRIAL, but what matters is that a difficult and on the face of it, an experimental, film got made, and is being shown and is competing commercially! In other words what is dying is the purely commercial film, at least that is the great hope!
WHELDON: What would THE TRIAL have been like if it had been made, say, five years ago?
WELLES: I don't think it would have been made five years ago, but if it had, it would only have gone to the art theaters and would have been made as a slender, difficult, experimental sort of film-- Instead of being made as this is with Anthony Perkins, Jeanne Moreau, Romy Schneider-- you know, a big star cast, big picture! Imagine what that means, what it means to me to have had the chance to make it, indeed to have had the chance to work. This is the first job that I've gotten as a director in four years!
WHELDON: The fact is, you're in love with the movies, aren't you?
WELLES: That's my trouble! You see, if I'd only stayed in the theater, I could have worked steadily, without stopping for all these years. But, having made one film, I decided that it was the best and most beautiful form that I knew and one that I wanted to continue with. I was in love with it as you say, really tremendously so.
WHELDON: There exists a scene of a computer scientist, played by Katina Paxinou, that is no longer in the film. She tells K his most likely fate is that he will commit suicide.
WELLES: Yes, that was a long scene that lasted ten minutes, which I cut on the eve of the Paris premiere. Joseph K has his fortune told by a computer--that's what the scene amounted to. It was my invention. The computer tells him his fate. I only saw the film as a whole once. We were still in the process of doing the mixing, and then the premiere fell on us. At the last moment I abridged the scene. It should have been the best in the film and it wasn't. Something went wrong, I don't know why, but it didn't succeed. The subject of that scene was free will. It was tinged with black humor; that was my main weapon. As you know, it is always directed against the machine and in favor of freedom.
WHELDON: Why did you shoot so much of the film in Yugoslavia?
WELLES: It seems to me that the story we're dealing with is said to take place "anywhere". But of course there is no "anywhere." When people say that this story can happen anywhere, you must know what part of the globe it really began in. Now Kafka is central European and so to find a middle Europe, some place that had inherited something of the Austro-Hungarian empire to which Kafka reacted, I went to Zagreb. I couldn't go to Czechoslovakia because his books aren't even printed there. His writing is still banished there.
WHELDON: Would you have gone to Czechoslovakia, were you able?
WELLES: Yes, I never stopped thinking that we were in Czechoslovakia. As in all of Kafka, it's supposed to be Czechoslovakia. The last shot was in Zagreb, which has old streets that look very much like Prague. But you see, capturing that flavor of a modern European city, yet with it's roots in the Austro-Hungarian empire wasn't the only reason why we shot in Yugoslavia. The other reason was that we had a big industrial fair to shoot in. We used enormous buildings, much bigger than any film studio. There was one scene in the film where we needed to fit fifteen hundred desks into a single building space and there was no film studio in France or Britain that could hold fifteen hundred desks. The big industrial fair grounds that we found in Zagreb made that possible. So we had both that rather sleazy modern, which is a part of the style of the film, and these curious decayed roots that ran right down into the dark heart of the 19th century.
WHELDON: You shot a lot of the film in Paris, at an abandoned railway station, the Gare d'Orsay.
WELLES: Yes, there's a very strange story about that. We shot for two weeks in Paris with the plan of going immediately to Yugoslavia where our sets would be ready. On Saturday evening at 6 o'clock, the news came that the sets not only weren't ready, but the construction on them hadn't even begun. Now, there were no sets, nor were there any studios available to build sets in Paris. It was Saturday and on Monday we we're to be shooting in Zagreb! We had to cancel everything, and apparently to close down the picture. I was living at the Hotel Meurice on the Tuilleries, pacing up and down in my bedroom, looking out of the window. Now I'm not such a fool as to not take the moon very seriously, and I saw the moon from my window, very large, what we call in America a harvest moon. Then, miraculously there were two of them. Two moons, like a sign from heaven! On each of the moons there were numbers and I realized that they were the clock faces of the Gare d'Orsay. I remembered that the Gare d'Orsay was empty, so at 5 in the morning I went downstairs, got in a cab, crossed the city and entered this empty railway station where I discovered the world of Kafka. The offices of the advocate, the law court offices, the corridors-- a kind of Jules Verne modernism that seems to me quite in the taste of Kafka. There it all was, and by 8 in the morning I was able to announce that we could shoot for seven weeks there. If you look at many of the scenes in the movie that were shot there, you will notice that not only is it a very beautiful location, but it is full of sorrow, the kind of sorrow that only accumulates in a railway station where people wait. I know this sounds terribly mystical, but really a railway station is a haunted place. And the story is all about people waiting, waiting, waiting for their papers to be filled. It is full of the hopelessness of the struggle against bureaucracy. Waiting for a paper to be filled is like waiting for a train, and it's also a place of refugees. People were sent to Nazi prisons from there, Algerians were gathered there, so it's a place of great sorrow. Of course, my film has a lot of sorrow too, so the location infused a lot of realism into the film.
WHELDON: Did using the Gare d'Orsay change your conception of the film?
WELLES: Yes, I had planned a completely different film that was based on the absence of sets. The production, as I had sketched it, comprised sets that gradually disappeared. The number of realistic elements were to become fewer and fewer and the public would become aware of it, to the point where the scene would be reduced to free space as if everything had dissolved. The gigantic nature of the sets I used is, in part, due to the fact that we used this vast abandoned railway station. It was an immense set.
WHELDON: How do you feel about THE TRIAL? Have you pulled it off?
WELLES: You know, this morning when I arrived on the train, I ran into Peter Ustinov and his new film, BILLY BUDD has just opened. I said to him, "how do you feel about your film, do you like it?" He said, "I don't like it, I'm proud of it!" I wish that I had his assurance and his reason for assurance, for I'm sure that is the right spirit in which to reply. I feel an immense gratitude for the opportunity to make it, and I can tell you that during the making of it, not with the cutting, because that's a terrible chore, but with the actual shooting of it, that was the happiest period of my entire life. So say what you like, but THE TRIAL is the best film I have ever made.
WHELDON: How do you react to the question of your audience?
WELLES: Ah, that's an interesting thing. It seems to me that the great gift of the film form, to the director, is that we are not forced to think of the audience. In fact, it is impossible to think of our audience. If I write a play, I must inevitably be thinking in terms of Broadway or the West End. In other words, I must visualize the audience that will come in; its social class, its prejudices and so on. But with a film, we never think of the public at all, we simply make the film the same way you sit down and write a book, and hope that they will like it. I have no idea what the public will make of THE TRIAL. Imagine the freedom of that! I just make THE TRIAL and then we'll see what they think of it. THE TRIAL is made for no public, for every public, not for this year, for as long as the film may happen to be shown. That is the gift of gifts.
WHELDON: Thank you, Orson Welles. I hope that we enjoy watching it, as much as you enjoyed making it.
WELLES: Oh, so do I. Thank you.
The Lighthouse Cafe is my favorite restaurant in Corte Madera. It is the shining star at the top of Tamalpais Drive. This restaurant features a danish menu and also classic diner food like burgers, blts and clubs. I often work in the area so I pop by the Lighthouse Cafe at least once a week!
I really love this place, so much that I was even on the fence about even sharing it. The best thing though is the Tuesday special, $7 cheeseburger and fries! It's printed on the table tent that sits on each table, otherwise you wouldn't know about it unless you read…
Here's the beautiful cheeseburger and fries! The burger is pretty darn big and the fries are crispy crinkle cut.
The french fries are crinkled cut – glorious, crispy, hot and salty. My very favorite kind!
The cheese is cheddar. It comes with a side of mayo.
Here's a shot of the inside. It's a real classic place, lots of locals, really laid back and really good food. All of the people who work there are very nice and friendly. I've never had anything I don't like here, will definitely have to Fryhole some more stuff soon (the cheesesteak, the club, the danish meatball sandwich… omg).
The Lighthouse Cafe
12 Tamalpais Drive
Corte Madera, CA 94925
Writing good error handling code is hard in any language, whether you have exception handling or not. When I'm thinking about what exception handling I need to implement in a given program, I first classify every exception I might catch into one of four buckets which I label fatal, boneheaded, vexing and exogenous.
Fatal exceptions are not your fault, you cannot prevent them, and you cannot sensibly clean up from them. They almost always happen because the process is deeply diseased and is about to be put out of its misery. Out of memory, thread aborted, and so on. There is absolutely no point in catching these because nothing your puny user code can do will fix the problem. Just let your "finally" blocks run and hope for the best. (Or, if you're really worried, fail fast and do not let the finally blocks run; at this point, they might just make things worse. But that's a topic for another day.)
Boneheaded exceptions are your own darn fault, you could have prevented them and therefore they are bugs in your code. You should not catch them; doing so is hiding a bug in your code. Rather, you should write your code so that the exception cannot possibly happen in the first place, and therefore does not need to be caught. That argument is null, that typecast is bad, that index is out of range, you're trying to divide by zero – these are all problems that you could have prevented very easily in the first place, so prevent the mess in the first place rather than trying to clean it up.
Vexing exceptions are the result of unfortunate design decisions. Vexing exceptions are thrown in a completely non-exceptional circumstance, and therefore must be caught and handled all the time.
The classic example of a vexing exception is Int32.Parse, which throws if you give it a string that cannot be parsed as an integer. But the 99% use case for this method is transforming strings input by the user, which could be any old thing, and therefore it is in no way exceptional for the parse to fail. Worse, there is no way for the caller to determine ahead of time whether their argument is bad without implementing the entire method themselves, in which case they wouldn't need to be calling it in the first place.
This unfortunate design decision was so vexing that of course the frameworks team implemented TryParse shortly thereafter which does the right thing.
You have to catch vexing exceptions, but doing so is vexing.
Try to never write a library yourself that throws a vexing exception.
And finally, exogenous exceptions appear to be somewhat like vexing exceptions except that they are not the result of unfortunate design choices. Rather, they are the result of untidy external realities impinging upon your beautiful, crisp program logic. Consider this pseudo-C# code, for example:
try
{
using ( File f = OpenFile(filename, ForReading) )
{
// Blah blah blah
}
}
catch (FileNotFoundException)
{
// Handle filename not found
}
Can you eliminate the try-catch?
if (!FileExists(filename))
// Handle filename not found
else
using ( File f = ...
This isn't the same program. There is now a "race condition". Some other process could have deleted, locked, moved or changed the permissions of the file between the FileExists and the OpenFile.
Can we be more sophisticated? What if we lock the file? That doesn't help. The media might have been removed from the drive, the network might have gone down…
You've got to catch an exogenous exception because it always could happen no matter how hard you try to avoid it; it's an exogenous condition outside of your control.
So, to sum up:
• Don't catch fatal exceptions; nothing you can do about them anyway, and trying to generally makes it worse.
• Fix your code so that it never triggers a boneheaded exception – an "index out of range" exception should never happen in production code.
• Avoid vexing exceptions whenever possible by calling the “Try” versions of those vexing methods that throw in non-exceptional circumstances. If you cannot avoid calling a vexing method, catch its vexing exceptions.
• Always handle exceptions that indicate unexpected exogenous conditions; generally it is not worthwhile or practical to anticipate every possible failure. Just try the operation and be prepared to handle the exception.
Astronomers have spotted a possible signal of dark matter in X-rays streaming from the Andromeda galaxy (pictured) and the Perseus galaxy cluster.
Astronomers may finally have detected a signal of dark matter, the mysterious and elusive stuff thought to make up most of the material universe.
While poring over data collected by the European Space Agency's XMM-Newton spacecraft, a team of researchers spotted an odd spike in X-ray emissions coming from two different celestial objects — the Andromeda galaxy and the Perseus galaxy cluster.
The signal corresponds to no known particle or atom and thus may have been produced by dark matter, researchers said. [Gallery: Dark Matter Throughout the Universe]
Astronomers know more about what dark matter is not than what it actually is. See what scientists know about dark matter in this Space.com infographic (Image: © Karl Tate, Space.com Infographics Artist)
"The signal's distribution within the galaxy corresponds exactly to what we were expecting with dark matter — that is, concentrated and intense in the center of objects and weaker and diffuse on the edges," study co-author Oleg Ruchayskiy, of the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) in Switzerland, said in a statement.
"With the goal of verifying our findings, we then looked at data from our own galaxy, the Milky Way, and made the same observations," added lead author Alexey Boyarsky, of EPFL and Leiden University in the Netherlands.
Dark matter is so named because it neither absorbs nor emits light and therefore cannot be directly observed. But astronomers know dark matter exists because it interacts gravitationally with the "normal" matter we can see and touch.
Researchers have proposed a number of different exotic particles as the constituents of dark matter, including weakly interacting massive particles (WIMPs), axions and sterile neutrinos, hypothetical cousins of "ordinary" neutrinos (confirmed particles that resemble electrons but lack an electrical charge).
The decay of sterile neutrinos is thought to produce X-rays, so the research team suspects these may be the dark matter particles responsible for the mysterious signal coming from Andromeda and the Perseus cluster.
If the results — which will be published next week in the journal Physical Review Letters — hold up, they could usher in a new era in astronomy, study team members said.
"Confirmation of this discovery may lead to construction of new telescopes specially designed for studying the signals from dark matter particles," Boyarsky said. "We will know where to look in order to trace dark structures in space and will be able to reconstruct how the universe has formed."
You can read the paper at the online preprint site arXiv: http://arxiv.org/pdf/1402.4119v1.pdf
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
Not everyone shares that view. I get that, and I'm reminded of it every time I write about immigration. Reader comments on articles about immigration, including the gripping one last week about Guadalupe García de Rayos, the Phoenix woman and mother of two American children who was abruptly deported when she dutifully showed up for her routine check-in at the local ICE office, run to “if she wasn't illegal in the first place, she wouldn't have been deported.”
Right. I'd like to think we're better than that. A month ago, we were.
In what may be an early warning of what's to come, last Friday immigration agents in Seattle took a 23-year-old Mexican into custody despite his paperwork proving that he had been granted work authorization under the deferred-deportation program, which for now remains in effect.
“It doesn't matter, because you weren't born in this country,” one of the immigration enforcement agents told the man, Daniel Ramírez Medina, according to a petition for habeas corpus filed on his behalf in Federal District Court in Seattle. Mr. Ramírez was brought to this country at age 7 and twice qualified for the deferral program, most recently with a renewal last May. On Tuesday, a federal magistrate judge gave the federal government until Thursday to explain the basis for the detention.
This column is usually about the Supreme Court, and this one is, too. Next Tuesday, the justices' first day back from a monthlong recess, the court will hear an important case on whether a Border Patrol officer can be required to pay damages to the family of a Mexican boy he killed with a bullet fired across the dry bed of the Rio Grande, the international border that separated the two by only yards. The facts of the case, Hernández v. Mesa, sound highly unusual, but they aren't; there have been 10 cross-border shootings in recent years in addition to several dozen others along the border.
This case raises important questions about the extraterritorial reach both of the Constitution and the damages remedy that is available to United States citizens whose constitutional rights are violated on American soil by a federal official. Sergio Hernández, the unarmed 15-year-old killed seven years ago by the Border Patrol agent, Jesus Mesa Jr., was not an American citizen, and the bullet reached him in Mexico. He and his friends had been playing in a dry culvert, daring each other to run up the opposite bank and touch the barbed-wire fence on the American side. The F.B.I. report initially claimed that the boys were throwing rocks at the agent, but cellphone videos showed Sergio hiding under a railroad trestle in the last minutes of his life. He was shot when he stuck his head out from his hiding place.
The Justice Department investigated but declined to prosecute Mr. Mesa. Mexico charged the agent with murder, but the United States refused to extradite him. Sergio's parents sued for damages, but lost when the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ruled that even if Sergio had constitutional rights that were violated by the shooting, the existence of any right was sufficiently unclear as to entitle Mr. Mesa to “qualified immunity,” a legal shield extended to official defendants when the relevant law is deemed uncertain. Because the case has never gone to trial, the eventual Supreme Court decision won't resolve the conflicting accounts or establish the motive for the agent's fatal shot. But presumably the law will be clear, one way or another, the next time such an incident occurs.
On the chaotic night last month when Mr. Trump fired the acting attorney general, Sally Yates, for refusing to defend his immigration order, he made another personnel change that got less attention. Without explanation, he replaced the acting director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Daniel Ragsdale, with Thomas Homan, a career employee who had been serving in the agency's top enforcement position. Last April, when Mr. Homan received the government's highest Civil Service award, a profile in The Washington Post began: “Thomas Homan deports people. And he's really good at it.”
Members of Japan's Ground Self Defense Force decontaminate at the city office of Tomioka Machi, 5 1/2 miles from the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power plant in Fukushima prefecture, Japan, on December 8, 2011. The earthquake occurred on March 11, 2011. For the first time, radiation reached North America earlier this year. File photo by Keizo Mori/UPI | License Photo
WOOD HOLE, Mass., Dec. 12 (UPI) -- For the first time since the nuclear disaster in 2011, radiation from Japan's Fukushima plant has reached the West Coast of the United States, according to a New England researcher.
It's a minuscule amount -- less than one-thousandth the standard for drinking water or a dental X-ray. But it's notable considering the amount was detected 5,000 miles from Japan five years after the disaster.
From his lab another 3,000 miles east in Massachusetts, Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution chemical oceanographer Ken Buesseler discovered samples of seawater taken in January and February from Tillamook Bay and Gold Beach in central Oregon contain radiation unique to the power plants. It wasn't until last week that it was reported by a media outlet, the Statesman Journal, which serves the Oregon area where the samples were found.
"Not to downplay it, but the levels we are seeing are quite low," Buesseler told UPI.
He said it wouldn't stop him from eating seafood or swimming in the Pacific Ocean.
Massive amounts of contaminated water were released from the March 2011 meltdown of three power plants after the 9-magnitude earthquake and tsunami in Japan. Radiation was released to the air that fell into the sea.
U.S. federal agencies don't monitor the radiation levels in seawater.
So, Buesseler launched a crowd-funded, citizen-science seawater sampling project.
He tracks radiation across the Pacific Ocean sent to him by West Coast volunteers and scientists aboard research cruises. Then he analyzes samples.
Personally, Buessler has made seven trips to Japan to study radiation levels.
The Oregon samples were the first time cesium-134 -- which is a "fingerprint" to the Japanese plant -- was detected on U.S. shores.
Buesseler's most recent samples off the West Coast also show higher levels of cesium-137, another Fukushima isotope than previously was present in the world's oceans because of nuclear testing in the 1950s and 1960s.
"You can't ever have a radioactive-free ocean," he said. "You have nuclear disasters like this one, testing and naturally occurring radioactivity."
Cesium-134 was also been detected for the first in a Canadian salmon as part of the Fukushima InFORM project, led by University of Victoria chemical oceanographer Jay Cullen. Buesseler's group recently teamed up with InFORM.
Buesseler's team in February 2015 found Cesium-134 in a sample of seawater from a dock on Vancouver Island, B.C., marking the first landfall in North America from the disaster,
"Even if the levels were twice as high, you could still swim in the ocean for six hours every day for a year and receive a dose more than a thousand times less than a single dental X-ray," Buesseler told the Statesman Journal at the time. "While that's not zero, that's a very low risk."
Buesseler is not really interested in the levels, but in seeing how they vary in terms of distance and time from where the radiation was dispersed.
"As a scientist, I want to see how quickly ocean current mixes," he said. "Models are not my specialty."
The ocean patterns could help determine where the radiation is headed if there is another disaster.
Earlier this year, Japan and Russia announced they would team up to study the effects of radiation on the DNA of future generations.
The Japanese government is still dealing with the environmental and economic consequences of the disaster. Koyodo News reported last month the cost of terminating the nuclear power station nearly doubled from the country's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry to about $178.14 billion. Tokyo Electric Power Co. Holdings Inc.'s compensation payments are to increase from $48.1 billion to $71.3 billion. Decontamination costs will double to $44.5 billion, according to the report.
Firefox 3 Beta 5, Gran Paradiso's milestone #13 is here and the list of features and improvement it brings along is pretty long so let's get started.
Oh, for those following Firefox 3 development you may want to jump to the sections marked in green for what's new in Beta 5.
Performance
Firefox 3 gets several performance improvement gains. Among them, profile guided optimizations (PGO) provides an optimized Firefox build based on the way it internally works. So far it is only available for Windows. Linux should follow shortly and Mac OS X could also make it before final release.
A very noticeable gain can be seen in JavaScript: it is about three times faster than Firefox 2 implementation. JavaScript is twice as important for Firefox since it is not only used in a large number of web pages but it's also what makes Firefox UI work.
Memory wise, a much-needed memory cycle collector is now in place to take care of freeing memory no longer used by modules that requested it but failed to release it properly. This and other memory oriented tweaks, seem to have paid off so far: a set of tests I recently ran suggests a noticeable increase in memory management efficiency with more memory freed as tabs and windows are closed and no mysterious memory eat up when Firefox is idle as it has been reported several times in the past for Firefox 2.
Places
A much announced and expected feature is Places, the integrated history and bookmarks manager interface powered by SQLite, a small open source database engine that provides much more robust querying capabilities.
With Places you are able to search your history, tags and bookmarks with a fully fledged search interface. You can select where to search (History, Bookmarks Menu, Bookmarks Toolbar, All Bookmarks or the selected folder), what to search (visited date, web address or title), combine criteria and then save the search as a Smart Bookmark that updates as your personal web grows and changes.
The Library, Places manager, also adds backup and restore UI so it is easier to recover a damaged file or incorrectly deleted bookmark.
Tagging is a new Firefox feature tightly related with Places and some of the changes to the location bar: click on an empty star icon in the location bar to save the current page as a bookmark. Click it again and you can specify a folder to save the bookmark to, create a new one (new in Beta 5) and add tags you can later search on.
The Location Bar
The autocomplete list that appears when you start entering letters in the location bar is no longer restricted to web addresses but also looks into bookmark and history page titles and tags which make it more comprehensive.
Suggestions are shown in two different lines and colors for page titles and addresses, which according to studies on human cognition, makes it easier for us to focus on what we are looking for. So, if the user knows she is entering part of a web address or a page title it will be easier for her to find what she's looking for. Highlighting the match result also helps to direct the user's attention.
It features adaptive learning so after a few repetitions Firefox will learn what letter combinations you use for what site and will provide better suggestions. This should address the case where frecency (a combined frequency and recency index) didn't provide the best results.
You can also perform multiword searches, so for example “firefox downloads” filters address, titles and tags containing both words but not necessarily in that order.
For Beta 5, the colors and font sizes have been reviewed and the number of suggestions reduced to six making the menu less obtrusive.
I believe this feature alone is the best Firefox 3 has to offer, justifies Places large resources investment and will become a landmark in Firefox and web browsers in general development. Once you get used to it, there is no turning back.
Visual Refresh
One of the most visible changes are the theme updates in all platforms. On Windows XP and Vista, a large part of the planned new XP icons has been added to the main toolbar, the Options window, the Download Manager, here and there.
Beta 5 brings a rounded left cap to the location bar that echoes the keyhole, a slightly modified reload icon (again with a solid end, *sigh*) and to many's contempt the home button is back to the navigation bar and out of the Bookmarks toolbar.
The Options window on Windows XP with the new icons.
Mac OS X users get Proto, a new Safari-like theme introduced with Beta 2. Linux users also get a very well integrated theme that uses native icons.
The back and forward buttons have been combined in a single keyhole-shaped widget featuring a single history menu and is now featured in all platforms except Linux.
According to the new guidelines, consistency across platforms is obtained through icons shape while OS integration is provided by texture. In Linux case, it's very hard to set one due to the many available distributions and their particular themes.
There's an invisible splitter between the location and search bars that you can use to set their width when they are placed next to each other.
Developers are aiming to deliver better operating system integration in Firefox 3. This will be most notable for Mac OS X and Linux users who will now get native widgets like text boxes, menus, check boxes, icons, button order and orientation following each OS guidelines.
Mac OS X users get integration with Growl, a popular centralized notification system, while Windows Vista gets native looking menus and blue icons that blend better with overall Vista look.
See more Windows XP, Vista and Linux screenshots in this recent post.
The Page Information dialog has been reviewed to become more organized and informative and allows setting all site specific preference from a single location.
On tabbed browsing, Firefox will not only warn you when closing several tabs and windows at once but will prompt if you want to save the currently open tab set: a good catch and a good way to introduce this helpful feature to new users.
Tabs now scroll smoothly.
You can duplicate and move tabs (including its history and current status). To clone, press Ctrl while dragging a tab, or just drag them across windows to move. A very helpful addition!
Web experience
Firefox can save site specific preferences. For example you could allow just some pages to use AJAX, set a specific spell checker language, images, etc. Firefox 3 will remember the zoom level you have applied for a certain site and will zoom automatically the next time you visit it.
Net protocols (like irc, news, webcal and mailto) and certain documents handling can be passed to web services. For example, Yahoo Mail or Gmail may become your default application for mailto: links. For this, the previous web feeds page has been extended to the Options window for all content and protocols. Firefox 3 recognizes podcasts and video podcast feeds from regular ones so you can specify a different application for each.
Media feeds are displayed with a link to the media file in feed preview mode.
In Beta 5, the whitelist of sites authorized to move or resize windows (below) introduced in Beta 4, has been removed.
Instead the option to allow third party cookies has been restored as it was in Firefox 1.5 and previous.
Search engines
The search engine manager lets you set and change keywords for search engines. With keywords, if you associate the w keyword with Wikipedia (now a default search engine), you could enter w hawaii in the locationbar and search Wikipedia for Hawaii.
Downloads
One of the most requested features: downloads can be paused and resumed across sessions, limited only by the server capabilities. Also, on Windows, downloaded files are automatically passed to the installed anti-virus if present and Windows Vista parental controls are honored.
As seen in previous betas, the Download Manager has received a serious face lift as an easier to track download list that you can search on file name, size and download date.
A status bar notification provides summarized status of current downloads. You can click it to open the Download Manager.
Add-ons
The Add-ons Manager has been integrated with Mozilla Add-ons, Mozilla's official extensions and themes repository, providing recommendations, search, rating and add-ons install without leaving Firefox.
And a new Plugins page (identified with a neat Lego brick icon) allows easy plugin enabling and disabling, making the Add-ons Manager a powerful control panel for Firefox enhancements.
When installing, updating, disabling or enabling back an add-on, an information bar is displayed to remind a restart is needed for changes to apply, and a restart button.
Plus, just installed themes are automatically selected so Firefox uses it after the next restart.
Among other minor tweaks: FTP and gopher listings get a better styled and functional page where the list can be sorted by name, size and date by clicking the appropriate header, and a warning is displayed when accessing advanced preferences (about:config).
Security
In the security front, Firefox will check visited sites with a list of known malware sites -provided by stopbadware.org and served by Google- to prevent spyware, rootkits, viruses, dialers and other kinds of malware from even being offered to you.
A rewritten password manager now unobtrusively prompts to store an entered password in the information bar and after trying a logon so you know if it is the correct one or not and avoid cluttering autocomplete lists.
Identifying authentic sites and avoiding fake ones is now easier with the addition of the site button which provides details about the identity of the current web site. While the largest part of the web has no verified identity, financial institutions and similar usually do and it makes the site button in the location bar to change color and size so you can know with a glimpse.
As great as add-ons are they are also a liability and have proved they can become an attack vector. Firefox 3 requires add-ons updates to happen over an encrypted connection (to block malicious sites purporting the update site) or the add-on developer to sign it with a digital signature so updates can be verified to be from the same source. This will prevent middle-man attacks where bad guys could fake an update site address to serve malicious software.
Invalid or expired web site certificates now get an unfriendly treatment that requires adding the site to a white list. This should encourage web site owners to keep their certificates up to date so they can effectively ensure their visitors a more secure experience.
Under the hood
The list of changes for Gecko is not short either and benefit not only Firefox but all “powered by Mozilla” products including Thunderbird, Flock, SeaMonkey, Joost, Miro, Songbird and more.
Since Alpha 1, Firefox 3 passes the Acid2 test, a popular test of a browser styling standard compatibility. As of Beta 5, Firefox 3 scores 71/100 in the Acid3 test, behind Opera and WebKit (Safari engine) development releases which achieved both 100% last week. While the value of the Acid3 test was questioned recently by Mozilla's Mike Shaver, in practice, Firefox is just too close to release to focus on Acid3 compatibility right now.
Firefox 3 supports color profiles embedded on pictures and images to better replicate the original environment conditions as light and focus, thanks to new color management.
Discontinuous selections of text and images are now possible for better control of what you copy or print from a web page.
A biggie: full page zoom can optionally magnify the complete page or just the text, as in previous versions. This is a much requested feature and a must for Mozilla plans for a Mobile Firefox.
Web developers can mark certain web page components such as images and scripts to be available while offline. In practice you could be able to compose emails or write documents though a web service while disconnected from the Internet.
For JavaScript developers, some interesting tricks: the ability to load local files for local use, native JSON support and most notably, FUEL, a library of Firefox programming interfaces that will ease the development of new extensions and ensure better practices (such as memory management) for common Firefox tasks.
Cross site AJAX (XMLHttpRequest) support has been removed in Beta 5 because the specifications changed in the process and Mozilla prefers to avoid an incompatible implementation.
Support for editable content, so a user can change portions of a web page marked by the author.
A new spell checker: The MySpell spell-checking engine has been replaced with Hunspell which does a better job handling complex languages including Asian, Hungarian, Basque, etc.
Real full screen is now available in beta 5. In the past, the full screen mode left the navigation and tab bars visible at all times. Now they are displayed for just a second before sliding under the top edge.
For Gecko 1.9, Mozilla switched to open source Cairo rendering engine for better rendering performance. The change also enables easy PDF printing capabilities but it is only possible through an extension right now though.
More beautiful animated images are possible with animated PNGs (APNG): a full 16 million color palettes and partial transparency will hopefully sweep GIF images in the future. While APNG was rejected as a standard PNG extension last year, Opera has announced it will support the format in future versions.
Proprietary TalkBack, the tool for reporting crashes to Mozilla included with Firefox and Thunderbird, has been replaced with open source Breakpad (formerly Airbag).
Users can see their submitted crashes entering about:crashes in the location bar.
Final Lap
No more betas. Next release will be a release candidate, which is basically a final version without that label and still for testing purposes. If everything goes OK, it is just renamed as final and goes live.
What is left? From a user perspective I would say almost nothing besides some retouches here and there to the user interface. Behind the scenes, however, work never ends: performance improvements, web standards compliance and edge cases are still being ironed.
A few issues are not in Mozilla's hands: for example there's a problem with Gmail contacts not being displayed because of a Gmail bug. Annoying as hell but out of control. We also have to wait to see if Google and Microsoft make the necessary changes to enable their email services as handlers for mailto: links.
The Extent Firefox 3 contest (now with a music category) should give add-ons Firefox 3 compatibility a boost so they can be ready for users to upgrade to Firefox 3 final, now expected for June.
Bengasi, 25 Oct. (AKI) - The National Transitional Council of Libya would like Nato to extend its mission by 'a month, according to oil and finance minister Ali Tarhouni.
"I ask Nato to stay for at least another month," Tarhouni said during a Tuesday press conference in Bengasi.
Last week, US admiral James Stavridis, commander of NATO's military forces, recommended that the military alliance end its mission in Libya by 31 October. His recommendation was informally approved by Nato ministers.
US secretary of defence Leon Panetta during a trip to Japan on Tuesday raised the possibility that Nato will stay longer.
"I noticed today that there were comments from some of the Libya leadership asking that NATO continue its mission during this interim as they are trying to establish some of their governance," Panetta said.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
After my recent trip I was appalled to discover the number of leading conservative voices opposing monetary easing. Even worse, many seemed to assume the Fed was already engaged in monetary stimulus. Before considering their views, let's examine the thoughts of the greatest conservative monetary economist of all time, Milton Friedman. Here he discusses the zero rate problem in Japan:
Low interest rates are generally a sign that money has been tight, as in Japan; high interest rates, that money has been easy. . . . After the U.S. experience during the Great Depression, and after inflation and rising interest rates in the 1970s and disinflation and falling interest rates in the 1980s, I thought the fallacy of identifying tight money with high interest rates and easy money with low interest rates was dead. Apparently, old fallacies never die.
Friedman was absolutely right, near-zero interest rates are an almost foolproof indicator that money has been too tight. Were he still alive, I can't even imagine what he would think of the views being expressed by his fellow conservatives. Here is Minneapolis Fed president Narayana Kocherlakota:
Monetary stimulus has provided conditions so that manufacturing plants want to hire new workers. But the Fed does not have a means to transform construction workers into manufacturing workers.
Actually money has been tight. And those construction jobs were mostly lost in 2007 and early 2008, when employment was still high. The serious unemployment problem developed in late 2008 and early 2009, and reflected a generalized drop in AD across the entire economy. And manufacturing has also shed lots of jobs.
Update: Regarding 2007-08, I should have specified construction jobs associated with the housing bubble. The subsequent sharp fall in NGDP obviously cost construction jobs in commercial and industrial building. But those were cyclical losses due to tight money, not misallocation problems.
The right seemed to have latched onto the view that since tight money can't be the problem, it must be some mysterious “structural problem.” Obviously there may be some structural problems, indeed I have argued that some government labor market policies are counterproductive. But there is nothing structural that could explain the sudden dramatic jump in unemployment between 2008 and 2009.
Even worse, we already have a perfectly good explanation for that rise in unemployment; in 2009 NGDP fell at the fastest rate since 1938. You'd expect a massive rise in unemployment from this sort of nominal shock, even if there were no structural problems. Now of course there is a respectable argument that the US currently faces both problems. But economists who make that argument (e.g. Tyler Cowen) correctly note that this means we need more monetary stimulus. They simply warn us not to expect miracles. But unless you are an extreme RBC-type who doesn't believe monetary shocks matter at all (and most conservatives are not) then how can one not favor monetary stimulus?
I suppose one argument is that we are “recovering,” and hence that no more stimulus is needed. People seem to have forgotten that deep recessions are generally followed by fast growth. Both NGDP and RGDP growth was very fast in the first 6 quarters of recovery from the 1982 recession. But now we are getting only 4% NGDP growth, not the 11% of the earlier recovery, so how can we expect the 7.7% RGDP growth of the recovery from 1982? Even worse, David Beckworth presents data (from Macroeconomic Advisers) that NGDP peaked in April, and actually declined in May and June. We may see the already anemic 2nd quarter numbers revised downward this week. Goldman Sachs expects less than 2% growth in 2011. And a rise in unemployment. That's no recovery.
If we really were facing structural problems, then on-target NGDP growth would lead to stagflation, as in the 1970s. Conservatives keep insisting that high inflation is just around the corner, and Paul Krugman keeps making them look like fools. This pains me because I like most conservative economists more than I like Krugman.
Friedman and Schwartz noted that in the 1930s the low interest rates and high levels of liquidity (cash and reserves hoarding) lulled people into thinking money was easy. Thus pundits during that era pointed to all sorts of structural problems, which were actually symptoms of the Depression, not causes. So I have been disappointed to read statements like this one from Edmund Phelps:
THE steps being taken by government officials to help the economy are based on a faulty premise. The diagnosis is that the economy is “constrained” by a deficiency of aggregate demand, the total demand for American goods and services. The officials' prescription is to stimulate that demand, for as long as it takes, to facilitate the recovery of an otherwise undamaged economy “” as if the task were to help an uninjured skater get up after a bad fall.
The prescription will fail because the diagnosis is wrong. There are no symptoms of deficient demand, like deflation, and no signs of anything like a huge liquidity shortage that could cause a deficiency. Rather, our economy is damaged by deep structural faults that no stimulus package will address “” our skater has broken some bones and needs real attention.
Or William Poole:
More bond buying from the Federal Reserve won't help the U.S. economy, because purchases can't remedy the main problem plaguing the U.S., which is fiscal and regulatory uncertainty, former St. Louis Federal Reserve President William Poole said. While the Fed buying more debt will bring rates down, it won't inspire spending and lending given uncertainties in the U.S. ranging from tax cuts to health care reforms.
Or Gerald O'Driscoll:
A policy of low interest rates is a textbook response of monetary authorities to the economic weakness brought on by deficient aggregate demand. The policy is justified by pointing to various ways in which money can promote economic activity””including by stimulating investment, discouraging savings, encouraging consumption spending, and allowing individuals to lower their debt burdens by refinancing existing debt. While these effects are theoretically plausible, this textbook policy does not apply to our present situation. First, our lingering crisis and economic weakness was brought on not by a Keynesian failure of effective demand, but by a Hayekian asset boom and bust. Second, the textbook case for low interest rates treats the policy as one of benefits without costs. No such policy exists.
Yes, Hayek did briefly oppose monetary stimulus in the early 1930s. But in the 1970s he admitted that he had been wrong, as the problem was not simply “misallocation” resulting from an asset boom, but also insufficient nominal spending.
Or the Wall Street Journal:
As the Bible says, we know that our redeemer liveth. And on Wall Street and Washington these days, the economic redeemer of choice is the Federal Reserve. When the Fed's Open Market Committee meets again today, markets are expecting a move toward easier money that is supposed to prevent deflation, re-ignite a lackluster recovery, revive the jobs market, and turn water into Chateau Petrus. It's a tempting religion, this faith in the magical powers of Ben Bernanke and monetary policy, but it's also dangerous. It puts far too much hope in a single policy lever, ignores the significant risks of perpetually easy money, and above all lets the political class dodge responsibility for its fiscal and regulatory policies that have become the real barrier to more robust economic growth. . . . As for the current moment, the Fed has maintained its nearly zero interest rate target for 20 months, while expanding its balance sheet by some $2 trillion. By any definition this is historically easy monetary policy, and not without costs of its own.
Not by Milton Friedman's definition. And then it gets worse:
This is the real root of our current economic malaise””the conceit of Congress and the White House that more government spending, taxing and rule-making can force-feed economic expansion. Now that this great government experiment is so obviously failing, the politicians and the Wall Street Keynesians who cheered the stimulus are asking the Federal Reserve to save the day. Mr. Bernanke should tell them politely but firmly that his job is to maintain a stable price level, not to turn bad policy into wine.
So that's what it's really all about. I agree that Obama's economic policies are highly counterproductive. But unlike some conservatives I am not willing to unemploy millions of workers to win a policy argument. I guess that's the difference between hard core conservatives and pragmatic classical liberals like Friedman and me. We should do the right thing and then put our trust in the democratic system.
Update: I should clarify that my attack here was not directed at all conservatives–most are well intentioned, but rather the sentiments in the WSJ editorial. On many policy issues I agree with the other conservatives mentioned here.
BTW, when I researched the Great Depression, I was shocked at how the conservative Wall Street establishment hated dollar devaluation, despite the fact that the stock market obviously loved it. I noted (to myself) that “at least the modern WSJ is much better; they often use the market reaction to policy announcements as a way of establishing their likely effects.” I guess the WSJ has reverted back to the primitive pattern of the 1930s. “Yes, the markets are screaming for easier money, probably because it will boost the economy. But we can't have that because it might make Obamanomics look successful.” Plus ca change . . .
HT: Marcus Nunes, JimP, 123, Ryan Avent.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Tags: F.A. Hayek, Milton Friedman
This entry was posted on August 24th, 2010 and is filed under Crisis of 2008, Inflation, Monetary Policy. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site.
LOS ANGELES, January 31, 2014 — Mad Caddies are a ska-reggae-punk band on Fat Wreck Chords. They formed in 1995 and have released three full-length albums. They recently finished recording their fourth album, which is due out this spring. Mad Caddies singer Chuck Robertson took some time to speak with Wells On Music regarding the recording of the new album, the upcoming tour, as well as recording for the Tony Sly Tribute record.
Scroll below video to read the interview.
[youtube]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RD_D68r4ebE[/youtube]
Kevin J. Wells: It's been seven years since the world has heard new Mad Caddies music. Did Mad Caddie ever officially break up?
Chuck Robertson: No, we didn't. After Keep It Going in '07, we kinda toured on it through the better part of '08, but then in '09, we just decided we wanted to just take a hiatus. There was never an official breakup. We actually continued to play 20 to 30 shows a year throughout the next couple years. We started this in high school when we were kids. We started touring in '96 and never stopped. We just needed some time to work on other projects. Some guys did side projects. Some people went back to school. We came together last year said it's been way too long. Let's get a new record out and we've been writing and recording ever since. I just heard the final mixed version last night. So, it's done.
KW: What can you compare this new record to, sound wise?
CR: I think this one kind of starts where Keep It Going left off. It's definitely an eclectic mix of Dixieland jazz and rock and reggae and ska. It's a little more aggressive than the last one, but there's definitely some mellow stuff on there too. It's undeniably Mad Caddies.
KW: Did you do anything different as far as the recording process goes on this record than you have with past records?
CR: Yeah, our drummer [Todd Rosenberg] has his own studio here in Santa Inez valley, it's actually where the band recorded their first demo on his parents' old farm out in the old feed barn. Se we got to essentially have a working studio space for next to nothing for the last year. So, cost wasn't inhibitive or anything. We actually started demoing 14 months ago and we cycled through 50 or 60 ideas to get to the 15 songs we were really happy with. Then we began recording it. So, in that way, it was different. It wasn't like we had a group of songs and then we practiced them and said okay, let's go to the studio and take three weeks to record it. We were able to take our time and it's interesting to find songs you're really stoked on in the beginning and then three months later, it just doesn't do it for me, let's move on, you know? I think that was really neat for us to finally be able to really dig our feet in and produce something we're really proud of and not feel rushed or anything.
KW: Did you self-produce it as a band or did you bring someone in to produce?
CR: We did self-produce it. It will be, “Produced by Todd Rosenberg and Mad Caddies.” He's a recording engineer and does commercial jingle music. So, he's got the skills. We all had our vision, but Todd was definitely driving the command center.
KW: Has Todd done any jingles people might recognize?
CR: A lot of Japanese commercials for a fancy new massage or tires and stuff, nothing anybody would know.
KW: When can fans expect to pick up the new record?
CR: I don't have the exact date, but it's gonna be middle towards the end of April on Fat Wreck Chords.
KW: Your tour starts in L.A. on February 4. How long will this tour run?
CR: We're gonna be touring in support of the record for the better part of two years. Originally, the album was slated for a February 4 release date. The L.A. show was supposed to be on the release date, but circumstances beyond our control pushed the album back a couple months. It was like, “We already have the tour booked. Let's not pull out. Let's just go out and do it anyway.” We'll be playing a lot of the stuff off the new album at the shows. We've got the February run on the west coast and then in March, we head out to the southeast, Colorado and Texas. Then we go to the Midwest and northeast. In the summer we are looking to do some festivals here in the U.S.
KW: Will there be any Mad Caddies Punk Rock Bowling club shows?
CR: We're not on that show, no. That would be awesome though.
KW: Are there plans to make more records with Ellwood?
CR: There are. I actually have another batch of songs readies to go. I've just been so busy doing the Caddies thing. Now that we finished recording process, the Caddies schedule is just going to be performing live. I aim to get back in the studio sometime this spring and crank out another Ellwood record. It's just kind of a labor of love. It's nothing serious. It's just another thing that's a lot fun.
KW: Mad Caddies covered AM for the Tony Sly Tribute. What made you pick that song?
CR: You know, we didn't. Fat Mike suggested it. We were on board for the project, of course. Tony was a great friend of ours and is sadly missed. For certain bands [Fat Mike] had ideas about which song would be good. So he suggested that one and we said, “Yeah, cool.” He wanted to hear it in real mellow reggae version, so we went ahead with it. It turned out pretty good. That whole record is really neat. It's really neat to hear everybody else's takes on his music, which is outstanding.
KW: Was it hard recording the song under those circumstances? Was it cathartic for you at all?
CR: It was strange. It was really strange. I would definitely say it was emotional, you know? It seems like in the last five or six years we've lost so many people, not only in music, but with personal friends of mine. I would definitely say it was emotional.
Kevin J. Wells is the Sports Editor for Communities Digital News and also writes about Major League Baseball, punk rock music., and food. Follow him on Twitter @WellsOnBaseball
It's a good thing Russ Jackson makes more frequent visits to Ottawa, now that the CFL game is thriving here again.
The presence of one of the game's all-time great quarterbacks with the Ottawa Rough Riders of the 1960s, gives us a chance to know a living, breathing, Canadian-born starting quarterback. Otherwise? They scarcely exist in the pro Canadian game.
How long has it been since a Canadian was behind centre on a regular basis? Let's just say if it was much longer, we would need fossil records and hieroglyphics to prove they existed.
OK, slight exaggeration. The point is, not since the early to mid-1980s has a Canadian pivot been a CFL regular. Think Gerry Datillio of the Montreal Alouettes and Calgary Stampeders. And Greg Vavra, with Calgary, B.C. and Edmonton.
Barring a sudden development, the fall of 2016 will mark 20 years since a Canadian quarterback started a CFL game. That would be Toronto native Giulio Caravatta, who made one lonely start for the B.C. Lions against the Argos on Oct. 27, 1996. Danny Brannagan, who led Queen's to a Vanier Cup title in 2009, took a few snaps and completed a couple of passes for the Argos in 2010.
Other Canadian QBs are getting drafted, getting camp looks – and then, business as usual. Americans get the reps and second chances.
It was said of Tris Speaker, and later Willie Mays, that their gloves were where “triples go to die.” The CFL is where Hec Crighton Award winners go to die, in the career sense.
Canadian quarterbacks routinely win the Hec Crighton, including the past eight straight, as the outstanding players in CIS football. In 2010, University of Ottawa Gee-Gees quarterback Brad Sinopoli won the award after passing for 2,756 yards and 22 touchdowns, among the other Gee-Gees records he demolished. Earlier that year, Sinopoli was invited to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats training camp, one of the first CIS quarterbacks to be part of the CFL's Canadian quarterback internship program. Perhaps it was no coincidence Sinopoli went on to a record-breaking season at the U of O.
Sinopoli, 27, from Peterborough, believes the program helps Canadians get accustomed to the speed of the pro game. Derek Wendel of the U of O and Laval's Hugo Richard both spent a week in Ottawa at this year's Redblacks camp.
Yet, there hasn't been a single Canadian quarterback break through since the CFL legislated Canadian quarterback content at training camps five years ago. Sinopoli was converted to a receiver and is now on the Redblacks roster. With the speed of continental shift (or about as fast as a meaningful CFL drug policy), there may be signs of progress.
The Alouettes, renowned for being a franchise of opportunity, selected quarterback Brandon Bridge of Mississauga in the college draft. Bridge, who played at the University of South Alabama, was signed by Montreal general manager Jim Popp, who vow he would get a serious look. “Heck, yeah, he's 100 per cent a quarterback,” Popp told the Canadian Press.
The Winnipeg Blue Bombers signed Jordan Yantz out of the University of Manitoba; Calgary Dinos quarterback Andrew Buckley got the same treatment by the Stampeders. Best wishes to all of the above against the longest odds.
Strangely, everyone in the game talks as though the next Russ Jackson is just around the corner. Good on Henry Burris, the Redblacks quarterback and longtime CFL ambassador for being pro-active.
“I think there needs to be something passed where they put CIS quarterbacks – at least one – on each roster,” Burris said on Friday, before leaving with his team for Quebec City and Saturday's pre-season game against the Alouettes.
“Just to help with true development, let them be a part of a team for a year,” Burris said. “No American quarterback can come up here and have success without getting to know the game.” Dryly, Burris notes how many highly touted U.S. kids have come and gone since he started in the league, even with second and third chances. Canadians at least know our quirky game.
Frank Cosentino, a Canadian quarterback who played in the CFL during the Russ Jackson era and was a highly successful CIS coach at the University of Western Ontario, has long trumpeted the idea of accommodating Canadian QBs.
While Burris talks of a “fourth quarterback” position for a developing CIS pivot, Cosentino thinks we could eliminate the three quarterback roster designations and simply blend a domestic QB prospect among the 21 nationals per roster. Let him learn for a year or two, a true apprenticeship, not the token one-week of camp that many candidates experience. Canadians don't get a proper look among the three quarterback roster spots, and the rules only dictate there must be seven Canadian starters.
“You might get another Russ Jackson,” Cosentino says, by phone from Eganville.
Cosentino reminds us that even Russ needed a break, injuries to American QBs Tom Dimitroff and Hal Ledyard in 1958. Fortunately for Jackson, Rough Riders head coach Frank Clair ran an offence similar to what Jackson had at McMaster University. Russ stepped in and never looked back on his way to a Hall of Fame career.
“We're still in awe of the American athlete being superior to the Canadian one, automatically,” Cosentino says, “rather than just giving the Canadian kid a chance, a good chance, to see what he can do.”
Burris and Cosentino concur that training camp – tons of bodies, a couple of weeks, two exhibition games – is not the place to train quarterbacks. Coaching staffs need to pare rosters, and be ready to win game one of the regular season.
Redblacks head coach Rick Campbell thinks the dawn of a Canadian quarterback is nigh, simply because the talent pool is deeper.
“I think the CIS, in the last 10, 15 years has become better funded, better coached, with more resources, it just keeps getting better each year,” Campbell says. “There are quarterbacks there that – I'm not going to be surprised if that happens.”
Sinopoli has no beefs. He made the Calgary Stampeders as a quarterback, dressed for 18 games in 2011, even if the job involved holding a clipboard.
“I got two training camps (as a QB), I had plenty of opportunities,” Sinopoli says. “The guy that beat me out, Bo Levi Mitchell, was a great player.
“There's only nine teams – it's hard to make it as a quarterback,” Sinopoli says. “I didn't feel any bias, all that other stuff. I wasn't annoyed. I was just happy to get another opportunity to play football.”
Luckily he had the size and hands to convert to a receiver position. Oddly, Campbell had a hand in making it happen, as he was on the staff of the Stamps at the time. Now the two are reunited.
If not Sinopoli, then who?
“I'm sure it will happen,” Sinopoli says. “It has to be the right time.”
The final word to our adopted Canadian, Henry Burris, a native of Spiro, Oklahoma.
“The barrier needs to be broken at some point to give Canadian quarterbacks an opportunity to play,” says Burris. “There's far and away enough talented quarterbacks in this country that they should be given a chance in training camps as well as being on rosters in the regular season.”
wscanlan@ottawacitizen.com
@hockeyscanner
Source: Alexas_Fotos
A dinner table is not usually the place where you are likely to be confronted by a moral dilemma. A friend of mine had spent some time recounting amusing tales of his colleagues at work. We asked him for more and so he recalled a passing comment from a workmate a few weeks beforehand. The quoted party was described as a ‘lovely guy, very devout'. He had just gone to have his six year old daughter circumcised. The table sat back in an almost unanimous moment of shock as the jovial atmosphere subsided. After a few murmurings, we decided to check that female circumcision was illegal in the United Kingdom. It was not surprising to find that female genital mutilation is classed as child abuse. There was an almost palpable sense of relief around the table. It was as if we had done our bit by confirming its illegality. There was an unspoken consensus that agreed something must be done about it. But not by us of course. Someone else was addressing it. Even though we tried to push it out of our minds, we left the dinner table with a burden that we had not wanted.
My friend had not paused to consider whether female genital mutilation was illegal in the UK. Our heads were flooded with questions that we could no longer hold back. Whose duty is it to report a crime? How far do we draw the line away from issues in the distance before we stop considering them our problem? Should we put the person who mentioned a crime in the difficult position of having to act? Should they report it? Should we? How difficult is it to turn in a friend to the police? How will we step in to protect the next victim? We all knew it should be reported and yet none of us wanted to.
This piece is not looking to kick-start a new campaign against female genital mutilation after it suddenly felt a little closer to home, nor is it intended as a full-frontal attack on the practice. Such back patting from people who can read about problems in a newspaper often does nothing for those who are affected. Rather, this is addressed to people who, like myself, knew of it but never thought they'd come across it. These issues are often uncomfortably close. The question becomes about what people in our position should do. I would argue that it is our responsibility to report FGM or other such issues. If by this and other articles a way can be found to bring FGM to an end, then it is worth the time. This is a difficult topic so clarity and honesty are required to try and navigate a path through it without the conversation descending into a senseless argument. It is worth stating at the outset that I find there to be no justification for FGM at all, be it moral, religious, or some other convoluted reason for this procedure on a young girl. Nevertheless, the path towards eradicating it requires a more careful approach than just that of condemnation.
There can be a certain cynicism when claims about FGM rates come your way. I knew that many young girls and women around the world suffer from having had it performed on them but, like many issues, I had never sought out the figures myself. The rates in the UK are alarmingly high. Plan International UK estimates that 1 case of FGM is reported in England every 109 minutes. 170,000 women and girls are living with the consequences of FGM in the UK and a further 65,000 girls aged 13 and under are at risk of FGM. This is not a distant problem. The NHS categorises four types of FGM: clitoridectomy, excision, infibulation, and other harmful procedures such as piercing, cutting, scraping, or burning the area. It is commonly performed by traditional practitioners, who have no medical training using non-medical tools. There are no health benefits from any form of this procedure. This is unanimously agreed on by medical professionals. Therefore, arguments against FGM should not take on a form of cultural superiority and should rather be wholly concerned with the health of the individual. There is nothing in this piece that I hope conveys a sense of condemning the communities that practice it as barbaric as this achieves very little but animosity. The company at the dinner table knew that one young girl's health was at stake and, if we didn't report the practitioner, perhaps more girls would be in danger.
It is often stated that FGM is practised against a girl's will or with her requiring to be restrained but, as with any issue, there is a required nuance in how we try to understand it. There are numerous tales of girls that have undergone the procedure and then spoken out about how the procedure has negatively impacted their lives. Many would not speak out against those that did it to them, however. This is because FGM is a deeply ingrained cultural practice, often performed by respected members of the community or close family members. How many children would want to send their parents to jail? This gives the practice an emotionally constructed shroud of attachment to the community that means a simple and easy statement of condemnation from those outside does nothing to hasten the decline of this practice. Often, rejecting FGM from within the community bears a high social cost for an individual. Therefore, those outside a community must offer support to those inside who have rejected the practice, suffered from it, or themselves are campaigning against it. Knowing that there are many complexities within a community make reporting instances of FGM from outside, especially when a friend may be part of that community, even more difficult.
However, the law is there to protect and cultural barriers should not prevent people from reporting crimes they know of. Those who are known to carry out the procedure should be prevented and face jail. There has to be robust legal deterrence in place as education in itself will not be enough to prevent FGM in the UK. This should be done while also empowering those within the community to speak out against it knowing they won't be ostracised rather than as a brutal clampdown that will alienate much of the community we seek to help. Even if the correct answers are on one side of an argument, the best way is the one that seeks to avoid confrontation.
It is too easy for many of us to ignore FGM. I would suggest that first and foremost reason for this is the fact that FGM has never been a part of the cultural history of the UK. Therefore, until the growth in communities who do practice it came about, it has never had to be confronted. The seeming distance of the issue is a real phenomenon, and it is only exacerbated by the failure of integration between communities that mean that it is even easier to avert our gaze to practices such as these that endanger the health of young girls. It also seems fair to suggest that many avoid the topic as they don't want to seem culturally insensitive. This is an understandable concern but I would suggest a morally unjustifiable one. While we should not alienate communities who engage in practices like FGM, we should not be blind to these practices either. We naturally shy away from these difficult questions but with such an approach no progress can be made. The way forward is one that balances an understanding of different nuances in communities separate from our own and an ethical imperative to ensure that the health of women in the country is not compromised. As I finish writing this piece, my friends and I are in the process of deciding how to report the incident revealed to us at the dinner table. The law should protect and unite, not demonise and divide.
Hugo Morrell-Roberts
25/10/2017
References
https://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/female-genital-mutilation/Pages/Introduction.aspx
https://www.hrw.org/news/2010/06/16/qa-female-genital-mutilation
https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/04/female-genital-mutilation-cutting-anthropologist/389640/
http://www.unfpa.org/resources/female-genital-mutilation-fgm-frequently-asked-questions
http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs241/en/
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/health-news/what-is-fgm-everything-you-need-to-know-about-female-genital-mutilation-9580935.html
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/women-must-undergo-female-genital-mutilation-fgm-egyp-curb-male-sexual-weakness-mp-elhamy-agina-a7227841.html
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/fgm-female-genital-mutilation-mps-national-scandal-home-office-report-a7307481.html
http://www.spiked-online.com/newsite/article/ending-fgm-the-white-womans-burden/14673#.We-AWTuheUk
http://www.abc.net.au/radionational/programs/drive/female-circumcision-debate/4630478
https://www.standard.co.uk/news/uk/when-cameron-spoke-on-fgm-our-time-had-come-we-can-banish-it-by-2030-a3656101.html
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/health-news/female-genital-mutilation-fgm-case-per-hour-uk-nhs-circumcision-a7564571.html
https://plan-uk.org/about/our-work/fgm
https://www.standard.co.uk/lifestyle/london-life/ayaan-hirsi-ali-fgm-was-done-to-me-at-the-age-of-five-ten-years-later-even-20-i-would-not-have-8534299.html
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Jump to Prev Top Next Close
How do you take an 11-year-old series and make it fresh, make it as relevant as it once was?
This is the question 343i has been tackling for the last three years as they've pulled the expansive fiction and reach of the Halo series inward once again in the lead up to the series relaunch in the form of Halo 4. While millions of fans have faithfully jumped on for installment after installment, it would be difficult to argue that Halo hasn't occupied the first person throne for some time. Halo 4 is the opening shot in Microsoft and 343i's mission to take it back. And Franchise Development Director Frank O'Connor's job has become pulling the sprawling threads of a fiction that includes almost a dozen books and six games into something that casual fans can understand and still enjoy.
Not the easiest job in the world. But O'Connor and his team have had a luxury that few other studios do: time.
Polygon visited Kirkland, Washington last week to spend the day with Halo 4 for the first time since its announcement. While we were there, O'Connor sat with us and discussed how the past has directed the future of Halo, and how Halo 4 intends to move it forward.
One of the challenges that Bungie faced in making Halo games and making Halo stories, is that projects sort of sprawled or existed over an extended period of time, or dealt with some pretty major and rapid changes over the course of development. Reach is the exception to this and easily felt like the most coherent Halo game, narratively speaking. Has that been in your mind as you've overseen the creative process for Halo 4?
I think that the universe building that was done before we took over the franchise was so enormous and so rich that it made that process a lot easier. To your point, you think about things like sprawl and [development] momentum ... and it definitely has an effect. But we had a luxury of time where we weren't physically building the game, prototyping technology and new shader techniques and rendering approaches, so we were able to build the story way more in advance than had previously been done on a Halo game.
That doesn't mean it's going to be better or more coherent, but we had a luxury of time and planning to do it. We philosophically approached that story knowing that a lot of people were going to be lapsed players, or had never played a Halo game before. And we needed to, not just in terms of sheer execution of lore or depth or nuance, we had to make this completely comprehensible to new players and people who are new to the universe.
So that's sort of formed the total shape of the story more than any other process, the decision that this has to be approachable to people who hadn't played Halo 3, and you know, the Legendary ending of Halo 3 said ‘we left that here," but for most people, wedidn't leave that here, because most people don't finish on Legendary. Some people went to YouTube or have heard about it, but we don't make assumptions about what people do or don't know. And we take the responsibility that we have to tell them everything in an entertaining fashion as job one. So we have a narrative director Armando Troisi, who came from Mass Effect, and two excellent writers, and a huge bunch of people working on our cinematics to make sure that we're telling a clear, compelling, and comprehensible story. And again, part of that is the luxury of time and hindsight.
The development process of most games turns into a tug of war between narrative design and the realities of a fixed amount of development time. Because cutting a level from a design perspective is not necessarily a difficult thing, but from a narrative perspective, cutting a chunk that isn't working from a technical view is a bigger challenge. Is there a way that you guys have built in a means of dealing with that, to keep the story coherent and moving in the event that you need to jettison parts of the game? I remember when we were working on Reach, we sort of built it with that in mind, and ended up not having to cut all that much stuff. But it ended up more flexible and malleable in terms of which sections could go where. I'd like to say we did that withHalo 4, but the reality is we didn't. So we made sure to make those cuts early, and make them smartly, so that the story as its laid out, with just a couple of exceptions, is the story that we mapped out for it. I think there's another way to address it, which is that there's constant interaction and communication between the narrative design team, and the designers, so that there are no surprises, and so that even the writers know that a crazy vehicle slalom section might get cut if we can't get the technology working, and have the writers think about that in terms of how they're putting the pieces of the story and the pieces of the narrative together. And that allows more flexibility when things do go wrong. And they do. Things have been cut, and features and items get cut because they're not fun, usually. So if you have a crew of good writers on staff, they can adapt quickly with good smart ideas. We did have to do that a couple of times, but we were pretty fortunate that we didn't have to do anything radical with the story. As an attempt to set the Halo story back on track, is there a point where there may have been discussions about cutting a section, and as narrative overlord, you needed to push back and stress that this was necessary for where the story needs to be moved the series forward? Not exactly. I think that the biggest narrative decisions that were essential were character driven, rather than event driven, so that when events change, or a level changes, it's actually quite easy to adapt. That's the nature of the storytelling. The cinematics are going to be filled with meaningful drama, and sometimes really quite meaningful things, but sometimes the narrative is just ‘go press the switch.' That stuff is fairly easy, and you always have ingredients like that which you can move around fairly simply like furniture to accommodate the more important things that are happening narratively, that you can then leave untouched by the process of design change. It's not perfect, but it's been fairly smooth. I think, ironically, it would be more difficult next time we do this, because a lot of the things we had created that were new to the game technologically were new to the game fictionally. So if one part fell out, the whole thing fell out - the story element was gone as well as the object. But the two disciplines need to work seamlessly together to avoid that kind of conflict and that kind of breakup.
Previous Halo games have been fit to deal with some basic narrative structure in the game itself, but have relied heavily on external sources to build the fiction. It seems like Halo 4 is trying to be more self-contained in that respect. But simultaneously, you've spent the last two years doing a tiny bit of tidying up and even a tiny bit of retconning here and there, and drawing threads together with the pieces of fiction that are releasing into the game more than you have in the past. Why is it so important to pull the external fiction back into the main game, especially when the main game is more narratively driven than its been in the past?
I'd like to think of the extended fiction as history that we're pulling from. That we're pulling from "real events," which have additional gravity and weight to them. And the funny thing is, then we're a little more official, so you can put down stakes in the ground and say, ‘we're just going to stick to this." They're good anchor points to hold onto in the fiction. But it also gives you a lot of material to draw from when you do have to make changes, and I think that's what's important about it. It's true to itself, and it feels like when you're coming up with a bad guy, that its being drawn from a place that feels real.
And hopefully it feels real to an audience who isn't familiar with the fiction. 99 percent of people who play Halo 4 will not read the books. That's a fact. So they have to understand who this bad guy is. They have to understand a little bit about that history, and the background, so they can understand what that character is supposed to do or be. So all of that has to stay in the game. We will never build a game's story that relies on understanding an external concept. We can take external concepts and rephrase them in the game, and reposition them, but we need to give people all of the information that they need to understand the game, and it's as simple as that.
Over the last 11 years, the various threads of Halo's external narrative, and even some of the internal narrative, have knotted here and there, if you will. The continuity has become tangled. Obviously you've had to spend two years worth of different authors and other projects to clean that up.
The clean up is really easy. Why is the Pillar of Autumn not in orbit here? Why are these dates slightly different? That's like spackle. We're just attempting to return your dented wall back to its original flat shape, and that's easy. I think that the difficult part with this sort of richer deeper stuff, in terms of making it, is when you're putting it on the screen for people who have been imagining this stuff through a terminal or through the novels, that it's compelling enough to stand up to how they imagined it. But it has to match the scale and the epicness or scariness or however they've imagined the thing. That's way harder than dates.
Most of the books for the last two years have dealt with building backstory for Halo 4, rather than fixing canonical errors or mismatches. We've bought ourselves a little bit of latitude with the terminals in previous Halo games. We knew that the fiction was going to evolve when we were writing the terminals for Halo 3. So there are some caveats built into our fiction, that these records are not complete. We do something a little bit weird this time. We're dealing with why the records are incomplete, so we're hopefully satisfying the most granular, anal Halo fans as well as the general audience.
"HALO IS ABOUT BIG SCI-FI." Is it a goal to use Halo 4 to add another layer of complexity and cohesion to the series fiction in general, including Halo CE through Halo 3? I would never say we're adding complexity. In fact I think we've simplified a lot of things. From a very high level, now you have a unified, singular bad guy. You know, if you look at Halo 2, a fairly complex, baroque story, the bad guy was a complex series of internecine politics. You couldn't just say ‘the Prophet of Truth was the bad guy,' because that's not really correct. So in some ways we focused in on a more traditional and approachable narrative. But we don't want to lose the sense of mystery and scale and deep sci-fi stuff. People have said ‘oh, you're competing with Medal of Honor andCall of Duty, blah blah, why don't you go more in that direction?' Because that's not what Halo is about. Halo is about big sci-fi. That's its differentiator. That's what people love about it. And they don't simply want us to take Halo and make it about marines and Omaha Beach. They want the mystery and scale and the epicness you get out of a sci-fi universe. That also gives us lots of really cool sandbox toys to play with. Lots of other first games in a new trilogy have to make themselves self-contained enough to exist on their own while still hoping to put in hooks for a possible sequel. I think it would be safe to say that Halo is not in that position. That's actually a huge luxury. We have a bunch of things working in our favor. We know our basic gun mechanics are fun. A lot of would-be triple A shooters have died on the vine because people didn't like the gun mechanics. So there are some things that are already solved for us. People love the universe, people love the Master Chief. We've got a lot of things in our favor that allow us to do forward term thinking. Which will hopefully benefit each of the products it applies to in meaningful ways. So it has been a challenge to build a studio from scratch, a herculean challenge, in fact. But we've had this advantage that people building a new franchise don't. We know that there's a built-in audience for that, and we can work to bring new players into that. We have confidence in the basic mechanics and core tenets of the universe. The reality is, there are probably dozens and dozens of would-be triple-A games that were absolutely perfect, and should have been successes, and who knows why they weren't? They didn't get marketed right, they came out in the wrong month. Things vanish into obscurity, and unlike movies, they don't sit on the shelf and have time to become classics. They rely on a big immediate population. I often think about the graveyard of amazing games that are out there that never got the momentum or nudge they needed to break into the mainstream. We don't have that disadvantage. We have a lot of fortune on our side.
More practically speaking, it's relatively safe to say that there's a basic expectation of minimum financial success for Halo as a product. And also in the unlikely event that Halo 4 were not to perform to expectations, there would still be a Halo 5, because it's such a tentpole for Microsoft. Is it easier to write a story for a game like this knowing that you've got that extra leeway from a business perspective to keep going?
It's not easier. It's in some ways more satisfying, because we know that some of the seeds that we've planted are going to flower and germinate in the future. But even in movie trilogies, you have to make sure that an episode is completely bookended and satisfying on its own. You want people to have a good experience, and not require of them that they wait two years for the sequel to come out. So we need people to be entranced and satisfied with our ending. And you can do that with a cliffhanger or a big explosion. There are a number of devices you can do that with. But that challenge remains the same. Whatever big experience that we make needs to be in some ways self-contained, but take meaningful content direction, and content and story-arc from prior games in the series. But Halo 4 is a good example, because it's almost all new content, but it's absolutely in every way I can think of a direct successor to Halo 3. But it should function well as a standalone piece as well.
Fears of a split in Western strategy towards Ukraine grew on Friday night after Germany directly rebuffed America over its threats to send weapons to Kiev.
As Angela Merkel, the German Chancellor, arrived in Moscow for 11th hour peace talks with Vladimir Putin, her ministers said that allowing US arms to be used against separatist rebels would "pour oil onto the flames".
The warning from Ursula von der Leyen, the German defence minister, followed Washington's announcement on Thursday that it might give Ukrainian government forces sophisticated defensive weapons to halt the rebels' recent rapid advance.
Elements within the Pentagon now believe that the only way to force the rebels to the negotiating table is to even the military balance.
But Mrs von der Leyen claimed that would simply give Mr Putin an excuse to arm the rebels more heavily, or even send in the Russian army openly. "In Ukraine there are already far too many weapons," she said. "The resupply (of weapons) to the separatists is potentially unlimited.
Mrs Merkel, who is travelling with the French president, Francois Hollande, arrived in Moscow after spending Thursday in talks with the Ukrainian government in Kiev.
The two leaders' visit was ahead of a major international security conference in Munich this weekend, which will be dominated by the Ukraine crisis.
Ms Merkel, the only European leaders who have anything approaching a working relationship with Mr Putin, wants to persuade Moscow to stick to the terms of last September's Minsk ceasefire agreement.
Merkel, Hollande and Putin hold talks in Russia
It has been unravelling ever since as the rebels - backed by Russian tanks and heavy weaponry - have seized around 200 square miles of extra territory.
Western diplomats say the new plan is similar to the Minsk document, but offers the separatists a "high degree of autonomy" over a much larger area, reflecting their recent land grabs.
The hope is that the rebels, some of who are content to remain part of a more de-centralised Ukraine, will be tempted into downing their weapons.
But their response will in large part be dictated by the mood in the Kremlin. Though both they and Moscow deny it, the rebels' bargaining power is largely dependent on Russia's willingness to continue supplying extra military muscle.
A separate question is whether international peacekeepers might be deployed to the region. Citing European diplomats, Russia's Kommersant newspaper said on Friday that the Merkel-Hollande proposal included having such a force to police an agreed ceasefire line.
That report, though, contradicts earlier comments from European sources that deploying peacekeepers would create a "frozen conflict" zone. That would amount to a de facto recognition that the war was a genuine civil conflict, rather than a Kremlin-inspired insurgency.
People looks out from a bus as a convoy of buses prepares to leave the Ukrainian town of Debaltseve (AFP/Getty)
On the ground in eastern Ukraine on Friday, the rebels and the Ukrainian authorities agreed to a humanitarian corridor to evacuate civilians from heavy fighting in Debaltseve, a key railway hub between the two main rebel-controlled cities of Donetsk and Luhansk.
Around 1,000 residents trapped for nearly a fortnight in sub-zero temperatures without heating or running water were shuttled out in convoys of buses. Artillery duels continued, however, in the regional capital, Donetsk.
While Washington has stressed it will make no decision on sending weapons to Kiev until the latest Merkel-Hollande overtures have run their course, the chances of any peace plan now succeeding were questioned by Joe Biden, the US vice-president.
"[Putin] continues to call for new peace plans as his troops roll through the Ukrainian countryside," Mr Biden said during a visit to Brussels. "He absolutely ignores every agreement that his country has signed in the past and that he has signed."
Some European diplomats believed the US threats are simply a "bluff", given the Obama administration's professed lack of appetite for US military interventions abroad. Only on Friday, Mr Obama warned of the risk of "over-reaching" in a new document outlining his national security priorities.
A move by Ukraine's central bank to ditch an unofficial peg for the hryvnia has plunged the foreign exchange market into confusion (Reuters)
There is, however, a wide consensus that the government in Kiev is at renewed risk of collapse, given recent further tumbles in the value of Ukrainian hryvnia, which is now the world's worst-performing currency.
One European diplomat said that reports of American plans to provide defensive arms to Ukraine showed a shift in sentiment, but added: "we don't see much evidence that President Obama has much enthusiasm".
Another senior EU diplomat said: "No one seriously wants to start sending arms. It is a bluff."
According to senior sources, the German Chancellor and French President "scrambled onto their plane" because of growing fears about the stability of the administration in Kiev and that the conflict was "on the edge of something palpably worse".
"The sense is that the situation is radically deteriorating, both militarily and economically," said a senior European diplomat.
It also emerged on Friday that Anatoly Antonov, the Russian deputy defence minister, will be among those on a new sanctions list due to be formally endorsed by European Union foreign ministers on Monday.
Mr Antonov would be the most senior of five Russians on the list alongside 14 Ukrainian separatists.
Meanwhile, members of parliament in the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic in eastern Ukraine passed a resolution on Friday saying the territory was the legitimate successor to the Donetsk–Krivoy Rog Republic, a short-lived independent territory founded in 1918 by a close associate of Joseph Stalin.
Denis Pushilin, a rebel representative who has welcomed the Moscow talks, said he was troubled by suggestions the US could arm Ukraine. "I believe that would cause an escalation of the conflict," he said. "It would bring new victims, but no peace."
The Contemporary Evidence for Early Medieval Witchcraft-Beliefs
By Alaric Hall
RMN Newsletter, No.3 (2011)
Introduction: This article has two main aims. One is to bring to a wider audience a small group of early medieval texts pertinent to the history of witchcraft, most of which were rather haphazardly gathered in my PhD thesis, in the hope that they will receive more attention. The other is to make some methodological points about the historiography of European witchcraft and magic relevant to retrospective methods.
Readers of RMN Newsletter will probably at some point have shared the excitement with which I once read Carlo Ginzburg's I Benandanti, more familiar in English as The Night Battles: forty-odd years after its publication, this remains a startling, mind-opening insight into non-elite European culture. It also established – presumably more or less unintentionally – a paradigm which much subsequent work on witchcraft has followed. Ginzburg found a fascinating culture in Friuli, in northern Italy, of select individuals (the benandanti [‘good walkers']) leaving their bodies by night, amongst other things to convene and fight malandanti [‘evil walkers']. This discovery cried out for historicisation – in a sense, for retrospective methods: as well as wanting to use the benandanti as evidence for earlier beliefs, Ginzburg rightly also felt a need to give the benandanti themselves a past, to avoid the twin inquisitorial pitfalls of writing this subaltern group off as a mere aberration, or of eliding it with some handy but ill-fitting intellectual category, as the inquisitors did by integrating the benandanti's stories into elite preconceptions of heresy.
Click here to read this article from RMN Newsletter
Smartphone and Tablet users click here to sign up for
our weekly email
Three people were injured on Saturday after a 12-gauge shotgun went off while being checked at a North Carolina gun show.
Authorities said at a Saturday afternoon press conference that the shotgun was being unzipped from its case at the security entrance to the Dixie Gun and Knife Show in Raleigh, North Carolina, when a round of birdshot pellets discharged, hitting three people.
The gun owner, who allegedly intended to sell the weapon at the show, was interviewed by police on Saturday afternoon, though there was no decision whether he would face charges.
“I want to emphasize that this was an accident,” said Joel Keith, public safety and security chief for the state Department of Agriculture.
One of the victims, a retired Wake County sheriff's deputy, was treated and released. The other two victims — 54-year-old Janet Hoover, who was shot in the hand, and 50-year-old Linwood Hester, who was hit in the right torso — were hospitalized.
The show was shut down after the incident. Before closing, however, one attendee told The Raw Story he saw “ten times” the normal amount of people in attendance. Prices were also reportedly higher than normal: 30-round magazines, which normally sell for $12, were being listed at $30 by some sellers; and an AR-15 “Bushmaster” assault weapon, usually priced around $1,200 at the event, was being sold for $2,600.
Keith said that while the event will reopen on Sunday, no private gun sales will be allowed.
Update: Two more accidental shooting injuries have been reported at gun shows as part of “Gun Appreciation Day” Saturday.
According to WISH-TV, a man shot himself in the hand while loading his semi-automatic pistol outside an event in Indianapolis, Indiana.
And WEWS-TV reported that a vendor at a show in Medina, Ohio shot himself while handling a loaded gun. He was taken to a local hospital. His condition has not been reported.
Additional reporting by David Edwards
[Image by Max Earey via Shutterstock]
The 38-year-old inspired a generation but as he slips back from the frontline fewer people are taking up the game
The physical decline of Tiger Woods, as inevitable as it may have been, is about far more than an individual sportsman's fall from grace.
The impact of Usain Bolt at the Commonwealth Games conjured memories of the Tiger Effect. A global athlete – which is what Woods has been throughout his career – with a pull way beyond his chosen profession. Woods inspired a generation to play golf, is genuinely responsible for the vast riches at the top level, and moved the sport into ground-breaking territory. Single-handedly, that is. Woods influenced his sport more than anybody.
So what happens next? With Woods touch and go to play at this year's US PGA Championship – he has until 10 minutes before teeing-off at Valhalla on Thursday to declare himself fit to compete following a back injury – all the evidence points towards the 38-year-old slipping back from golf's frontline. Woods will still be a money-making machine, through putting his name to course design or whatever, but the competitive circus will have moved on. Arguably, it already has.
He may quip about chasing the Jack Nicklaus major haul of 18 into his fifties but the reality points to something else entirely. When a competitor as ferocious as Woods finally realises he cannot consistently win events against the best players in golf, it will be time for a fresh challenge. This shouldn't be an unreasonable concept; no human being could batter golf balls with such ferocity as Woods from the moment they could walk and be physically infallible into their mid-forties.
For now, Woods is not going to admit that he is no longer up to dominating golf. However, there have been more public hints in recent months than ever before that there is an inner acknowledgment his body's ability matches that of his mind. Players who didn't compete against Tiger in his prime won't be intimidated by him now, as is clearly the case.
Colin Montgomerie, who knows a thing or two about major championship waits, insisted recently that the Woods/Nicklaus debate is already a futile one. “I think Tiger has passed that time frame, I really do,” said Montgomerie as part of his Sky Sports analysis. “He's running out of time because the competition is less fearful, it's better, it's stronger, they want it more and is Tiger getting any better?
“That's the thing, Tiger has to get better from where he was to win 19 majors and I can't see that improvement from where he was in the year 2000 which was damn near perfect. I don't think he is going to get to 19, he might get to 15, he might get to 16.”
If such talk seems overly negative towards a player who won five times in 2013, statistics tell another story. Woods doesn't routinely compete in majors, let alone win even the odd one. A Woods withdrawal from this week's Championship would make it an astonishing 27% non-appearance rate in golf's big four since he last won one. Seven out of 26, to be precise. If he does surprisingly appear at Valhalla, he surely cannot win.
This business causes an issue for the game in general. The general participation trends show those who play golf do it more than ever but fewer people are taking it up. There is a clear correlation between iconic figures such as Woods and youngsters taking up a certain sport. Tournaments feel markedly different when Woods is on the scene, as Martin Kaymer acknowledged on Tuesday.
Rory McIlroy, to his credit, has spoken of his concern at golf's worrying participation scenario. McIlroy is among a small batch of players who have the power to retain golf's prominence and importance. The blue chip crew, if you like. Rickie Fowler is another.
It's not simply success that is important in the context of these players – and Fowler hasn't won nearly enough – but their broader appeal. Golf needs them because of the growing realisation of Woods's impact not lasting for ever. Nothing does, after all.
Rules row leaves players in deep water
So much for the gentlemanly nature of golf. Not so in a corner of Pennsylvania, it seems, after a couple of chaps required the attention of police and an emergency ward owing to a disagreement over a water hazard.
The Associated Press carried this priceless tale, with police no doubt withholding the names of the offenders to spare them further ridicule.
What is the penalty for arrest on the course? Never mind anchoring bans, the R&A should be looking at this for its next revision of the rules of golf.
Bubba Watson won't be reading this
Bubba Watson falls into that unfortunate batch of sportspeople who claim, “The media write bad things about me. But I never read any of it anyway.”
The classic contradiction. As is the supposedly official Bubba Twitter account, which is routinely updated at moments when it couldn't possibly be by the golfer himself.
What has specifically riled Watson is unclear. He started his sniping towards the press at the Open and has continued the theme this week.
“I think the media really loves me because I don't give PC answers,” Watson said. “Sometimes people write different stories and make it and twist it in ways they want to. But again, the way I live my life and the way I want to live my life as a Christian, I don't read, I took the internet off my phone. I don't read what people write about me. I don't read what people say about me.
“My true friends, my family, they know who I am as a person and what my heart is all about.”
Which all sounded like rambling nonsense to me. One wonders what Watson's sponsors think, given his sudden and apparent aversion to utilising the tool most useful to them.
Drilling of the seven-km undersea route of the Mumbai-Ahmedabad rail corridor is underway to ascertain soil condition of India's first bullet train path.
Passengers will get the thrill of riding under the sea, a first in the country, near Thane at a maximum speed of 350 km per hour in the upcoming high speed train project connecting two major metropolises.
"Soil and rocks below the 70-metre-deep see are being tested as part of the geo-technical and geo-physical investigation undertaken for the entire project," said a senior Railway Ministry official, adding "the test will also cover the 21-km-long underground tunnel between Thane and Virar."
Barring the 21-km-long tunnel, most part of the 508-km- long corridor is proposed to be on the elevated track while there will be a stretch after Thane creek towards Virar which will go under the sea as per the detailed project report by JICA, the funding agency of the project.
Railways opted for an elevated corridor to avoid land acquisitions and the need to build underpasses.
The tunnel was necessitated to protect the thick vegetation in that area, said the official.
The geo-investigation is crucial for the project as it would ascertain the bearing capacity of the soil below 70 feet at the sea.
Estimated to cost about Rs.97,636 crore, 81 per cent of the funding for the project will come by way of a loan from Japan. The project cost includes possible cost escalation, interest during construction and import duties.
The survey is likely to be followed by the final location survey to mark the alignment and exact spots for the pillars on which trains will run at higher speed to reduce the travelling time between Mumbai and Ahmedabad drastically.
Currently it takes about seven hours to travel between the two cities and the bullet train aims to reduce it to about two hours.
Construction of the corridor is expected to start in 2018 and is estimated to be completed by 2023.
JICA agreed to fund 81 per cent of the total project cost through a 50-year loan at an interest rate of 0.1 per cent and a moratorium on repayments up to 15 years.
For performing couple Dannie and Sarah, it was an easy choice to find the perfect theatre to tie the knot in.
Over Thanksgiving weekend in 2014, Dannie and Sarah shared a quiet engagement. On a quiet Sunday night, the pair laid in bed, not looking forward to returning to work the next day. As they got comfortable into their pre-sleep snuggle, Sarah asked Dannie what her favourite part of their weekend together was. Dannie can't remember what her answer was, but next asked Sarah what her favourite part was. Her response; “this part right here”, pulling a ring from under her pillow.
A few months later, Dannie also proposed. Another quiet affair, scooping up their recently adopted pooch and asking through the dog; “Hey Mum? Mama has a question for you. Will you marry her?”.
After enjoying the holidays together, they jumped into planning in February. Step one, venue hunting. They had a time frame in mind, one as close to Dannie's mothers birthday as they could swing. The set three different appointments to see venues but, after looking at the first venue, they cancelled the other two. They had found something that was perfect.
Mayne Stage is a small theatre on the north side of Chicago with a restaurant in the front. Both Dannie and Sarah have a background in theatre, so it was a natural fit.
The couple is also amateur photographers so have plenty of opinions and ideas about what they wanted in a photographer and spent a lot of time looking up potential folk to work with. Once again, after meeting Johnny Knight, his experience in both weddings and theatre exceeded all their expectations.
Flowers were another detail the couple focused a lot of energy on. Sarah had scheduled a call with Flowers for Dreams. A local florist which donated a portion of their proceeds to a different charity every month. After seeing a preview of what they could create, Dannie and Sarah fell head over heels in love. An added bonus, the October charity benefited mental health, a cause dear to their hearts.
The rest of the details fell into place rather quickly. They asked their wedding party to be a part of the big day, went dress shopping and began DIY projects like their centre pieces and their guest book.
As wedding day dawned, rather than getting ready at a hotel or in a salon, the couple chose to host a brunch at their apartment and let everyone help each other get ready. They admit that while there was more planning and a bigger clean up ahead, it let everyone come together in a much more relaxed way and guaranteed everybody was fed before things started to get crazy. Dannie was set on having a salon experience so did sneak away from brunch for an hour and headed over to Goldplaited, a finishing salon in Lakeview
At the venue the couple split into separate dressing rooms to complete their wedding day preparation, getting Into their respective dresses.
They each had photographs in the upper and lower lobbies with their families, two dogs and bridal parties before the first look on the staircase. Sarah wore an A-line tulle dress with a chapel train, a sweetheart neckline and custom-made lace illusion necklace. Dannie chose a Vera Wang mermaid style tulle gown with ruched bodice and rosettes in the skirt.
Soon enough, it was time for the ceremony. The stage of the theatre was set up with a staircase coming off the double-wide aisle so the couple could walk down together with their Dads. Their celebrant was a long time friend of Dannie's, and the ceremony included two monologues from ‘Loves Labours Lost' and a children's book titled ‘Love Monster'. Sarah's sibling, Dima, played a piece on the viola.
At the end of the ceremony, Sarah smashed a glass I honour of her Jewish heritage, and the pair emerged into the bar for cocktail hour.
Dannie made an announcement, asking everyone to cheers, and the pair gave their guests a big kiss. Then, Dannie informed guests that it was the last freebie and from now on, kisses would cost money. The pair had chosen to donate this money to their favourite animal shelter, PAWS Chicago. Through the night they made special requests, trading donations for high-five kisses, arm wrestle kisses and even a dance off.
As the night came to a close, Dannie and Sarah called themselves a Lyft (Uber) and went home to their puppies and their own bed.
Exhausted and thrilled, they slept. Married at last.
Photography by Johnny Knight Photography (Chicago)
The retail price index (RPI) - which measures the average month-to-month change of the prices of goods and services - is thought to have slid into negative figures.
The last time the UK experienced deflation was in 1960 when Harold Macmillan was prime minister.
The widely expected downturn follows figures released by the Office for National Statistics in January which showed that RPI increased by just 0.1 per cent compared with the previous year.
Consensus forecasts by leading City economists suggest RPI fell -0.5 per cent in February, forced down by falling mortgage rates and rapidly decreasing house prices.
The latest RPI figures will be released by the ONS at 9.30am.
The Bank of England is worried about the effect deflation could have on indebted families.
It says families with high debts could fall prey to the debt deflation trap. This means that the cost of their debts, which are fixed, would rise compared to average prices throughout the economy.
While inflation erodes debts, deflation makes them relatively higher.
There are also fears that millions of public sector workers - teachers, nurses and council workers - could face pay freezes for the next three years as deflation takes hold.
Public sector pay, which accounts for about a quarter of all public spending, is tied to RPI.
George Buckley, Deutsche Bank's chief UK economist, told The Daily Telegraph that he is forecasting an RPI reading of -0.7 per cent, and believes it could get as low as -4 per cent over the summer months.
Asked if the negative reading will lead to pay freezes, he said: "That's certainly a possibility. You won't see anywhere near the increases in pay that we've been used to. But few are unlikely to see falling pay."
Economists at BNP Paribas warned over the weekend that prices in Britain will continue to fall for another two-and-a-half years.
The French bank's UK economist, Alan Clarke, said that he expected gross domestic product (GDP) to contract by more than four per cent this year, and deflation to linger through to 2012.
About the Project
Before email, faculty meetings, international colloquia, and professional associations, the world of scholarship relied on its own networks: networks of correspondence that stretched across countries and continents; the social networks created by scientific academies; and the physical networks brought about by travel. These networks were the lifelines of learning, from the age of Erasmus to the age of Franklin. They facilitated the dissemination&emdash;and the criticism&emdash;of ideas, the spread of political news, as well as the circulation of people and objects.
But what did these networks actually look like? Were they as extensive as we are led to believe? How did they evolve over time? Mapping the Republic of Letters, in collaboration with international partners, seeks to answer these and other questions through the development of sophisticated, interactive visualization tools. It also aims to create a repository for metadata on early-modern scholarship, and guidelines for future data capture.
The intimate tango between epigenome and evolution has just taken an interesting spin. With 88% of candidate loci from GWAS (genome wide association studies) pointing toward non-coding regions, the potential for acquired epigenetic marks to explain missing heritability, cross generations, and add variety to populations, offers huge potential for understanding natural variation and evolution, which is only beginning to take effect. Talented scientists at UCSD have revealed a peek at the mechanisms behind the function and evolution of enhancers in order to understand “how regulation is achieved at the nucleotide level in different cell types and environmental contexts.”
Dr. Glass and team at UCSD used “natural genetic variation as an in vivo mutagenesis screen to assess the genome-wide effects of sequence variation.”…in order to investigate …“lineage-determining and signal-specific transcription factor binding, epigenomics and transcriptional outcomes.”
Here's what they found:
Interrogating enhancer-like regions in the genome, they found genetic evidence that lineage-determining transcription factors (LDTFs) define epigenetic and transcriptomic states.
LDTFs “are dependent on collaborative binding to variably spaced DNA recognition motifs to select enhancers and enable binding of signal-dependent transcription factors”, with“variable motif distances observed”, suggesting “that collaborative binding does not generally require direct protein–protein interactions between the involved transcription factors”
Interestingly, the group observed that “although all cells express hundreds of transcription factors, a large fraction of functional enhancers (~70% in macrophages) are characterized by collaborative interactions involving relatively small sets of lineage-determining transcription factors.”
Overall, these findings provides a solid “explanation for why transcription factor binding is lost at sites where mutations do not occur in the cognate recognition motif.” This was exemplified “in the case of NF-kB”, where “mutations in the motifs for LDTFs were approximately three times more likely to result in decreased binding of NF-kB than mutations in the NF-kB-binding site itself.” The authors conclude that, “This hierarchical model of transcription factor function suggests that limited sets of genomic data for lineage-determining transcription factors and informative histone modifications can be used for the prioritization of disease-associated regulatory variants.”
Get a natural, but enhanced view of epigenetic variation over at Nature, October 2013
City prosecutors are dismissing felony drug and gun charges in 34 cases that rely on the testimony of three police officers under scrutiny after the public defender's office accused one of planting evidence while being recorded by his own body camera.
In announcing the dismissals Friday, Baltimore State's Attorney Marilyn J. Mosby also said her office flagged a second body camera video in a separate case that raised further questions for prosecutors and sent it to the police department's Internal Affairs division.
She did not describe the video. But police said it “involves two arrests and the recovery of drugs from a car during a traffic stop” — and said there is a gap in the video “before the final recovery of additional drugs” that is now being investigated.
Mosby said some of the 34 cases linked to the officers in the first video have already been dismissed, while others will be soon.
“The credibility of those officers has now been directly called into question,” Mosby said. “As I have stated before, it is incumbent upon us as prosecutors to be the ministers of justice, and to do what's right in the pursuit of justice, over convictions, while simultaneously prioritizing public safety.”
Antonio Gioia, chief counsel in Mosby's office, said prosecutors made “a decision in each and every one of those cases, after a very thorough review of the facts, that we did not have a case to prosecute without the testimony of one or all of the three officers.”
In 12 other cases linked to the officers in the first video, all involving incarcerated defendants, prosecutors have determined to move forward on the strength of “independent corroborative evidence,” Mosby said.
Another 77 pending cases involving the officers are still under review, she said.
The public defender's office made the claim about planted evidence based on a body-worn camera video submitted by one of the officers as evidence in a January drug case. The footage shows the officer placing a soup can, which contains a plastic bag full of white capsules, into a trash-strewn lot. He is then seen walking to an alley, activating his body camera and then retrieving the drugs.
Officers' body cameras automatically save the 30 seconds of video before activation, but without audio.
Officer Richard Pinheiro, whose body camera is recording and who handles the alleged drugs, has been suspended by the police department pending an internal investigation. Two other officers seen watching Pinheiro in the video, Officers Hovhannes Simonyan and Jamal Brunson, have been placed on administrative duty pending the investigation.
Local police union officials have urged against a rush to judgment in the matter. Police released additional video from the drug bust that indicated officers had found drugs in the same backyard before the video in question was recorded. Police Commissioner Kevin Davis said investigators are looking into whether the later video was a re-enactment of a drug discovery, but had not come to any conclusions.
In announcing the dismissal of cases linked to the officers, Mosby noted she made a similar move earlier this year — when her office dismissed dozens of criminal cases brought by seven Baltimore police officers who were federally indicted on racketeering charges in March.
The dismissals of criminal cases due to alleged police misconduct come as the city is dealing with historic violent crime. This week, Baltimore saw its 200th homicide of 2017 — with five months left in the calendar year.
Baltimore saw the most per-capita homicides in its history in 2015 and 2016, with 344 and 318 killings respectively. Before 2015, the city had not seen 300 or more homicides in a single year since the 1990s.
Mosby said prosecutors recently reviewed hundreds of body camera videos.
During the review, a prosecutor discovered the video that has since been sent to Internal Affairs. It involved other officers who together are involved in 219 other criminal cases. Prosecutors have since reviewed an additional 478 videos linked to them.
Melba Saunders, a spokeswoman for Mosby, said the office could not provide additional details because it is an open matter being investigated by the police department.
T.J. Smith, a police spokesman, said in a statement that the police department “has invited a heightened level of scrutiny since we have adopted one of the largest [body worn camera] programs in the nation,” and that “transparency efforts are ongoing as we strive to train our police officers with this new technology.”
“When shortcomings are apparent, we will investigate and act accordingly,” he said.
He did not say whether any officers have been suspended or put on administrative duty pending the investigation into the newly-flagged video.
Since the inception of the body camera program, more than 110,000 hours of footage have been recorded, and the department has “disciplined our police officers, counseled them, and trained them in accordance with best practices associated with this technology," Smith said.
“We remain committed to getting it right,” he said. “Our relationship with the community depends on it.”
Mosby and her top staff once again defended their handling of the body-camera footage that the public defender's office flagged. The public defender's office has criticized prosecutors for putting Pinheiro on the stand to testify in another criminal case despite being alerted to the video. For its part, the public defender's office has acknowledged it had the video since April but did not view it closely until this month, when it brought it to the attention of prosecutors.
krector@baltsun.com
twitter.com/rectorsun
A sign reading “Marriage for all” stands outside the German Parliament before a session to vote on legalizing same-sex marriages in Berlin on Friday. (Clemens Bilan/European Pressphoto Agency)
Germany on Friday recognized the right of same-sex couples to wed, a major step for gay women and men living in a country split between conservative, Christian customs and new values that have made its cosmopolitan capital a haven for dissident lifestyles.
The German Parliament voted 393 to 226 to modify the country's civil code, reshaping the institution of marriage with little fanfare but enormous significance as Germany prepares to join much of the Western world in codifying marriage equality. After clearing a path for lawmakers to approve the measure, Chancellor Angela Merkel ultimately opposed it.
“It's a joyous turning point,” said Volker Beck, who has campaigned for gay rights for decades, as a spokesman for the Lesbian and Gay Federation in Germany before entering Parliament as a member of the Green Party. “Equality and civil rights have been achieved.”
For some, the surprise was only how long it took in a country often seen as a progressive model for the region. Notable, also, was how quickly the matter moved forward once it was brought up this week.
At the same time, some conservative lawmakers said constitutional change was required, meaning the debate may not be fully settled. But Heiko Maas, the justice minister, told a public broadcaster this was “not absolutely necessary.”
At issue was a web of dynamics, including Nazi-era repression and the way in which political parties have derived their power from religious groups. Over time, however, church attendance has waned, and polling suggests that a comfortable majority of the public supports same-sex marriage.
Since 2001, Germany has allowed civil partnerships, which afford many of the same benefits accruing to married couples, with the notable exception of the right to joint adoption.
Electoral pressures facing Merkel also appeared central, leading some gay Germans to wonder whether they were political instruments for the German leader as she runs for a fourth term in September.
“The result is wonderful, but it makes me a bit angry that the gays are just a voting group to be won,” said Michael Rupp, 31, who works for an IT company.
[Here's why Germany's left has dwindling hopes of unseating Merkel]
Merkel, who has blocked consideration of gay marriage for more than a decade, suddenly set the ball in motion Monday. The daughter of a Protestant pastor, she said at an event sponsored by a women's magazine that she would like to see the issue considered as a “question of conscience,” freeing members of her center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU) to vote based on their personal convictions.
Marriage was becoming a wedge issue, and by easing her resistance, Merkel swept it away from her opponents. The Social Democrats, a center-left group forming part of the chancellor's governing coalition, had declared future cooperation contingent on same-sex marriage. Smaller parties on whom Merkel might depend should she be reelected in the fall, such as the Greens, said the same.
The chancellor often has made leftist causes, from wages to nuclear power, her own. In this case, however, she kept the issue at arm's length. After enabling its consideration, which all but guaranteed passage, she ultimately voted no.
Her rationale was that she had met a lesbian couple looking after eight foster children in her Baltic Sea constituency and that her concerns about adoption had been assuaged. But she said Friday that she had not changed her mind about the fundamental question of marriage.
“For me, marriage in the constitution is marriage between man and woman, and therefore I did not vote in favor of this bill,” she said.
Her personal reservations could ease backlash from the conservative wing of her party and its Bavarian counterpart, the Christian Social Union, which is staunchly Catholic. The German Bishops' Conference opposed the vote in a statement condemning the “hasty procedure” for overriding the “Christian concept of marriage.”
“I think Merkel herself was the most surprised by the developments of this week,” said Jens Spahn, a gay member of the CDU. “Of course some colleagues are angry, but in the end, everybody recognizes that the time is ripe for a decision.”
Few realized how quickly the issue would come to a vote, as the Social Democrats rushed to put it on the agenda after Merkel's offhand remark. Even advocates were taken by surprise.
“At times we didn't think there could be equality for marriage because of our constitution, which clearly was only intended for opposite-sex couples when it was written in 1949,” said Axel Hochrein, a board member of the Lesbian and Gay Federation in Germany. Parliament seemed the only route.
Protest mounted in the early 1990s. In 1994, a statute criminalizing homosexual acts between men was erased.
Civil partnerships in 2001 were a major step, Hochrein said, followed by decisions of the Federal Constitutional Court granting mostly equivalent privileges over the next 16 years. Meanwhile, discrimination based on sexual orientation was made illegal throughout the country.
The uneasy advancement of gay people in the European Union's largest country reflects vast social differences within Germany, as well as its tortured past.
“Berlin and some of the conservative villages in the south of Germany — they exist on different planets,” said Andreas Krass of the Center for Transdisciplinary Gender Studies at Humboldt University in Berlin.
It was in Berlin that the gay rights movement began at the turn of the 20th century, with the founding of the first gay rights organization, said Robert Beachy, author of “Gay Berlin: Birthplace of a Modern Identity.”
But the capital wasn't “back in its glory,” he said, until reunification in 1990, as homosexuality was as dangerous in the postwar period as it had been under the reign of the Third Reich. Just last week, Parliament voided convictions under an anti-sodomy law sharpened by the Nazis and then preserved by West Germany.
Today, Beachy said, Berlin is again a mecca of an experimental form of gay life. But Jens Petersen, a spokesman for an AIDS-prevention organization in Berlin, said there is still work to be done. Some 3,000 new HIV infections are detected annually across Germany, he said, a number that has barely budged over the past several years.
He said his spirit is not dampened, however. Petersen, who is in a civil partnership, said he plans to formalize his marriage the first day it is possible, which is likely to be Nov. 1.
Read more:
Poll shows a generational divide in white evangelical views of same-sex marriage
Supreme Court to take case on baker who refused to sell wedding cake to gay couple
Charges against Vatican cardinal revive questions about handling of child sexual abuse
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
another print site: www.inprnt.com/gallery/breathi… add a new coloring version,hope you like itIn The Hobbit, Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit in comfortable middle age at 50 years old, was hired in spite of himself as a "burglar" by the wizard Gandalf and 13 dwarves led by their king Thorin Oakenshield on a quest to reclaim the Lonely Mountain and its treasure from the dragon Smaug. The adventure took Bilbo and the companions through the wilderness, to the elf haven of Rivendell, across the Misty Mountains and the black forest of Mirkwood, to Lake-town in the middle of Long Lake, and eventually to the Mountain itself. Here, after the dragon was killed and the Mountain reclaimed, the Battle of Five Armies took place.In his journey, Bilbo encountered other fantastic creatures, including trolls, elves, giant spiders, a man who can change shape into a bear, goblins, eagles, wolves and a slimy, murderous creature named Gollum. Underground, near Gollum's lair, Bilbo accidentally found a magic ring of invisibility, which he used to escape from Gollum.By the end of the journey, Bilbo had become wiser and more confident, having saved the day in many gruesome situations. He rescued the dwarves from giant spiders with the magic ring and a short Elven-sword he acquired. He used the ring to sneak around in hostile environments, as well as his wits to smuggle the dwarves out of the elves' prisons. He was able to hold his own in conversation with the wily Smaug. When tensions arose over ownership of the recovered treasure, he tried unsuccessfully to bring the opposing sides to compromise, using a stolen heirloom jewel as leverage. This strained his relationship with Thorin, but the two were reconciled at Thorin's deathbed. At the end of the story, Bilbo returned to his home in the Shire only to find that several of his relatives, believing him to be dead, were trying to claim his home and possessions. In addition to becoming wealthy from his share of the dwarves' treasure, he found that he had traded respectability for experience and wisdom.other LOTR artwork of mine::thumb324611190::thumb324564146::thumb298350523::thumb211940262::thumb209201679:
Dubai received bid of $.0299/kWh for 800MW of solar power. This price represents the lowest yet recorded for solar power (and might not represent the end of the price drops…).
Dubai Electricity and Water Authority (DEWA) has received 5 bids from international organisations for the third phase of the Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Solar Park, said HE Saeed Mohammed AlTayer, MD & CEO of DEWA. The lowest recorded bid at the opening of the envelopes was US 2.99 cents per kilowatt hour. The next step in the bidding process will review the technical and commercial aspects of the bids to select the best one.
In the USA, in 2014 and with incentives, utility scale solar projects averaged $.05/kWh. On this bid alone, five companies bid below $.045/kW – without subsidies!
If you're considering solar, get a quote from multiple contractors at understandsolar.com. If you want feedback on the quote you get – either email me at john @ 9to5mac dot com or send a tweet.
In 2015, we saw Dubai sign a deal at a fixed rate of $0.0584 cents over 25 years with no incentives. In the summer of 2015 Autin, TX received almost 1,300MW`of bids at under $.04/kWh. Shortly afterwards, we saw Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s NV Energy agreed to pay $.0387/kWh for power from a 100-megawatt project that First Solar Inc. is developing. Lastly, just this month Enel Green power signed contracts for $.036/kWh in in Mexico and $.03/kWh in Morroco.
The price per kWh just fell 50% – and it did it in less than sixteen months.
Updates on the deal from other sites around the web – from PV-Magazine via CleanTechnica):
A total of five bids were received on May 1 for the third phase of the DEWA project, but it was the bid by a consortium led by Abdul Latif Jameel of Saudi Arabia, Fotowatio Renewable Ventures (FRV) of Spain, and Masdar of the UAE that grabbed the headlines. The consortium's 2.99$c/kWh bid is 18% lower than the 3.65$c/kWh bid submitted by JinkoSolar of China, and also drastically undercut the 3.95$c/kWh tariff submitted by an Acwa Power-First Solar consortium. The two other bids were for 4.382$c/kWh – submitted by U.K./French firm Engie ad Japan'S Marubeni – and 4.482$c/kWh, submitted by a consortium comprised of France's EDF and Qatar's Nebras.
Dr. Moritz Borgmann at the Apricum – The Cleantech Advisory – added some color on the finance side of things:
It can be expected that both JinkoSolar and the third-lowest Acwa Power pushed their proposals very close to what can be considered commercially feasible today. One may speculate how Masdar and FRV seemingly manage to play in a universe of their own. Because the majority of the expenses for a solar power plant lie in the upfront cost of construction, which gets recovered over numerous years, the cost of financing is a key overall cost driver. One can suspect that Masdar had access to long-term financing through the wealthy emirate of Abu Dhabi that no commercial banks, the primary source of capital for the other bidders, could match in cost.
Francois-Xavier Boul, the senior vice president of Engie, said said at a Clean Energy Business Council event in Dubai on Tuesday in response to the $.0299/kWh – via LeAnne Graves at The National:
“The size [in Abu Dhabi] is 350MW, so for sure you'll have economies of scale,” he said, adding that there was a large amount of funding available for the Abu Dhabi project. “There's a lot of appetite. This is going to be as aggressive [as Dubai].” “Dubai is definitely the benchmark to beat,” said Frank Wouters, a former director of Masdar Clean Energy and a former chairman of Shams Power. “It would be very difficult to explain why Abu Dhabi's [solar project] would have to be more expensive.”
Does that mean Engie sees an opportunity for LOWER PRICING?
The According to the Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy,
As of November 2015, four years into the decade-long SunShot Initiative, the solar industry is about 70% of the way to achieving SunShot's cost target of $0.06 per kilowatt-hour for utility-scale PV (based on 2010 baseline figures).
The price the SunShot Initiative wants is without incentives. It's at this price that analysts believe utility scale solar power would be competitively priced, at grid parity, with other sources of electricity in the USA. Warren Buffet's $.0387/kWh would potentially turn into about $.07/kWh if we backed out the 30% Federal Tax Credit and 60% depreciation in Year One. With solar power falling about 10% a year – Warren Buffet should be under $.06/kWh, no incentives, by 2018. Of course, not all installations are going to be built in the dry, sunny Nevada desert with customer credit scores as pristine as Warren Buffet (other than Dubai, of course).
Ramez Naam, How Cheap can solar power get?
According to Ramez Naam, optimist and technologist:
If solar electricity continues its current learning rate, by the time solar capacity triples to 600GW (by 2020 or 2021, as a rough estimate), we should see unsubsidized solar prices of roughly 4.5 c / kwh for very sunny places (the US southwest, the Middle East, Australia, parts of India, parts of Latin America), ranging up to 6.5 c / kwh for more moderately sunny areas (almost all of India, large swaths of the US and China, southern and central Europe, almost all of Latin America). And beyond that, by the time solar scale has doubled 4 more times, to the equivalent of 16% of today's electricity demand (and somewhat less of future demand), we should see solar at 3 cents per kwh in the sunniest areas, and 4.5 cents per kwh in moderately sunny areas.
According to Ramez, we shouldn't be hitting solar at $.03/kWh in the sunniest regions until the year 2030 and 3200GW of solar power (we happen to be closer to 240GW). The European are hoping to have $.02/kWh by 2050 in the sunniest places on the continent – I'm betting we beat the price.
We just lit up the record boards about 14 years early. Paging Ray Kurzweil! Paging Ray Kurzweil!
Timmy has been infatuated with Tanya, a replica plastic tortoise, since keepers put her in his enclosure.
The 60-year-old dotes on Tanya and fetches her food and kisses her by nuzzling their heads together.
Timmy has lived at the Tortoise Garden sanctuary in St Austell, Cornwall, for the last three years.
Sanctuary owner Joy Bloors said: ''Timmy came to us when his owners emigrated to New Zealand. They'd had him for 20 years.
''I've tried introducing him to other tortoises but they don't seem to like him and bully and fight with him. I put the plastic toy in his pen with him and now they inseparable.
''He nuzzles and kisses her, moves her around and pushes lettuce towards her. He plays with her everyday.
''If I want him to go into his hut at night time I have to put Tanya in there first otherwise he won't go.''
Timmy, a Hermann tortoise, was taken in by Joy after his owners moved to New Zealand.
She said: ''Tanya's only the third of the size of him but he doesn't seem to mind. He's much happier when it's just the two of them.''
The Tortoise Garden has looked after thousands of unwanted, abandoned, injured and illegally imported tortoises.
It cares for dozens of species and even provides a retirement home for elderly tortoises which are up to 120 years old.
The garden was set up by husband and wife Joy and Geoff Bloor 20 years ago and currently cares for 450 tortoises from 15 species in 60 pens.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oilfield services company Baker Hughes Inc BHI.N said on Monday it would buy smaller peer BJ Services Co (BJS.N) for $4.8 billion to create a one-stop shopping destination for its oil and gas producing customers and better take on the industry's leaders.
The Baker Hughes Center for Technology Innovation building in Houston, Texas is seen in this undated handout photo. REUTERS/Baker Hughes/Handout
With the deal, Baker Hughes, the No. 4 oilfield services company by market value, will be better able to compete with Halliburton Co (HAL.N) and Schlumberger Ltd (SLB.N) for projects that require multiple services as it bets on a recovery in the North American natural gas market.
It adds BJ's No. 3 market share in North American pressure pumping, which involves injecting gas or liquids into wells to increase output, to the Baker Hughes portfolio. It is also a reunion, since BJ was spun off by Baker Hughes in 1990.
The stock-and-cash deal was worth $4.8 billion based on the drop in the Baker Hughes shares on Monday, and excluding about $250 million in net debt. That was down from the $5.25 billion value of the deal, or 16 percent premium to BJ's closing price on Friday, according to the companies, whose boards have approved the transaction.
Oilfield service companies have suffered over the past year as oil and gas producers sharply cut spending on new projects and pushed for deep discounts from companies such as Baker Hughes. The proposed deal comes after natural gas prices slid to a seven-year low last week.
“The business logic is one where both companies felt that all the major international oil and gas players want to rely increasingly on a one-stop approach where they can bundle services,” said John Olson, a fund manager at Houston Energy Partners.
Shares of smaller oilfield services firms surged after the news in anticipation of more potential deals.
“This has long been eyed by Baker to establish a more competitive position against the other two players,” Capital One Southcoast analyst Pierre Connor said. “It's not a huge premium, but I think the market has been holding up BJ's price in anticipation of something like this.”
BJ stockholders will receive 0.40035 share of Baker Hughes and $2.69 in cash for each of their shares, which totaled $17.94 a share based on Friday's closing price.
BJ's stock rose 4.1 percent or 63 cents to $16.06 on Monday, while Baker Hughes shares fell 9.6 percent to $34.45.
Their combined market capitalization will be around that of National Oilwell Varco Inc (NOV.N), but still well behind Schlumberger, worth $68 billion, and Halliburton, at $21 billion.
Under the terms of the deal, if either company pulls out, it must pay the other $175 million.
PRESSURE ON PUMPING
Industry analysts believe U.S. natural gas prices, which were trading below $3 per million BTU, will stay weak into 2010 when cuts to drilling are expected to begin to trim output, and winter demand reduces the high level of the fuel in storage.
For BJ Services, whose shares were up 41 percent this year but remain below the $34.90 they hit in July 2008, the purchase will allow it to link its pressure-pumping operations to a company active in more than 90 countries.
Pressure-pumping is expected to become increasingly important in North America with the rise of unconventional natural gas fields, such as tight gas and shale gas. Pressure-pumping accounts for more than half the costs to develop those wells.
Baker, which will pay about 10 times BJ Services' 2010 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, expects the transaction to add to profits by 2011.
Pressure-pumping makes up about 75 percent of BJ Services revenue. The acquisition will lift pressure-pumping at Baker Hughes to about 20 percent of revenue from about 1 percent.
Baker Hughes expects annual cost savings of about $75 million in 2010 and $150 million in 2011.
Mitch Kreitzman is just waiting for Anthony Davis to ditch the Pelies.
With the recent wave of rappers like milo, WebsterX, and IshDARR making names for themselves out of Milwaukee, anyone who came before has fallen by the wayside, but if you ask any veteran of Milwaukee music who pioneered hip hop locally, the answer is unanimous: Rusty Pelicans.
Comprised of Adam James (aka Phantom Channel), Aron Smith (aka MC Oneself), Isaias Ortiz (aka Count Classic), and Dana Reeder (aka Dana Coppa), Rusty Pelicans made waves in the Midwest in the late 1990s by personally booking and opening for the biggest names in alternative hip hop, despite Milwaukee's aversion to hip hop at the time. Their lyrical prowess, minimalistic production, and unique 4-person dynamic fit right in with groups like Atmosphere and The Pharcyde, whom they collaborated with on their debut album in 2001.
But their rise in popularity fizzled out in the early 2000s, with member departures and a lack of industry resources in Milwaukee killing their momentum. After spending over a decade in obscurity, the group's original lineup reunited in 2015 for an acclaimed album that encompassed their careers, yet sounded like nothing they'd done before, and made their presence felt once again.
The group met at Milwaukee High School of the Arts and moved into an apartment on Milwaukee's East Side after graduating, where they had a wide range of diverse visitors early on, with the biggest unifying factor between everyone being the ability to freestyle and hold their own in a cypher.
“It was what originally brought us together,” Reeder tells me. “There was a brotherhood of freestylers at apartment 7 that would come from all over the city. It was an art, and something we were very conscious of. We were very boastful of that ability, and will still use that ability to this day,” he continues. In typical old-head fashion, this conversation turns into a discussion on the Stretch and Bobbito documentary, whether or not freestyling should be off the dome, and whether or not trap rappers will have any longevity.
Freestyling together in their East Side apartment eventually turned into their first official performance as Rusty Pelicans in December of 1995, at a now-defunct Milwaukee venue called Globe East. In their first couple years, performing came with its struggles, due to Milwaukee having no precedent for hip hop, leading to skeptical fans at most shows. This is still an issue for many rappers in Milwaukee today, with a crowd full of scowls and crossed arms being the norm.
“If you can play in Milwaukee, you can play anywhere, because we've been doing this for 20 years, and we still gotta earn it every time,” James says, with an almost exasperated laugh. “Everyone in the crowd would rather be smoking weed at home for free.” These performance issues eventually paid off, and Rusty Pelicans began their explosion as a group, not by going on tour, but by bringing the best shows to them.
For most of the 1990s, no major venues in Milwaukee were booking hip hop shows. The only venue doing it previously was The Rave, which had stopped scheduling hip hop shows after a shooting during a Too Short concert in the early 1990s; however, Rusty Pelicans forever changed the landscape for Milwaukee concertgoers in 1998, and helped themselves in the process.
The group's first big performance came opening for Hieroglyphics at The Rave in 1998, a show they personally booked. According to Smith, this was the show that opened the doors for more hip hop in Milwaukee. “It was the first time hip hop played in Milwaukee in a long time, and it sold out,” he recalls. “It showed Milwaukee that there is money to be made doing hip hop shows and nothing bad will happen.” After this point, the floodgates opened wide for the group.
In the late ‘90s, Rusty Pelicans made a name for themselves as the prime hip hop group in Milwaukee, not just by booking nearly every major hip hop show to come through the city, but by being the only local group that could open for them. Though that is not to say they did not have the talent to do it otherwise; they were still blowing these crowds away.
Their style early on fit in perfectly with the alternative hip hop style pioneered by groups like De La Soul and A Tribe Called Quest in the early ‘90s. Their production had organic, boom-bap style rhythm sections, combined with creative sampling laced in for a style that will shake the room and get stuck in your head. Vocally, James and Ortiz were the consistent, straight-ahead parts of the group, bringing clever lyrics and traditional flows to every song.
But what made them stand out was what Smith and Reeder brought to the music, with their distinct voices and flows adding style that other groups just did not have. This unique group dynamic, combined with their alternative style, helped them leave lasting impressions on tons of fans. During their career, they have performed with Run DMC, Slick Rick, Talib Kweli, and countless others, many of which they booked themselves.
They brought up one particularly memorable experience from opening for Eminem, just before the release of The Marshall Mathers LP. “We were so in the zone that we killed that fucking show,” Smith said. “We bonded with his hype man, Proof, during sound check, so Proof wanted to see us perform, but Isa accidentally gave him the wrong time, so he showed up right at the end of our set, which was basically our best show ever. So, long story short, we could've been part of D12.”
One of Rusty Pelicans' most frequent collaborators was LA group The Pharcyde. The group went on a full Midwestern tour with The Pharcyde, and even worked with them in their LA studio, which the group recalled as one of their biggest “rock star” moments. “We were in the booth and had guys from The Pharcyde cheering us on behind the windows,” Reeder remembers. “It was such an ‘oh shit' moment, just getting lit with our heroes in the studio.”
The also regularly performed with members of the Rhymesayers collective. Smith recalls a realization he had at a Rhymesayers show years after performing with them. “Brother Ali did a show here a few years ago, and he said on stage, ‘big shout out to the Rusty Pelicans, I came up opening for them,' and I was like, ‘oh shit he's right.'”
Prior to their first album, Reeder left the group to pursue solo aspirations. In the years after, he found plenty of success, working with artists like Action Bronson and Riff Raff. With the departure of Reeder came the group's name change to Rusty P's. Despite going into their debut album without Reeder, their common collaborations with Rhymesayers and The Pharcyde were huge assets for the group.
The single from their debut album, “Tread Water,” featuring Imani of The Pharcyde on side A, and “All I Have” featuring Atmosphere and DJ Abilities on side B, was one of their biggest moments as a group, giving way for the group's debut album, which may have been their creative peak.
It is apparent while listening that they were chomping at the bit to put out this project, and were putting their best foot forward on every track; it felt like a perfect synthesis of all the hard work up until that point. It was on par with Atmosphere's debut, Overcast!, and, much like the Minneapolis group, could have been the tip of the iceberg on their way to stardom; but it was instead the closest the group would ever come to the mainstream success of their contemporaries and collaborators.
After their second album, entitled One, Smith left Rusty P's to pursue his own work, leaving the group with two members: James and Ortiz. In their four album stretch as a duo, they never managed to find near the same success and notoriety from their earlier days, due in large part to their lack of professional production resources in Milwaukee.
Often an overlooked part of music production, mixing and mastering is vital to creating professional-sounding music that separates real artists from the average Joe. Unfortunately for Rusty Pelicans, being independent led to a lack accessibility in a city like Milwaukee at the time, because there were no national music connections there.
Because of this, they could not achieve the professional sound needed to reach the next level as a group. Luckily for today's artists in Milwaukee, development of music recording technology, combined with the development of Milwaukee's music scene, has made it possible for local, independent artists to have professional production.
Jordan Lee, program director at 88Nine Radio Milwaukee, and DJ for Rusty P's during the mid to late 2000s, believes that these limited resources led to a huge waste of potential. “If they'd had the opportunities of a major label artist, they could have made something as good as Stakes is High by De La Soul,” he says.
Another problem that came with operating out of Milwaukee was the inability of the group to get their name out there on a national level before the days of the internet. With services like SoundCloud now making it possible for any artist to give their music to the world, local artists from any city can find fame no matter where they are. Before this existed, signing to a major label and touring extensively were the only ways to expand.
Despite having national distribution as an independent group, Rusty Pelicans never toured in America besides the Midwest, making it difficult for other regions to ever hear about them without modern technology to help. “The big difference between them and Atmosphere was that Atmosphere would go out on minivan tours, and do shows for thirty people in Dallas, which Rusty P's never really did.” Lee says.
Arguably the biggest issue that the group faced during this time was the lack of their group dynamic. While they still had the anchors of James and Ortiz to keep the music consistent, the flair that Reeder and Smith brought to the table was sorely missing from their work at the time, and they simply did not grab the attention of listeners in the same way. After this long stretch for Rusty P's came their triumphant return, thanks to the reunion of the original lineup.
In honor of the 20th anniversary of the formation of Rusty Pelicans, Smith and Reeder decided to join back with Ortiz and James. According to James, it took some time to get back into form. “Once we got to talking, it took a while for our ideas to mesh together and have the chemistry again. But once that happened it just became so much fun to do, and everything happened naturally.”
While they weren't sure where the reunion would lead at first, things happened so organically that it turned into creating a full project together. The album, aptly titled Apartment 7 after the East Side apartment where the group got their start, sounded nothing like their previous work. “We didn't want to do what we started out doing, because it was what everyone expected,” Reeder recalls. “We still brought the same feeling to it, and put in a few sprinkles for the backpackers, but we wanted to evolve and test our blade.”
The production on the album had everything they were missing early on, and experimentation unlike anything they had done previously. Using Milwaukee producer Mammyth for the entire album, the project keeps the listener guessing by using a variety of different styles, both modern and classic, that feel shockingly fresh for a group with two decades under their belt. Their ability to evolve was impressive, and something that many older groups refuse to do.
Vocally, Apartment 7 was a return to form of what made them so great in the late 1990s. On songs like “Mo Fiya,” they perfectly display what works about their 4-person dynamic: James and Ortiz are the 1-2 punch, with Reeder and Smith filling in the gaps. 4-person groups are rare in hip hop, especially in the modern age, and they use it to their advantage.
Despite the intense focus on the music itself, what they appreciated most about the album was its impact on the group's relationship. “It was so much fun, that was the best part,” Smith recalls with a smile. “The most important part of this whole story was us just coming back together as brothers and friends.”
For many Milwaukee music listeners, Apartment 7 was not just some of their best work, but some of the best music Milwaukee has ever seen. “Their most recent album is better than anything they've ever done,” Lee declares. “Because they've gotten all this experience and are better rappers than they ever were, because they all learned so much while they were off doing their own thing, They almost had to go through that divorce to get better as a group.”
Now that they are once again active in Milwaukee music as a four-piece group, their influence on hip hop in Milwaukee has never been more obvious, especially with the recent hip hop boom in Milwaukee in the last two years. On top of opening the door for countless opportunities in Milwaukee hip hop, what Rusty Pelicans have done for Milwaukee hip hop can be stated very simply: they did it first.
“Go on Discogs and try to find a hip hop single from Milwaukee that came out before them: it is going to be hard to find,” Lee says. “They're like Milwaukee's Grandmaster Flash in the sense that they did it first, they paved the way, and never got the money, success, and fame that was coming to them.”
With the group back in their original form, and coming off of one of their best albums, the future is wide open for Rusty Pelicans. Knowing where they've gone before, Reeder is taking it one day at a time. “I think we're just trying to focus on making music and see where it takes us,” he says. “I think we're just trying to figure out what we want to do.”
But Smith has much bigger plans. “Sharon Jones' first album came out in her 40s. Run The Jewels are our age doing it big. If we keep making good music, who knows what could happen.”
We rely on your support to keep POW alive. Please take a second to donate on Patreon!
Feathers will fly on Valentine's night with a giant pillow-on-pillow battle | Thursday
Feathers will fly at this fun, flash-mob type event which takes place on Thursday, Valentine's Day 2013, just as the Ferry Building clock tower strikes 6 pm. It's Pillow Fight!
Nearly 1,000 San Franciscans descend on Justin Herman Plaza with feather-stuffed pillows to run Braveheart-like at full speed at one another to lovingly beat the crap out of each other until the whistle blows.
Top Tips:
– Bring a mask or bandanna to cover your mouth – it's easy to choke on flying feathers.
– Bring a synthetic pillow (not one with feathers) trust us.. it's much more enjoyable this way.
– Bring a garbage bag – have fun and then help clean up afterward – the price of having fun is keeping your city clean and makes it much less likely for the fuzz to shut this thing down.
– Build up your arm strength – your arms will be sore after this… trust us.
>> Wanna see some great photos of past Pillow Fights from Bill Taylor?
Is this Pillow Fight really taking place for 2013?
A word of caution: We found Pillow Fight 2013 posted on Facebook, but note that the pillow fight isn't listed on www.pillowfightday.com, the main website that lists tons of pillow fights around the world. So we have no idea if this event is real or not, or if there will be any organizers or not – but who cares really? If 1,000 people “think” there's a pillow fight and all show up at Justin Herman Plaza at 6 pm – then there's gonna be a mother f'n pillow fight. If you do show up, please please please bring one garbage bag and help pick up feathers afterward.
What time is Pillow Fight? The Facebook page says 5:30 pm, the flyer says 6 pm… It's “usually” been 6 pm, but you might want to arrive early, so you don't miss out.
Email 0 Shares
Categories: Uncategorized
Democrats have a decision to make: do they think money in politics is a corrupting force that influences the decisions made by elected officials, or not? After years railing against the Citizens United decision, which opened the floodgates to outside spending in elections, some of them appear to have done a complete reversal.
The Clinton campaign has spent the last few weeks furiously pushing back at the criticism that she is influenced by the vast donations her campaign receives from backers in the oil and financial industries. Her supporters have been vigorously arguing there's no evidence of a quid pro quo.
How quickly they forget. As journalist David Sirota reported earlier this week, in the 2008 Democratic primary campaign, Clinton harshly criticized then senator Obama for accepting donations from oil and gas executives – and even cut a campaign commercial about it. The kicker? It was less money than Clinton has accepted from people working for fossil fuel companies so far this campaign season.
While Clinton called the suggestion that she might be influenced by the wealthy bankers who raise money for her campaign an “artful smear” in 2016, she also had no problem hurling even stronger accusations about Obama in 2008: “Senator Obama has some questions to answer about his dealings with one of his largest contributors – Exelon, a big nuclear power company,” she said. “Apparently he cut some deals behind closed doors to protect them from full disclosure of the nuclear industry.”
Then there are the closed-door speeches that Clinton gave for Goldman Sachs and other big banks after she left her role as secretary of state. While she has steadfastly refused to release the transcripts, she's claimed it has never affected her position on the banks one iota. Which is fine, if that's the principled stance you want to take, but it's not one her party has had in the past. Mitt Romney was hit hard in the 2012 presidential campaign by Democrats for the speeches he gave to financial institutions.
So which is it? Are politicians corrupt (or susceptible to corruption) if they are giving highly paid speeches behind closed doors to financial institutions, or not? It doesn't work both ways.
Clinton has also criticized the supreme court's ruling in Citizens United by rightly pointing out that the original case was sparked by an attempt to air a documentary that was critical of her right before an election. Yet she has reaped the rewards from the ruling – possibly more than any other candidate – from myriad Super Pacs and outside groups that have spent heavily in favor of her candidacy.
The president of Citizens United even told the Center for Public Integrity last week: “Wouldn't you know that Hillary Clinton has become one of the greatest beneficiaries of the Citizens United supreme court decision. It is an irony that is not lost on me.”
Sure, even hardcore Sanders supporters will admit there is no evidence of direct quid pro quo when talking about large donations various parties made to the Clinton Foundation when Clinton was secretary of state. But it would be difficult not to worry about at least the potential for a conflict of interest, when weapons manufacturers and Saudi Arabia were making donations to the Clinton Foundation while their weapons deals were approved by the State Department, oil companies were doing the same before the State Department approved the oil sands pipeline project, and other fossil fuels donated at around the same time the secretary was advocating increased fracking abroad.
But of course there is no quid pro quo – that has never been the prime criticism of wealthy individuals using their vast resources to “buy” elections, push candidates in one direction, or influence office holders in much more subtle and nuanced ways than outright bribery.
And by taking this position that only quid pro quo equals corruption, Clinton supporters are essentially adopting the reasoning of the Roberts court that they claim to abhor – that unless there is direct evidence of overtly trading money for votes, corruption doesn't exist. As Lawrence Lessig has written, Democrats have been slowly embracing this stance for years, but the Clinton campaign seems to cementing it as the party's policy.
No one has made this point better than Clinton surrogate and former representative Barney Frank – or should I say, the 2012 version of him. Last week, Frank accused Sanders supporters of engaging in McCarthyism by suggesting that politicians, and Clinton in particular, are influenced by big money contributions from wealthy backers, and as a result, did not push for prosecutions of the executives of large banks. However, Frank sang an altogether different tune about the influence of campaign contributions when he was leaving Congress in 2012.
“People say, ‘Oh, it doesn't have any effect on me,'” Frank told NPR at the time about the constant need to continually raise money as a congressman. “Well if that were the case, we'd be the only human beings in the history of the world who on a regular basis took significant amounts of money from perfect strangers and made sure that it had no effect on our behavior.”
I guess we can assume Clinton is the first person in the history of the world to avoid this problem altogether then.
Changing Face of the North American Nebula
This image layout reveals how the appearance of the North American nebula can change dramatically using different combinations of visible and infrared observations from the Digitized Sky Survey and NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope, respectively.
In this progression, the visible-light view (upper left) shows a striking similarity to the North American continent. The image highlights the eastern seaboard and Gulf of Mexico regions. The red region to the right is known as the "Pelican nebula," after its resemblance in visible light to a pelican.
The view at upper right includes both visible and infrared observations. The hot gas comprising the North American continent and the Pelican now takes on a vivid blue hue, while red colors display the infrared light. Inky black dust features start to glow in the infrared view.
In the bottom two images, only infrared light from Spitzer is shown -- data from the infrared array camera is on the left, and data from both the infrared array camera and the multiband imaging photometer, which sees longer wavelengths, is on the right. These pictures look different in part because infrared light can penetrate dust whereas visible light cannot. Dusty, dark clouds in the visible image become transparent in Spitzer's view. In addition, Spitzer's infrared detectors pick up the glow of dusty cocoons enveloping baby stars.
Color is used to display different parts of the spectrum in each of these images. In the visible-light view (upper right) from the Digitized Sky Survey, colors are shown in their natural blue and red hues. The combined visible/infrared image (upper left) shows visible light as blue, and infrared light as green and red. The infrared array camera (lower left) represents light with a wavelength of 3.6 microns as blue, 4.5 microns as green, 5.8 microns as orange, and 8.0 microns as red. In the final image, incorporating the multiband imaging photometer data, light with a wavelength of 3.6 microns has been color coded blue; 4.5-micron light is blue-green; 5.8-micron and 8.0-micron light are green; and 24-micron light is red.
Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech
BRUSSELS, European Parliament, 26th February 2008.
Mark Dermul (www.911belgium.be) reporting.
On Tuesday 26th February, Europarlementarian Guilietto Chiesa invited his colleagues and the press to attend the screening and debate of the Italian-produced documentary named ‘ZERO, an investigation into the events of 9/11'. Object of the screening was to create political awareness of the faulty official investigation into the events by the 9/11 Commission.
Besides Mr Chiesa, the panel consisted of Japanese parlementarian Fujita, Dr David Ray Griffin, film distributor Tim Sparke & the director and producers of the film.
After his opening statements, Mr Chiesa welcomed his guest speakers, including the producers, director and distributor of the documentary. Mr Chiesa pointed out that he was unable to find any distributor in his native country of Italy and was happy to find a company in the UK, led by Mr Tim Sparke, to handle worldwide distribution of this important film. ‘It is important to realize,' he emphasized ‘that the movie was made thanks to contribution and donations of hundreds of citizens who feel a new investigation is more than warranted.' No less than 450 people worked on this documentary on a voluntary basis. They never received any kind of payment. Their reward is the movie itself, which they feel is an instrument to create awareness and a means to provoke a political debate in Europe
Since the movie projector didn't work, Mr Chiesa invited the public to ask questions until the technical problems were solved and we could start watching the movie
Question: ‘Why did you make this film?' Chiesa: ‘It is obvious that we are now cast in an infinite war, based on lies. And as long as there is no new and independent investigation, we will never have security. There are too many lies for the official narrative to be true. Our film is an instrument to request the re-opening of the 9/11 investigation.' Question: ‘How do you propose to reopen the investigation?' Chiesa: ‘The film is the primary instrument to get the debate going. It is a collection of discoveries, by many respected researches from around the globe (the film features, among others, Gore Vidal, Sibel Edmonds, Dario Fo, David Ray Griffin, Dr Steven Jones, Dr Kevin Ryan, Webster Tarpley, Barbara Honegger, FAA-controllers, USAF pilots, military commanders, physicists – ed. note). But they are still questions. The movie doesn't provide the answers. It only lays bare the questions that remain, that were left unanswered by the official investigation and need to be answered by the US government.' Question: ‘Mr Fujita, how did you become involved?' Fujita: ‘I work for several Japanese NGO's and one of those people showed me some videos and books. At first I couldn't believe it. So I saw Loose Change and read Dr Griffin's books. And last year a good friend of mine who has a very high position at the German national bank told me about the put options that were placed on American Airlines and United Airlines. I believed him. And reading Dr Griffin's book, looking at his reputation, I have every reason to believe him. That's when I realised that every truth finding effort has to be continued. So I gave a presentation in the Japanese parliament (which is extensively covered on YouTube – ed. note). But I feel the truthers find their information mostly by internet. The truth should not only go by internet. It should now go political! Networking is very important. We must all work together.' Question: ‘But what can we, regular citizens who go about their daily lives, trying to make a living for them and their families, what can we do?' Griffin: ‘As in any movement, the 9/11 Truth Movement is a minority movement. We must continue to use our networks to make this minority into a majority. We have the upper hand to find the truth, for we have the conscience of the people. And I know that's not an easy feat. I have now written six books on the subject, which is getting good reviews – go check it on Amazon. I had a good reputation as an author before as well and now I've just written my sixth book on the subject. But I have yet to get a review in any mainstream publication.' Question: ‘Do you, in your new book, take the same stance, saying that 9/11 was an inside job?' Griffin: ‘My new book is called 9/11 Contradictions. In this book I do not take any position, actually. Reporters have hidden in the past saying either the books were too technical and they're not engineers, so they couldn't comment on the book. In other cases they felt the official story was the only story they could report about, for the risk of being labelled a conspiracy theorist or even worse, getting fired. But with my new book, reporters will not be able to hide behind these excuses. These are only contradictions that they can verify and ask questions about.' Question: ‘What kind of contradictions?' Griffin: ‘Well, one very important one is the alleged Barbara Olsen phone call. Ted Olsen at the time claimed he had been called by his wife twice on 9/11, thus establishing the fact that American Airlines 77 was in fact hijacked by men with Middle Eastern looks. First he claimed it was a cell phone call. Later he changed his story to seatback phone. But when a German journalist got Boeing to confirm that on this type of flight there were no seatback phones, Olsen changed his story back to call phone. Now, you might think ‘oh, so he got it right the first time', but… At the Moussaoui trial an FBI-report showed that there was never any connection between Barbara Olsen and her husband. No cell phone calls were ever made from that flight (Dr Griffin gave three more examples, contradiction with regards to the whereabouts of General Meyers, the highest ranking military officer on 9/11, the timeline of Dick Cheney's activities and the question about why the Pentagon was not evacuated when the Doomsday plane, shown on CNN, was actually in the air over Washington – ed. note) Question: ‘Many people, even today, are still baffled about WTC-7. When can we expect NIST to publish its final report on this collapse?' Griffin: ‘NIST has delayed the publication time after time. In 2004 they said it would be released in 2005, in 2005 they said it would be released in 2006 and so on. Now we are expecting the report in August 2008, but I feel we may yet get another delay until at least the end of November, after the current administration has – hopefully – left office.'
At this point, people start joking about the fact that the US-government has probably sabotaged the screening of the documentary, since the projector cannot be fixed. We change rooms a few minutes later and the screening of the film begins.
The documentary is probably the most important film made so far on 9/11 as it is very accessible; it is obviously created for ‘9/11 newbies'. If you want to get a crash course into the 9/11 event and the failures of the commission's investigation, this is the movie you need to see. Some of the highlights for me were the interviews with an FAA-air controller who explained how the hijacking procedures were changed on 1st June 2001, slowing down response, only to be changed back on 12th September 2001. And the very important discovery that the CCTV-images that were released by the FBI of Atta and his companion boarding Flight AA11 in Boston were actually taken by a CCTV at the airport in Portland, where they took a plane to arrive in Boston! It has also a lot of footage that I had never seen before, including videos taken at the Pentagon shortly after the attack. A must-see and clearly a labour of love. Impressive.
After the film, after the several minute long applause finally died away, Chiesa re-opened the debate.
Question: ‘Why do we put op with this? Surely the United States are not all that powerful?' Chiesa: ‘But they are. The fact that this group of about 300 people has only 6 Europarlementarians and 2 journalists among them shows that the US is controlling everything. They are all powerful. No politician in the European Parliament can ignore the power – or wrath! – of the US.'
(True to form, the Belgian media didn't publish or broadcast any of this debate on this or the following day, even thought this debate took place inside the European Parliament – ed. note)
Tim Sparke: ‘But it's up to you now, the general public. You have to help the politicians to by telling people about this film and talking to your local cinema's and TV-stations. Get the word out. Only then can we create the momentum to get the debate to the political level.' Question (from myself) : ‘In the aftermath of 9/11 and in the period leading up to the war in the Middle East, the Bush administration; President Bush, Condoleezza Rice and particularly Vice President Dick Cheney; have repeatedly lied to the American people and, by extension, to the world. The crimes they have committed are much worse than those in the Watergate scandal. So why are the American people not in an uproar? Why are these people still in power and not in jail? Is it a lack of political will? Griffin: ‘Many people simply are misinformed and kept misinformed by the government and the mainstream media. As for political will, we live in a plutocracy, not a democracy.' Chiesa: ‘For many people 9/11 is simply too controversial. There is a very strong psychological opposition to 9/11 truth. For most people, considering a conspiracy theory…' ‘…other than the official theory, which is – obviously – also a conspiracy theory.' Chiesa: ‘Yes, indeed – so considering another conspiracy theory about 9/11 is taboo. We must overcome this taboo and we must overcome this total lack of information. We must break this wall of silence. We must break free from the web and fight the mainstream media. This film is an instrument to do that. We need voices of different levels of society. We need not convince them that we are right. We need to convince them there is a problem that must be investigated… re-investigated. But you have to show them what happened. You cannot convince people by telling them about 9/11. They need to see it – hence the film.
At this moment, there is one person in the room who gives criticism on the film, claiming that the feels there are incorrect theories in the documentary. He feels the wing damage in the Pentagon is clearly visible and that Steven Jones' claims about the thermite/thermate are not proven. He also claims that a response by jet fighters during the attack was in fact ordered. He gave no explanation as to where he got his information. He said he was a muslim and at the European Parliament as an independent, ready to defend himself against the reaction of the public who had started ‘boo'ing. One person's behaviour was unbecoming in my opinion when she shouted ‘Who paid you?' While I do not agree with the person's assertions, I do respect his opinion. The director of the movie went on to explain that in the movie they were not able to show everything in detail (the movie would become too long) and that – again – it was an instrument to provoke action on the part of the viewer. A few more – and rather interesting questions and remarks – came from the audience and were addressed by the panel.
By now it was getting very late (partly because of the delay of the movie screening) and Mr Chiesa wanted to wrap up the event by making a closing statement.
Chiesa: ‘A new American commission is inconceivable. But a European commission is inconceivable too. We have no jurisdiction. The US-government would never allow it. It would have to be an international group of ‘Wise Men & Women' such as previous heads of state, engineers, artists, scholars, first responders, survivors, witnesses and so forth. We realize we still have a long road ahead. But we can create change!' Griffin: ‘I've always said that the truth will come out of friendly countries. If Iran or Korea were to tell us 9/11 was an inside job, we would not believe it. They're just saying that, because they're our enemies. But if Japan, Europe or even an individual European country would say ‘We have examined the evidence… The war on terror is a hoax!', then the American press would no longer be able to ignore it. They would have to publish it and then the US-government would be forced to respond.'
Editor's note: the text above is written from extensive notes taken during the debate, but it's is inevitable incomplete. It's the gist of the debate. Otherwise it would become too long. Also, it is not an exact word-for-word transcript, as the debate was not recorded (by me). It is the best representation I could give of the event, staying as close to the actual text as I could distill from my notes. Several videos will be made available soon, so you can see the whole of the debate. Until such time, I felt it important to share my impressions.
Thank you for understanding 9/11 Belgium's TM and © 2007 - present Mark Dermul
While the atheist, communist Chinese government cracks down on Christians domestically, the country profits heavily from Christmas decorations exported to the United States.
The Chinese government exported approximately $1.1 billion in Christmas tree ornaments to the United States in the first nine months of the year, accounting for 92% of all decorations imported by American firms.
The Chinese monopoly over Christmas decoration exports also includes Christmas lights; 87% of all imported Christmas lights originated from China, netting the communist government approximately $346 million.
Despite reaping large profits from Christmas-related exports to the United States, the ruling communist elite routinely suppress Chinese citizens who practice Christianity.
Earlier this year, the ruling Communist Party imposed severe restrictions on Chinese Christians, banning them from traveling abroad for religious purposes and implementing draconian requirements for home churches. Police raids targeting pastors, shadowing of parishioners and the tearing down of crosses are commonplace as well.
Many educated and young Chinese living in major cities exchange gifts and decorate their home despite the communist government's official aversion to Christmas.
Official government census records set the number of Christians in China at 28 million, or 2% of the county's population; most believe the number to be higher, as many Chinese likely fear persecution for openly proclaiming one's faith.
Christianity has a long history in China, dating back to the first documented visit by Christian missionaries in 635 AD. A stone tablet, the Nestorian Tele, claims the first Christians were allowed to establish places of worship in the capital of Xi'an by Tang Dynasty Emperor Taizong.
Following the communist victory over the nationalists, and their subsequent retreat to Taiwan, in the Chinese Civil War, the Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association was founded to give the government direct supervision over the country's catholics.
Similar state-run organizations were founded for protestants (the Three-Self Patriotic Movement) and Muslims (the Islamic Association of China).
The Chinese government has reserved much of its animosity for practitioners of Falun Gong, a spiritual practice that focuses heavily on meditation and a series of exercises known as Qigong.
On July 20, 1999, following rising tensions with the government, Chinese security forces arrested thousands of Falun Gong leaders and outlawed the organization. Practicing Falun Gong in public was banned, as was possessing any related materials, symbols, or banners; even protesting the ban was outlawed.
Since the ban, hundreds of thousands of Falun Gong practitioners have been arrested and jailed without trial, forced to endure torture and forced labor. Many others have been killed and their organs harvested by the Chinese government.
Now Playing Game of Thrones Season 7: Are We Overdue for a Stark Death?
More photos from the Game of Thrones Season 7 premiere have arrived, and while they don't tease anything big, they do give us our first looks at a few favorite characters.
While Brienne (Gwendoline Christie) and Podrick (Daniel Portman) get to work on some sword sparring in the Winterfell courtyard — with Tormund (Kristofer Hivju) lovingly looking on no doubt — Eddison Tollett (Ben Crompton) seems to be leading an expedition North of the Wall. Probably not a great ideay, buddy!
Meanwhile, Cersei (Lena Headey) is still lurking in her map room, while Daenerys (Emilia Clarke) explores her new home, Dragonstone.
Game of Thrones' 9 Most Underrated Characters
Perhaps the most telling photo is the one of Meera (Ellie Kendrick), who appears to be surrounded by the Night's Watch. Looks like Bran (Isaac Hempstead-Wright) is finally going to arrive at the Wall! By the look on Meera's face though, she might not be too keen on staying there.
The one person missing from these new photos is the one we're obviously most anxious to see, Jon Snow (Kit Harington). Where you at, Jon?
Game of Thrones premieres Sunday, July 16th at 9/8c on HBO.
Terming the weapons themselves are likely to have a relatively small impact, analysts see the timing of the leaks that US weapons are starting to show up in the hands of Syrian rebels as a carefully orchestrated release designed to send a message to “Assad and to his supporters like the Russian government.”
The message, at least on the surface, is that the Obama Administration's policy toward Syria is still essentially what it was last week, with officials talking up war and working to aid the rebels trying to take over the country, despite Syria's sudden ratification of Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC).
The exact amount of weapons is of some dispute, though they are believed to include only light arms and not any of the anti-aircraft weapons the rebels have sought, as they have promised to attack civilian aircraft and the US appears not to want to go down that road just yet.
The lack of such arms has prompted another round of angry condemnations from the Free Syrian Army (FSA), which the US is sending the weapons to, saying that the arms won't make a difference and that the US needs to dramatically escalate them. The FSA has also come out against Syria joining the CWC, because it seems to have forestalled US attacks they were hoping would install them in power.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Russian defence spending rises by 4.8% to $88bn, devoting larger share of GDP on military than US for first time since 2003
Russia spent a higher proportion of its wealth on arms than the US last year for the first time in more than a decade, according to figures published on Monday by a leading international research body that highlights Moscow's resurgent military ambition as it confronts the west over Ukraine.
Western countries, including Britain and the US, reduced defence budgets, but Russia increased arms spending by 4.8% in real terms last year to almost $88bn (£52bn), devoting a bigger share of its GDP to the military than the US for the first time since 2003, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (Sipri).
China and Saudi Arabia were also among a list of countries that increased arms spending, but overall world military expenditure fell by 1.9% to $1.75tn in 2013. Britain is estimated to have dropped to its lowest place in the military spending league since the second world war.
Under Russia's state armaments plan, Moscow plans to spend $705bn to replace 70% of the country's military equipment by 2020. Although Russia's 850,000-strong armed forces are by far the biggest in the region, dwarfing that of Ukraine, for example, much of its hardware is in need of modernising.
And despite devoting ever more resources to defence, Russia still trails far behind the US in absolute terms. America spent $640bn in 2013 (down by 7.8%) – more than three times than China, with $188bn. China increased its defence expenditure by 7.4%, Saudi Arabia by as much as 14% (to $67bn). Spending on arms by Iraq and Bahrain increased by more than 25% during the same period. Military spending in the Middle East as a whole increased by 4% last year, reaching an estimated $150bn. The Saudi increase is partly owing to tensions with Iran, but also the desire to maintain strong and loyal security forces to insure against potential Arab spring-type protests, says Sipri.
It adds: "Maintaining regime survival in the face of internal opposition is also the likely motive for Bahrain's 26% increase."
Afghanistan accounted for the biggest increase in arms spending – 77%. "Not only did Afghanistan have the world's highest increase in military expenditure in 2013, at 77%, spending had risen by 557% over the decade since 2004," says Sipri.
It adds: "This huge increase is the result of Afghanistan's efforts to build its defence and security forces from scratch, heavily supported by foreign aid. The particularly large increase in 2013 is the result of an increase in salaries and wages for the Afghan national army, which reached its target goal of 195 000 soldiers in 2012, and as a result of preparations for the departure of most foreign forces at the end of 2014."
Military spending in Africa increased by more than 8% in 2013, reaching an estimated $44.9bn. Algeria became the first country on the continent with a military budget of more than $10bn. Angola increased its spending by 36%, overtaking South Africa as the largest military spender in sub-Saharan Africa. High oil revenues appear to be a factor driving greater spending in Algeria and Angola, the survey says.
"The increase in military spending in emerging and developing countries continues unabated", said Dr Sam Perlo-Freeman, director of Sipri's military expenditure programme. "While in some cases it is the natural result of economic growth or a response to genuine security needs, in other cases it represents a squandering of natural resource revenues, the dominance of autocratic regimes, or emerging regional arms races."
Moral Policing
College however accepts they don't allow girls to wear leggings, tight tops and jeans pants.
By Pheba Mathew
In keeping with the tradition of placing medieval restrictions on students in some of the colleges in Tamil Nadu, a well-known engineering college in Chennai is said to have released a set of regressive rules and regulations for its female students. After an image of the “special instructions for girls” was circulated online, the college, Sri Sai Ram Engineering College, has denied such a circular was issued.
The single-page list of rules and regulations had 22 pointers, all of them said to be “big no's” for girls.
The list includes a ban on wearing leggings, tight pants or tops, heavy earrings and even bars students from celebrating birthdays in the college campus. Designer watches cannot be worn, and girls are not allowed to talk to boys, according to the list.
The circular also states that students should not bring mobile phones, pen-drives and sim-cards to the campus. Even more bizarre is the rule that students should not bring sweets, chocolates and other snacks in bulk quantity to share with friends.
Responding to this document, the college Principal Dr. C.V Jayakumar of the Sri Sai Ram Engineering College said, “This is a move by someone who wanted to tarnish the image of our reputed college. The document does not have any authorized signature”.
Further, Dr. K. Maran, a professor said, “All the documents in our institution have the principal's signature before it is sent to others which clearly proves that it is a fake document”.
The college authorities also claimed that they have cultural events, sports day and symposiums. They also pointed to the 4th edition TEDx which happened in their college last week, stating that they were liberal about extra-curricular activities.
Talking about the uniform code however, college officials accepted that girls are not allowed to wear leggings, tight tops and jeans within the college and are only allowed to wear chudidars in the college campus.
College administrators defended themselves by saying that Sri Sai Ram Engineering College is considered to be among the top ten colleges in the state. They plan to lodge a complaint with the cyber-cell over the image which is being circulated online.
This however does not come as a shock to those who are aware of the strict impositions of rules in Tamil Nadu's engineering colleges. Read more about the gender-prisons of Tamil Nadu here, a special report on how some of the most popular colleges in Chennai practice gender discrimination, impose absurd rules and police students in the name of discipline and education.
SHOCK VIDEO=> UK Government Houses Highly Dangerous Jihadist ONE BLOCK From Elementary School
The UK government is apparently more concerned with the well-being of radical Jihadists from Syria than English school children.
One of England's most radical Sharia Law supporters, Abu Haleema, is housed just yards away from an English primary school where hundreds of children attend each day. The recent attack in Manchester shows that these monsters have no reservations when it comes to violence against the young and defenseless.
Abu Haleema (discussing homosexuality with reporter):
Below is a video with anti-Jihad activist, Tommy Robinson rightfully calling out the British government on the matter, via the Rebel Media:
This willful neglect from the UK government puts English children directly in harms way. As the victims of political correctness rise in the UK by the day, known Islamists are allowed to walk the streets, side by side with innocent and vulnerable citizens of all ages. Abu Haleema is one of 3,000 known jihadists that the British government monitors 24/7. The British government admits that there are as many as 20,000 more known jihadists that they simply cannot afford to monitor.
Activists like Tommy Robinson are tirelessly fighting to rid their neighborhoods of Islamic migrants who they share little to no cultural and moral values with. Perhaps attitudes would be different if the migrants showed even the slightest effort to assimilate to English society.
For the purpose of this article, assume we are building a simple blog app – our users can write blog posts and make comments on them. We're interested in the associations, or relationships, between the models. A single blog post belongs to a user and has many comments. Any given comment belongs to a user and a blog post. Finally, a user has many posts and has many comments.
Now, say we want to display a user with a list of their post titles and all of the comments made on those posts. In such a use case, posts are nested under the user and comments are nested under posts.
User -> Post -> Comment
We could start off by writing something along the lines of:
user = Blog . Repo . get ( Blog . User , ^ user_id ) # or via query expression user = Blog . Repo . one from user in Blog . User , where: user . id == ^ user_id
Trying to access posts on this user will give us an error:
cannot encode association :posts from Blog.User to JSON because the association was not loaded. Please make sure you have preloaded the association or remove it from the data to be encoded
It is letting us know that we must explicitly preload the data that we are accessing. This is good, as it prevents accidental N+1 queries from negatively affecting our performance. We can preload our associations with:
user = Blog . Repo . one from user in Blog . User , where: user . id == ^ user_id , preload: [ posts: :comments ]
Our query works and we can access user's posts and related comments. But, we are generating three queries – one to find our user, one to load its posts, and one for the comments.
SELECT u0."id", u0."name", u0."email", u0."inserted_at", u0."updated_at" FROM "users" AS u0 WHERE (u0."id" = $1) [1] SELECT p0."id", p0."title", p0."body", p0."user_id", p0."inserted_at", p0."updated_at", p0."user_id" FROM "posts" AS p0 WHERE (p0."user_id" = $1) ORDER BY p0."user_id" [1] SELECT c0."id", c0."body", c0."user_id", c0."post_id", c0."inserted_at", c0."updated_at", c0."post_id" FROM "comments" AS c0 WHERE (c0."post_id" = $1) ORDER BY c0."post_id" [1]
This isn't an N+1 problem, since it will only generate a query per preloaded association and not per each record. However, we've been taught that the fewer queries we make, the better it is. Could we have one query to load all the users plus their posts and comments? Yes, we can achieve that by using SQL joins and preloading our associations directly into the structs:
user = Blog . Repo . one from user in Blog . User , where: user . id == ^ user_id , left_join: posts in assoc ( user , :posts ), left_join: comments in assoc ( posts , :comments ), preload: [ posts: { posts , comments: comments }]
Success! We preloaded all of our data using SQL joins by generating a single query:
SELECT u0 . " id" , u0 . " name" , u0 . " email" , u0 . " inserted_at" , u0 . " updated_at" , p1 . " id" , p1 . " title" , p1 . " body" , p1 . " user_id" , p1 . " inserted_at" , p1 . " updated_at" , c2 . " id" , c2 . " body" , c2 . " user_id" , c2 . " post_id" , c2 . " inserted_at" , c2 . " updated_at" FROM " users" AS u0 LEFT OUTER JOIN " posts" AS p1 ON p1 . " user_id" = u0 . " id" LEFT OUTER JOIN " comments" AS c2 ON c2 . " post_id" = p1 . " id" WHERE ( u0 . " id" = $ 1 ) [ 1 ]
However, it can be a bit cryptic trying to figure out what is going on in that Ecto expression. Let's break it down:
First, we create a binding for the user's data, in this case user (it can be named anything, like u or foo as long as it's consistent in the query expression).
(it can be named anything, like or as long as it's consistent in the query expression). Next, we tell our left_join clause what tables to join – join the posts table using the user_id foreign key, then join the comments table using the post_id foreign key.
clause what tables to join – join the table using the foreign key, then join the table using the foreign key. Finally, we preload the joined data into our posts and comments struct bindings. Again, these can be named anything, but must match throughout the entire expression.
The preload syntax for nested associations looks a bit odd at first, but it really is just a list of key-value pairs (where value can be an atom, a tuple or a list). Imagine if our users also had multiple file uploads and we wanted to preload those too, we'd write:
preload: [ posts: { posts , comments: comments }, uploads: uploads ]
Ecto provides two different types of syntax for queries: keyword-based and pipe-based (also called macro-based). So far, we've been using the keyword-based query syntax. Much of Elixir code is written with the help of the pipe |> operator, thus we'll re-write our query using pipe-based expression which favors the pipe.
user = Blog . User |> where ([ user ], user . id == ^ user_id ) |> join ( :left , [ user ], posts in assoc ( user , :posts )) |> join ( :left , [ user , posts ], comments in assoc ( posts , :comments )) |> preload ([ user , posts , comments ], [ posts: { posts , comments: comments }]) |> Blog . Repo . one
Looks nice, doesn't it? But there's a slight disadvantage of having to specify the bindings for every operation. Because we are chaining individual functions, the names of the bindings don't have to be consistent across refinement queries, and we can write our expression as:
user = Blog . User |> where ([ user ], user . id == ^ user_id ) |> join ( :left , [ u ], _ in assoc ( u , :posts )) |> join ( :left , [ _ , posts ], _ in assoc ( posts , :comments )) |> preload ([ _ , p , c ], [ posts: { p , comments: c }]) |> Blog . Repo . one
One last thing worth pointing out about bindings is that they are positional. We cannot re-arrange them like [comments, user, posts] . However, if we only need the first binding, we don't have to specify the rest. Thus, in our join queries we only specify bindings for user and posts. Further, a ... operator allows us to avoid listing out bindings which we don't care about. For example, say we only needed the first and the last binding in our query expression, we could write our bindings as [user, ..., comments] , independently of how many bindings are in between (can be zero or many). Since we don't need a binding for the user in our preload , we can write it as:
preload ([ ... , posts , comments ], [ posts: { posts , comments: comments }])
You can read more about preloading associations in the official Ecto docs. This article was written using Ecto 2.1.2.
A man has been arrested on charges of video voyeurism after police say he was filming with a camera phone in the locker room of a Planet Fitness.Bentonville police said 25-year-old Jordan Rufo has been charged with video voyeurism.Police were called to the Planet Fitness on Westpark Drive on Sunday after a man says he saw a camera phone being held above the shower curtain in the locker room. A witness says he heard the victim yell and saw the suspect run out of the room.Rufo was arrested at the scene, police said.
A man has been arrested on charges of video voyeurism after police say he was filming with a camera phone in the locker room of a Planet Fitness.
Bentonville police said 25-year-old Jordan Rufo has been charged with video voyeurism.
Advertisement
Police were called to the Planet Fitness on Westpark Drive on Sunday after a man says he saw a camera phone being held above the shower curtain in the locker room. A witness says he heard the victim yell and saw the suspect run out of the room.
Rufo was arrested at the scene, police said.
AlertMe
Today, we're happy to announce the release of Creately for FogBugz, a brand-new plugin for everyone's favourite software project management and bug-tracking system, FogBugz from FogCreek Software.
Creately for FogBugz lets everyone on your project team communicate clearly by easily creating and including diagrams in FogBugz. With full integration into the FogBugz interface, you can easily add Use Cases, Wireframes, Flowcharts, UML or any other diagrams to FogBugz cases and wiki pages.
Squash'Em Bugs
Bugs fixing will go a lot smoother when you can clearly explain the issues to developers. As they say, a picture is worth a thousand words, so get everyone on the same page by adding annotated wireframes, or updated Use Cases to every FogBugz case. Anyone working on the case can edit and and modify diagrams as the case or feature is worked on.
Up-to-date Documentation
The ability to quickly add diagrams directly within Wiki pages will make documenting your software projects a lot less of a chore. No more attaching external Visio files, and no more expensive desktop-based software. With Creately for FogBugz, the whole team can update project documentation right within the browser, saving time and more importantly helping keep your specifications up-to-date.
Get it now!
Creately for FogBugz plugin is available for installation on your own Fogbugz server starting from $85/user with bulk discounts available for larger teams. Currently we only support Fogbugz on the Windows platform, but a Linux and hosted version for FogBugz OnDemand will be announced shortly.
Download Free 14-day trial
Installation Help
Give yourself the advantage of Creately for Fogbugz by purchasing your license right now or if your not quite ready you can also download the free 14-day trial.
CHELTENHAM Gold Cup winning trainer, Jim Culloty, warned that rural Ireland is under siege after thieves stole more than €15,000 from his racing stables.
CHELTENHAM Gold Cup winning trainer, Jim Culloty, warned that rural Ireland is under siege after thieves stole more than €15,000 from his racing stables.
The thieves raided the Mount Corbitt racing yard outside Churchtown, Co Cork at exactly the same time as the three-time Cheltenham Gold Cup winning jockey was masterminding his first victory as trainer with Lord Windermere.
They fled with the trainer's 2007 Toyota Hilux 4x4 as well as assorted equipment, including generators, a chainsaw and tools.
A garda manhunt is now under way for the thieves, who escaped with over €15,000 in goods.
Mr Culloty warned that his story was no different to thousands of other householders and farmers around rural Ireland who have been targeted by "a plague of robberies and burglaries" over recent years.
"The number of thefts is definitely on the increase. The whole thing has gone beyond a joke. Something has to be done," he said.
"The whole thing is a scandal . . . I feel sorry for the gardai. The thieves don't give a damn because they know even if they are caught they will probably be treated leniently by the courts," he said.
Mr Culloty said the real tragedy was that thousands of rural dwellers now lived nightly in fear of their properties being targeted by criminal gangs.
The thieves did not attempt to break into Mr Culloty's two- storey farmhouse home located just 50m from his stables and storehouses.
SURVEILLANCE
The house has an elaborate alarm system to protect Mr Culloty's racing memorabilia and trophies, which now include four Cheltenham gold tankards.
Gardai suspect the thieves had mounted surveillance on Mount Corbitt, which has electronic security gates and CCTV security camera systems.
The trainer said he was not going to allow the thieves to spoil his Cheltenham celebrations.
"I got a call on Friday to tell me what had happened. But not for one second did it spoil winning the Gold Cup. No one was hurt so that is a bit of a relief. But the most disappointing thing is that the gardai seem to think the thieves had local knowledge.
The thieves fled through a rear gate to the property – and were so well prepared they had taken it off its hinges rather than make noise by attempting to smash its padlock.
The trainer and his jockeys, Davey Russell and Robbie McNamara, arrived home to a heroes' welcome in Churchtown last Sunday from the legendary Cotswolds venue.
"They obviously saw myself and my wife and children were over there in Cheltenham and decided to strike," he added.
Mr Culloty and Davy Russell proudly displayed five Cheltenham gold tankards in the stable yard – two from Lord Windermere and three from Mr Culloty's triple Gold Cup triumphs with Best Mate as a jockey.
Mr Culloty is now one of only four men to have recorded success in the Cheltenham Gold Cup as both a winning jockey and trainer.
Irish Independent
Congo Bill, a tamer of wild animals, intends to find Ruth Culver, a missing woman who has just inherited the Culver Circus, worth half a million dollars. He has heard of the existence somewhere in Africa of a white queen who might be Ruth. Once on the African continent, Congo Bill's safari gets attacked several times. The man behind all that is none other than Andre Bocar, a trafficker in cahoots with Bernie MacGraw, who hopes to capture the Culver inheritance. With the help of Cameron, a mysterious stranger, Congo Bill manages to locate Lureen, the white queen, who turns out to be Ruth Culver as the tamer had guessed. But trouble is not at an end yet. Indeed Nagu, the witch doctor, who smuggles gold with Bocar, tries to get rid of Congo Bill. To no avail, for Bill and Cameron (who happens to be a colonial officer) recover the gold and capture Bocar. Congo Bill returns to the USA with Lureen/Ruth with a view to creating new circus, even bigger than the former one. Written by Guy Bellinger
Jennifer Andrews is a military spouse who recently moved to Fort Bragg with her husband Brian. She wrote to me about their experiences getting settled in, and it's quite unsettling.
I grew up in the Buffalo area in NY and lived there my entire life, until I married my husband and relocated to Ft Bragg. My first experience with the locals here was at the housing office on post, trying to move into government housing. On our way out the door, the woman asked us if we'd found a church yet. We said “No, we just got here.” She invited us to come to her Baptist church in Hope Mills; our response was that we aren't Baptist. Naturally her next question was “Oh! Well what are you, then?” My husband and I quickly told her that we're Catholic, since that was how our parents attempted to raise us, and it was what we were most familiar with. We didn't want to tell her that we're atheists, even though it was the truth, because we thought she would “lose” our housing application. Her answer to that? “Oh! Well our pastor draws inspiration from the Catholic Church all the time, you'd fit right in! You know, I go to a lot of churches to pray, sometimes I even go to a Jewish synagogue because everyone here accepts Jesus Christ as our Lord and Savior!” …right. Our interactions with any locals haven't improved much since. My family doctor is off-post and I had to argue with the Nurse Practitioner that “no religious preference” is NOT the same as atheist. It's things like this that make me genuinely nervous to live down here as opposed to NY, where no one cared what you were as long as you didn't throw it in their face, uninvited. That said, I just wanted to thank you for putting so much effort into creating a haven, even online, for members of the secular community. It gives my husband and I a lot of hope that things might change for the better eventually, but mostly, we're just grateful that we're not alone. We're very excited to to attend Rock Beyond Belief–thank you for working so hard to make sure it actually happens.
I asked her for some sort of picture. And holy shit, did she ever deliver.
I do have a picture of the decal he just put on his truck window on Friday, as a response to those experiences and how his mom handled finding out that her son is godless. We're surprised it hasn't been vandalized yet!
Funny you should mention it.
I have the same decal on my car, albeit much smaller. Mine is metal, and pretty well a-fixed to the back of my car. You can see key-scratches if you get up close. I used to have a much less contentious sticker next to it, a gift from the AHA. It said “Don't Believe in God? You are not alone.”
The top part of the sticker (the part that read: “Don't Believe in God”) was scratched and peeled off about 3 months after I slapped it on. It's been nearly a year now, and it's weathered off nearly completely. I now have a bunch of atheist stickers, patches, buttons, and other merch in my possession. But I've been saving them as giveaways for the local MASH Fort Bragg group of military atheists.
Which reminds me. Jennifer and Brian, WHY HAVEN'T I SEEN YOU THERE?! HUH?!?? 🙂 But seriously, I think yours has a good chance of survival. It's really fucking big, and I think that works in your favor. If it's on the inside of your truck's window, even better.
Duality of man
Before the accommodationists protest the T. rex, I just want to urge you not to waste your breath (or keystrokes, rather.) There is room in this movement for all approaches, firebrand and interfaith both work. Also, don't pigeonhole yourself into ‘just checking one box.' I play every situation by ear, successfully adopting many approaches over the years.
If you are still confused about the plurality of approaches, just remember this classic scene from Full Metal Jacket.
www.youtube.com/embed/KMEViYvojtY?
Classic.
“Christians drive like shit.”
(continued below the fold)
Also, when I see a Jesus Fish on the back of a car in front of me – I don't think “Oh, I hate this damn Christian! GRRRR!” Not at all. Instead, I tell my buddy to call work to tell them we might be late. It's like a badge of honor for slow drivers.
Here's a fun song by lo-fi art-damaged punkers that keep it really minimal. The lead singer basically just repeats the title over and over, but I dig it.
John Wesley Coleman III – “Christians Drive Like Shit”
Conversely – while we're on the topic of the duality of man… I hate it when atheists suggest that there is absolutely no good ‘Christian music'. There simply is some. Admittedly, the shit-to-gold ratio is extreme in the genre, but there are some amazing artists.
Daniel Johnston – I Had Lost My Mind
www.youtube.com/embed/sKIRN7c4G7Y?
That song was not religious, but it's the best introduction to his music. You simply must watch the breathtaking documentary about him, “The Devil and Daniel Johnston”. I can't stress how amazing this film is. I believe the whole thing is free on YouTube now, check it out. Your life sucks without knowing the sheer humanity of this man's struggles with mental disorders, overbearing religious parents, and obsession with girls, the Beatles, Jesus, and the Devil.
And yeah, I could make a long list of Christian music that doesn't suck. All of it is underground – even within (or maybe especially within) the Christian music industry.
BRUSSELS, Belgium–He turns 80 this year but still looks 18, with the same fair-haired quiff. Like Madonna and Sting, two other famous blonds, he goes by one name. Mention him and a European is likely to cheer, while an American is more apt to go, "Huh?" But that's destined to change now that Steven Spielberg is making a movie based on his life.
A visitor looks at original letters and an enlarged cartoon of Tintin and his dog Snowy by Belgian cartoonist Herge at Pompidou Cultural Centre on Dec. 19, 2006 in Paris. ( JACQUES BRINON / ASSOCIATED PRESS )
He is Tintin, intrepid cub reporter and nemesis of evildoers, whose long career in numerous cartoon strips and comic books, with faithful dog Snowy at his side, has made him one of Belgium's most celebrated exports (up there with chocolate and waffles). His slightly nondescript but instantly recognizable face is everywhere in Brussels these days, stamped on magnets, posters, keyrings and other souvenirs to commemorate the 80th anniversary of his creation. Academics comb the cartoons for clues to Tintin's ontological meaning and his sexuality. A $20 million museum devoted to his creator is set to open in June outside the Belgian capital. And amplifying all the buzz is a big-budget 3-D adaptation (using a high-tech motion-capture process) from Spielberg, who bought the movie rights to Tintin's adventures more than 25 years ago. Joining Spielberg on the project, envisioned as a trilogy of films, is director Peter Jackson of Lord of the Rings fame. The first part of filming just wrapped in Los Angeles.
Article Continued Below
In a neat bit of foreshadowing in 1932's Tintin in America, his sole voyage to the States, a victorious Tintin finds himself surrounded by paparazzi and a Hollywood agent who shouts: "Paranoid Productions are starring you in their billion-dollar movie spectacular!" Spielberg's first Tintin film is budgeted at $130 million-plus. Not too shabby a fate for an illustrated, French-speaking eternal Boy Scout whose humble origins trace to a conservative Roman Catholic magazine in Belgium between the world wars. "Tintin is a pure Belgian product, with a universal impact," said Claude Javeau, a professor emeritus at the Free University of Brussels. The character's action-packed international romps gave Belgians a window on the wider world from their small country, while fans across the globe, especially fellow Europeans, embraced his unassuming, kindhearted and resourceful personality. It also helped that Snowy was adorable. Tintin sprang from the brain and pen of a young man named Georges Remi, who drew under the name Herge (his initials transposed and pronounced in French). The budding artist worked for the 20th Century, a newspaper run by a right-wing priest who sought to promulgate Catholic values.
At the time, that meant anti-communism, and so Tintin's debut in Tintin in the Land of the Soviets was a breathless thriller set in a Soviet Union full of boorish apparatchiks and "poor idiots who still believe in a `Red Paradise.' " Herge would later regret those depictions, as well as less-than-flattering portrayals of Africans and Jews in subsequent tales. But his hero's first outing was a hit, and Herge went on to rework the formula in 23 more adventures over the next 50 years, in books that have been translated into dozens of languages.
Article Continued Below
In every adventure, Tintin lands in hot water – "This time I'm done for!" is a frequent refrain – but a combination of quick thinking, luck and help from Snowy enables him to outfox his enemies. He manages to evade even his editors, for, despite being a reporter, he is only ever once shown writing anything. "When I was a young child, I read Tintin and loved it. When I was older, I continued to read it. And now I am much older, and I continue to enjoy them," said Benoit Peeters, a Belgian cartoonist who knew Herge well. "This is very rare. You have some comics for children, others for adults. This is for everyone. You can say Peanuts by Charles Schulz has the same quality. Not many have." Like Peanuts, the Tintin books are unremittingly wholesome. Modest to a fault, Tintin himself is almost never less than a paragon of old-fashioned virtue, which is unsurprising, given that Herge modelled him on a previous creation named Totor, a Boy Scout leader. Herge's own strong moralizing impulse meant that his stories contained hardly a hint of sex or alcohol – except, in the latter case, as a comically corrupting influence. Toward the end of his life, Herge eliminated depictions of smoking as well, Javeau said. But there was a darker side to the conservative rectitude. During World War II, Herge agreed to publish his Tintin strips in the newspaper Le Soir, a mouthpiece for Nazi occupying forces that spewed pernicious anti-Jewish propaganda. His defenders contend that Herge was simply being politically naive, but a recent authorized biography suggests that, though not a Nazi, Herge was not unaware of what Le Soir stood for. Traces of anti-Semitic stereotypes crop up in some Tintin books but were excised from later editions. Even more distasteful, at least to modern eyes, is Tintin's adventure in what was then the Belgian Congo, in which the Africans are rendered with ludicrously large lips and portrayed as little more than savages in need of civilization and a proper work ethic. Americans did not fare too well under Herge's hand either, which could help explain why Tintin never caught on in the United States. In Tintin in America, he jousts with "Red Indians," rapacious oil barons and a gaggle of Chicago mobsters, including Al Capone, the only real-life villain ever to be featured in a Tintin story. Tintin's relative obscurity in the United States and his huge reputation in Europe will pose a double challenge to Spielberg and his Adventures of Tintin: Secret of the Unicorn, which stars two British actors, Jamie Bell and Daniel Craig, as Tintin and the villain, respectively.
The California Junior College Lacrosse Association (CJCLA) was formed in 2013 and is dedicated to expanding junior college lacrosse opportunities for the student-athletes of California. Membership in the CJCLA is open to any California junior college lacrosse program that is officially recognized as a student club by their institution.
The CJCLA mission is to provide new program assistance and consultation, student-athlete eligibility requirements, and hosting of the CJCLA Championship Tournament at the conclusion of the regular season. Different from NCAA, MCLA and other college lacrosse leagues, CJCLA play their season during the fall semester.
CJCLA is currently not sanctioned by California Community College Athletic Association (CCCAA) and is governed by its own elected leadership.[1]
History [ edit ]
In December 2013 Diablo Valley College Vikings were crowned the first CJCLA champion[2] after a perfect 5-0 season. DVC were awarded "The Little Oak Barrel" championship trophy.
Diablo Valley College Vikings repeated as CJCLA champions in 2014, defeating Santa Barbara City College 15-9 on December 6, 2014.
Teams [ edit ]
Championship history [ edit ]
Leadership [ edit ]
President: Matt Blamey
Vice President - Growth & Development: Terry Armstrong
Vice President - Business Operations: Don Fagen
Fitness Advisor: Brian Rutherford
Art Director: Mathias Armstrong
SoCal Liaison: Brian Ponzi
Vanna White and Pat Sajak | Photo Credits: Paul Warner/WireImage More
Can we buy a vowel ... err a shot of vodka?
Longtime Wheel of Fortune host Pat Sajak says he used to host the popular game show drunk. "When I first started and was much younger and could tolerate those things," Sajak tells Dan Le Batard of "Dan Le Batard is Highly Questionable." "We had a different show then."
Watch videos of Pat Sajak
The 65-year-old, who has hosted Wheel of Fortune since 1981, says he and right-hand woman Vanna White used to go to a local Mexican restaurant in Burbank during their two-and-a-half hour dinner breaks. That break gave the duo more than enough time to knock a couple margaritas back before the night tapings. "Vanna and I would go across and have two or three or six and then come and do the last shows and have trouble recognizing the alphabet. They're really great tapes to get a hold of," Sajak said. "I had a great time. I have no idea if the shows were any good, but no one said anything, so I guess I did OK."
Unfortunately, margaritas — or any sort of alcohol for that matter — no longer play a part in Sajak's hosting routine. "I would be hesitant to have anything to drink now," he said. What a _arty _oo_er.
Watch Sajak's interview here:
Related Articles on TVGuide.com
An obscure bureaucratic policy that allowed IRS officials to target conservative and Tea Party tax exemption applicants during the 2010 and 2012 election campaigns is still in place, meaning the same abuses may be continuing, according to a nonprofit government watchdog.
The federal tax agency's policy requires IRS officials to stop processing tax-exempt applications that are “likely to attract media or congressional attention,” the Cause of Action Institute said in a report made public Wednesday.
The policy also directs IRS officials to prepare “sensitive case reports” for their supervisors and to ignore “the merits of the application” if it involved a newsworthy topic.
“Targeting was — and is — IRS policy, not a violation of it,” the report said, noting that the policy is still in place. “As a result, American taxpayers are at risk for similar treatment in the future.” (RELATED: Real Power Behind IRS Conservative Targeting Scandal Still A Mystery)
“In halting the applications, preparing such reports and referring the matter to supervisors, including political appointees, IRS employees behaved exactly as agency rules dictated,” the report continued.
The IRS delayed hundreds of applications from conservative and Tea Party groups beginning in 2010. A federal court recently ruled the IRS is still targeting groups using the policy. (RELATED: Federal Judge Says IRS Still Targeting Tea Party With Classic ‘Catch-22')
The policy “automatically politicizes the process in an attempt to avoid potential embarrassment,” according to the report. Partisan officials can use the “vague and open-ended” policy “to selectively delay and obstruct those applications receiving higher scrutiny without a way to hold the officials accountable for their decisions.” (RELATED: Justice Dept. Had ‘Powerful Case' For IRS Targeting Charges)
“Issues that attract ‘media or congressional attention' are usually political in nature, and reliance on such a criterion means that the process itself cannot avoid partisan bias,” the report continued, noting low-level employees could delay tax-exempt applications after watching a single TV news story.
Cincinnati-based IRS tax specialist Jack Koester referred a Tea Party group's tax exempt application to a supervisor one year after Tea Part rallies began. Cause of Action Institute called it the “patient zero” for forthcoming problems.
The application was passed up the chain of command until supervisors determined to hold it until Washington managers decided how to proceed.
“This same procedure was followed in the numerous Tea Party applications that followed,” the report said. “In most of those matters, the higher-level decision on how to proceed would not come for several years.”
Cause of Action Institute noted that “one theme was consistent” while the original case was passed around among managers — “concern about media attention,” the report said. “Five separate levels of management cited that concern specifically, including the reference to potential embarrassment, while no mention at all was made of workload concerns, novel legal questions, or other similar rationales.”
The targeting became more elaborate over the following months, and the agency created “be on the lookout” lists ordering officials to hold all “Tea Party” or “patriot” applications. (RELATED: New FBI Docs Show IRS Tea Party Applications To ‘Black Hole')
Regardless, the IRS hasn't changed its policy, even after an inspector general report, five in-depth congressional reports and extensive news coverage.
“Seven years after the targeting scandal began, the rule that enabled this inexcusable behavior still exists,” the report said. “Until that rule is removed from the internal manual used by all IRS employees, targeting of political opponents will remain a very real threat.”
Cause of Action Institute noted that the IRS has the authority to change its policy without legislation.
“Given the amount of criticism the IRS has received regarding its targeting practices, it is hard to believe the agency has not yet taken the steps needed to remedy the problem,” the report said.
Follow Ethan on Twitter. Send tips to ethan@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mr Carney emphasised that any increases in interest rates would be "gradual"
The pound has risen near to a five year high after the governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, signalled interest rates may rise this year.
Sterling rose 0.32% against the dollar to $1.698, while against the euro it was up 0.15% at 1.251 euros.
In a keynote speech, Mr Carney said a rate rise "could happen sooner than markets currently expect".
The consensus among economists was that rates would rise in the first half of next year, or even earlier.
BBC economics editor Robert Peston says that although the comments point to an increase this year, any rise "will be small and gradual".
Meanwhile, economists said market interest rates had risen 10 basis points on Friday morning - immediately raising business borrowing costs - while the futures markets had already priced in interest rate hikes.
Alan Clarke, eurozone and UK economist at Scotiabank, said Mr Carney had a habit of making big shifts in policy.
He said: "Three weeks ago he [Mr Carney] was dovish, now he is in camp hawk. He's not a steady Eddie, he's a bit more volatile."
Mr Carney was speaking in London on Thursday at the annual Mansion House dinner attended by City and business grandees.
'Gradual'
He acknowledged there was "already great speculation about the exact timing of the first rate hike" from the current record low of 0.5%, adding that the decision was "becoming more balanced".
Mr Carney emphasised that there was "no pre-set course" on when to raise rates. There was more spare capacity in the economy that would need to be used up first, he said.
And he also reiterated that the timing of the first rise was less important than the speed at which subsequent increases were made.
"We expect that eventual increases in Bank rate will be gradual and limited," he said.
Speaking at the Mansion House just before Mr Carney, Chancellor George Osborne confirmed plans to give the Bank new powers to prevent the housing market from overheating.
These will include capping the size of mortgage loans relative to income or to the value of the house.
The new powers would be given to the Bank's Financial Policy Committee by the end of this Parliament, Mr Osborne said.
He said: "We saw from the last crisis the dangerous temptations for politicians to leave the punch bowl where it is and keep the party going on for too long.
'Reserve power'
"I want to make sure that the Bank of England has all the weapons it needs to guard against risks in the housing market.
"I want to protect those who own homes, protect those who aspire to own a home, and protect the millions who suffer when boom turns to bust."
Former chancellor Lord Lawson told the BBC's Radio 4 Today programme the Bank of England's new powers to restrict mortgages were necessary as a backstop, as banks lent irresponsibly because they felt they were "too big to fail".
He added: "I do think it should be very much a last resort, a reserve power. The problem is that clearly the banks shouldn't lend irresponsibly. Why, then, do they?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption George Osborne: "There is no immediate cause for alarm"
"The conquest of the too-big-to-fail problem is a major unresolved problem and that's what I would like to see George Osborne focus on."
Mr Osborne also announced reforms to planning laws designed to increase the supply of housing. These should provide permission for up to 200,000 new homes, the government says.
The chancellor said the housing market did not pose an immediate threat to financial stability, but that if left unchecked, it could do so in the future.
In response, mortgage lenders said that a cap on the size of mortgage loans was unlikely to be "the first tool in the box" to cool the housing market.
Analysis: Jonty Bloom, BBC Business Correspondent
Mark Carney was headhunted from Canada to be the Governor of the Bank of England.
That is why his speeches are occasionally enlivened with obscure references to ice hockey, moose or, as in Thursday's speech, a rather strained metaphor linking central banking to canoeing.
But it was a much less colourful line in the speech that grabbed the headlines.
The first rate hike "could happen sooner than markets currently expect", he said.
Let me translate from Canadian. Everyone has been betting interest rates won't rise this year. They are wrong.
Until Thursday, the consensus was that rates would stay at 0.5% for until at least the beginning of next year and possibly longer.
But the economy is now growing far more strongly than predicted, and that means the Bank is thinking about when to raise rates and calm things down.
Image copyright AP Image caption The massive anti-government rallies have left the country in political deadlock for nearly a month
Thailand's main opposition Democrat Party has announced it will boycott snap elections set for 2 February.
Party leader Abhisit Vejjajiva told a news conference it would not be fielding candidates, saying: "Thai politics is at a failed stage".
Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra called the election earlier this month in a bid to end weeks of mass protests.
The head of the Thai army has warned the country's political divisions could "trigger a civil war".
General Prayuth Chan-ocha has proposed a "people's assembly" - made up of civilians from both sides, not the leaders, to heal the divisions.
Analysis For the second time in a decade, Thailand's oldest political party is boycotting an election. The Democrat Party's many critics accuse it of turning its back on democracy because it cannot win elections. It has lost the last five to parties led or funded by Thaksin Shinawatra. This was a tough decision for the Democrats. For days the party was split over which way to go. Many of its supporters and MPs have thrown their weight behind the street protest movement, led by ex-Democrat powerbroker Suthep Thaugsuban. They argued there was no point in competing in an electoral system where Mr Thaksin has built up such a loyal following among voters in the north and north-east. But there are those in the party who see just as much risk in a boycott; a risk not only to their reputation - one government minister has already accused them of preparing the ground for a military coup, which happened after their last boycott in 2006 - but also to their very existence. If the election goes ahead as scheduled on 2 February, the Democrat constituencies will eventually be occupied by other parties, with all the power and influence that goes with that, and the Democrats could fall apart. But then, after so many defeats, there are some in the party who believe an entirely fresh start might actually be good for it.
The opposition-backed protests in Bangkok have caused Thailand's most serious political turmoil since 2010.
Ms Yingluck won the last elections in 2011, but protesters say her brother - the controversial ousted former leader Thaksin Shinawatra - remains in charge.
'Lost faith'
At his news conference, Mr Abhisit told reporters his party had agreed it would not field candidates in the snap elections.
"The Thai people have lost their faith in the democratic system," he said.
The prime minister dissolved parliament and called the election on 9 December in a bid, she said, to avoid violence on the streets and "to give back the power to the Thai people".
Her Pheu Thai party has a majority in parliament, and draws significant support from Thailand's rural areas. It is seen as well-placed to win February's election.
General Prayuth Chan-ocha said he was deeply concerned by the latest crisis, with divisions not just in Bangkok but across the whole country.
"The situation could trigger a civil war," he told the Bangkok Post.
Setting out his vision of a "people's assembly", he said it should be made up of people from both sides of the political divide - known as the "red shirts", those who support Thaksin Shinawatra, and the "yellow shirts", those who oppose him.
"It must be from a neutral group and comprise non-core representatives of all colours, and all colour leaders must be excluded," he said.
He did not give details on how or when the assembly would be set up, but said any proposal "must come from a public consensus and the public must brainstorm how to reach that consensus".
He stressed his grouping would be different to the "people's council" proposed by the opposition.
Thailand's troubles Sept 2006: Army overthrows government of Thaksin Shinawatra, rewrites constitution
Army overthrows government of Thaksin Shinawatra, rewrites constitution Dec 2007: Pro-Thaksin People Power Party wins most votes in election
Pro-Thaksin People Power Party wins most votes in election Aug 2008: Mr Thaksin flees into self-imposed exile before end of corruption trial
Mr Thaksin flees into self-imposed exile before end of corruption trial Dec 2008: Mass yellow-shirt protests paralyse Bangkok; Constitutional Court bans People Power Party; Abhisit Vejjajiva comes to power
Mass yellow-shirt protests paralyse Bangkok; Constitutional Court bans People Power Party; Abhisit Vejjajiva comes to power Mar-May 2010: Thousands of pro-Thaksin red shirts occupy parts of Bangkok; eventually cleared by army; dozens killed
Thousands of pro-Thaksin red shirts occupy parts of Bangkok; eventually cleared by army; dozens killed July 2011: Yingluck Shinawatra leads Pheu Thai party to general election win
Yingluck Shinawatra leads Pheu Thai party to general election win Nov 2013: Anti-government protesters begin street demonstrations
Anti-government protesters begin street demonstrations Dec 2013: Opposition MPs resign; Ms Yingluck calls elections
"The people's assembly must not be organised or sponsored by any conflicting group, as it would not be accepted by the other side," he said.
His comments came after a defence council meeting on Friday to discuss the 2 February election.
Defence spokesman Col Thanatip Sawangsaeng said the army "is ready to support the Election Commission in organising the elections when asked".
But a military source has told the BBC that privately the army believes it would be better for the election to be delayed - as sought by the opposition parties.
Protests began nearly a month ago after Thailand's lower house passed a controversial amnesty bill, which critics said could allow Thaksin Shinawatra to return without serving time in jail.
Mr Thaksin is currently in self-imposed exile after he was overthrown in a military army coup in 2006 and convicted of corruption.
The protesters say the former prime minister remains the power behind the ruling Pheu Thai party, and accuse it of using public funds irresponsibly to secure votes.
Thanks to new tools from IBM, developers will be able to write and run applications entirely in the cloud using Apple's Swift programming language.
Experiment in the Swift sandbox: Quickly experiment with open sourced Swift, ramp up your skill set and learn what Swift can do for your enterprise by checking out new enhancements to the Swift Sandbox.
Quickly experiment with open sourced Swift, ramp up your skill set and learn what Swift can do for your enterprise by checking out new enhancements to the Swift Sandbox. Develop and deploy: Start building end-to-end applications on Bluemix and quickly deploy them with Kitura, a new open source web server released by IBM, on both OS X and Linux.
Start building end-to-end applications on Bluemix and quickly deploy them with Kitura, a new open source web server released by IBM, on both OS X and Linux. Share Swift resources: Leverage code across projects by creating packages and submitting them to the Swift Package Catalog on Bluemix to encourage sharing of new Swift resources with the global developer community.
In a move aimed at simplifying the development of end-to-end development of apps, IBM is the first cloud computing provider to enable the development of applications in native Swift. The next phase of IBM's roadmap brings Swift to the cloud with a preview of Swift runtime, as well as a Swift Package Catalog to help developers create enterprise apps.There are three ways developers can now use Swift on the IBM Cloud:IBM touted its role as one of the largest users of Swift for mobile app development. Big Blue said its understanding of Swift and knowledge in assisting enterprises will maximize "the true potential" for server-side Swift."Modern digital apps require a modern programming language. Swift is easy-to-learn, reliable, fast and interactive, the key traits that CIOs look for when building the next generation of enterprise mobile apps," said Michael Gilfix, vice president of IBM MobileFirst Offering Management. "Swift on the Cloud is an opportunity for enterprises to radically simplify the development of end-to-end applications and therefore reach new levels of productivity."According to IBM, bringing Swift to the server will break down barriers between front-end and back-end development. This will enable enterprises to use a single language to build rich experiences and back-end business logic.Swift on the server will also allow developers to have a simpler and more secure toolchain for end-to-end creation of applications.Apple and IBM laid the groundwork for Swift development in the cloud last December , when Apple made Swift open source, and IBM introduced a simple browser-based way for developers to get started writing code.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who will accompany President Trump on his trip to Asia, didn't exactly get a ringing endorsement from the commander-in-chief — who said “We'll see” whether the top diplomat serves out the duration of Trump's term.
During a Fox News interview Thursday, Trump was asked by host Laura Ingraham whether Tillerson “would be with you for the duration.”
“We'll see. I don't know who's going to be [here for the] duration,” the president replied — also noting that Tillerson was “working hard” and “doing his best.”
Trump also dismissed the notion that State Department vacancies were affecting his ability carry out his foreign policy agenda.
“We don't need all the people they want us to get,” Trump said. “I am a business person. When you don't need to fill slots, don't fill them. We don't need all the people they want us to get.
“Let me tell you ― the one that matters is me. I'm the only one that matters because when it comes to it, that's what the policy is going to be.
“We have some people that I'm not happy with there,” he added, in a possible reference to holdovers from the Obama administration.
The relationship between Trump and Tillerson has been fraying ever since NBC News reported last month that Tillerson considered quitting in the summer, at one point reportedly referring to Trump as a “moron.”
The White House called the report “fake news” and Tillerson, in a rare news conference, denied that he threatened to resign.
“I have never considered leaving this post,” he said at the time. “My commitment to the success of our president and our country is as strong as it was the day I accepted his offer to serve as secretary of state.”
Tillerson has refused to deny that he called Trump a “moron” after hearing him say he wanted a tenfold increase in the nuclear arsenal.
“I'm not going to deal with that kind of petty stuff,” he said.
Trump had publicly criticized Tillerson's diplomatic efforts amid North Korean despot Kim Jong-un's nuclear threats.
Tillerson is “wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man,” Trump tweeted on Oct. 1, adding that the US will “do what has to be done!”
Related Video 1:01 Tillerson insists he didn't threaten to resign
Hillary Clinton is facing more questions about her close ties to Wall Street financial institutions. Last week, the New York Times urged Clinton to release transcripts of her highly-compensated speeches to Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs.
The paid speeches are just a slim chapter of her relationship with financial titans. According to Clinton Foundation records, Wall Street financial institutions have donated around $40 million to the eponymous family foundation.
As a non-profit, the Clinton Foundation isn't legally required to disclose its donors or contributions. The Foundation has publicly disclosed some contributions on its website. It only provides ranges for contributions, e.g. $1-5 million, and doesn't detail when the contribution was made or for what purpose, if any.
Here's the chart of contributions from Wall Street to the Clinton Foundation.
Four major Wall Street institutions stand out; Barclays, Barclays Capitol, Goldman Sachs and Citi. Each are listed as given between $1 million and $5 million to the Foundation. Citigroup, UBS, Banc of California and Bank of America are listed as giving up to $1 million to the Foundation.
All together, contributions from readily identifiable Wall Street institutions to the Foundation total somewhere between $11 million and $41 million in contributions. If we assume the donations fall in the middle of the ranges disclosed by the Clinton Foundation, the contributions would total just under $30 million.
As with most things involving the Clintons, the devil is in the details. This total of contributions does not include those made by individuals with strong Wall Street ties. It also does not necessarily represent the total amounts contributed to the Foundation from those donors listed. It only accounts for the donations which the Foundation has chosen to disclose.
The failure of the Foundation to include any information on the timing of the donations is especially worrisome. In terms of donor relationships, there is a real difference between a one-time gift of $1 million and an ongoing gift of $200,000 for 5 straight years. The total dollar amount may be the same, but an ongoing gift usually requires a more substantive relationship between the Foundation and the donor.
There is, of course, an added dimension to the timing issue with the Clintons. During the life of the Foundation, Hillary Clinton has been a US Senator, Secretary of State and two-time candidate for President.
When the Clinton Foundation discloses that the “Friends of Saudi Arabia” contributed $1-5 million, it begs the obvious question of when that donation was made. The specific date of that donation is particularly important, given Clinton's considerable focus on the Middle East while she was Secretary of State.
It is also important to note that these contributions are completely seperate from the paid speeches made by Bill and Hillary Clinton. In 2013 alone, Hillary earned just over $3 million in paid speeches to financial firms and institutions.
These contributions, obviously, also don't include direct contributions made by Wall Street institutions and individuals to either of Clinton's Presidential campaigns.
In a recent Democrat debate, Clinton's sole challenger, Sen. Bernie Sanders challenged her, “Can you really reform Wall Street when they are spending millions and millions of dollars on campaign contributions…And when they are providing speaking fees to individuals?”
He should have added that Wall Street has showered Clinton's family foundation with millions in contributions.
Wall Street, and the financial industry generally, is not simply a special interest contributing to Clinton's political ambitions. It is woven into the very fabric of the Clinton's lives. It fuels her politial ambitions, provides employment to Bill and Hillary through generous speaking fees, and it underwrites a significant amount of the work undertaken by the family's Clinton Foundation.
If the Clintons were any closer to Wall Street and financial firms, they would probably have to file SEC disclosures. They could very well be the first American family with their own Dodd-Frank regulation.
Sid Saunders, 73, was walking through Marline Wood, in East Sussex, England, when he come upon a “bit of concrete just poking out of the undergrowth,” as he told the Hastings Observer. He found the concrete was wedged well into the ground and started clearing the area of undergrowth. There, buried for years, was a tiny headstone, no higher than his calf.
The stone was overgrown with moss, but when Saunders cleaned it off, he could read its inscription:
In Memory of the Little 🐇
Duchie
Born August 1869
Died December 1882
(There really is a small image of a bunny dug into the stone.)
Duchie lived 13 years, a long life for a rabbit but within the realm of possibility for a well-loved pet. The rabbit's name, Saunders thinks, indicates that it's part of the Dutch rabbit family. Because the Duchie lived so long and got a bespoke headstone, it's likely he or she was the pet of a well-off family.
RIP, Duchie.
Norris extends his championship lead with win number seven
Lando leads home a Carlin 1-2 ahead of Colton Herta
Toby Sowery third for MBM Motorsport's maiden podium finish
SILVERSTONE 26 SEPTEMBER, 2015 – Lando Norris boosted his MSA Formula Championship title hopes in style this afternoon, the Ford EcoBoost-powered driver claiming his seventh win of the season to extend his points lead. Fifteen-year-old Lando's Carlin-prepared car led all the way from the first turn despite intense pressure from his team-mate Colton Herta to win by four-tenths of a second.
Norris seized the advantage off the line, getting away more smartly from P2 than did Double R's Matheus Leist, who was starting from the pole for the first time after showing Norris and the rest the way to tackle a qualifying lap on the 1.6-mile Silverstone National circuit. Worse was soon to come for Leist, who out-braked himself into Maggotts and slipped to fourth behind Herta and MBM Motorsport's Toby Sowery.
By the end of the second lap and thanks to Leist's error, Norris led Herta by nine-tenths of a second, but that was as comfortable an advantage as Lando would be allowed for the duration of the race as the American, the youngest in the field, posted the fastest lap after fastest lap in his pursuit. By the end of the fifth lap Colton was a car's length behind and looking to take advantage of any errors which Lando might make.
The long slipstream down Wellington straight offered Herta the chance to close in on his team-mate, and twice he tried to carry that momentum through with a challenge at Luffield. Norris was equal to the moves, however, and fended him off each time.
Said Norris from the podium after the second successive Carlin 1-2: “It was mainly down to the start and managing to get in front, and then I had Colton pressuring me for the whole race. There were a couple of times he had a good go at me; he did a good job. Winning today is good for my championship hopes; it will be hard for me in race two, and then hopefully race three tomorrow [from which Lando will start from pole] can be just like this…”
Added Herta: “It's hard to pass here; I thought it would be easier. These are such fast corners. I had two or three goes at it but Luffield is really not a great passing place.”
After his first-lap error, Leist quickly composed himself to put pressure on third-placed Sowery but his pace faded as the race wore on, allowing Toby a relatively easy run to the MBM team's maiden MSA Formula podium finish. “It was a bit of a dull way to get my first podium,” said Toby, “because I was on my own for most of the time. The start was quite hard and Matheus was close to me early on but then he dropped back. I'm really happy for the team to get their first podium.”
Norris's closest championship rival, TRS Arden man Ricky Collard, started fifth and finished fifth, shadowing Leist to the line and finishing comfortably clear of Fortec driver Dan Ticktum in sixth. Ticktum was later excluded from the results of the Silverstone meeting.
JHR Developments driver Sennan Fielding made steady progress in the early laps after a troubled qualifying to improve to sixth from his 11th-place start slot but could do little about reeling in those in front. JTR's Dan Baybutt collected seventh, his best finish since Oulton Park in June, ahead of TRS Arden man Sandy Mitchell; with Ticktum's exclusion, Baybutt was the Rookie class winner, ahead of Mitchell.
James Pull battled through from 15th on the grid for Fortec to take ninth, ahead of Rafael Martins (SWB Motorsport), Enaam Ahmed (TRS Arden), Jack Butel (JHR), Petru Florescu (Carlin) and Louise Richardson (Richardson Racing).
With Double R's perennially unlucky Tarun Reddy the only non-finisher after a seventh-lap retirement, the finishing order was completed by Falcon returnee Darius Karbaley; Josh Smith, whose Fortec car spun to last on the opening lap after contact from Ahmed; and Richardson Racing man Greg Holloway.
Amended provisional results Round 25 Silverstone 26 September 2015
21 laps / 34.45 miles
1 Lando NORRIS / GBR / Carlin 20m 00.491s / 103.30mph
2 Colton HERTA / USA / Carlin +0.403s
3 Toby SOWERY / GBR / MBM +3.929s
4 Matheus LEIST / BRA / Double R +6.144s
5 Ricky COLLARD / GBR / TRS Arden +6.415s
6 Sennan FIELDING / GBR / JHR +14.878s
7 Daniel BAYBUTT / GBR / JTR +15.440s
8 Sandy MITCHELL / GBR / TRS Arden +15.595s
9 James PULL / GBR / Fortec +16.292s
10 Rafael MARTINS / BRA / SWB +19.002s etc
Fastest lap Herta 56.607s / 104.32mph Est Rec
Rookie class 1 Baybutt; 2 Mitchell; 3 Martins; 4 Enaam AHMED / GBR / TRS Arden; 5 Petru FLORESCU / ROU / Carlin; 6 Darius KARBALEY / GBR / Falcon; 7 Josh SMITH / GBR / Fortec
Grid for Round 26 Mitchell – Baybutt – Fielding – Daniel Ticktum – Collard – Leist – Sowery – Herta – Norris – Pull etc
Full times
Marouane Fellaini has told MUTV he was "sad" to see manager David Moyes leave Manchester United.
• Okwonga: Van Gaal and the politics of succession
Moyes parted company with United last month, having overseen 52 matches at Old Trafford since succeeding Sir Alex Ferguson.
Fellaini was Moyes' only major summer signing last year, with the midfielder arriving from Moyes' former club Everton for 27.5 million pounds.
And the Belgium international, who was left out of interim boss Ryan Giggs' squad for the 4-0 win over Norwich, was disappointed to see the Scot depart.
Fellaini told MUTV: "It was a hard week because I was close with the manager.
"I was sad, but that's football. Results are the most important thing in football so the club decided to make the choice.
"Now we have a new manager and we are looking forward. We have three more games left in the season and we want to finish strong."
Meanwhile, Giggs has said that experienced duo Rio Ferdinand and Patrice Evra should be offered new contracts, with their current deals due to expire in the summer.
Giggs said: "I do believe they still have a part to play. Both their contracts are up but they have given massive service to the club."
The shellacking Hillary Clinton is taking so far in the Democrats' presidential nominating process could soon be the least of her troubles.
The FBI has acknowledged she and some aides are targets of an investigation surrounding their use of an unsecured private server as her primary email device for national security information when Secretary of State.
President Obama, however, has said he's sure there are no national security problems there. How he knows what the FBI doesn't is unclear.
But in Obama's Washington, where the IRS, Justice Department and EPA have been profoundly politicized, it's raised dark suspicions of inappropriate political influence in a criminal probe. As did the FBI conclusion that it was unable to find anything indictable in the IRS' years-long harassment of conservative groups leading up to the 2012 election.
On Wednesday former Obama aide Jay Carney said clearly the president prefers that Clinton succeed him over socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders. The 74-year-old easily won the New Hampshire Tuesday by 22 points. Though, would you believe, Clinton still gets nine of the 25 delegates, the same astounding luck that saw her win six straight coin tosses against Sanders settling the tight Iowa caucus results last week.
The elderly pair face off next on Feb. 20 in Nevada caucuses.
Here are two other reasons for suspicion of the Chicagoan's administration:
Clinton indictment must go through Dem donor
The Attorney General of the United States, Loretta Lynch, would have to sign off on any FBI criminal referral. Oh, look! According to the Center for Responsive Politics, Lynch has been a regular, hefty donor to Democrats including her boss, the president.
The Center reports that in recent years Lynch has given more than $10,000 to Democrat candidates, including $4,600 to Obama's 2008 election campaigns.
Critics suggest this presents a clear conflict of interest and see the need for an independent special prosecutor. “The latest assertion from her allies that Loretta Lynch is not ‘political' is totally untrue,” David Bossie, president of the conservative Citizens United, told The Hill newspaper.
But wait! There's more.
Administration officials hope you have forgotten that last September Clinton's successor, John Kerry, named another Clinton supporter to oversee the department's compliance with a federal court order to release all 30,000 Clinton emails by Jan. 29.
Kerry said he named Janice Jacobs to a new position allegedly to improve the department's record-keeping and transparency and speed responses to document requests under the Freedom of Information Act. Turns out, 90 days previously Jacobs had given the maximum amount, $2,700, to Clinton‘s 2016 campaign.
State spokesman John Kirby claimed officials were unaware of the donation until media inquiries. But he pronounced “no conflict of interest whatsoever.” So, it must be true.
One-day snowstorm causes month's delay?
You won't be surprised to learn that -- doggone it -- that pesky one-day snowstorm last month caused the State Department to seek a one-month extension in the court deadline.
Coincidentally, such a lengthy extension would avoid any complicating legal embarrassments and get the presumptive Democrat nominee through the first full month of primary and caucus events when a significant number of party convention delegates are chosen.
"Putting a maxed out Clinton donor in charge of overseeing the process of releasing her emails doesn't just give the appearance of a conflict of interest, it is one," said a spokesman for the Republican National Committee.
Even State's inspector general found serious subterfuges embedded there to thwart the intent of FOIA requests.
In a Tuesday court hearing Judge Rudolph Contreras scolded Obama administration attorneys for repeated delays and missing this deadline to make all her emails available online.
Department lawyers suggested the most sensitive last batch of Clinton missives – some 3,700 emails on about 7,000 pages – could maybe possibly be released on Feb. 18 and Feb. 29. Coincidentally, that final release of Clinton's 30,000 work-related emails would get her through all of February and come within hours of primary voting on Super Tuesday in 11 states.
That's probably just another coincidence, don't you think?
RELATED:
Obama sees U.S. Muslims under siege
Whose side is this president on anyway?
Trump's yuge win sets GOP on long road to Cleveland
Hillary, Bernie hail Obama, but he's ruined Democrats nationally
Essence Spring/Summer 2016 Product Launches
(available at all retailers)
Satin Matte Top Coat ($2.99).
Pastel Ombre Top Coat ($2.99).
Essence Spring/Summer 2016 Product Launches
(available exclusively at Target and Target.com in the US)
All About...Eyeshadow Palettes in Nude, Bronze, Roses, Vintage, and Greys ($5.49).
(Target-Exclusive)
How To Make Smokey Eyes Make-Up Box ($9.99).
(Target-Exclusive)
How To Make Brows Wow Makeup Box ($9.99).
(Target-Exclusive)
How To Make Your Face Glow Make-Up Box ($9.99).
(Target-Exclusive)
Blush Up! Powder Blush ($3.99) available in 2 ombre shades.
(Target-Exclusive)
Soo Glow! Cream to Powder Highlighter ($3.49) available in 2 shades.
(Target-Exclusive)
Pure Nude Makeup ($4.99) available in 3 shades.
(Target-Exclusive)
Pure Nude Concealer ($3.49) available in 3 shades.
(Target-Exclusive)
Soft Touch Mousse Make-Up ($4.99) available in 6 shades.
(Target-Exclusive)
Again, the first group of products above will be available at all retailers soon (many of these products are already available on the Ulta site HERE ), while the second group of products should launch at Target is 1/24. These products are now online at Target HERE (they should be in select stores by 1/24 if you haven't seen the display already.
Please be sure to check back soon because I'll be giving you a much closer look at all of these new products in the days to come. In the meantime, are you excited to hear that Essence is coming to Target? What do you think of these new products so far?
Romain Grosjean broke Article 23.6 after pit lane infringement
Lotus's Romain Grosjean has been demoted two grid positions at the Malaysia GP for a pitlane infringement during the rain-hit qualifying session.
The Frenchman had qualified eighth but was later moved back to 10th place for Sunday's race by the FIA stewards for a transgression while cars queued up at the end of the pitlane ahead of Q2.
With teams anticipating rain in the early stages of the second session, they sent their cars out earlier to queue at the end of the pitlane in order to gain the best track position. Lotus didn't release their two cars until the queue stretched back beyond their pit area, however rather than join the back of the pack, Grosjean nipped in ahead of Felipe Massa's Williams when the green light came on.
That broke Article 23.6 of the Sporting Regulations which states that “any car(s) driven to the end of the pit lane prior to the start or re-start of a practice session must form up in a line in the fast lane and leave in the order they got there”.
Grosjean was therefore issued with a two-place drip drop, a penalty which moves Williams' Valtteri Bottas into eighth and Sauber's Marcus Ericsson to ninth.
Speaking before the penalty was issued, Grosjean said of his qualifying: “It wasn't an easy qualy, but the team made the right calls. It was a safe choice to go out on extremes wets first. We then went onto inters but the timing didn't allow us to finish our lap so we had to pit. We only did one timed lap in those conditions but we made it and I think we got the best we could.
“The race is going to be interesting; we have quite a mix of cars around us but it's a long race, it's a hot race and even without rain, it's quite a demanding race on the cars and on drivers. It'll definitely be interesting!”
Lynch Headed To The CFL Video
ROCKFORD-Former NIU quarterback Jordan Lynch is likely to get another shot at a pro career in Canada. He tells ChicagoFootball.com's Jeff Arnold that he expects to sign a contract soon with the CFL's Edmonton Eskimos. Lynch says he'll get a shot to play quarterback.
Lynch was with the Chicago Bears during training camp last summer, but they switched him to running back. Lynch was released during the preseason and he spent the entire NFL season at home training.
Edmonton is coming off one of its best seasons in years. The Eskimos were 12-6 and they reached the West Finals.
The Eskimos do have one of the better quarterbacks in the league. Five-year veteran Mike Reilly passed for 3,327 yards last season, and he rushed for 616 yards.
Humberto Villatoro-Trinidad (Photo: Washington County Sheriff's Office)
A St. George man accused of deliberately crashing a stolen pickup truck into another truck while he was driving under the influence of drugs pleaded guilty to related charges Tuesday and is awaiting deportation.
Humberto Villatoro-Trinidad, 23, appeared in handcuffs in 5th District Court and acknowledged the terms of his plea agreement with the aid of a Spanish-language interpreter at his side.
The defendant pleaded guilty to felony counts of aggravated assault and failure to respond to an officer, plus a misdemeanor count of having a measurable amount of a controlled substance in his body.
Ten additional counts of theft, aggravated assault, criminal mischief, drug possession, reckless driving, causing a car crash and driving without ever having obtained a license were dismissed under the agreement.
Judge Eric Ludlow stayed the maximum sentence imposed on the defendant and granted him 36 months of probation that will include 365 days in the Purgatory Correctional Facility, but Ludlow granted him credit for the month he has been in jail custody and said he will be released to Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers for deportation.
As a term of his probation, Villatoro-Trinidad must not re-enter the United States illegally or break other laws.
Ludlow ordered Villatoro-Trinidad to pay restitution to the crash victims “if it's claimed.” No specific damage reparation claim was reported by the court, although officers investigating the incident reported five people were in the truck that was struck and that the vehicle suffered “more than $1,500 in damage.”
More: Hit-and-run suspect allegedly wanted 'to cause them harm'
In the plea agreement, Villatoro-Trinidad acknowledged that on June 18 he crashed into the vehicle “and admitted to officers that he intended to cause them harm” after using methamphetamine and taking a roommate's vehicle, adding that he “committed the offenses in order to be deported.”
The defendant was arrested in “a high-risk stop” by St. George Police investigators after he fled from the crash site at the intersection of 700 South and River Road, traveling at more than 60 mph along 700 South, up 200 East and onto the Red Hills Parkway.
Villator-Trinidad told the court he had been working at a local Mexican fast-food restaurant prior to the incident.
Follow reporter Kevin Jenkins on Twitter, @SpectrumJenkins. Contact him at 435-674-6253.
Read or Share this story: http://www.thespectrum.com/story/news/2017/08/01/man-accused-intentional-dui-crash-deported/531124001/
Thursday night, a sex offender stepped in front of a microphone and tried to explain himself to his new community of Belmont, Massachusetts. ""My name is Carl Peterson. 'I'm the level 3 sex offender all of you have been talking about," the 48-year-old told his neighbors in the high school auditorium.
In an extraordinary piece of writing, Belmont Patch editor Franklin Tucker describes what happened next.
Tucker writes:
The problem is all you know, all you get to know about my problem is what you read ... which says I'm the most dangerous and the most likely to reoffend of all sex offenders. It also says my offense was the rape against a child," said Peterson, as state officials, law enforcement and Belmont Police who spoke earlier stood behind him. Speaking in a calm, slightly high-pitched flat voice, Peterson described in the most general terms a single incident, an assault, he committed on his 14-year-old niece in 2000.
Things soon got heated however,
"I don't want to hear this!" a woman cried out from the back of the hall, breaking the tension with the outburst. "Just go!," said another.
"It happened over the course of a weekend 12 years ago," said Peterson.
"Nobody cares," came another response.
But for the majority in the hall, Peterson's admission was compelling.
"This is important," explained a resident who said she came to the meeting not knowing anything about Peterson or even the issue of a level 3 sex offender living in town.
The town continued to express their unease:
"One of the scariest thing while spending time in prison was wondering ... that it will not happen again," said Peterson, saying that he has been in therapy for the past eight years with Dr. Carol Ball, a licensed psychologist in Arlington and a founder of New England Forensic Associates, "to answer that question."
"At this point, I know that it will never happen again," said Peterson.
"You don't."
Peterson finished his appeal to the community by reminding that he himself was a father of a 14-year-old and that he was not himself immune to the fear of sex offenders living in their community. But again, he assured them he was no threat.
At the end of the meeting, as the audience was leaving, a smartly-dressed man came up to Peterson, shook his hand and said it was a "brave" thing for him to acknowledge what he did and present himself to the town.
Peterson simply nodded and stared straight ahead.
[Shutterstock]
Fiat is set to ramp up the performance of its just revealed 124 Spiders with an Abarth version that will have more power from its 1.4-litre turbocharged engine.
Speaking moments after the car's reveal at the 2015 Los Angeles motor show, Fiat America boss Olivier Francois all but confirmed there would be more to the 124 Spider family.
"We might look at a tuned version," he said when asked about an Abarth version of the 124.
The 124 is based on the architecture of the Mazda MX-5 and is built on its Japanese production line.
Francois defends its much-hyped Italian heritage, arguing "this is the same recipe as the original 124 Spiders – there's nothing more Italian than this".
"Half of the car is an engine, produced in Italy. The characteristics of the car are extremely similar to the original 124 Spiders … a super fun-to-drive car and a perfect power-to-weight ratio."
Fiat 124 Spider Photo: Supplied
Despite sharing its basic proportions with the MX-5 the 124 Spider doesn't share any exterior body panels – only its folding hard top roof. And while there are interior components shared with the Mazda version, the upper dash, door panels and seat coverings are also unique to Fiat.
Yet despite the similarities in many ways the Fiat goes against the design ethos of the Mazda MX-5 that spawned it. At 1105kg it's about 10 per cent heavier than the Mazda.
That's in part due to the turbocharged 1.4-litre engine (with the turbo and intercooler adding weight), which makes 119kW – 1kW more than the most powerful 2.0-litre powered MX-5.
And the turbocharged engine is unlikely to have the near-instant, crisp response of the naturally-aspirated engines stipulated for the Mazda (engineers have dismissed a turbo as not having the response characteristics expected in the diminutive drop-top).
Francois defends it by abruptly saying "there's a turbo and it works".
He argues design is crucial to the 124's success.
"Style is fundamental … very important, this [car] is clearly an emotional purchase … style is one of the drivers. History, heritage, the story of the brand … it's a mix.
"The front of the car is recognisable as a Fiat."
SAN ANTONIO (Reuters) - A small border town and some of the largest cities in Texas told a federal judge on Monday a new state law aimed at punishing sanctuary cities could lead to an immigration police state and asked him to halt it because it was unconstitutional.
A protester against the Texas state law to punish "sanctuary cities" stands outside the U.S. Federal court in San Antonio, Texas, U.S., June 26, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Herskovitz
The Republican-backed law in Texas, the U.S. state with the longest border with Mexico, takes effect on September 1. It is the first of its kind since Republican Donald Trump became president in January, promising to crack down on illegal immigration.
The law, known as Senate Bill 4, calls for jail for police chiefs, sheriffs and possibly frontline officers who fail to cooperate over U.S. immigration. The measure also allows police to ask about immigration status during a lawful detention.
A lawyer for Texas said the law helps ensure conformity across the state on the application of immigration law and prevents localities from adopting positions of non-cooperation with federal authorities.
“It is a moderate law that fits hand in glove with federal immigration policies,” Darren McCarty, an attorney for the state, said in opening statements.
But Lee Gelernt, an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union who represents the plaintiffs, said if the court upholds the Texas law it could have national ramifications.
“That would set up an immigration police state,” he told U.S. District Judge Orlando Garcia.
“We could be removed from office if we endorse a policy that is different from the law,” Austin Mayor Steve Adler said outside court, adding that the law violates constitutional free speech protections.
Other cities that sued to block the law include Austin, Dallas, Houston and San Antonio.
Plaintiffs also contended the law could lead to racial profiling and divert resources from local police who would be under the threat of job loss and fines if they do not cooperate with federal immigration authorities.
Several hundred protesters rallied against the law outside the court. A decision in the case was not likely to come soon.
SB 4 supporters have said immigrants who do not break the law have nothing to fear. Critics contend SB 4 allows police to detain people for up to 48 hours for immigration checks, even for minor infractions such as jaywalking.
On Friday the Trump administration filed court papers to support the Texas law, saying it will help keep America safe. A U.S. Department of Justice lawyer told the court on Monday the Texas law will ensure co-operation on immigration matters.
WATERLOO, ONT.—Quarterback Luke Balch had just absorbed the ultimate sack. He realized his next snap was never coming. The University of Waterloo Warriors were reeling Monday after their football program was suspended for one year after nine players tested positive for steroids in the biggest doping scandal in Canadian university history.
UW director of communications, Martin Van Nierop, speaks to UW football player Luke Balch after a press conference at the University of Waterloo, Monday, June 15. ( Mathew McCarthy / Waterloo Region Record )
But no one was hit harder than veterans like Balch, who won't get to play his fifth and final season. “I get emotional, thinking I don't have a senior day, I don't have a last game moment,” said Balch. “We have a lot guys together on this team in their fifth year. We grew up together on this team as a family. These are my brothers. All of a sudden, it's over. That's it. It's unacceptable in my mind.” He wasn't alone. Team captain Patrick McGarry found it hard to bear they won't get a chance to improve on last year's 3-5 record at Warrior Field, which has undergone a $1 million-plus refurbishing.
Article Continued Below
“We're getting a nice new field with Field Turf and they just pulled the rug from under us,” said McGarry. News of the one-year team suspension also hit some of the 15 players on the team from the Greater Toronto Area like a load of bricks. Russ Kovshoff, a 210-pound linebacker from King City, was hoping to grab a starting position in his third year with a Warriors squad that hadn't made the playoffs in six years. “I expected some kind of penalty for the guys caught, but it's unfair to punish everyone,” Kovshoff told the Star's David Grossman. The university has placed head coach Dennis McPhee and assistant Marshall Bingeman on paid leave while a full review is conducted. The decision to suspend the program was made by university vice-president and provost Feridun Hamdullahpur.
The scandal was triggered in March when Waterloo receiver Nathan Zettler was arrested for possession and trafficking of anabolic steroids and HGH. Waterloo director of athletics Bob Copeland then ordered the entire team be tested The Canadian Centre for Ethics in Sport, which split the $30,000-plus cost of testing with the university, conducted 61 urine tests and 20 blood tests — some blood test results are still pending. Of the nine confirmed doping cases, four players admitted to doping, one refused testing, three tested positive and one case is pending additional police investigation.
Article Continued Below
Joe Surgenor, a second-year linebacker from Barrie., admitted to steroid use and was suspended for two years after waiving his right to a hearing. Jordan Meredith, a rookie linebacker, tested positive for Tamoxifen, commonly used to combat the side effects of steroids. He acknowledged doping and accepted a two-year ban. “There's no question that this has been an eye-opener,” said Marg McGregor, CEO of Canadian Interuniversity Sport. With files from Daniel Girard
PARIS (Reuters) - A million-dollar drawing by Pablo Picasso was snapped up on Wednesday by a 25 year-old American art lover at a online charity raffle for a mere 100 euros ($140).
Jeffrey Gonano said he had been looking for a picture to hang on his living room wall when he read a news article about “L'Homme au Gibus” (“Man with Opera Hat”), raffled by Sotheby's in Paris.
“I was looking for art and I thought I might as well,” the project manager at a fire sprinkler firm told Reuters by telephone.
Despite the enormous value of his new acquisition, Gonano vowed not to sell the artwork, at least for the time being.
His winning ticket 747815 - picked by a computer system on Wednesday - was one of 50,000 put up for sale online at 100 euros each to raise funds for an association working to preserve the ancient city of Tyre, in modern day Lebanon.
Organisers said that buyers from France and Germany to Iran and Kyrgyzstan had taken part, with a particularly large number of Americans.
The small drawing dates from 1914, during the artist's Cubist phase, and was purchased by the Association to Save Tyre from a New York gallery with the help of a large bank loan. Organizers say they paid slightly less for the work than the one million dollar estimate given by Sotheby's experts.
The sale was given the green light by Picasso's grandson Olivier Picasso who said his grandfather would have been thrilled that his work was being put to good use.
“My grandfather was a pioneer in everything, in his love life, in his artwork, so tonight I'm sure he would have helped the cause,” he said.
For the moment the work's new owner said he still could not believe his luck.
“I'm still in shock. I've never won anything like this before... Obviously,” he said.
($1 = 0.7266 euros)
CM
Send message
Joined: 13 Aug 15
Posts: 63
Joined: 13 Aug 15Posts: 63
Message 74688 - Posted: 8 Dec 2016, 14:19:26 UTC
Here's the link to the 3rd brainstorming thread:
We've had suggestions for TensorFlow, Apache Spark (BARK), Sensor arrays, Proof of Scientific Research, Decentralization of the BOINC project web server, Full-Node distribution projects, TOR/I2P Proof of Bandwidth, Hashcat over BOINC, etc.
Don't like Steemit? Post your ideas in this thread! I've been creating BOINC project brainstorming threads over at steemit, I'll be updating this thread once a month when the brainstorming thread is reposted on steemit.Here's the link to the 3rd brainstorming thread: https://steemit.com/boinc/@cm-steem/brainstorming-boinc-projects-003 We've had suggestions for TensorFlow, Apache Spark (BARK), Sensor arrays, Proof of Scientific Research, Decentralization of the BOINC project web server, Full-Node distribution projects, TOR/I2P Proof of Bandwidth, Hashcat over BOINC, etc.Don't like Steemit? Post your ideas in this thread! ID: 74688 ·
Disney/Lucasfilm "The Ewoks are dead. All of them."
That's the disturbing first line of a white paper a physicist exclusively submitted to Tech Insider.
With "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" storming movie theaters, we had to know if George Lucas overlooked a critical moment where the last film in the series, "Return of the Jedi," left off 32 years ago.
In that movie, a moon-size weapon called the Death Star II orbits the forest moon Endor. The Rebel Alliance eventually blows up the colossal terror device, then celebrates among the trees with a race of hairy, intelligent friends called the Ewoks.
But detonating a giant metal sphere above the Ewok's lush green world is a terrible idea, according to 11 different physicists we asked. In fact, most agreed it'd trigger an "Endor holocaust."
Dave Minton, a planetary scientist at Purdue University and devoted "Star Wars" fan went so far as to provide a draft white paper. (We've embedded it at the end of this post if you want to get right to it.)
The "Endor Holocaust" fan theory dates back to 1997, when it first appeared on a website called TheForce.net. Curtis Saxton, an astrophysicist and "Star Wars" super-fan, argued in a 10,000-word essay that the doom of Endor and the Ewoks who live there "is an inevitable consequence of observable facts."
But many of Saxton's various measurements are open to interpretation, since depictions of the Death Star, Endor, and other details are inconsistent from one scene to the next, which is why we asked 11 physicists what would happen to Endor if the Death Star blew up.
Minton's dire conclusion is based a detailed, to-scale hologram projected in "Return of the Jedi."
Disney/Lucasfilm
From that image Minton extrapolated diameters, masses, velocities, and orbital paths of Endor and the Death Star.
His calculations show that the Death Star II is about 213 miles in diameter.
Since Ewoks, storm troopers, and rebels move like they do here on Earth, he assumes that the gravity of Endor is the same as our home planet's and therefore so is its mass. As the moon is much smaller than Earth, however, it's got to be incredibly dense.
"I estimate that the bulk density of Endor is about 14,350 kg/m3," Minton wrote in his paper for Tech Insider. "This is more than iron (8000 kg/m3) and less than uranium (19,100 kg/m3), so while the composition of Endor must be quite unusual, it is not impossible."
Minton also noted that the Death Star is in a unnaturally stable orbit given how close it is to the moon.
"So I have to assume that the Death Star is being maintained in its position using something like [anti-gravity] repulsorlifts," he wrote.
When the rebels and Ewoks destroy the shield generator on Endor — a device that protected the Death Star — Minton assumes the repulsorlifts there got destroyed, too. He also figures the Death Star is not vaporized and mostly shatters into a field of loose rubble.
"[M]ore or less what happens after the destruction is that the entire mass of the Death Star simply falls onto the location of the shield generator," he said.
Minton said the falling rubble field would look something like a colossal asteroid striking the Earth.
NASA/Don Davis
Striking Endor at more than 6,000 mph, "a Death Star-mass ball of fragments will leave behind a 700 km diameter crater,"Minton said. "This is almost 4 times larger than the Chicxulub crater in Mexico that is associated with the dinosaur extinction."
"The aftermath of this impact would be to obliterate everything on the surface," he wrote. "No Ewok could withstand an impact of that magnitude."
And it gets worse.
"It is likely that the atmosphere would be so heated up ... that every body of water on the entire world would be flash heated to steam, and every forest would ignite into a global firestorm."
Read Minton's full draft white paper here.
Note: If you're a planetary scientist or physicist who can run simulations that test ideas critical to the Endor Holocaust theory, Tech Insider would love to hear from you. Please reach out to us at science@techinsider.io with "Endor Holocaust simulation" as the subject line.
When archaeologists discovered graves in Poland where the dead had been buried with sickles across their throats and rocks under their chins, they assumed the unfortunate victims were suspected vampires.
But a new study suggests they actually died of cholera, and villages were afraid they would rise from the dead, bringing the deadly disease back with them form the underworld.
In post-medieval northwestern Poland little was understood about how diseases spread and it was thought the first to die in deadly outbreaks would return from the dead as vampires.
So they were subjected to funerary rites involving traditional practices intended to prevent evil.
These rites occurred throughout the 17th and 18th centuries as cholera epidemics swept through Eastern Europe.
The unusual graves were among hundreds of normal burials.
Excavations of graves suggested the deaths of six occupants were likely to have been viewed with fear and suspicion and perhaps because they were seen as social outcasts.
Initially scientists thought they belonged to migrants but tests found they were locals who had been singled out for the special treatment in death.
The study published in the open-access journal PLOS ONE tested permanent molars from 60 individuals, including the six "special" or deviant burials, using radiogenic strontium isotope ratios from archaeological dental enamel.
They then compared the results to strontium isotopes of local animals.
Results found that those in deviant burials seem to be a predominantly local population, with all individuals buried as potential vampires exhibiting local strontium isotope ratios.
Dr Lesley Gregoricka from University of South Alabama said: "People of the post-medieval period did not understand how disease was spread, and rather than a scientific explanation for these epidemics, cholera and the deaths that resulted from it were explained by the supernatural - in this case, vampires."
LONDON (Reuters) - The United States will overtake Saudi Arabia and Russia as the world's top oil producer by 2017, the West's energy agency said on Monday, predicting Washington will come very close to achieving a previously unthinkable energy self-sufficiency.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) said it saw a continued fall in U.S. oil imports with North America becoming a net oil exporter by around 2030 and the United States becoming almost self-sufficient in energy by 2035.
“The United States, which currently imports around 20 percent of its total energy needs, becomes all but self-sufficient in net terms - a dramatic reversal of the trend seen in most other energy importing countries,” it said.
The forecasts by the IEA, which advises large industrialized nations on energy policy, were in sharp contrast to its previous reports, which saw Saudi Arabia remaining the top producer until 2035.
“Energy developments in the United States are profound and their effect will be felt well beyond North America - and the energy sector,” the IEA said in the annual long-term report, giving one of the most optimistic forecasts for U.S. energy production growth to date.
“The recent rebound in U.S. oil and gas production, driven by upstream technologies that are unlocking light tight oil and shale gas resources, is spurring economic activity - with less expensive gas and electricity prices giving industry a competitive edge,” it added.
IEA Chief Economist Fatih Birol told a news conference in London he believed the United States would overtake Russia as the biggest gas producer by a significant margin by 2015. By 2017, it would become the world's largest oil producer, he said.
This could have significant geopolitical implications, if Washington feels its strategic interests are no longer as embedded in the Middle East and other volatile oil producing regions.
Analysts ask whether an energy independent United States would still be prepared to safeguard major trade routes around the world, such as the Strait of Hormuz in the Middle East.
The United States will rely more on natural gas than either oil or coal by 2035 as cheap domestic supply boosts demand among industry and power generators, the IEA said.
LIMITED KNOWLEDGE
Birol said he realized how optimistic the IEA forecasts were given that the shale oil boom was a relatively new phenomenon.
“Light, tight oil resources are poorly known ... If no new resources are discovered (after 2020) and plus, if the prices are not as high as today, then we may see Saudi Arabia coming back and being the first producer again,” he said.
The IEA said it saw U.S. oil production rising to 10 million barrels per day (bpd) by 2015 and 11.1 million bpd in 2020 before slipping to 9.2 million bpd by 2035.
Saudi Arabian oil output would be 10.9 million bpd by 2015, the IEA said, 10.6 million bpd in 2020 but would rise to 12.3 million bpd by 2035.
That would see the world relying increasingly on OPEC after 2020 as, in addition to increases from Saudi Arabia, Iraq will account for 45 percent of the growth in global oil production to 2035 and become the second-largest exporter, overtaking Russia.
OPEC's share of world oil production will rise to 48 percent from 42 percent now.
Russian oil output, which over the past decade has been steadily above Saudi Arabia, is predicted to stay flat at over 10 million bpd until 2020, when it will start to decline to reach just above 9 million bpd by 2035.
“Russia, which remains the largest individual energy exporter throughout the period, sees its revenues from oil, natural gas and coal exports rise from $380 billion in 2011 to $410 billion in 2035,” the IEA said.
The U.S. oil boom would accelerate a switch in the direction of international oil trade, the IEA said, predicting that by 2035 almost 90 percent of oil from the Middle East would be drawn to Asia.
ENERGY DEMAND GROWS BY THIRD
The report assumes a huge expansion in the Chinese economy, which it saw overtaking the United States in purchasing power parity soon after 2015 and by 2020 using market exchange rates. Chinese real gross domestic product is expected to increase by 5.7 percent annually between 2011 and 2035.
A rise of 1.8 billion in the world's population to 8.6 billion would lead to a spike in global oil demand by more than a 10th to over 99 million bpd by 2035, keeping pressure on oil prices, the IEA said.
The agency's central “New Policies” scenario, which assumes a range of measures are taken to curb oil consumption in Europe, the United States, China and elsewhere, sees the average import cost of oil rise to just over $215 per barrel by 2035 in nominal terms, or $125 in 2011 terms.
Oil rigs are seen in Midland, Texas May 9, 2008. Oil jumped to a record above $126 a barrel on Friday, extending gains to more than 11 percent since the start of the month on fuel supply concerns and a rush of speculator buying. REUTERS/Jessica Rinaldi
If fewer steps are taken to promote renewable energy and curb carbon dioxide emissions, oil was likely to exceed $250 per barrel in nominal terms by 2035 and reach $145 in real terms — almost level with the record highs seen four years ago.
The share of coal in primary energy demand will fall only slightly by 2035.
Fossil fuels in general will remain dominant in the global energy mix, supported by subsidies that, in 2011, jumped by almost 30 percent to $523 billion, due mainly to increases in the Middle East and North Africa.
Not since 1982 have we had a full moon this rare. The celestial spectacular will go down on Sunday night (Sept. 27th) and will feature three uncommon lunar phenomena – a trifecta of cosmic awesomeness that won't happen again until 2033. But for those out there unfamiliar with esoteric moon activity, have no fear. Let's break down exactly what you'll be looking at.
Full Moon
Ok, you know this one. It's when the tides fluctuate drastically and werewolves come out to play. It's also when the moon is fully exposed to the sun, making the near side of it completely illuminated.
Lunar Eclipse
Advertisement
This one is a little tougher to grasp. A lunar eclipse is when the moon passes directly behind the earth's shadow. It can only occur during a full moon and it makes the appearance of the moon a creepy shade of red, hence the name “Blood Moon.” Many ancient cultures believed that lunar eclipses were the result of demons swallowing the moon; and even today, Blood Moons give people the heebie jeebies.
Lunar Perigee
Don't freak out. This is the most complex aspect of Sunday's full moon, but you don't have to be Neil deGrasse Tyson to comprehend it. The moon rotates around the earth on a lopsided axis. Because it isn't a perfect circle, there are points when the moon is closer to earth than others. These points are called perigee (closest) and apogee (furthest). Since the moon appears larger in the perigee position, it's often called a “Supermoon.”
Advertisement
It's been over 30 years since all three of these lunar phenomena have occurred at the same time. Sunday's moon is so rare that it doesn't even have a name. People are foolishly calling it a Supermoon Blood Moon, when the obvious title is a “Super Sunday Bloody Sunday Moon.” And unlike solar eclipses, which are far more rare and elusive, the Super Sunday Bloody Sunday Moon will be able to be seen across the globe. Despite being an awesome star gazing event, Sunday's trifecta of cosmic activity could be a perfect time for a night surf. The moon gods have answered…now it's time for a surf sacrifice.
White House Advisor Gary Cohn: We don't want wealthy to move from 35% rate to 25% rate 3:04 PM ET Thu, 28 Sept 2017 | 02:15
Middle-income families will see real benefits as a "basic core premise" of the Republican-sponsored tax reform proposal, White House economic advisor Gary Cohn said Thursday.
As an example, Cohn said a family of four with an income of $100,000 a year would see an annual tax savings of about $1,000.
"This is a basic, core premise of our plan. We're committed to it and we're sticking to it," Cohn said at an afternoon news conference.
Cohn said that tax break would up the standard of living for Americans and generate growth.
"If we allow a family to keep another thousand dollars of their income, what does that mean? They can renovate their kitchen, they can buy a new car, they can take their family on vacation, they can increase their lifestyle," he said. "That's what our tax plan has to do."
File - In this Monday, Nov. 14, 2016 file photo, Jared Kushner, son-in-law of of President-elect Donald Trump walks from Trump Tower, in New York. Kushner is taking steps to distance himself from his sprawling New York real estate business, in what is the clearest sign yet he is planning to take a position in his father-in-law's administration. Kushner, who is married to Trump's daughter Ivanka, must clear a series of hurdles before he takes any post in Washington. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to step away from his family-owned international real estate development, property management and licensing business before taking office on Jan. 20.
But with less than two weeks until his inauguration, he hasn't stepped very far.
Trump has canceled a handful of international deals and dissolved a few shell companies created for prospective investments.
Still, he continues to own or control some 500 companies that make up the Trump Organization. And that creates a tangle of potential conflicts of interest with no precedent in modern U.S. history.
The president-elect is expected to give an update on his effort to distance himself from his business at a Wednesday news conference.
He told The Associated Press on Friday he'd be announcing a "very simple solution."
The Michigan Five Fluke Freshmen is the name given to five members (Raymond Clevenger, Billie Farnum, John Mackie, Paul Todd, and Wes Vivian) of the U.S. House of Representatives from Michigan that were elected in the Democratic landslide of 1964 and subsequently defeated just two years later by a Republican resurgence. All of the five were one-term congressmen. It was the last time that a state would have five freshmen members of Congress defeated for reelection.
1964: LBJ landslide [ edit ]
With President Lyndon B. Johnson taking over 67% of the vote in Michigan, the Democrats were able to win five districts and change the delegation from 12 to 7 Republican to 12 to 7 Democratic. The Democratic gains took place in District 2 (based in the Ann Arbor area), District 3 (set around Kalamazoo and Battle Creek), District 7 (Flint and its surrounding region), District 11 (northern lower Michigan and the Upper Peninsula), and District 19 (suburban Detroit). Nationally Democrats gained 36 seats from the Republicans in the House.
1964 U.S. House Michigan Congressional District 2 Election. Party Candidate Votes %
1964 U.S. House Michigan Congressional District 3 Election. Party Candidate Votes %
1964 U.S. House Michigan Congressional District 7 Election. Party Candidate Votes %
1964 U.S. House Michigan Congressional District 11 Election. Party Candidate Votes %
1964 U.S. House Michigan Congressional District 19 Election. Party Candidate Votes %
1966: Republican Resurgence [ edit ]
The unpopularity of President Johnson's Great Society, rising crime, radical campus protests, and racial riots coupled with the coattail effect of popular Governor George W. Romney at the top of the state ticket all led to a downturn for the Democratic Party. The Republicans succeeded in recapturing the five districts they lost in 1964 and returned the delegation to a 12 to 7 Republican majority. Nationally the Republicans gained 47 seats from the Democrats in the House.
1966 U.S. House Michigan Congressional District 2 Election. Party Candidate Votes %
1966 U.S. House Michigan Congressional District 3 Election. Party Candidate Votes %
1966 U.S. House Michigan Congressional District 7 Election. Party Candidate Votes %
1966 U.S. House Michigan Congressional District 11 Election. Party Candidate Votes %
1966 U.S. House Michigan Congressional District 19 Election. Party Candidate Votes %
References [ edit ]
President Donald Trump (AFP Photo/MANDEL NGAN)
Rep. Mike Quigley (D-IL) visited Cyprus this week as part of the House Intelligence Committee's ongoing investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump's campaign and Russian operatives, The Daily Beast reports.
“Cyprus has a reputation as a laundromat for the Russians who are trying to avoid sanctions,” Quigley told The Daily Beast.
“The fact that Turkey, the U.S and Russia and other countries are really interested in Cyprus, because of its strategic location … the fact that Russians launder their money there to avoid sanctions, and the fact that key U.S. and Russia players were there—all make it really important for the Russia investigation,” Quigley explained in a separate interview with Crain's Chicago.
Though Quigley declined to go into specifics about what he investigated in Cyprus, several current or former Trump associates have links to the Mediterranean island.
In 2015, Trump's commerce secretary Wilbur Ross served as vice-chairman of the Bank of Cyprus, and presided over a business deal with Russian banker Artem Avetisyan. As the Guardian reports, Avetisyan has ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin and a bank that, at the time, was under U.S. sanctions over Russia's annexation of Crimea.
“The Russians laundered money to avoid (U.S.) sanctions” Quigley told Crains. “That makes it front-and-center in this investigation. . . .Sanctions are the possible motives for collusion.”
During Ross's confirmation hearing, Democratic senators accused the White House of withholding information about ties to Bank of Cyprus. Among the questions the administration stonewalled was whether Ross was “aware of any contacts between any individuals currently or formerly associated with the Bank of Cyprus and anyone affiliated with the Trump presidential campaign or the Trump Organization.”
Trump's former campaign chief Paul Manafort also has links to the island. Manafort faces a U.S. Treasury Department probe stemming from his paid word with the pro-Russian Party of Regions. The federal anti-corruption probe is looking into disappearing Ukrainian assets after Russia intervened in 2014.
In Manafort-linked company received $1 million through the Bank of Cyprus—then-headed by Ross—from a mysterious firm; that transaction went through the Bank of Cyprus, and was split in half “to accounts with no obvious owner.” Documents released by a Ukranian lawmaker show Manafort laundered those payments to offshore accounts.
“It was extraordinarily helpful in understanding how the Russians launder money and why,” Quigley said of his trip to Cyprus.
“I learned a lot. I'm still digesting,” he said.
When it comes to bagels in this city, everyone and their mother-in-law has an opinion — prompted or not — on what constitutes a good nosh. Some like the thin, sweet Montreal-style, others swear by the big, doughy hurt-your-jaw type. And then there are factions, like myself, who believe the only real “bagel” is a Gryfe's.
Michele Henry finds the best bagel shop in the Toronto.
“It's a style” all on its own,” says Moishe Gryfe, 67, owner of the eponymous and legendary Gryfe's Bagel Bakery at 3421 Bathurst St., between Lawrence and Wilson Aves. “A very light, easy to eat bagel.” And small enough to devour in about three bites.
Article Continued Below
Customers complain, Gryfe says, that they buy a dozen and only make it home with six. “Put them in the trunk,” he says he tells them. Gryfe — and his parents — have been deflecting these kinds of “criticisms” ever since they created this bagel, they say, several decades after his grandparents opened their first bakery in Hamilton. Gryfe doesn't know the exact date, but says it was about 100 years ago — around 1915. You won't be shocked to learn that such grievances haven't hurt business. Quite the opposite. Every day, staff mix, shape, boil and bake more than 1,000 dozen of these uniquely Toronto spheres, Gryfe says. More than they did when I was little and woke up early every Sunday morning to queue, alongside my dad, outside the humble store, which still looks exactly as it did back then. Customers in the mid-1980s would line up around the block to get a few dozen “Gryfe's” fresh out of the oven.
Gryfe's Bagel Bakery, Moishe Gryfe's family bagel business on Bathurst St. in Toronto, was opened in about 1915. ( J.P. MOCZULSKI / The Toronto Star ) Moishe Gryfes' third-generation family bagel business, a Toronto landmark in their Bathurst St.and store. ( J.P. MOCZULSKI / The Toronto Star )
God forbid they should sell out before you made it to the front! And to think — it all happened by accident, Gryfe says.
Article Continued Below
A customer to the family's Augusta Ave. bakery in the 1960s asked the matriarch if Gryfe's, then a general bakery, could make her a dozen bagels. She said yes, Gryfe says, and scurried to her husband shouting: just do it, throw some flour, make a bagel! Protesting that he didn't know how to, Gryfe says, his arguments were no match for his wife's meddle as a salesperson (she could “sell ice to an Eskimo,” Gryfe says of his late mother). And so he did as he was told. What turned out wasn't so bad, he says. Over the years, Gryfe's father tweaked the recipe — and so did Gryfe, who learned the bagel trade alongside his dad. Once, the young boy, trying to make a batch from memory, altered it slightly by accident and again — it turned out pretty good. Even better than before, his father had told him. That iteration was much like the nosh sold today, Gryfe says. It's a secret combination of flour, water, yeast, sugar and salt that commands several hulking, hot ovens, a small army of staff and lingering puffs of fragrant flour that hang in the air at this north-Toronto store. Ten varieties of it, including the original poppy seed, sesame seed, whole grain and flax, are shipped to 150 stores, Gryfe's says — every day. But, best to buy them hot and fresh and from one of the wire baskets at the front of the store, where they're tossed straight from the oven. That is when they are at their absolute best, in my opinion — a deliverance of moist, squishy dough cradled in a thin, shiny, crisp crust. Like a savoury Krispie Kreme doughnut but with a lot less sugar, of course, and infinitely more compatible with tuna salad or lox and cream cheese than a toothache and early onset diabetes. “Simple,” is how Gryfe's describes them. For me, it's the beautiful taste of nostalgia. Got an idea for Sourced? E mail mhenry@thestar.ca . online Watch Gryfe's staff make Toronto's iconic light bagel at thestar.com/living
PARENTS will not be told of the availability of ethics classes in their school until after they have opted out of special religious education, or scripture, under changes to be adopted by the state government.
A government-initiated parliamentary inquiry into ethics classes advocated the approach in April, angering supporters who claimed it was designed to impede their take-up in schools.
The Education Minister, Adrian Piccoli, confirmed on Tuesday that ethics classes will be retained in NSW schools but said the government would introduce the new system. This means parents will be first offered a place in scripture classes and only told about ethics in a follow-up letter if they opt out.
The Greens MP John Kaye described the change as ''a massive road block'' to parents being informed of ethics classes.
''The government will now force schools to hide the existence of ethics classes,'' he said.
MOBILE, Ala. — Thousands of hungry and unwashed passengers gathered on the decks of the lifeless Triumph cruise ship, singing “Sweet Home Alabama,” waving towels and cheering as the vessel was pulled into dock here late on Thursday. For 4,200 passengers and crew, the fetid ordeal of five days adrift in the Gulf of Mexico was over.
But for the ship's owner, Carnival Cruise Lines, with headquarters in both Florida and England, the real work was just beginning.
There were the immediate concerns, among them how to get the passengers home once they got off the ship, a process that was set to begin shortly after the ship docked Thursday at 9:30 p.m. Central time. Also at issue was how and why a fire came to knock out the propulsion system, the power, and the sewage, heating and air-conditioning systems on the 14-year-old ship, which had mechanical troubles last month that delayed a similar cruise to Mexico.
Company officials said the two episodes were not related, but their proximity may help inspire a wall of legal actions from passengers, experts said.
"Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." Wins with Men 18-34 - The #1 Scripted Show in Its Slot for Its 17th Straight Original Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (8-9pm - 4.9 million and 1.7/6 in AD18-49): During the 8 o'clock hour against originals of NBC's The Voice and CBS' NCIS, ABC's Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. was on par with its week-ago Fast Affiliate Adult 18-49 rating, pacing within 1-tenth of a rating point and tied in audience share (1.7/6 vs. 1.8/6). Please Note: Last week's episode went up 2-tenths of a rating point in the National ratings (from a 1.8/6 to a 2.0/6), an 11% increase over the preliminary Fast Affiliate Adult 18-49 number. So far this season, originals have gone up 13 times in the L+SD Nationals - rising 2-tenths twice now and going up 1-tenth 11 times. The ABC freshman drama won its hour with Men 18-34 (1.5/6), beating NCIS and The Voice (1.4/6-tie) to rank as the #1 scripted series in its hour for its 17th-straight original telecast. In fact, S.H.I.E.L.D. is Tuesday's #1 TV show this season with Men 18-34, as well as the season's top broadcast drama. · S.H.I.E.L.D. boosted its hour by 42% for ABC year to year in Adults 18-49, over the year-ago night with original programming. · S.H.I.E.L.D. was Tuesday's #1 most social primetime series across cable and broadcast with 63,826 tweets, up 124% from the prior week. Quick Take for Tuesday, April 8, 2014 (Fast Affiliate Live + Same Day Ratings) "S.H.I.E.L.D." Wins the 8pm Hour in Men 18-34 Over "The Voice" and "NCIS" And Improves Its Hour by 42% in Adults 18-49 from the Year-Ago Evening "The Goldbergs" Dominates "The Mindy Project" in Viewers and Young Adults ABC's "Trophy Wife" Outdraws Fox's "Mindy Project" for the 2nd Week in a Row "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." (8:00-9:00 p.m. - 4.9 million and 1.7/6 in AD18-49): During the 8 o'clock hour against originals of NBC's "The Voice" and CBS' "NCIS," ABC's "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." was on par with its week-ago Fast Affiliate Adult 18-49 rating, pacing within 1-tenth of a rating point and tied in audience share (1.7/6 vs. 1.8/6). Please Note: Last week's telecast went up 2-tenths of a rating point in the National L+SD ratings (from a 1.8/6 to a 2.0/6), an 11% increase over the preliminary Fast Affiliate Adult 18-49 number. So far this season, originals have gone up 13 times in the Nationals - rising 2-tenths twice and going up 1-tenth 11 times. The ABC freshman drama won its hour with Men 18-34 (1.5/6), beating "NCIS" and "The Voice" (1.4/6-tie) to rank as the No. 1 scripted series in its hour for its 17th-straight original telecast. In fact, "S.H.I.E.L.D." is Tuesday's No. 1 TV show this season with Men 18-34, as well as the season's top-rated broadcast drama (tied w/NBC's "The Blacklist"). · "S.H.I.E.L.D." boosted its hour by 42% for ABC year to year in Adults 18-49 over the year-ago night with original programming ("Splash" on 4/9/13 = 1.2/4). · "S.H.I.E.L.D." was Tuesday's No. 1 most social primetime series across cable and broadcast with 63,826 tweets, up 124% from the prior week. "The Goldbergs" (9:00-9:30 p.m. - 4.3 million and 1.4/4 in AD18-49): During the 9:00 p.m. half-hour, ABC freshman "The Goldbergs" once again dominated Fox's sophomore "The Mindy Project," leading by 2.0 million viewers (4.3 million vs. 2.3 million) and by 40% in Adults 18-49 (1.4/4 vs. 1.0/3). The ABC comedy paced within 1-tenth of an Adult 18-49 rating point week to week. "Trophy Wife" (9:30-10:00 p.m. - 2.5 million and 0.8/2 in AD18-49): In the 9:30 p.m. half-hour, ABC's "Trophy Wife" topped Fox's "The Mindy Project" in the half-hour for the 2nd week in a row with Total Viewers (2.5 million vs. 2.4 million). A note about increasing DVR penetration and year-to-year rating comparisons: Year-to-year rating comparisons based on the Live + Same Day data stream are distorted by the level of DVR penetration in the Nielsen sample, which has jumped up to 49% currently, from 47% at the same point in 2013. More viewers are watching shows on their own timetables, which may not be reflected in the overnight next day numbers. The only truly valid year- to-year comparison would be one based on the Live + 7 Day metric, once those stats are released by Nielsen. Source: The Nielsen Company, Fast Affiliate Live + Same Day Ratings for 04/08/14.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Rutherglen woman who told a one-year-old boy “I hate you” when he cried in her company has been given three months to behave herself.
Ainsley Ashcroft, 25, also told the tot “you're getting adopted out” in front of others at a property in the town.
A disgusted friend who was at the house at the time with Ashcroft and pals, reported her behaviour to the police.
In August 2015 the police were called out to a house to a noise complaint and found a dumbbell, knife block and a pot strewn in the garden under the window.
Ashcroft told officers she had been “mad with it” and “went mental” and was taken to hospital.
Ashcroft previously pled guilty to behaving in an aggressive manner towards the child on September 30, 2014.
She also admitted culpably and recklessly throwing items out the house at Toryglen Road, Rutherglen, on August 23, last year.
She appeared in the dock at Glasgow Sheriff Court last week for sentencing.
But sheriff Paul Crozier continued the case for three months for good behaviour and for more information on her health from her doctor.
She is currently on a community payback order for an unrelated assault charge.
The sheriff said: “You are very close to being sent to jail. You better keep doing well on that community payback order because if you don't, you're going to jail.
“Rest assured, you will be punished for these offences in some way.”
The case was continued until February.
By now, you've probably read Patriot News columnist David Jones' rabble-rousing piece outlining some of the reasons behind Bill O'Brien's departure — specifically quoting O'Brien during profanity laced tirade against so-called “Paterno people” that supposedly drove him right out of Happy Valley. If you haven't, you should.
I couldn't help but feel compelled the first time I read the story Tuesday night. On the surface, it has significant shock value and information you won't find anywhere else. But then I read it again. And again. And now, three days later, I find myself reading it for the dozenth time and growing angrier and angrier at an ill-conceived quote that went viral and once again damaged our collective identity for no good reason.
Before I explain, let me make two things clear:
1. Joe Paterno's legacy has no bearing on the ridiculousness of this story and O'Brien's comments. It's a complete non sequitur to the negative impact of this story as far as I'm concerned. Let's not distract the point with those arguments.
2. I'm actually a big fan of David Jones. I don't always agree with his opinion, but he's one of the most eloquent and well-connected writers on the beat and I have immense respect for his work. No matter how angry you might be at Jones for this one, don't let this incident devolve into ad hominem.
Now, to the story. Here's an excerpt of a conversation Jones had with O'Brien in early December, which he left unpublished until Tuesday:
O'Brien's ire also was raised that day by my suggestion that a faction of Joe Paterno-era loyalists seemed to me to be miffed by Vanderlinden's departure or dismissal, depending upon their view, and that they might want some sort of explanation. The former linebackers coach had been the second-longest-tenured member of the staff, dating to 2000, one of only two remaining staff members hired by the legendary coach. This really got O'Brien going: “You can print this: You can print that I don't really give a —- what the ‘Paterno people' think about what I do with this program. I've done everything I can to show respect to Coach Paterno. Everything in my power. So I could really care less about what the Paterno faction of people, or whatever you call them, think about what I do with the program. I'm tired of it. “For any ‘Paterno person' to have any objection to what I'm doing, it makes me wanna put my fist through this windshield right now.”
This entire exchange is just a head scratcher. It was doomed from the beginning, starting from when Jones made the false assertion that “Paterno loyalists” specifically were miffed about the Vanderlinden dismissal. I've heard very few people mention the Paterno connection as a reason to be upset about Vanderlinden's departure. No, people are confused about the Vanderlinden dismissal because he was a great coach, independent of his Paterno affiliation.
Is O'Brien really so thin skinned that he can't understand why fans would want answers about why one of the best position coaches in the country was fired? I don't know why Vanderlinden was dismissed, and I trust that O'Brien had a good reason for his dismissal. But to fault fans for questioning a decision to let a coach go, with no explanation, who seemingly developed Pro Bowl-caliber linebackers year in and year out? That has nothing to do with Joe Paterno, and they're fair questions to ask.
The second part of the exchange is just as absurd: “So I could really care less about what the Paterno faction of people, or whatever you call them, think about what I do with the program. I'm tired of it.”
This is coming from a man who was one of the most ubiquitously loved college football coaches in the entire country. In two years, I can count the number of Penn State fans on one hand — Paterno loyalist or otherwise — who did not support Bill O'Brien. To claim that Paterno loyalists were in any large number against O'Brien or what he did with the program is a lie. O'Brien was adored at Penn State by essentially everyone in the community — I suspect only a handful of coaches would have a higher approval rating at any level of football.
Sure, some of the more traditional fans were upset about O'Brien's decision to put names on the jerseys and a few other small decisions. They have a right to be, because for many people, tradition is important and change is hard. But even the fans upset about those relatively inconsequential changes almost always supported and loved O'Brien.
Obviously, O'Brien had plenty of valid reasons to leave. Coaching in the NFL is the top of the profession, and he made no secret that it was a dream of his. He'll undoubtedly be making more money. Now he can just coach football instead of being forced to act as an ambassador for he university, something he never really embraced. But, to tell David Jones that the reasons for leaving Penn State are fans questioning a high-profile coaching change and fans being unhappy with the direction of the program? The former is reasonable; the latter is simply untrue.
I wouldn't be surprised if this was an instance of confirmation bias — David Jones, after all, coined the term “JoeBots” to describe the folks that are still fighting to restore Paterno's legacy. Jones asserts “Some of his frustrations revolved around what he saw as the lack of leadership at Penn State” but offers no flippant quotes or insults about that nugget. And then again, maybe O'Brien does actually harbor some deep-seated hatred for any fan who dare question the departure of the best linebackers coach in the country. I don't understand it, but it could be true.
So why do I care? If this was just a typical Jones column that gets passed around for a day or two and then falls into the abyss, as most things tend to do on the Internet, it wouldn't really matter. But telling Joe Paterno loyalists to fuck off was, of course, too much for the national media to pass up.
More than 41,000 articles now show up on Google that include the terms “O'Brien” and “Paterno people”. Almost every national outlet picked up the story — ESPN, USA Today, Yahoo, Fox, Daily News, Washington Post, Sporting News, Philadelphia Magazine, and Chicago Tribune just to name ten. Of course, the articles didn't mention the fact that almost every Penn Stater loved and embraced O'Brien — that we believed in him almost unequivocally and that, ultimately, he had honest NFL aspirations all along. No, that quote and those articles paint a picture of a crazy Penn State cult that ran O'Brien out of town like a bunch of lunatics, a situation that couldn't be further from the truth. It's an incredibly damaging narrative, and there's no going back at this point.
Steve Jones had similar things to say on his radio show yesterday. Jones dedicated the first 15 minutes to discussing the article, saying “I don't think (Dave Jones) had it quite right.”
“I think more context was needed beyond everyone just picking up this story,” Jones said. “You can't paint with a broad brush unless you come to the table with a full palette. Dave needs a fuller palette to give perspective on what this actually means.”
Just another day at Penn State, where one off-the-record, fallacious quote paints the entire community as an insufferable cult. Here's to a new coach and a new era.
Your ad blocker is on. Please choose an option below.
Sign Up for our e-mail newsletter: OR Support quality journalism:
About the Author
Kevin Horne was the editor of Onward State from 2012-2014 and currently holds the position of Managing Editor Emeritus, which is a fake title he made up. He graduated from Penn State with degrees journalism and political science in 2014 and is currently seeking his J.D. at the Penn State Dickinson School of Law. A third generation Penn Stater from Williamsport, Pa., Kevin is also the president of the graduate student government. Email: [email protected]
East Renovation Continues With Approval For Sproul, Geary Halls Penn State's Board of Trustees approved the next phase of East Halls renovations at its meeting Friday, setting the stage for construction to begin on Sproul and Geary Halls.
Here at Niners Nation, we're presenting a series called "90-in-90". We'll be looking at every player on the 49ers offseason roster, one player per post, from now until the start of training camp.
Kendall Hunter emerged as a legitimate backup to Frank Gore in 2011. The then-rookie rushed for 473 yards and two touchdowns while appearing in all 16 regular season games, starting one. Last season, Hunter was on pace to best his 2011 numbers until a partially torn Achilles caused him to miss the final five games of the regular season and the entire postseason.
In his 11 games as Gore's backup last season, Hunter carried the ball 72 times for 371 yards and two touchdowns. The 5.2 yards per carry were better than his 2011 numbers by a full yard. The 49ers were so happy with Hunter's production when he was healthy that they kept veteran ‘plodder back' Brandon Jacobs almost exclusively on the sideline (even when Jacobs was healthy and not running his mouth ... which wasn't often.)
Hunter's injury allowed LaMichael James to emerge as a true offensive weapon. James has a skill set similar to that of Hunter; both are small shifty backs with better power than you think and excellent hands out of the backfield.
With Hunter now healthy and apparently ready for training camp, the 49ers figure to give all three backs significant playing time. How things will be handled is up for debate but it's clear that the running back depth is among the best in the NFL.
*Note: Marcus Lattimore has intentionally been left out of the conversation until someone from the 49ers indicates he'll play in 2013. That doesn't seem likely at this point.
Why Kendall Hunter could improve in 2013
How the running back position will be handled this year is a bit of a mystery. If Hunter is healthy I wouldn't be surprised to see him resume the primary backup role behind Gore. This would allow him to see 10-15 touches per game. If this is the case, I could see numbers very similar to Hunter's rookie season. 400-500 yards rushing plus 100-200 yards receiving with 2-5 total touchdowns.
I think Hunter gets the nod over James due to his pass protection and better play between the tackles.
Hunter's return gives the 49ers a crowded backfield. The coaching staff's ability to recognize what each back gives them and where one may be better than the other situationally, will be key to the success of this three-headed monster.
Why Kendall Hunter could regress in 2013
Coming back from an Achilles injury can be a long drawn out process. Hunter says he'll be ready to go come start of camp, but even if he's healthy, the logjam in the backfield could limit is opportunities.
One thing we know for certain regarding this backfield: All three will see significant time. Heck, the emergence of Colin Kaepernick and the pistol/spread/read option means we could see all three backs on the field at the same time! Imagine that!
The 49ers ran the ball 492 times last year and 498 times in 2011. Frank Gore received about 55% of those carries over both seasons. Assuming Gore gets 50% of the carries (250-ish carries) in 2013, that leaves about 250 carries to be split between Hunter, James, and Kaepernick.
LaMichael James has reportedly added 10 pounds to his frame, which would put him at 205lbs, about six pounds heavier than Hunter. If James is able to maintain his speed and shiftiness at that size, he could seriously bite into Hunter's playing time.
Point is, there is so much talent in the 49ers backfield that there may not be enough touches coming Hunter's way to surpass his production from previous years. That doesn't mean all three won't be key contributors to the 2013 offense.
Odds of making the roster
Hunter is as close to a virtual lock to make the roster as there gets. Barring a setback during his rehab or in training camp, I feel safe writing Hunter's name on the opening day roster in a thick black Sharpie.
The Panama Papers have revealed the massive scale of tax dodging schemes of the rich and powerful. But tax avoidance is nothing new - people have been coming up with schemes and loopholes for as long as there have been taxes.
Beard tax
Image copyright iStock
Peter the Great's great dislike of facial hair supposedly inspired him to bring in a beard tax in 1698. For centuries, Russian men had worn long flowing beards, but the young Tsar felt a clean shaven look was more Western and modern.
Those who forked out the 100 rouble annual beard tax were given a special medal as proof of payment, with the words "The beard is a useless burden" inscribed on it. Of course, avoiding the tax was easy - have a shave.
Claims online that a beard tax was introduced by Henry VIII in 1535, and again later by his daughter Elizabeth I, do not seem to be backed up by contemporary documents, beard historian Dr Alun Withey says.
But Dr Withey has uncovered evidence that an official in New Jersey tried to introduce a levy on facial hair in 1910. He proposed an extra 20% on men with ginger beards. He failed to get the law passed.
Other sartorial taxes include a tax on hats introduced by the British Parliament in 1784 which was "much evaded" - despite being punishable by death. Makers, who were required to buy a licence, apparently simply started calling their creations "headgear". Meanwhile a wig-powder tax 12 years later helped see off the fashion for wearing wigs.
Desperate to raise money to finance a war with the French, Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger tried all sorts of other taxes too - including on soap, clocks, dogs, horses, candles, and female servants.
Hidden treasure
"Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's," Jesus advised his followers, the Bible says.
However, some wealthy citizens of the Roman Empire decided it was a better idea to bury their cash, jewellery and expensive furnishings than pay their dues.
It's crucial to remember where you buried your valuables though. A hoard of 70,000 Iron Age coins found in Jersey - ironically widely seen as something of a tax haven today - is thought to have been a stash hidden from Roman tax collectors.
Transparent dealings
Image copyright Thinkstock
Rich people have bigger houses and therefore more windows - that was the theory behind England's 1696 window tax. The taxman simply had to count them.
However, reluctant taxpayers soon began bricking up their windows to avoid paying. Ghost windows from the era can still be spotted on old buildings today.
It even became fashionable to brick up your windows - a sort of "keeping up with the tax avoiders next door" type thing, according to John Whiting, formerly of the Chartered Institute of Taxation.
Bricks and mortar
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption The French Mansard roof was designed with accommodation in the low-lying roof - which was exempt from tax
Taxes have shaped housing design in lots of other ways too. In 18th Century Britain, people dodged a tax on wallpaper - which was the height of fashion - by hanging plain paper and painting it by hand.
Meanwhile, a brick tax saw builders use bigger and bigger bricks - until the government cracked down by introducing a maximum brick size.
In France, houses with low Mansard roofs were designed to shelter their occupants from taxes as well as the elements. Property owners were taxed on the number of floors below the roofline. The Mansard roof made the top floor essentially tax free.
There are theories that narrow "shotgun houses", common in New Orleans in the US, were so designed because of a tax on the size of the front of people's houses.
Playing with fire
Image copyright Thinkstock
The hearth tax was introduced in England and Wales in 1662 on the premise that it was easier to count the number of fireplaces in a house than the number of people.
The money went straight into the private purse of the newly-restored monarch, King Charles II - which caused some disgruntlement.
Some people blocked their chimneys or knocked them down to avoid paying, a rather risky tax avoidance scheme. There are reports that one baker plugged her chimney and knocked through to her neighbour's, causing a fire which killed four people.
This unpopular tax also ran into trouble when the newly established Hearth Office was burned down during the Great Fire of London. The tax was abolished after only 27 years.
Ace of Spades
Image caption It is illegal for individuals to possess more than 120 playing cards in Thailand
In the 17th Century, King James I came up with the idea taxing playing cards, which were deemed to lead to bad behaviour by encouraging gambling. An early sin tax, if you like.
An official stamp was printed on the Ace of Spades to show the tax had been paid.
One cunning card maker, John Blacklin, came up with the idea of simply omitting the Ace of Spades from the pack to get round paying. He offered it for sale separately instead. Unfortunately for him, a jury did not buy this ploy.
In a salutary lesson for any would-be tax evader, the Old Bailey record states he was sentenced to death in 1805 for his crime.
Above the law
Image copyright BBC news online
More "over-river" than "off-shore", the much-photographed Bridge House in Ambleside in the Lake District was apparently built on a bridge over a river between jurisdictions to avoid land tax - what is now essentially stamp duty.
A clever ruse, but there was only space on the bridge for a two room abode, which had to house a family with six children.
Meanwhile, travellers have long avoided bridges which charge tolls to cross by practising the art of "shunpiking" - taking longer routes to get around paying.
Tea and biscuits
Image copyright Thinkstock
The British have a reputation as enthusiastic tea drinkers, and in 1689 politicians decided to cash in by introducing hefty duties on tea leaves. At its peak, the import tax was a whopping 119% of the value of the tea.
The unintended consequence was a boom in tea smuggling, by criminals with supposedly brutal reputations. Fake tea was also rife, with sheep dung and even poisonous copper carbonate added to mimic the right colour.
In the eyes of current UK law, biscuits and cakes are "necessities" and are zero-rated for tax purposes. However, chocolate-covered biscuits are regarded as a luxury, which means the full rate of value-added tax (VAT) is payable.
McVities famously succeeded in arguing that Jaffa Cakes were cakes not chocolate-covered biscuits, and were therefore exempt from VAT.
An equally eccentric VAT rule applies to gingerbread men. No VAT is charged if the figure has two chocolate spots for its eyes, but any chocolate-based additions - such as buttons or a belt - mean VAT is payable. So it is cheaper to buy a no-chocolate gingerbread man.
ABC Photo Archives
Do you think you have what it takes to serve a damn good cup of coffee and a slice of cherry pie in a universe where owls are not what they seem and customers range from a quirky FBI agent to a woman who talks to a log?
Then you might want to audition for director David Lynch who is on the lookout for a brunette or red-headed waitress for a "Twin Peaks" promo.
According to ProjectCasting.com, this open call for an upcoming promo for "Twin Peaks" was posted by Sande Alessi Casting:
TWIN PEAKS PROMO. Directed by David Lynch. Shoots in Los Angeles on Tuesday, January 7, 2014. Prob a 6 hour or less day. Rate is 150/8. You must live in LA to submit. I don't think SAG has jurisdiction on this, so SAG and NON can submit. I have called SAG to double-check this and I am awaiting a call back to confirm this though. HOT Caucasian girl - BRUNETTE OR REDHEADS ONLY to play waitress. Age 18-27. MUST have an amazing body. Busty, very period looking face. Please submit two current color photos (one body shot, one face shot), your sizes, union status and contact info to: SandeAlessiCasting@gmail.com. Subject line should read: TP Promo
ABC
"Twin Peaks " was a hit show during the early 1990s that lasted only two seasons, but forever cemented itself as one of the strangest murder mysteries to ever air. An eccentric FBI special agent Dale Cooper (Kyle MacLachlan) investigated an unusual murder of homecoming queen Laura Palmer (Sheryl Lee) while crossing paths with the town's weird array of citizens including Log Lady, Deputy Hawk, Leland Palmer, Josie Packard, Nadine Hurley, the Giant, the dancing dwarf, and an evil spirit called BOB.
This promo is most likely in connection to the upcoming Blu-ray release of "Twin Peaks." Some fans speculate the release date will be March 25, 2014, which is exactly the date Laura Palmer's Black Lodge character tells Dale Cooper they will meet again (in 25 years).
However, just like a real "Twin Peaks" mystery, the casting call was tweeted and posted on Facebook by Sande Alessi Casting on January 2 and then deleted in less than 12 hours.
No word for sure if more characters in addition to the waitress role will be needed for the "Twin Peaks" open call audition on January 7, especially since Lynch hasn't tweeted, posted on his Facebook page, or blogged about the promo.
Perhaps the Log Lady knows for sure.
Reddit surpassed 2 billion pageviews during the month of December, the social news site's general manager, Erik Martin, told the Daily Dot.
That's more than double the traffic the site saw over the same period in 2010—when it registered 829 million pageviews—and eight times the January 2010 total, which topped out at 250 million. Unique visitors, meanwhile, have nearly tripled, from about 12.5 million in December 2010 to 35 million last month.
The numbers cap off a banner year for Reddit. As the site's traffic has grown, so has its influence: 2011 saw Reddit launch massive, record-breaking fundraising campaigns, exert boycott power on a major technology company, and launch nascent political careers.
It also established itself as the driving force behind the popularization of web culture, spawning original memes, propagating rage comics, and even launching Hollywood screenwriting careers.
What lies ahead for Reddit in 2012? Can it continue to absorb millions of new users, or has it reached critical mass?
We're expecting 2012 to be an even bigger year for Reddit, with the site influencing mainstream politics and rivaling Twitter as a home for crowd-sourced journalism online. And the Daily Dot will be there, chronicling “the front page of the Internet” every step of the way.
Despite losing the primary race, Ted Cruz managed to pull one more fast one on Donald Trump, sending what had been the most energetic night of the Republican National Convention off track with three simple words: “vote your conscience.”
Before Cruz delivered his speech, where he refused to endorse the Republican nominee, Wednesday night had been running far more smoothly than the first two evenings of the convention in Cleveland. Conservative firebrand and radio host Laura Ingraham spoke early, giving the assembled Republicans an energy that had mostly been lacking in previous nights. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi offered up plenty of political red meat, decrying presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. And Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, another former rival of Trump, got the crowd to repeatedly chant, “America Deserves Better.”
Republican National Convention 1 of 96 Advertisement
Wednesday was supposed to belong to Mike Pence, the Republican nominee for vice president. Pence praised Trump, and he distinguished himself from his running mate with a self deprecating note, acknowledging that many in the audience may not be familiar with him. Pence's well-paced address also contained some of the traditional “attack dog” talking points of many vice presidential speeches.
But for many, the only memory of the third night of the 2016 RNC will be the crowd exploding with anger over Cruz's speech, booing one of their own off the stage. If party unity was the goal of the week, Cruz may have made it unattainable.
Students at an Edmonton elementary school have been ordered to refrain from discussion about 13 Reasons Why, a controversial Netflix series about the suicide of a teenage student, while they are at school.
In an email sent to parent this week, St. Vincent Elementary School principal Azza Ghali asks them to tell their children not to talk about the show with their classmates.
What kids watch at home is up to the parents, Ghali says in the email. But she wanted to let them know "many students are watching and discussing this" at school.
"The discussion that is unfolding at school is troubling," the email says. "Please let your child know that discussion of 13 Reasons Why is not permitted at school due to the disturbing subject matter."
13 Reasons Why tells the story of a fictional 17-year-old girl who leaves audiotapes for the people she blames for driving her to die by suicide. The girl's death is shown in an extended scene that has been described as graphic and disturbing.
Concern about 13 Reasons Why has prompted schools across North America to send letters home to parents, usually encouraging them to talk to their children about suicide or to watch the show in order to facilitate discussion about its mature themes.
The St. Vincent email does not encourage parents to talk with their children about the issue.
Parents should talk to kids
Mara Grunau, executive director of the Centre for Suicide Prevention in Calgary, acknowledged suicide is a difficult issue for schools to address because some parents aren't ready for their children to have that discussion.
"I want to encourage parents to not be afraid to have the conversation because it is much better for you to have the conversation than to learn things from the school yard," Grunau said.
"Social media doesn't wait for parent consent," Grunau added. "And social media is not bound by the same decorum and standards that mainstream media is."
Lori Nagy, manager of media and community relations for Edmonton Catholic Schools which includes St. Vincent, said the email from the principal was prompted by concern about students who were disturbed hearing descriptions of the series shared by their classmates.
"What the principal was trying to do is to remove the conversation from the classroom and put it back in the home," Nagy said.
Nagy acknowledged the email didn't encourage parents to talk with their children about the series. She said the principal now feels the tone she used in the email was too harsh.
Series blamed for glamorizing suicide
As someone who works in suicide prevention, Grunau takes issue with how 13 Reasons Why portrays suicide.
The opening shot of a memorial on the student's locker glamorizes suicide, which sends the wrong message to a young person thinking of taking their own life, she said.
Grunau is also concerned how the main character sees suicide as a way to seek revenge on the people who bullied and tormented her.
"[People] don't die by suicide because they're angry at somebody," she said. "People do not kill themselves to be vengeful. And unfortunately, that is a bit of a theme of this story."
Grunau said people only resort to suicide when they can't see another way to escape a deep psychological pain. Intervention can make a big difference, she said.
Grunau said her organization has a resource guide for teachers who want to talk to their students about the issues raised by 13 Reasons Why.
Here is the text of the principal's message to parents:
Dear Grade Six parents,
It is having come to Miss Ciezki's and my attention that some students are watching a Netflix series called 13 Reasons Why. The discussion that is unfolding at school is troubling. This series is rated Mature and the theme is the suicide of a high school student. This show includes graphic violence (rape) and gore, profanity, alcohol/drugs/smoking, and frightening/intense scenes.
Of course what your child watches on television is completely your choice, however I wanted to let you know that many students are watching and discussing this at school.
The purpose of this email is to provide you with this information. Please let your child know that discussion of 13 Reasons Why is not permitted at school due to the disturbing subject matter.
Should you have any question, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you have questions about this show, please feel free to contact Miss Ciezki, who has watched the series.
Thank you,
Mme Ghali
Donald Trump: Drugs played 'very big' role in North Carolina protests BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Donald Trump has insisted drugs played "a very, very big factor" in violent protests that erupted in North Carolina overnight following the police shooting of a black man. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/donald-trump-drugs-played-very-big-role-in-north-carolina-protests-35069998.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/article35069997.ece/081da/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-f403ca39-59c6-41bf-bada-aed95e7252cd_I1.jpg
Email
Donald Trump has insisted drugs played "a very, very big factor" in violent protests that erupted in North Carolina overnight following the police shooting of a black man.
The Republican presidential candidate warned African-American protesters that their outrage was creating suffering in their own communities.
It was another day of mixed messages on a delicate issue from Mr Trump, who was eager to blunt criticism that his campaign inspires racism in the midst of what he called "a national crisis".
The National Guard was activated to calm fierce protests that followed police shootings of black men in North Carolina and Oklahoma.
Mr Trump has sought to express empathy, but his words could rankle some in the African-American community.
"The people who will suffer the most as a result of these riots are law-abiding African-American residents who live in these communities where the crime is so rampant," Mr Trump declared at an energy conference in Pittsburgh.
He added: "Drugs are a very, very big factor in what you're watching on television at night."
Democrat Hillary Clinton did not address escalating racial tensions on Thursday as she prepared for her first debate-stage meeting with Mr Trump.
She took a swipe at her opponent, albeit in a humorous way, in an interview on comic Zach Galifianakis' internet show Between Two Ferns.
The comedian asked her what Mr Trump might wear to Monday's debate.
"I assume he'll wear that red power tie," Mrs Clinton said. Galifianakis responded: "Or maybe like a white power tie."
"That's even more appropriate," Mrs Clinton said.
Both candidates are working to navigate the politics of race with Election Day less than seven weeks away and early voting about to begin in some states.
Mr Trump, in particular, has struggled to balance a message that appeals to his white, working-class base with one that improves his standing with minorities and educated whites who may worry about racial undertones in his candidacy.
He was slow to disavow former KKK leader David Duke earlier in the year and has repeatedly promoted tweets by white supremacists during his White House bid.
The Republican nominee admitted for the first time publicly last week that President Barack Obama was born in the United States. And as recently as last week, Mr Trump's eldest son tweeted a meme commonly used by white nationalists.
On Thursday, Mr Trump tried at times to project a softer message, calling for a nation united in "the spirit of togetherness".
"We all have to walk a mile in someone else's shoes, see things through their eyes, and then get to work fixing our very wounded country."
The message was complicated by his own suggestion that protesters outraged by the police shootings of black men were under the influence of drugs. Earlier in the day, he also called for Chicago to adopt "stop and frisk" policing tactics that have been condemned as racial profiling.
At the same time in neighbouring Ohio, Mr Trump's Mahoning County chair Kathy Miller, a volunteer, came under fire after telling the Guardian newspaper: "I don't think there was any racism until Obama got elected."
The Trump campaign accepted her resignation after what a spokesman called "inappropriate" comments.
Mrs Clinton has faced criticism of her own for saying half of Mr Trump's supporters belong in a "basket of deplorables" because they are racist, sexist, homophobic or xenophobic.
The Democratic nominee has also made curbing gun violence and police brutality a central part of her candidacy.
She said on Wednesday that shootings in Oklahoma and North Carolina added two more names "to a long list of African-Americans killed by police officers. It's unbearable and it needs to become intolerable".
Mrs Clinton has campaigned alongside a group of black women called the Mothers Of The Movement, who advocated for more accountability and transparency by law enforcement. The group includes the mothers of Eric Garner, Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown, black victims of high-profile killings.
Mr Trump said new leadership is required to address the situation.
"This is a national crisis," he said without mentioning the black men shot by police in recent days.
He said that "it's the job of the next president of the United States to work with our governors and mayors to address this crisis and save African-American lives".
AP
Robert De Niro appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live this week, and addressed previous comments he made about his desire to punch Donald Trump in the face.
He tells Kimmel that he can no longer go through with that, but is still disappointed with the direction the country is taking.
“I'm not feeling good,” De Niro told Kimmel, who then followed up with a punch inquiry. “I can't do that now. He's the President. But, you know, I have to respect that position though we all know what he… We have to see what he's going to do and how he's really going to follow through on certain things. As we even see now in a lot of cities, there's a lot of people getting very upset and protesting.”
Back in October, De Niro appeared in a video filmed in collaboration with Anonymous Content, where he delivered a passionate anti-Trump message (see below). “He's so blatantly stupid,” he says in the video. “He's a punk. He's a dog. He's a pig. He's a con, a bullshit artist, a mutt who doesn't know what he's talking about. Doesn't do his homework. Doesn't care. Thinks he's gaming society. Doesn't pay his taxes. He's an idiot. Colin Powell said it best, he's a national disaster. He's an embarrassment to this country. It makes me so angry that the country has gotten to this point that this fool, this bozo, has wound up where he has. He talks about how he wants to punch people in the face? Well, I'd like to punch him in the face.”
Vitor Belfort has always been pretty much a puncher with the single exception - his throwing of at least one left high kick a round seems to be pretty reliable since way back in his bout against Chuck Liddell. Every time he does so commentators speak about how he has rounded out his game, but in truth it has never come close to being effective... until Michael Bisping ducked straight into it at UFC on FX 7.
The left roundhouse kick, without punches or footwork to set it up, has been such a common feature of Vitor's game for years and has been so ineffective up to now that I joked about it during the introductions.
Bets on Vitor opening with a left high kick without set up? ;) — Jack Slack (@JackSlackMMA) January 20, 2013
Unusually for Vitor it was the second strike that he threw, after a nice front snap kick, but it appeared as expected with little effect.
For the early going of the fight it was mainly Bisping jabbing and Vitor slipping deep. Both men began to lean and slip towards the other's rear leg and I, forgetting Vitor's love of throwing this kick, thought that Bisping - the more rounded striker - would take advantage of Belfort's hyperactive head movement.
Vitor slipped very deeply against many of Bisping's punches - seemingly open to the right high kick on most of these occasions.
Belfort could duck onto a high kick here... — Jack Slack (@JackSlackMMA) January 20, 2013
How wrong I was!
Not only did Bisping not throw kicks - probably due to overconfidence based on the jabs he was landing - but Vitor was the one to bait his opponent's hands and head out of position. This is why, when asked for a prediction, I always say that fights are only predictable if both fighters are predictable.
Much has been made of the three or four body kicks that Vitor threw in the fight and I am sure they played some part in the knockout but reviewing the footage it seems that equal significance should be given to the successful use of that classic Mirko Cro Cop staple - the left straight, left high kick double threat. The adjustments that a fighter makes to deal with a fast southpaw left straight (and boy does Belfort have one of those) - either by slipping or rear hand parrying - often put him in perilous position for a rear leg high kick.
The rear straight (or more importantly the threat of it) setting up the rear roundhouse kick is pretty common from savvy strikers and works especially well for folks who aren't known for their flexibility or kicking prowess. Here's Eddie Alvarez doing it:
Chuck Liddell did it to Babalu
Cro Cop did so to Mark Hunt (and a bunch of other people)
Maurice Smith even did it at age 50:
Basically any time an opponent is trying to escape to the elbow side of a rear straight punch - whether it be by slipping, side stepping or straight up running like the poor guy above - he adds force to a prospective collision with the kick from that side.
Bisping was more than willing to duck toward Vitor's rear leg to attempt to slip Vitor's rear hand and side step the usual Vitor Belfort charges.
While Bisping didn't fall into the trap of slipping the punch every time - instead backing up or blocking occasionally too - as soon as he ate a left straight from Belfort he backed up and tried to slip a second one which Vitor feinted, before throwing a left high kick and putting The Count on wobbly legs.
Bisping eats the first left straight, attempts to slip a second and ducks into Belfort's shin bone.
The adjustments made to deal with a troubling rear straight will often lead a fighter into the high kick - but committing to high kick defense does just the same in opening up opportunities for the straight punch again. As the second round began Bisping was determined to keep his head high and away from Belfort's left leg - consquently his response to Vitor's attacks was to back straight up. This allowed traditional chasing Vitor to come out a little bit without fear of his opponent slipping and escaping.
Vitor lunges with a hard left straight, Bisping's head is high and central and he takes the punch as he backs up.
Here is a second nice left from Belfort.
By the time the knockout came Bisping was beginning to move his head again and ducked right into the kick as he responded to Vitor feinting with his hands. Perhaps if his right forearm had been up he could have alleviated some of the impact but he once against committed the technical sin of straightening his arms as his opponent came in. Whether Bisping was trying to catch a body kick or slip the left straight he had just taken on the snout is unclear - but whichever he was attempting it probably wasn't worth it.
It was fantastic to see Vitor Belfort exploiting weakness rather than simply swarming on an opponent and hoping to overwhelm him, but ultimately this puts the middlweight division back a step. Belcher and Bisping have both failed to win their last bout, and Belfort and Okami have shown nowhere near the kind of improvement to lead anyone to believe they would be much of a challenge for Anderson Silva.
The finish was an unexpected shock to the system and ended a night of pretty appalling fights in spectacular fashion. The less said about paid professional athletes Ben Rothwell and Gabriel Gonzaga exhausting themselves inside of four minutes the better, but hopefully this weekend's fights can do something to take the taste of that from our mouths. Stay tuned to my SBN blog this week for Glover vs Rampage analysis and Cerrone vs Pettis analysis, and follow my twitter to hear more of me predicting head kicks from the wrong man!
Learn the techniques and strategies of effective striking in Jack Slack's BRAND-NEW ebook: Elementary Striking.
20 of the world's top strikers from boxing, kickboxing and MMA have their techniques dissected in Jack Slack's first ebook, Advanced Striking.
Jack can be found on Twitter, Facebook and at his blog; Fights Gone By.
Eric Roper had a must-read article in the Star Tribune this weekend about suburban low-wage jobs and the challenge of transit for those workers. It has a bunch of interesting stories for people who think about transit, density, and employment.
It also includes this map!
It's worth noting that the total number of jobs in Minneapolis, Saint Paul, and Bloomington are really large, and they're always going to be highlighted here. But the growth in different suburbs like Eagan, Chanhassen, Woodbury, and Brooklyn Park Maple Grove is pretty notable. Also notable is the lack of transit and affordable housing for working-class people in many of these same cities.
Check out the whole piece.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Related
Streets.mn is a non-profit and is volunteer run. We rely on your support to keep the servers running. If you value what you read, please consider becoming a member.
Amesbury () is a town and civil parish in Wiltshire, England. It is most famous for the prehistoric monument of Stonehenge which is in its parish, and for the discovery of the Amesbury Archer—dubbed the King of Stonehenge in the press—in 2002. It has been confirmed by archaeologists that it is the oldest continuously occupied settlement in the United Kingdom, having been first settled around 8820 BC.[2]
King Alfred the Great left it in his will, a copy of which is in the British Library, to his youngest son Aethelweard (c.880-922).
Eleanor of Provence, Queen consort of Henry III of England, died in Amesbury on 24 or 25 June 1291, and was buried in Amesbury Priory.
The parish includes the hamlets of Ratfyn and West Amesbury, and most of Boscombe Down military airfield.
Geography [ edit ]
Amesbury is located in southern Wiltshire, 7 miles (11 km) north-northeast of Salisbury on the A345. It sits in the River Avon valley on the southern fringes of Salisbury Plain and has historically been considered an important river crossing area on the road from London to Warminster and Exeter. This has continued into the present with the building of the A303 across the Avon next to the town. Originally the town developed around the water meadows next to several bends in the river, but in time has spread onto the valley hillsides and absorbed part of the military airfield at Boscombe Down.[3]
History [ edit ]
Ancient and medieval history [ edit ]
The land around Amesbury has been settled since prehistoric times, evidenced by the monument of Stonehenge. Other finds in the parish point to large scale prehistoric structures and settlements in the whole area, including Bluestonehenge at West Amesbury, the numerous other monuments around Stonehenge, the discovery of a Neolithic village in the neighbouring parish of Durrington by the Stonehenge Riverside Project, and continuing excavations at Boscombe Down where Wessex Archaeology found the Amesbury Archer and Boscombe Bowmen.[4] They are now on display at Salisbury and South Wiltshire Museum. Amesbury is recognized as the oldest continuously occupied UK settlement.[5]
During the Iron Age a large hill fort now known as Vespasian's Camp was built alongside the Avenue and overlooking the River Avon. The fort could easily have catered for up to 1000 people, and was probably surrounded by smaller settlements and farming communities.[6]
Roman remains are poorly documented at Amesbury, but excavations have revealed Roman structures in the Stonehenge landscape, and Wessex Archaeology have discovered a large Roman graveyard in the area of the Amesbury Archer burial.[7] It is likely that there was a large Romano-British settlement overlooking the River Avon at this point.[8]
It has been suggested that the name of Amesbury is derived from Ambrosius Aurelianus, leader of Romano-British resistance to Saxon invasions in the 5th century.[9] If this is the case he is likely to have used the hill fort as a stronghold.[citation needed] It is possible that an order of monks established a monastery in the area that was destroyed by the Saxons before they settled the area in the 7th century.[10] Amesbury is also associated with the Arthurian legend: the convent to which Guinevere retired was said to have been the one at Amesbury.[11]
In 979 AD a Benedictine abbey, the Abbey of St Mary and St Melor, was founded on what may have been the site of a previous monastery by Dowager Queen Ælfthryth.[12] In 1177 the abbey was dissolved by Henry II[13] and replaced with a double priory of the Fontevraud order.[14] Eleanor of Provence was buried in the priory on 11 September 1291. At some point in time it seems likely that the church became the parish church, and it is possible that this is why it was spared destruction in 1540 when, as part of the reformation, the priory and all other associated buildings were destroyed. Amesbury became an estate and was given to Edward Seymour, 1st Earl of Hertford by the crown.[15]
On John Speed's map of Wiltshire (1611), the town's name is spelt both Amesbury (for the hundred) and Ambersbury (for the town itself).
Modern history [ edit ]
The Seymour family held Amesbury estate until 1675 and had several grand homes built, including Kent and Diana houses, and a new mansion in 1660. The estate subsequently passed to the Bruce family, and then to Lord Carleton, who bequeathed it to his nephew Charles Douglas, 3rd Duke of Queensberry. It remained in the Queensberry family until 1824. It is believed that at some point in the early 19th century, William Douglas, 4th Duke of Queensberry planted the Nile Clumps to commemorate Admiral Nelson and had the hill fort landscaped as part of the grounds around the mansion. In 1824 the Antrobus family acquired the estate and it remained in their hands until 1915 when, after the last heir was killed in France, Lord Antrobus sold the grounds–-including Stonehenge-–to private bidders. The mansion remained in their hands until 1979.[16]
In 1677, John Rose, gentleman, founded two schools at Amesbury, a grammar school for teaching grammar, writing, and ciphering to twenty children born in the parish, and an "English school" to prepare twenty children of poor parents for the grammar school. By a decree in Chancery of 1831, the freedom of the grammar school was extended to children of "mechanics, artisans, and small tradesmen".[17] The grammar school was closed in 1899, and the children were transferred to a National School.[18]
Recent history [ edit ]
With the establishment of the military Aeroplane and Armament Experimental Establishment at Boscombe Down in 1939, Amesbury began to expand. As it sits on the A303 commuter belt, Amesbury has seen substantial developments on the land between the old town centre and Boscombe Down. Several new housing estates have been completed, and the most recent one – Archers Gate – has taken its name from the discovery of the Amesbury Archer. At the Boscombe Down junction of the A303 a new mixed business development known as Solstice Park has been built and plans have been submitted for a Regional Distribution Centre for a major retailer.[19]
On 30 June 2018, two British nationals were poisoned using Novichok nerve agents before being found unconscious at a property in Amesbury.[20] The poisonings are currently under further investigation. Almost four months prior to the Amesbury attack, the same nerve agents were used in the poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal in nearby Salisbury.
Population [ edit ]
At the 2011 Census the population of the civil parish was 10,724.[1] For the Amesbury Community Area the mid-2011 population was estimated to be 33,660[21] (this is a wide area stretching to Tilshead, Larkhill and Figheldean in the north; Cholderton in the east; the Winterbournes, the Woodfords and Great Wishford in the south; and Wylye in the west).[22]
Local government [ edit ]
The civil parish elects a town council. It is in the area of Wiltshire Council unitary authority, which is responsible for all significant local government functions.
Economy [ edit ]
Avient Aviation had its United Kingdom offices in the Minton Distribution Park in Amesbury.[23][24]
Transport [ edit ]
Amesbury is 6 miles (10 km) from the nearest station at Grateley on the London to Salisbury line. The town's own station, Amesbury railway station, was closed in 1963 along with the rest of the Bulford Camp Railway.
Amesbury Bus Station closed in January 2014 along with the station in nearby Salisbury as a cost cutting measure,[25] but longer distance Salisbury Reds services still stop in the town. Stagecoach operates a Salisbury-Amesbury-Tidworth-Andover service,[26] and National Express coaches run Salisbury-Amesbury-London.[27]
Religious sites [ edit ]
The Church of England parish church of St Mary and St Melor is Grade I listed.[28] It dates from the 12th century but was restored by William Butterfield in 1852-3.[29]
Amesbury Methodist Church was built in 1900, replacing an 1816 chapel.[30][31] Christ the King Catholic church opened in 1985, replacing a 1933 building on a different site.[32][33] Amesbury Baptist Church was built in 1997.[34][35]
Notable buildings [ edit ]
The mansion known as Amesbury Abbey is Grade I listed.[36] It was built in 1834-1840 by architect Thomas Hopper for Sir Edmund Antrobus and replaced a house built in 1661 by John Webb for the 2nd Duke of Somerset.
Diana's House[37] and Kent House,[38] gatehouses to the Abbey from the early 17th century, are both Grade II* listed.
West Amesbury House is from the 15th century and is Grade I listed; it was remodelled in the early 20th century by Detmar Blow.[39]
Education [ edit ]
Amesbury has four schools:
Sport and leisure [ edit ]
Amesbury has a Non-League football club, Amesbury Town F.C., which plays at Bonnymead Park.
In popular culture [ edit ]
Although Stonehenge falls within the parish of Amesbury, the town does not directly benefit from the monument's fame.[43] However, Amesbury has appeared in the public eye on its own merits in the past.
In 2002, the discovery of the richest Bronze Age burial site yet found in Britain was made at Amesbury. The remains of two men of apparently aristocratic rank were accompanied by over 100 objects including arrowheads, copper knives and the earliest worked gold in the country. The occupant of the more richly furnished grave has become known as the "Amesbury Archer".[4]
The town is linked to the Arthurian legend as it is popularly believed that Guinevere retired to the original convent at Amesbury after leaving Arthur. Legend holds that she is buried in the grounds of the former Abbey.[44]
From 3–5 May 1965, The Beatles stayed at The Antrobus Hotel during the filming of Help! on Salisbury Plain. The Antrobus Hotel and the former Plaza Cinema were both used as locations for the filming of a BBC Miss Marple mystery.[45]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Germany's parliamentarians were in agreement: President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's anti-Israeli and anti-Jewish remarks were "entirely unacceptable."
Ahmadinejad caused international outrage in the past few weeks with a series of remarks, in which he said Israel -- described as a tumor -- should be wiped off the map, or moved to Europe, casting doubt on whether the mass extermination of Jews in Nazi Germany ever took place.
"For us, the unconditional acknowledgement of the State of Israel's right to exist is one of the fundamental pillars of German foreign policy," pronounced Deputy Foreign Minister Gernot Erler in the name of the German government.
Aside from a small group of right-wing extremists, a broad consensus in German society sees the World War II extermination of six million Jews as a historical fact that cannot be denied, according to historian Wolfgang Benz, who heads the Center for Anti-Semitism Research in Berlin.
"Everyone has gotten it: The Holocaust took place, the genocide existed. And it wrought horrible consequences that we continue to suffer from today," Benz said.
Delayed acknowledgement
West Germany was indeed slow to come to turns with its Nazi past. The Nuremberg War Crimes Tribunal brought the horrors of Hitler's regime to light, despite the fact that many Germans didn't want to talk about what happened.
Germany has come clean about the Holocaust
"People were ashamed. People felt guilty and didn't want to deal with it publicly," Benz said. But they didn't deny it."
West Germany first made an effort during the student demonstrations in the late 1960s. They weren't just protesting against the Vietnam War, but also demanded that their parents speak openly about the Nazi past.
An unexpectedly passionate debate developed in West Germany in the late 1970s, when "Holocaust," an American mini-series about a Jewish family during the Third Reich, was aired on television. People began to grasp the emotional dimension of the Holocaust in which real people were killed, not just an abstract figure of six million, Benz said.
In the mid-1980s, German newspapers were filled with the so-called Historiker-Streit, a passionate dispute between German historians, not about whether the Holocaust occurred, but about whether it was a unique event in world history. In the end, the opinion prevailed that the Holocaust was a crime that could not be equated or even compared to the horrors of Stalin's regime in the Soviet Union.
Holocaust denial illegal
Germany's parliament passed legislation in 1985, making it a crime to deny the extermination of the Jews. In 1994, the law was tightened. Now, anyone who publicly endorses, denies or plays down the genocide against the Jews faces a maximum penalty of five years in jail and no less than the imposition of a fine.
"It affects the agitator who claims the Jews prey on the German people, that they invented the Holocaust for that purpose, that foreigners should all be thrown out and that the discussion should finally be over with," Benz said. "He must be punished because he engages in incitement of the masses, because he slanders the memory of those murdered, because he slanders our fellow citizens."
Austria imposes even tougher penalties for such offences. Historian and Holocaust-denier David Irving, who was recently arrested there, faces up to 20 years in jail.
Fleet Foxes have shared another song off their forthcoming album Crack-Up. It's called “If You Need To, Keep Time on Me,” and it follows their previously released tracks “Fool's Errand” and “Third of May / Ōdaigahara.” (Read Robin Pecknold's annotations of those songs here.) Listen below. Crack-Up arrives June 16 via Nonesuch. The album will stream in full tomorrow via NPR First Listen. The band has also announced that they will appear on "Colbert" on June 16 and "CBS This Morning" on June 17.
have played a handful of shows ahead of the record's release, including four concerts at the Sydney Opera House. Watch one of those performances in its entirety here. Find Fleet Foxes' upcoming tour dates here.
Read Pitchfork's new profile “Life and Death on Manhattan Island: Fleet Foxes' Robin Pecknold Returns.”
PAZARBHANGA, India (Reuters) - India's annual monsoon has claimed 109 lives since rains started in June and left at least 400,000 people homeless in the northeastern state of Assam, in a tragedy experts say was made worse by corruption and poor management of the Brahmaputra River.
A father carries his newly-born baby as he takes his baby home from a maternity hospital, through a flooded street during "World Population Day" in Kolkata July 11, 2012. REUTERS/Rupak De Chowdhuri
A senior member of the Assam Human Rights Commission, a government body, told Reuters it suspects millions of dollars meant for flood control have been siphoned off by state water department officials in the last five years. The commission has demanded a high-level investigation by the government.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who represents Assam in the upper house of parliament, called the floods the worst in recent times and promised $1,800 to each victim's family in compensation. Critics say that much of the money will evaporate.
“Corruption is rampant before and after a flood,” said Arup Misra, a prominent environmental activist in the state and a professor at Assam Engineering College. “Some officials eagerly wait for floods as they could make money on repairing of embankments and relief distribution.”
Over the past 60 years successive governments have built levees along most of the length of the volatile Brahmaputra, which is Assam's main river and is fed by Himalayan snow melt and some of the world's heaviest rainfall. Experts say these embankments are both criminally under-maintained and a discredited form of flood management.
Assam is famed as a tea-growing region and rich in oil and timber. It is also home to the Kaziranga National Park that hosts two-thirds of the world's Great One-horned Rhinoceroses.
LEVEE BREACH DESTROYS HOMES
Nearly a decade ago, Hannan Sikdar's father lost his home and farm to floods in Assam. On June 28, the same fate struck Sikdar and his family of 10 when the Brahmaputra burst through a dike and swept away their home and everything they owned in the middle of the night.
Assam's population is on the rise, and like millions of others, Sikdar lived in a danger zone right next to the river's mud embankment. Millions of dollars were assigned to keep levees in good shape. But in eight years living there, Sikdar says nobody even came to talk about the risks.
“This was the place where we made our home when my father lost his property several years ago,” said the 30-year-old, looking down at the wreckage of his bamboo and wood house from a new makeshift hut further along the embankment.
“We were never told that this embankment could break.”
Rajiv Sinha, an expert on river dynamics, said the levees prevent the river from spreading silt in its natural flood plain, causing the river to clog up and increasing the frequency and intensity of floods. Similar embankments downstream in Bangladesh have also been blamed for devastating flooding.
“In the last fifty years, two things have happened — the expenditure on flood control has increased tremendously, and at the same time the damage caused by floods has also increased exponentially,” said Sinha, who teaches geosciences at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kanpur.
Globally, flood management trends are moving away from levee-type measures to natural storage areas such as swamps and wetlands. But Assam has failed to come up with any modern, long-term plan to harness the river.
Entire villages, such as the one Sikdar belonged to, have cropped up in flood-prone areas and their only layer of protection is a neglected, crumbling mud wall.
As heavy rains continue, officials fear a second spell of floods soon, but victims such as Hanan Sikdar continue to live in tiny straw and tin shelters next to the broad river.
“People are living in danger zones out of compulsion,” said Chandan Talukdar relief worker with Sikdar. “Till alternative land is found, these people will remain on embankments.”
I'm just returning from an exciting, yet short, trip to San Diego with Matt's family. Matt's little sister Hilary moved out there in the last year and we thought it would be a great location for a little family reunion. The weekend was full of activity – we did some site seeing, ran a half marathon, jumped in the ocean, and kayaked through the bay. Those Californians have it pretty good.
Still, if you can look beyond our lack of year-around-all-you-need-is-a-light-jacket weather, Chicago does come with it's own set of benefits. I don't think you can really, fully appreciate spring if you haven't spent the last several months hibernating. You only have to go through the pain and suffering of a midwest winter once and a single tulip or stalk of fresh asparagus is enough to having you jumping up and down with excitement. In Chicago we're fighting the shivers to sit outside, because it's in the 50s and that actually feels warm – meanwhile southern Californians are complaining because its only 65 and, wait for it…cloudy (the horror!). It was reminding me of this video, hearing people's reactions to any less-than-ideal weather. Too funny.
I'm ready to spend more time outside (even if it is in the fresh but still slightly chilling air of Chicago's spring) and less time in the kitchen. It's also a good time of year to start eating a bit healthier and this frittata highlights one of my everyone's favorite spring vegetables: asparagus! It's good right out of the oven but can also be enjoyed at room temperature, making it the perfect entree for a picnic or any al fresco dining,
I prefer to flip the standard frittata proportions and make things a little more heavy on the veggies, lighter on the egg. You can throw in some milk or cream with the whisked eggs if you have any in your fridge – I didn't and I didn't think the recipe missed it. The focus in this recipe is really all on the asparagus so if it's not your favorite vegetable find a different one! Just adjust the cooking times to ensure its crisp-tender prior to adding the eggs.
This makes a thinner frittata that is about one inch thick. Add more eggs if you want something a little heftier. I find it's best to enjoy a slice with a dollop of greek yogurt and a drizzle of hot sauce.
Free The King of Fighters XIV PS4 Themes Released on the European PlayStation Store
Giuseppe Nelva November 28, 2016 3:28:25 PM EST
Today Deep Silver released two free PS4 themes dedicated to The King of Fighters XIV on the European PlayStation Store.
The two themes are the Fatal Fury Theme and the South American Fighters Theme. While both are static, they feature custom music, sound effects and icons, which is certainly better than nothing
At the moment, the themes have not been released in North America, unlike the older Gal's Fighters theme, that was launched back in August. It's quite likely that they might appear in the near future, but if you can't wait, you can download them with an European account and then use it for all the accounts on your PS4, as long as they are set as primary.
Speaking of Deep Silver and themes, there is still no word on the free Persona 5 theme, which was supposed to be released in Europe on November 24th, but that did not appear yet. Not even Atlus USA's John Hardin, who made the announcement to begin with, was able to come up with clear info on the issue, but he promised to check in with Deep Silver about it. We'll keep you posted if he finds out something specific.
In the meanwhile, you can check out the new themes in the gallery below.
The lost Jewish history of Rawalpindi
0 SHARES Email
While roaming the streets of Babu Mohallah, one singles out this old yellow building with its distinct features. The abundance of old and new buildings of Nishtar Street fails to overshadow the tall, three-story building with peculiar texture and strong colonial features. What makes this old yellowish facade even more intriguing is the Star of David's situated on its top that have survived almost a century despite the predisposed hatred and revulsion. The building, former coal centre and the present Rehman Manzil, is the only intact Jewish architecture in Rawalpindi.
Rawalpindi, a 1000 BC historical city, General Headquarters of Pakistan Army and the twin city of Islamabad has a lot more to tell than its bureaucratic ties and military tales.
Babu Mohallah is one of the oldest neighbourhoods and business hubs of the city. Known today as Asia's leading car parts market, its rich and diverse cultural heritage makes it deceptively fascinating. On one side stands the grand Bohra Mosque with a thriving Bohra community. Right next to it you'll find an old Victorian church and a Hindu temple right in the backstreet. The Jewish building on Nishtar Street lies in the middle.
Compared to other colonial and pre-partition buildings in the area, the exterior of this building indicates that it has been maintained. Along with the David stars that smile proudly at onlookers, the building is adorned with bat wings (symbolising good luck) along with the iconic Masonic compass symbols embellishing the doors. The building resembles a synagogue in India that was constructed by the Jews from Iraq and Iran in the late 1800s. The affluence and grandeur of a wealthy class is quite marked and parallel in the two infrastructures.
The history of Jews in Rawalpindi dates back to 1839 when many Jewish families from Mashhad fled to save themselves from the persecutions and settled in various parts of subcontinent including Peshawar and Rawalpindi. Since they were traders, Babu Mohallah (at that time a business centre) in a location close to the railway station, urged them to settle within this area. According to 1901 census and Rawalpindi Gazette, Mashhadi Jews were a thriving tribe of Rawalpindi. However, after partition, many families migrated to Bombay and the rest left gradually in the late 60s. At present, the word ‘Jews' is only limited to an old British administrative gazette in TMA building opposite Gordon College which is not open to the general public and academics.
This stunning building, once used as a synagogue and assembly hall, is now in shambles. It is occupied by three families who refuse to talk to visitors and discourage them looking inside. The locals say this area used to comprise of other such buildings; they were either demolished or renovated to curb the identity and with the passage of time new plazas and multi-story residential buildings took their place. A similar building still exists in Ahata Mitho Khan which used to have the same carvings and David stars but was recently renovated and converted into a spare part market – Khan Market.
Despite some articles on the Jews that reside in Karachi and a slight mention of Mashhadi Jews, there's apparently no information on Rawalpindi Jews, their lifestyles and worship. The area, being in close proximity to the GHQ and religious sites, is also quite socially sensitive. The locals are resilient in talking about the community – some because of hatred, and some because of fear. This act of defiance doesn't just lie among the locals, but is also rooted within the government. While wandering among the streets, you will be stopped and questioned by officials. The locals also resist talking about the history and shed very limited information. However, an old resident who was born in the neighbourhood in the late 30s said something astonishing,
“There were Jews living in the city till late 90's. Although the family moved to some other city, they still come and visit these streets.”
Most of us are practically unaware of the fact that Jews were once an active part of our community and even now continue to reside in this country. In 2013, the electoral list exhibited an astonishing number of 809 people who declared themselves as Jews. Pakistan, a non-Arab country that was never technically in war against the Jewish state, is one of its staunch opponents. There are a number of Jewish families living in Tel Aviv who distinguish themselves as Pakistani. Despite undeclared defense ties and cooperation, our hostility towards the Jews is virulent; our dislike is evident in just our attitude towards their infrastructure (which is just as integral to our own history!).
These buildings are rich with history, lineage and culture. We have a duty to preserve it for generations to follow rather than treating them the way we treat our minorities, as a British journalist aptly put it,
“To be a Jew is to be a scapegoat – as unnerving an experience in Pakistan.”
Queens beer bar Snowdonia is now offering growlers of its draft beers and canned brews for home delivery. View Full Caption Jhon Catano-Betancur
ASTORIA — A pub in Queens is bringing its craft beers straight to your door.
Snowdonia, a trappist-style gastropub that opened last year at 34-55 32nd St., is kicking up its home delivery service to include growlers of its draft beers and canned brews.
"I don't know why more people don't do it," said Matthew Callahan, the bar's marketing director. Like many busy New Yorkers, he says he often relies on delivery takeout for dinner. He started wondering if there was a way to get beer delivered, too.
"If we can get the rest of our life delivered to us, why can't we get our draft beer delivered to us?" he said.
It turns out, you can: while online services like Grubhub and Seamless don't offer booze delivery, the website Delivery.com does, Callahan said. Snowdonia launched its service on the site last week, offering its extensive menu of canned craft beers as well as its 10 draft brews for delivery.
The draft beers come in 64 oz. growlers that cost $24 or $29, which includes a $5 growler deposit fee that customers can get get refunded by either dropping it off at the bar in person or returning it to the delivery person during their next order.
Customers can also order from the pub's food menu on Delivery.com, as well as on Seamless and Grubhub. Delivery is currently available for addresses between Crescent Street and Steinway Street from 30th Avenue to 36th Avenue, though Callahan said they're looking to expand soon.
In addition to their beer delivery, the eatery recently launched a "Flights and Bites," beer dinner series featuring brews from a different craft brewery each month paired with three food courses from the Snowdonia kitchen.
This month's dinner will take place March 25 and feature Bell's Brewery. Tickets are $45, and reservations be purchased here.
Apr 11, 2015; St. Louis, MO, USA; Minnesota Wild goalie Devan Dubnyk (40) allows a goal to St. Louis Blues right wing Dmitrij Jaskin (23) as Patrik Berglund (21) looks on during the second period at Scottrade Center. The Blues won the game 4-2. Mandatory Credit: Billy Hurst-USA TODAY Sports
The St. Louis Blues have all the right things going for a deep playoff run in the 2015 Stanley Cup Playoffs. At least as of the opening puck-drop of Game One of their quarterfinal series with the Minnesota Wild, the Blues can check off all the major items teams and coaches look for entering the playoffs.
Strong Seeding And A Likelihood Of Home Ice Through The Conference Finals
The Blues have the number two seed in the Western Conference, meaning they will have home ice through the Conference Finals against any team not named the Anaheim Ducks.
While players often downplay the advantage of home ice, every coach and every player wants it, and fans who know the game are aware that history slants heavily in favor of home teams, especially in those all-important Game Sevens.
Arguably the most important advantage of home ice has nothing to do with fan support or team performance but with the fact that the home team gets the last substitution, and can get more of the matchups it wants on the ice than the visiting team. In a close series that can be another difference-maker, especially if the home team is good at winning faceoffs in the offensive zone that night.
It is also far from a foregone conclusion that the Ducks will make it to the Conference Final. Like the Blues, the Ducks have a reputation the last few years for strong regular season teams that exit early in the playoffs. Indeed, Bruce Boudreau-led teams in general have suffered this fate, going back to the President's Trophy-winning Washington Capitals in 2009-10, who lost their first-round series against the eighth-seeded Montreal Canadiens.
Sure, there have been exceptions across all sports like the Los Angeles Kings that have won the Stanley Cup on the road. But this has never been and is still not a winning recipe for a world championship. Just knowing that the Blues will have home ice against all the teams in their division gives them a psychological edge that will most likely matter in every series they play.
Even as abysmal as the Blues were at the end of last season, they won their first two home playoff games against one of the elite teams in the NHL, the Chicago Blackhawks. Enough said.
Ending On A Winning Note
Last season the Blues lost their last six regular-season games in a row, even losing to teams who rested their star players and for whom the games were meaningless. After their first two wins at home in their first-round series against the Blackhawks, their collapse mirrored the end of their regular season.
This year the Blues won five of their last six games, and all but one were against teams who made the playoffs. Their lone loss, 1-0 to the Winnipeg Jets, only transpired due to a ridiculous no-goal call and numerous other officiating gaffes that made the game arguably the worst-called one-sided game of the Blues' entire season.
The streak included two clutch 2-1 wins over their arch-rivals the Blackhawks, still arguably the greatest threat in the division, especially with the news coming out of Chicago that superstar Patrick Kane is cleared to play the first game in their series against the Nashville Predators.
Their strong run also included a dominating 4-2 win in the regular season finale against their first-round opponent, the Minnesota Wild, ending the Wild's bid for an all-time NHL record 13 consecutive road wins and chasing red-hot goalie Devan Dubnyk in the third period.
It would be a mistake to think these wins do not give the Blues something they clearly lacked in last year's quarterfinal series against Chicago: confidence. The end of the second period in the Wild finale was especially gratifying: with the Blues up 2-0 with just over a minute to play, Marco Scandella beat Elliott to halve the Blues lead and potentially change the game's complexion going into the intermission. But a mere half-minute later, Jori Lehtera scored to restore the Blues' two-goal lead. It was a back-breaker for the Wild.
This year the only scratches in Game One against the Wild will be healthy ones. When Vladimir Tarasenko and Alexander Steen returned from their injuries for the finale against the Wild, they made immediate and game-deciding contributions.
These are the kinds of character wins that define a strong team capable of going deep in the playoffs. Coming back and beating the Blackhawks, who were in a desperate position, at Scottrade four days after beating them in their own rink is at least as impressive as the Wild victory, if not more so, and will put thoughts in the 'Hawks' minds if they meet up again that had not been there before.
Health And Depth
The St. Louis Blues have both going into the playoffs this year. Just as critical to the Blues' demise in last season's playoffs as their downward spiral—and in significant part the cause of it—was the plethora of injuries the team suffered in the final month of the season.
With a half-dozen players injured before the playoffs, including Vladimir Tarasenko, David Backes, T.J. Oshie, and Vladimir Sobotka, the Blues could not congeal again as a unit in time. Oshie was still out as the playoffs began, and Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook's hit on David Backes knocked him out of the series for Games Three and Four, during which time the Blues were clearly not the same team.
This year the only scratches in Game One against the Wild will be healthy ones. When Vladimir Tarasenko and Alexander Steen returned from their injuries for the finale against the Wild, they made immediate and game-deciding contributions. Tarasenko scored their second goal and assisted on the third, while Steen assisted on both the second and third goals scored within 90 seconds of one another.
Both goalies are healthy as well, and in addition to providing a one-two punch in goal, the Blues boast two juggernaut lines, the Steen-Oshie-Backes (“SOB”) line and the Schwartz-Lehtera-Tarasenko (“STL”) line. Except for the Tampa Bay Lightning, the Blues can roll two lines with more collective points between them than any other team in the NHL.
That kind of power will keep opposing coaches up late at night. The Blues have five players with over 50 points and nine with over 40 points. (By comparison, the Blackhawks have four players with over 50 points and nine with over 30 points, and so do the President's Trophy-winning New York Rangers.)
Moreover, with center Paul Stastny and veteran forward Steve Ott keying the third and fourth lines, the Blues can roll four balanced lines on the attack. This is huge in the playoffs, if one or two-star players' sticks go silent for a spell. Lately the fourth “grinder” line of Steve Ott-Marcel Goc-Ryan Reaves has been both the most punishing and hard-working line of the four.
The St. Louis Blues scored 248 goals during the regular season, more than any playoff team except the Bolts and the Rangers, and more than any team in the Western Conference except Dallas. A couple of the most infrequent scorers have recently had success. The oft-maligned Patrik Berglund has scored a third of his 12 goals in the last two weeks of the season. Jori Lehtera, who had scored only one goal in his previous 11 outings, netted two in the season finale.
The Blues' depth on the back line is well-documented, and they made acquisitions at the trade deadline that have shored up the blue line even more. With Alex Pietrangelo, Jay Bouwmeester, Kevin Shattenkirk, and Barrett Jackman all healthy and productive, the Blues front one of the best blueline rosters in the NHL.
The Blues also added blueliner Zbynek Michalek from the Coyotes at the trade deadline, a reliable, mobile defender with superb defensive-zone skills and a big right-hand shot that can contribute on the powerplay. Newcomer Robert Bortuzzo, 6'4, 215 pounds, also picked up at the deadline from the Pittsburgh Penguins, is a solid, physical, no-nonsense addition to the D-corps. If one of them goes down, Peterri Lindbohm, a younger and nearly-as-big version of Bortuzzo, can be called up to take his place. Blueliner Carl Gunnarsson, after a couple early puck management errors, appears to be settling in to a more stable presence on the back line.
Hot Goaltending At The Right Time
The knock on the Blues for years has been their goaltending. Last year they sent off Jaro Halak and traded at the deadline for Buffalo Sabres stalwart/Double Agent Ryan Miller, whom an underworld figure must have secretly and lavishly paid by the soft goal.
Following the unrepentant Miller's release, Brian Elliott took over the starter position and has played well, it seems, with a 26-14-3 record, a 2.26 GAA, and a .917 save percentage. He had five shutouts.
Elliott does splendidly, until he doesn't, which generally transpires every third game when he lets in 3 or 4 of the first ten shots and the Blues go down in flames. (See Dallas Stars 4-1 February 17 victory where they scored 3 goals on their first 6 shots, and Columbus Blue Jackets 7-1 victory February 6 where they scored 4 goals in their first 14 shots as two such examples.) This is a problem for a team aspiring to win the Cup.
Backup Jake Allen finished 22-7-4 with a 2.28 GAA, a .913 save percentage, and four shutouts. Hitch protected Allen well for most of the season, only starting him against non-elite teams, and he did very well in those contests. Then, Hitch started Allen against the high-flying Montreal Canadiens on February 24, which the Habs won 5-2. Allen's save percentage was a geriatric .783.
Granted, the Blues, as they sometimes do, committed puck management errors and surrendered multiple odd-man breaks, but the notion Allen could steal those kinds of games did not seem any more plausible than it was with Elliott.
Hitch has given both his goalies the supreme motivation to play beyond their means and in the closing four games of the season, both men met the challenge.
However, Allen redeemed himself a month later in back-to-back road contests against the Detroit Red Wings and the Pittsburgh Penguins, playoff-bound teams, on March 22 and 24 respectively. Allen played strong in the Detroit game, allowing only one goal in regulation off a weird bounce, and lost in OT off a controversial broken-stick goal. In Pittsburgh he only gave up two goals and the Blues won in OT, 3-2.
Hitch's Brilliant Ploy
Then in the crucial last week of the season Hitch started Allen in three consecutive games, and Allen stood on his head in every one. He made numerous highlight-reel saves including an early 2-on-0 break and kept all but one of 39 shots out of the net against the Blackhawks on Easter Sunday en route to the Blues' win. He was awarded first star. Allen was awarded second star in the second game in spite of losing 1-0 to the Peg. In the second game against the Blackhawks he saved 21 of 22 shots and was first star.
In the final game of the season, Hitch started Elliott, probably both to humor his starting goalie and to see how he would fare in the last game, knowing that Allen had possibly set the table to get the nod in the first game against the Wild in the first round. Elliott played strong, keeping it scoreless with a spectacular early sequence and saving 23 of 25 overall.
Hitch has given both his goalies the supreme motivation to play beyond their means and in the closing four games of the season, both men met the challenge. Nothing is more defining of playoff success than a hot hand in goal, and until proven otherwise, the Blues have that as of now.
The Blues know they will be facing Dubnyk and that is no small challenge, though chasing him in the last game either team has played may not help his confidence. As CBS Sports' Chris Peters writes, Dubnyk is a “complete unknown” in the playoffs and Game One will be his first-ever Stanley Cup appearance.
The Wild, meanwhile, must prepare for both Elliott and Allen, as Hitch is being mum about who will get the nod to start. If the starter faulters, he has a strong backup.
NHL.com's Louie Korac reported Hitchcock said this about the Wild series:
“The hot hand for me in the playoffs is . . . I think you've really got to base on who played well against the opposition . . . Some goalies are set up for different type of opposition. [Elliott] has played more against this team and he's played well. We like them both though . . . [W]e've got a veteran guy who's had a good experience and a young guy who's really emerging. I've got the best of both worlds.”
Vladimir Tarasenko
Not much needs to be said here. Leading the Blues with 37 goals and 73 points in 76 games, Vladimir Tarasenko is unlike any Blues player since Brett Hull. In his first real playoff campaign last year, Tarasenko came into Game One of the Blackhawks series after missing a month with a hand injury and surgery and scored a goal. By Game Four he had racked up a total of four goals and led the NHL playoffs. Then against the Wild in this season's finale, his first game back from an injury, he notches a goal and an assist.
If you believe we have seen the best this kid will deliver, that is still a lot for any team to contend with. If, like me, you believe we are seeing the low end of what he will do later on, he may propel the Blues to the Stanley Cup Finals this year, and help them win it next year, if not now. If the St. Louis Blues stay healthy, continue to get strong goaltending, and Tarasenko does his thing, it is hard to imagine who will stop them.
Let us know your thoughts, Blues fans!
After treating the enthusiast community to the Republic of Gamers (ROG) ARES Dual HD 5870 graphics accelerator , ASUS isn't wasting any time is designing its successor, referred to (for now) as "MARS II". This graphics accelerator uses two NVIDIA GeForce GTX 480 (GF100) GPUs on one board, that's right, the first dual-GPU accelerator based on GF100, which is dreaded for its thermal and electrical characteristics so much, that NVIDIA is content with having the second-fastest graphics card in the market (GTX 480), with no immediate plans of working on a dual-GPU accelerator.ASUS' ambitious attempt is in the design stage deep inside its R&D, where the design is in an evaluation state. The R&D gave us some exclusive pictures of the MARS II PCB to treat you with. To begin with, the card's basic design is consistent with almost every other dual-GPU NVIDIA card in recent past. There are two independent GPU systems, each with its own VRM and memory, which are interconnected by an internal SLI, and connected to the system bus by an nForce 200 bridge chips. On this card, two GF100 GPUs with the same configuration as GeForce GTX 480 (GF100-375-A3) are used, each having 480 CUDA cores, and connecting to 1536 MB of GDDR5 memory across a 384-bit wide memory interface.ASUS' innovations kick in right from the PCB, since it takes a lot of effort to keep such a design electrically stable, as well form an overclockers' product. MARS II uses a PCB with 3 oz copper layers to increase electrical stability, and used a strong VRM. Each GPU system is fed by an 8+2 phase VRM of its own, which use a new Super Alloy choke that reduces core energy loss. The card takes its power input from three 8-pin power inputs, which are fused.The card is quad SLI capable, and can pair with another of its kind (and probably single GTX 480s). To cool this monstrosity, ASUS is coming up with a beefier than ever cooling solution. With the product being still at an evaluation stage, how long it will take to reach production, or whether it will in the first place, remains to be seen.
Ben Leber (born December 7, 1978) is a retired American football linebacker in the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft and later played for the Minnesota Vikings.
Early years [ edit ]
Lining up primarily at running back, Leber was named to several high school All-America teams at Vermillion High School in Vermillion, South Dakota. As a junior, he rushed for 1,404 yards and 18 touchdowns, and notched 1,350 yards in his senior year. That season, he was declared a Parade Magazine All-America (the only South Dakotan so honored in 1997), an honorable mention All-USA by USA Today, and was selected to play in the North-South Dakota All-Star game. An excellent student, he was also an Academic All-State selection.
College career [ edit ]
At Kansas State, Leber made the switch to full-time linebacker. A two-time All-Big 12 selection, he finished his college career with 216 tackles, 46 tackles for loss, and 13.5 sacks. His 216 career tackles were the fifth most in Kansas State history. As a junior, he earned second team all-conference honors. The year later, he was an All-America third-team selection by the Associated Press, a consensus All-Big 12 Conference first-team choice, and a team captain. He received a degree in business-general management in 2002.
Professional career [ edit ]
Pre-draft measurables Ht Wt 40-yard dash 10-yd split 20-yd split 20-ss 3-cone Vert jump Broad BP Wonderlic 6 ft 3 in
(1.91 m) 244 lb
(111 kg) 4.62 s 1.62 s 2.70 s 4.25 s 6.75 s 32 1⁄ 2 in
(0.83 m) 9 ft 6 in
(2.90 m) 20 reps x All values from NFL Combine[1]
San Diego Chargers [ edit ]
Leber was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft. He was an immediate-impact rookie, playing in all 16 games and starting 14 of them. He was selected to both the Pro Football Weekly and Football Digest All-Rookie teams, finishing the year with 49 tackles, 5 sacks (third on the team), and 3 forced fumbles (first on the team).
In his second season, Leber started every game at strong side linebacker for the Chargers, notching 75 tackles, 3 sacks, 1 pass defensed, and 1 forced fumble. In his third year, he was an every-game starter for the Chargers, finishing the season with 58 tackles, 2 sacks, and 1 fumble recovery. The next season, Leber was injured during training camp and again during the season. This led to him losing his starting position to future Pro-Bowler Shawne Merriman. He finished 2005 with 22 tackles, 2 sacks and 1 fumble recovery.
Minnesota Vikings [ edit ]
As an unrestricted free agent, Leber was signed by the Minnesota Vikings on March 11, 2006. Playing in 15 games, he finished his first season with the team with 46 tackles, 3 sacks, 1 interception, 3 forced fumbles, 2 fumble recoveries and 1 fumble recovery touchdown. The next year was even better—playing in all 16 games, Leber notched 67 tackles, 5 sacks, 2 forced fumbles, and 1 interception. In 2008, Leber again played the full season, recording 64 tackles, a career-low 1.5 sacks, and 2 interceptions. In the January 2010 NFC Championship Game, a controversial defensive pass interference was called on Leber; it was controversial as to whether or not Leber actually had contact or not and to this day remains controversial.
St. Louis Rams [ edit ]
On August 9, 2011, Leber signed with the St. Louis Rams. On December 3, 2011, Leber was waived by the Rams.
Retirement [ edit ]
Despite having worked out for the Philadelphia Eagles in March 2012,[2] he was unable to find an interested team.
He announced his retirement from professional football on June 18, 2012.[3] However, according to Leber (appearing on KFXN-FM radio), he has not filed his retirement papers with the league office, making him still officially available (ialto).[4][5]
Career statistics [ edit ]
Season Team GP Total Ast Comb SCK INT INT TD PD FF Fum Rec Fum TD 1998 Kansas State 10 19.0 11 30 2.0 0 0 2 1 0 0 1999 Kansas State 11 35.0 23 58 2.0 0 0 3 2 1 0 2000 Kansas State 13 38.0 17 55 3.5 1 0 2 0 0 0 2001 Kansas State 11 55.0 18 73 6.0 0 0 4 0 0 0 Totals 45 147.0 69 216 13.0 1 0 11 3 1 0
Season Team GP Total Ast Comb SCK INT INT TD PD FF Fum Rec Fum TD 2002 San Diego Chargers 16 41.0 9 50 5.0 0 0 1 3 0 0 2003 San Diego Chargers 16 69.0 11 80 3.0 0 0 1 0 0 0 2004 San Diego Chargers 16 49.0 11 60 2.0 0 0 1 0 1 0 2005 San Diego Chargers 9 18.0 4 22 2.0 0 0 1 0 1 0 2006 Minnesota Vikings 15 34.0 12 46 3.0 1 0 4 3 2 1 2007 Minnesota Vikings 16 52.0 15 67 5.0 1 0 4 2 0 0 2008 Minnesota Vikings 16 47.0 17 64 1.5 2 0 7 1 0 0 2009 Minnesota Vikings 16 38 8 46 2.5 0 0 5 1 0 0 2010 Minnesota Vikings 16 35 11 46 0.0 1 0 4 2 0 0 2011 St. Louis Rams 7 11.0 4 15 0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Totals 143 393 103 496 24.0 5 0 28 12 4 1
Career Playoff Statistics [ edit ]
Season Team GP Tckl Ast Total SCK INT INT TD PD FF Fum Rec Fum TD 2004 San Diego Chargers 1 5.0 2 7 0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2009 Minnesota Vikings 1 4.0 0 4 0.0 1 0 0 0 0 0 Totals 2 9.0 2 11 0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Personal [ edit ]
Leber was born in Council Bluffs, Iowa and raised in Vermillion, South Dakota. He is the son of Al and Han Leber. His brother, Jason, was an All-American running back at the University of South Dakota.[6]
The Buffalo Bills' offense had one of their most productive games this season on Monday Night Football against the Seattle Seahawks and much of the credit has to go to Anthony Lynn. The first-year offensive coordinator rolled out a wide array of formations and personnel groupings against a stout defense.
It was obvious to every viewer that Lynn took advantage of Buffalo's extra days of preparation to put together a diverse game plan. It is safe to say that they had success, as they racked up 425 total yards of offense against Seattle's defense that ranked sixth in the NFL entering Monday night.
Going into the game, the Seahawks had the No. 1 defense on first downs according to Football Outsiders. The Bills offense is a top ten unit on first down also, ranking 9th overall. But, they are boom or bust. Heading into the Monday night matchup, only three teams lost more yards on first down than Buffalo, per Football Outsiders.
Lynn knew that early downs were going to be the key to this game and he needed his offensive unit to be successful early in order to convert on third down.
The offensive gameplan was to stay out of 3rd-and-long situations to keep the Seattle pass rushers at bay. But it was also critical because by gaining positive yardage on first down, it keeps Lynn's playbook open on third and short-to-medium situations.
The game plan worked, Buffalo was 12-for-17 on third downs, but seven of those third downs were two yards or fewer. The Bills' offense entered the game as the worst in the league in third-and-one situations.
Lynn designed easy ways to gain positive yardage on first down by adding wrinkles to the offense. Here is one example.
Situation:
Down- 1st
Distance- 10 yards
Yard line- Seattle's 33
Personnel grouping- 21 personnel with Mike Gillislee and Reggie Bush as the running backs
Result- 14-yard reception by Bush
On first down from Seattle's 33-yard line, Lynn sent out 21 personnel (two running backs, one tight end) with the two backs being Reggie Bush and Mike Gillislee.
The personnel grouping of Gillislee and Bush, is one that the Bills haven't shown much this season but the key to it is Mike Gillislee. So far this season Gillislee has been effective on the ground averaging six yards-per-carry. He is a downhill runner and the Seahawks know that. Being first down, the defense is expecting run.
But the formation is a difficult one to defend. The Bills are able to run any of their base run plays from this formation.
Look at where Lynn has Bush aligned. Bush and Woods are wide to the field in a stacked alignment. This is a problem for the defense. The defense chose to match the 21 personnel, with their base defense. No big deal, as the ‘Hawks are great out of their base defense. But their alignment is what got them into trouble. The defense doesn't adjust to the offensive alignment and they stay in a single-high look, failing to widen the force defender's (S Kelcie Mccray) alignment.
Mccray has been filling in for Kam Chancellor and he is utilized in the same type of role. In this defensive system, the strong safety is often at, or near the line of scrimmage and are given gap responsibilities againt the run. This play is no different. If the Bills run the ball, Mccray will have to get downhill to stop the run.
Coach Lynn knows this so he attacks him with what is a called a run/pass option. Mccray is a defender that has both coverage and run game responsibilities on this play. So, Buffalo quarterback Tyrod Taylor was given a run play and when he got to the line of scrimmage, he evaluated the box and alignment of Mccray. Based on how many defenders are at or near the box, Taylor will either hand it off or throw the screen.
So based on Mccray's alignment and eight men at or near the line of scrimmage, Taylor is taught to throw the screen.
The offensive line still run blocks and the backfield still executes as if they are running the ball. So the lineman fire out and pick up their assignments as tight end Charles Clay and Gillislee run the split flow zone track.
The run action displayed by the offense holds Mccray, as Taylor throws the screen to Bush. The Bills have the defense out-flanked.
The 14-yard gain by Bush wasn't possible without a very nice block by wide receiver Robert Woods. Woods is one of the best blockers in the NFL from the wide receiver position but he had a big responsibility. Woods has to block one of the best tackling corners in the NFL, Deshawn Shead. According to Pro Football Focus, Shead is the 3rd most efficient tackler for cornerbacks (16.7 combined tackle efficiency).
Woods takes the corner's legs out and the block springs Bush into the secondary and Buffalo into the red zone.
Here's the play in full:
It's a very simple play, but one that was designed with the purpose of getting easy yardage on first down. Lynn did a great job of utilizing every formation, personnel grouping and play concept in his arsenal versus an elite defense. The diversity in his game plan allowed the Bills' offense to move up and down the field.
Buffalo's play calls on early downs were high percentage, ball control style plays which led to the Bills dominating the game's time of possession with 40 minutes, 17 seconds of worth of offense. They were able to gain 30 first downs and convert on 70.59% of their third downs, both of which were season-highs.
Buffalo now heads into the bye week and it's likely that Lynn will self-scout his offense to possibly inject even more wrinkles like this in order to get the ball into the hands of his playmakers even more.
For more Bills' X's and O's analysis follow Erik on Twitter: @Cover1Bills
Special prosecutors from the N.C. attorney general's office have stepped in with the case — at the request of the district attorney in Mecklenburg County — a move not uncommon when there is a potential conflict of interest.
However, after hearing evidence compiled by the State Bureau of Investigation and collected by the city's police department, the jurors did not agree with the charge. “We the Grand Jury respectfully request that the district attorney submit a bill of indictment to a lesser-included or related offense,” the jurors said in a handwritten note submitted to the court Jan. 21.
The case stunned many observers and made headlines across the United States. Civil rights advocates argued that it showed that police officers are too quick to use violence in encounters with young black men. Following the shooting, the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department immediately arrested Kerrick and charged him with voluntary manslaughter.
Last September, Kerrick was one of several officers responding to a 911 call placed at around 2:30 a.m. by a homeowner who reported an attempted burglary after hearing Ferrell knocking loudly on her door. Ferrell had been in a car accident and is believed to have been seeking help. The responding officers quickly located Ferrell near the residence and say he ran toward them. Kerrick drew his service revolver and shot a dozen rounds, hitting Ferrell 10 times.
The Mecklenburg County Grand Jury declined last week to indict Charlotte police officer Randall Kerrick with voluntary manslaughter for the September shooting death of Jonathan Ferrell, recommending instead that the charges be reduced.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina — Following a grand jury's refusal to indict a white Charlotte policeman in the shooting death of an unarmed black man, prosecutors from the North Carolina attorney general's office are headed back to court on Monday to start trying again with new jurors.
'An outrageous killing'
According to the attorney general, the charge of voluntary manslaughter remains valid. “In the interest of justice, we will resubmit this case to the grand jury scheduled to meet Monday, January 27 to seek an indictment for voluntary manslaughter, the most appropriate charge given the facts in this case,” read a statement issued by Attorney General Ray Cooper.
Attorneys representing Ferrell's family echoed support for Cooper's decision to resubmit the case. Earlier this month, Ferrell's family filed a civil lawsuit against Kerrick, as well as the city of Charlotte, Mecklenburg County, and Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Rodney Monroe.
“We are convinced that the evidence in this case warrants an indictment for voluntary manslaughter and not for some lesser offense,” read a statement from the family. “We urge everyone to allow those in the criminal justice system a full opportunity to meet their professional responsibilities. The Ferrell family has faith in God that justice will prevail in the end and that Jonathan's death will not have been in vain.”
Calling the shooting an “unbelievably tragic overuse of force,” American Civil Liberties Union of North Carolina Legal Foundation Legal Director Chris Brook cautioned immediately after the incident that it was not clear what role Ferrell's race played. “I think when you see an incident such as this when an unarmed young black man is shot 10 times, then you are obliged to ask the tough questions about what role race played in this incident,” he said.
The lack of an indictment from the original Mecklenburg grand jury, which did not have all 18 panel members present to hear the case, has left some observers stunned. “I was totally disgusted,” said the Rev. Kojo Nantambu, head of Charlotte's chapter of the NAACP, when he heard the news. “There was a sense of anger.” Presenting the case to a new, full grand jury panel does little to reassure him. “My fear is that the grand jury is going to try to reduce the charges again,” he said.
Troubling Nantambu beyond what he sees as a legal setback, however, is the lack of visible outrage in the city's black community. “You hear people say things in quiet sessions in the corner, but the streets should be full of people,” he said. A generational divide is to blame, the civil rights leader said, adding that he often finds it difficult to engage younger members of the community who don't see threats of racism, or when they do, don't know how to speak up.
“This was an outrageous killing, an unnecessary killing and you don't have out any outrage – not from the black community, not from anybody,” Nantambu said.
IOWA CITY -- Iowa defensive coordinator Phil Parker did his homework. He knows where Iowa stands and where, maybe, it needs to stand a little taller.
Parker, in his 15th season at Iowa and second as coordinator, pointed out that the Hawkeyes are 11th in the nation in total defense and ninth in stopping teams on third down. He said Iowa has blitzed 59 times on 384 snaps (15 percent) with an effectiveness of 73 percent while allowing three touchdowns.
One number escaped him. Two, actually.
"We'd like to be 6-0," Parker said during a Tuesday news conference. "We're sitting there, the same situation we were last year, but I think our defense is much improved. I think our kids are definitely committed to the game. I think they've been playing tough. The effort has been great.
"I feel good about the group, the chemistry. I think we have more depth. I think there are more guys capable to go on the field to perform at a high level and win."
Across the line of scrimmage, second-year offensive coordinator Greg Davis echoed those sentiments. He believes Iowa's offense is better, deeper and has more weapons than it had during last season's 4-8 campaign.
"We've got more guys who we feel like we could play, and that's a good thing," Davis said. "And we've got more guys I think who can fill different roles than we did last year."
Parker is even OK with the number of 20-yard passing plays the Hawkeyes have allowed.Yes, that's a pedestrian 55th in the nation, but halfway through the season, it's on pace to be less than the 37 allowed in 2011. And, really, that's the curve of improvement this team is on. It's not a straight line, but more incremental. If it's five fewer 20-plus passing plays than '11, maybe two fewer TDs and one more victory.
But yes, Parker acknowledged that the secondary needs to rise up.
"I think the defensive line has definitely improved, the linebackers are definitely improved," Parker said. "Just get the secondary up to par, we'll be all right."
Specifics with the secondary, Parker said senior cornerback B.J. Lowery has made plays and given up plays. And, really, that about sums it up.
"That all goes with the position you're in," Parker said. "You're on an island, everybody sees it. There are a lot of guys up front making mistakes nobody knows about it, but once you give up one back there everybody knows about it."
On safeties Tanner Miller and John Lowdermilk: "I think they've been improving since the beginning of the year. This game [Michigan State] was a little bit more of a challenge. I thought there were some plays that they could've made that they left out there. But I'm very pleased with them. I think they work well together."
On the offensive side, Davis is "pleased" with sophomore quarterback Jake Rudock. In his first season as a starter, Rudock leads the Big Ten with 24 third-down completions that have gone for first downs. Iowa obviously has the tougher part of its schedule in front of it, but it has gone from 36.36 on third down in '12 to 48.42 (27th in the nation) so far this year.
Davis likes Rudock's feet, brain and arm. (He answered the "arm strength" question.)
"He is a learning machine," Davis said. "He takes courses I can't even spell. He's very bright. He doesn't make the same mistake twice.
". . . The throw he made the first third down of the third quarter to Damond Powell, from one hash to their hash, over in front of their bench, that was a big time throw. That was a big time throw against good coverage. We're not concerned with arm strength. The more and more he plays . . . and he's pretty unflappable. He doesn't get too high or too low."
Davis also is pleased with the quick passing game, something that never got off the ground last season. He praised first-year wide receivers coach Bobby Kennedy for his enthusiasm and knowledge. Still, he acknowledged, Iowa lacks the big threat in the passing game. The Hawkeyes have 14 pass plays of 20-plus yards. That's No. 88 in the country.
"For us to be as good as we can be the quick game has to be good, and hopefully that sets up something down the field," Davis said. "We're trying to take more shots than we did last year. It would be nice if we hit some of them."
Michigan State clearly marked running back Mark Weisman, who entered the game averaging 123 yards and 23.8 carries a game. The Spartans held him to 9 yards on seven carries before the junior left with a sprained ankle. Junior Damon Bullock took over and had 77 yards on nine touches, including a 47-yard TD.
Davis still wants to use Weisman and Bullock. He said Iowa needs both to show off what they can do.
"Damon has really improved the last couple of ballgames," Davis said. "The numbers in the one game may not reflect this statement, but sometimes we see things hopefully before they happen. The last couple of ballgames he has played pretty well, his blitz picked up, his vision.
"I think earlier in the year he was looking for some home runs and not following his blockers, but the answer to your question, I think we will be better as we go when we have . . . Damon brings something that's a little bit different [than Weisman], and we need both of those guys working at a high level to be able to get what we want out of them."
(Reuters) - Thousands of doctors in California are suing the health insurance company Aetna Inc claiming the company routinely denies patients access to out-of-network doctors even when the patient has purchased a policy giving them the right to choose providers.
The lawsuit, filed in the Los Angeles County Superior Court, accuses Aetna of threatening patients with denial of coverage if their members visit doctors outside the Aetna network of providers, and of threatening doctors with having their Aetna contracts terminated if they refer patients outside the network.
The lawsuit was brought by the Los Angeles County Medical Association, California Medical Association and a coalition of health care organizations and providers.
Aetna claims the suit is in retaliation for a suit filed by Aetna in February claiming several California providers, including Bay Area Surgical Management (BASM)and seven ancillary facilities, sent Aetna members to BASM without revealing that physicians had an ownership interest in the facility or were getting paid by BASM for their referrals.
“We have sued some of these same doctors and surgery centers named in the suit for their egregious billing practices in February of this year,” Cynthia Michener, a spokeswoman for Aetna, said in an email. “This is a countersuit disguised as a class action lawsuit.”
Michener said Aetna would “continue to pursue medical providers whose charges are so grossly out of line.”
She cited as examples facilities and doctors who have charged $73,536 for a kidney stone fragmentation when an average in-network charge would be around $7,612. Or those that have charged $37,572 for a knee procedure that would cost about $10,500 with an in-network physician.
Michener was not immediately able to say what the average cost of these procedures would have been in out-of-network facilities that are not being sued by Aetna.
The lawsuit brought by the physicians accuses Aetna of false advertising, breach of contract, unfair business practices, and both intentional and negligent interference with healthcare providers.
The lawsuit seeks an end to the practices, an immediate injunction, compensation for patients and physicians and punitive damages.
“Despite making tens of millions of dollars selling policies with out-of-network benefits, Aetna has engaged in a campaign to retaliate against its members who attempt to use their out-of-network benefits, and the physicians who refer these members to out-of-network providers,” the lawsuit states.
Coffee Common NYC is underway in Chelsea. In a recent blog post, CC explains a section of its pop-up: “At the ingredients bar folks can taste exactly how cream and sugar make bad coffee taste better by masking it, and delicious coffee taste worse by diluting it.”
At its core, Coffee Common's aim is to enhance the public image of coffee, and we feel that's terrific. We imagine a lot of New York coffee drinkers never really gave their usual coffee modifications much thought. It's appropriate for Coffee Common to showcase exquisite coffee at this limited engagement. However, we take issue with celebrating “delicious” coffee while categorically poo-pooing everything else. We're reminded of the Sweet Maria's/Coffee Shrub 2012 “Mondo Coffee” calendar and the month of April that asks some tough questions:
Is anyone thinking about the importance of volume anymore? And how can a roaster act like they just hit a home run for the farmer when they buy a 10 bag Micro Lot? How is that going to pay the bills?”
We feel it's important to celebrate all coffee, in all forms, from the most delicious 90+ coffee served in a champagne flute to the Cafe du Monde au lait, served with beignets and a heaping helping of powdered sugar. The segundos have their place in the coffee chain. Just because a coffee could benefit from the addition of cream and or sugar doesn't necessarily make it a bad coffee.
Analytics with Incanter
These past few days I've been playing with Incanter, which is a Clojure-based, R-like platform for statistical computing and graphics. This post covers the basic steps of using Clojure to access your Google Analytics Data with the Google Analytics Data Export API and visualize, filter the data returned using Incanter.
Google provides a Java library to simplify use of any Google Data API with Java, to access Analytics you need to grab the following list of Jars from gdata-java-client and google-collections.
gdata-client-1.0.jar
gdata-client-meta-1.0.jar
gdata-core-1.0.jar
gdata-analytics-2.1.jar
gdata-analytics-meta-2.1.jar
google-collect-1.0.jar
After running "lein deps" add them to the lib/ subdirectory.
( ns analytics.core ( :use incanter.core) ( :use incanter.charts) ( :import (java.net URL) (com.google.gdata.client.analytics AnalyticsService DataQuery))) ( defn get-class [class] ( Class /forName (str "com.google.gdata.data.analytics." class))) ( defn service [username pass] ( doto (AnalyticsService. "Clojure_Incanter_Sample" ) (.setUserCredentials username pass)))
In order to retrieve data we need a service object which handles all interaction between our application and Analytics Data Export API.
( defn account-feed [service & args] ( let [url (URL. (str "https://www.google.com/analytics/" "feeds/accounts/default?max-results=50" )) feed (.getFeed service url (get-class "AccountFeed" )) accs (reduce #(assoc %1 ( -> %2 .getTitle .getPlainText) ( -> %2 .getTableId .getValue)) {} (.getEntries feed))] ( if (nil? args) accs (accs (first args)))))
To retrieve data for a profile, we need its table id. Asking service for an account feed, returns a list of entries containing title, table id and profile id but we are only interested in title and table id.
( defn query [args] ( let [ga-str ( fn [s] (apply str (interpose "," (map #(str "ga" % ) s))))] ( doto (DataQuery. (URL. "https://www.google.com/analytics/feeds/data" )) (.setStartDate (first ( :date args))) (.setEndDate (last ( :date args))) (.setDimensions (ga-str ( :dimensions args))) (.setMetrics (ga-str ( :metrics args))) (.setSort (str "-" (ga-str ( :sort args)))) (.setMaxResults ( :num-result args)) (.setIds ( :id args))))) ( defn data-feed [service & args] ( let [args (apply hash-map args) feed (.getFeed service (.getUrl (query args)) (get-class "DataFeed" )) cols (map #(str "ga" % ) (concat ( :dimensions args) ( :metrics args)))] (map ( fn [e] (map #(.stringValueOf e % ) cols)) (.getEntries feed))))
As with the account feed, first thing we need to do is build a feed request URL, query function handles that nothing fancy, it just calls a bunch of setters for dimensions, metrics etc. Querying analytics service with a data feed URL returns a list of entries, data-feed maps over them and returns a sequence containing dimensions and metrics we requested.
Now that we have some data to play with, we can start off by doing fairly standard things, like which pages got the most visits for the past month,
( def analytics (service "username" "pass" )) ( def acc-nakkaya (account-feed analytics "nakkaya.com" )) ( def acc-feed (account-feed analytics)) ( def pageview (data-feed analytics :date [ "2010-01-26" "2010-02-25" ] :dimensions [ :pageTitle :pagePath ] :metrics [ :pageviews ] :sort [ :pageviews ] :num-result 10 :id acc-nakkaya))
This is where incanter makes things fun, as long as you have a sequence of rows, in this case what data-feed returns you can call view to visualize the data,
(view pageview) (view (col-names (to-dataset pageview) [ :title :path :views ]))
or we can filter the data leaving only portions of it which we are interested, such as pages with views more than 200 and lower than 800,
(with-data (col-names (map ( fn [[x y z]] [x y (BigInteger. z)]) pageview) [ :title :path :views ]) (view ($where { :views { :$gt 200 :$lt 800}})))
Alternatively you can filter the data in Clojure, requesting top 10 keywords people used to find your website and filtering the ones that contain "clojure" or "java" in them,
( def keywords (data-feed analytics :date [ "2010-01-26" "2010-02-25" ] :dimensions [ :keyword ] :metrics [ :visits ] :sort [ :visits ] :num-result 10 :id acc-nakkaya)) ( let [words [ "clojure" "java" ]] (reduce ( fn [h v] ( if (some true? (map #(.contains (first v) % ) words)) (conj h v) h)) [] keywords))
analytics.core=> [("clojure xml" "62") ("clojure turtle graphics" "31") ("clojure opencv" "26") ("detect faces from webcam+java" "26")]
Besides visualizing stuff using tables, we can plot graphs containing the information we are interested,
( def browsers (data-feed analytics :date [ "2010-01-26" ] :dimensions [ :browser ] :metrics [ :visits ] :sort [ :visits ] :num-result 10 :id acc-nakkaya)) (view (bar-chart (take 4 (map first browsers)) (take 4 (map #(BigInteger. (last % )) browsers)) :title "Browser/Visits" :x-label "Browsers" :y-label "Visits" ))
Game of Thrones isn't one to shut away from gutsy stunts, whether it's the epic horse skirmish in “Battle of the Bastards,” or that stupid thing where we all watched ice melt to find out when season seven was coming. But all of them pale in comparison to what may be considered GoT's craziest stunt, which probably broke a world record.... for setting people on fire.
At a press event for May 20's The Night's Watch training camp (sorry, only open to UK residents), Game of Thrones stunt coordinator Rowley Imran dished about the riskiest stunt his team has pulled so far. It was during the season five episode “The Dance of Dragons,” when Daenerys and her court are surrounded by the Sons of the Harpy at the Great Pit of Daznak.
Advertisement
Just as they're about to die, Drogon comes in like a boss to defend his mama, scorching dozens of enemies before whisking Daenerys away to safety. According to Imran, this stunt resulted in a lot of guys (safely) getting their faces burned off. This was largely thanks to a 45-foot flamethrower, which director of photography Rob McLachlan previously explained was put on a Technocrane, which had a telescoping head so it could pivot, swing, and turn, just like a dragon's head... ensuring tons of stuntmen and stuntwomen would get properly toasted.
“We set fire to 20 guys in one day, and we used a 45-foot flamethrower that was on a motion-control crane. So we could do motion control of the dragon,” Imran said.
Advertisement
Series weaponsmaster Tommy Dunne added that it probably broke a world record, which Imran agreed with. “Yeah, I think that was pretty much the most people set on fire in one day, definitely on TV if not on film,” he said. Of course, they added that all of it was done in perfect safety, adding that most of the injuries are on are accidental nicks or cuts from swords. No one actually got charbroiled from Drogon's reign of fire... at least, not yet. After all, Game of Thrones returns for its seventh season on July 16.
[Radio Times via Watchers on the Wall]
The ideological partnership of the raucous Tea Party movement and fiscally conservative Texas Republicans has dominated the agenda of the state lawmaking session that is sputtering to an end. Gov. Rick Perry embraced the Tea Party ideals before most knew the movement was brewing, and the conservative, anti-tax activism helped bring a supermajority of Republicans into the Texas House.
As a result, the Tea Party's objectives have been the top priorities of lawmakers. And in case the politicians lost sight of those goals, the Legislature's new Tea Party Caucus has been a constant reminder.
“It's been a huge success,” said Senator Dan Patrick, Republican of Houston and chairman of the Tea Party Caucus of Texas.
A month before the legislative session began, Mr. Patrick declared the Tea Party “the most important political movement of our lifetime” and announced the formation of the caucus with 48 fellow Republican legislators. The lawmakers would take cues from an advisory board of citizen Tea Party members and ensure that the message they sent at the ballot box was translated into legislation.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The caucus agenda included balancing the budget without increasing taxes, securing the border and ending illegal immigration, asserting state sovereignty and requiring voters to show photo ID at the polls.
Photo
Just days after the session started, Mr. Perry declared voter ID an emergency issue, putting it on the fast track for approval. Over the objections of Democrats who had successfully fought the requirement in previous years, the bill sailed through both chambers and onto Mr. Perry's desk.
In a brief, 30 second statement to the press issued moments after Mitt Romney finished his meeting with Donald Trump, the former presidential candidate (who previous had accused Trump of being a "con man," a "phony" and "a fraud") and who is allegedly in consideration for Secretary of State, said that he had a "far-reaching conversation with regards to the various theaters in the world where there are interests of the United States of real significance. We discussed those areas and exchanged our views on those topics: a very thorough and in-depth discussion in the time we had, and appreciate the chance to speak with the President-elect and look forward to the coming administration."
As expected, this was the canned statement one would expect from a person tasked with perpetuating the status quo around the globe, and the US role in it, which may or may not be what Trump has in mind for the future US role in global affairs.
As Romney approached reporters, Trump remained near the front door of the clubhouse, cupping his hands around his mouth and calling out, "It went great" according to The Hill.
The former Massachusetts governor didn't take questions and ignored the ones shouted at him after making his statement, which lasted about 30 seconds.
"Do you still think he's a con artist, sir?" a reporter could be heard asking as Romney pivoted on his feet while looking around for his car to leave.
* * *
As of this moment, there was no indication if Romney's chances of becoming US Secretary of State have changed following the meeting.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption "A story of appalling suffering": Watch Robert Francis QC's statement in full
NHS staff should face prosecution if they are not open and honest about mistakes, according to a public inquiry into failings at Stafford Hospital.
Years of abuse and neglect at the hospital led to the unnecessary deaths of hundreds of patients.
But inquiry chairman, Robert Francis QC, said the failings went right to the top of the health service.
He made 290 recommendations, saying "fundamental change" was needed to prevent the public losing confidence.
His report comes after the families of victims have voiced anger that no-one has been sufficiently punished for their roles.
Senior managers were able to leave the trust with little sanction, while most doctors and nurses involved have escaped censure from their professional regulators.
Responding in the House of Commons, Prime Minister David Cameron apologised to the families of patients.
He said he was "truly sorry" for what happened at Stafford Hospital, which was "not just wrong, it was truly dreadful" and the government needed to "purge" a culture of complacency.
Mr Cameron said a full response to the inquiry would follow next month, but he did immediately announce that a new post of chief inspector of hospitals would be created in the autumn.
Previous investigations have already established in harrowing detail the abuse and neglect from 2005 to 2008.
This inquiry looked at why the system did not prevent the problems or at the very lest detect them earlier.
The Mid Staffs public inquiry The public inquiry is the fifth major investigation into what happened
It has focused mainly on the commissioning, supervision and regulation of the trust from 2005 to 2009 - something campaigners felt had not been properly covered before
It was chaired by Robert Francis QC, who also led the fourth major investigation
It sat between November 2011 and December 2012 and cost £13m
More than 160 witnesses appeared at the hearings and one million pages of evidence have been sifted through
The final report contains 290 recommendations over nearly 1,800 pages. Stafford Hospital: Q&A Stafford Hospital: The victims
In particular, it recommended:
The merger of the regulation of care into one body - two are currently involved
Senior managers to be given a code of conduct and the ability to disqualify them if they are not fit to hold such positions
Hiding information about poor care to become a criminal offence as would failing to adhere to basic standards that lead to death or serious harm
A statutory obligation on doctors and nurses for a duty of candour so they are open with patients about mistakes
An increased focus on compassion in the recruitment, training and education of nurses, including an aptitude test for new recruits and regular checks of competence as it is being rolled out for doctors
'Remote'
While it is well-known the trust management ignored patients' complaints, local GPs and MPs also failed to speak up for them, the inquiry said.
The local primary care trust and regional health authority were too quick to trust the hospital's management and national regulators were not challenging enough.
Meanwhile, the Royal College of Nursing was highlighted for not doing enough to support its members who were trying to raise concerns.
The Department of Health was also criticised for being too "remote" and embarking on "counterproductive" reorganisations.
The report said the failings created a culture where the patient was not put first.
This is a story of appalling and unnecessary suffering of hundreds of people Robert Francis QC 'I sat through the whole inquiry'
But the inquiry said the change needed did not require further reform.
Instead, it urged everyone from "porters and cleaners to the secretary of state" to work together to shift the culture and adopt a "zero tolerance" approach to poor care.
Mr Francis said: "This is a story of appalling and unnecessary suffering of hundreds of people.
"They were failed by a system which ignored the warning signs and put corporate self-interest and cost control ahead of patients and their safety."
He said the public's trust in the NHS had been "betrayed" and a change of culture was needed to "make sure that patients come first".
Target driven
The "appalling" levels of care that led to needless deaths have already been well documented by a 2009 report by the Healthcare Commission and an independent inquiry in 2010, which was also chaired by Mr Francis.
They both criticised the cost-cutting and target-chasing culture that had developed at the Mid Staffordshire Trust, which ran the hospital.
Time to care? James Moore, who has left the NHS after working in A&E for 15 years, said reports of abuse made him "ashamed to be a nurse". He blamed poor management rather than nurses no longer caring. He drew parallels with being a waitress: "The restaurant gets busier, the waitress works harder and harder with the same resources and things start getting missed, she drops a meal here or there and people don't get their food on time and complaints are made". Instead of dealing with the workload he said managers made the problem worse: "They'll ask the waitress to fill out more forms to tick that she's done certain things, then the restaurant gets busier and busier and the nurse has more and more forms to fill out." NHS staff say they are 'penalised for caring' Stafford Hospital report timeline
Receptionists were left to decide which patients to treat, inexperienced doctors were put in charge of critically ill patients and nurses were not trained how to use vital equipment.
Cases have also been documented of patients left crying out for help because they did not get pain relief and food and drinks being left out of reach.
Data shows there were between 400 and 1,200 more deaths than would have been expected between 2005 and 2008, although it is impossible to say all of these patients would have survived if they had received better treatment.
There has been anger from some quarters after nobody lost their jobs as a result of the public inquiry.
James Duff's wife Doreen died in the hospital. He said: "Not one person has lost their job over this - instead they have been promoted and some people have been moved sideways.
"This has been a disaster yet nobody is accountable."
Sir David Nicholson has the focus of anger from families affected by the scandal. He is chief executive of the NHS and was briefly in charge of the Regional Health Authority while death rates were high at Stafford Hospital.
He responded to calls for him to go saying: "I think it's perfectly understandable, I understand the anger that they feel, the upset that they feel about the treatment of their loved ones in Mid-Staffordshire hospital.
"I absolutely understand all of that. At the time I apologised and in a sense I apologise again to the people of Stafford for what happened, but apologies are not enough.
"We need action, we need to make things happen."
Reaction
Royal College of Nursing general secretary Peter Carter described it as a "powerful and monumental" report.
He said: "We welcome moves for overarching standards which enshrine what patients deserve from the NHS and from those who work for it.
"Appalling care cannot be tolerated and everything should be done to ensure that it does not happen again."
But campaigner Julie Bailey whose mother, Bella, died in 2007 at Stafford Hospital prompting her to set up Cure the NHS, which had been instrumental in pushing for the public inquiry, called for resignations.
"We've lost hundreds of lives in the NHS and we want accountability.
"We owe that to our society and to the deaths and the respect of all the loved ones that we have lost.
"We will go nowhere until we get accountability."
Katherine Murphy, the chief executive of the Patients Association, said the report was a "watershed moment" for the health service.
She said: "It is clear that he [Mr Francis] has understood some of the very real failings that patients and their families face day in and day out.
"It is clear from the report that there is a lot of blame to go around for what happened in Stafford. Unfortunately too many people have escaped genuine accountability."
BBC West Midlands special investigation, The Hospital That Didn't Care, on BBC One at 10.35pm on Wednesday, 6 February.
MANILA, Philippines - Taiwan's Xianglu Group is lining up big projects in the Philippines, including the development of the largest economic zone and the tallest building in the country, a top investment promotion official said.
Philippine Economic Zone Authority (PEZA) director general Charito Plaza recently met with Xianglu Dragon chief executive Y.H. Chen, wherein the latter expressed interest to register its upcoming projects with the agency.
The projects include an 85-story IT building along Roxas Blvd. in Manila and a 3,000-hectare mixed-use special ecozone in Pangasinan.
Plaza said Xianglu plans to invest P12 billion for the construction of what would be the tallest building in the country.
She said the group has already finalized acquisition of the project site beside Diamond Hotel along Roxas Blvd.
The project is expected to start construction this year and will be completed within three years.
Plaza said Xianglu Group is the developer of the second tallest building in Taiwan.
Aside from the building, Plaza said the group also intends to develop what could be the largest economic zone in the country.
The economic zone, which would encompass across 10 municipalities in the western part of Pangasinan, is expected to generate $360 billion worth of investments from potential locators and Xianglu Group itself, Plaza said.
“I had a dialogue already with the mayors of Pangasinan and they welcome this big investment,” she said.
Plaza said Xianglu owns the largest economic zone in Xiamen City, Fujian province in China.
“So now the company wants to invest here in the Philippines. The timetable for their economic zone development is three to four years. They will also build all necessary facilities for the economic zone like ports. Initially, they will construct a petrochemical facility,” she said.
Plaza said former House Speaker Jose de Venecia Jr. played an important role in enticing the Taiwanese firm to locate in the Philippines.
“The company was introduced by former Speaker De Venecia. Other countries are wooing this firm and he was able to convince them to invest here instead,” Plaza said.
You have to do something really awful to be excommunicated from the Catholic Church these days. In Melbourne, Australia, The Age notes that the only priests in the region who are no longer welcome to receive the Church's sacraments are those who have been convicted of pedophilia.
But now we can add (former) Father Greg Reynolds to that exile list. What did he do that was so awful?
“I've come to this position because I've followed my conscience on women's ordination and gay marriage.”
Yep, he thinks women should be ordained and that gay marriage is perfectly fine. In 2011, he voluntarily resigned as a priest but began his own group called Inclusive Catholics to “welcome all Catholics, especially the disenfranchised, the disillusioned and the excluded.” But now, he is no longer allowed to receive Communion… which, let's face it, is about as damaging as being told you're going to get repeatedly beaten up… in the afterlife. Sounds bad, but it's really nothing to worry about.
But if you're sincerely a Catholic like Reynolds, that has to hurt.
Church leaders are welcome to kick whomever they want out of their country club — they make the rules and those who want to become leaders should know well enough to only sign on the dotted line if they agree.
This act says far more about the Church than it does Reynolds. He seems to be a decent guy whose religious beliefs got in the way of his kindness.
Now, if Pope Francis really wanted to make some headlines, he would find a way to reinstate this guy. I'm not expecting that, though. The Pope, while I appreciate his tone and rhetoric, has not yet strayed from the party line. He is part of the same hierarchy that rejects women leaders and believes it's wrong for the Church to support gay marriages. You're not going to see him bend over backwards to help a guy who is about as devout as one could get but whose ethics are a little too good for the leaders of the Church.
Too bad for Reynolds, but it just goes to show why no decent person should want to support such a despicable institution.
The Ecology Watchdog of the North Caucasus, an environmental NGO involved in battling wildfires in southern Russia, has been labelled a “foreign agent," Russia's Justice Ministry announced Wednesday.
The decision was made after an “unplanned inspection of the documents” revealed that the NGO met the criteria to be named “foreign agent,” the ministry said in an online statement. Under a law signed by Russian President Vladimir Putin in 2012, NGOs which receive foreign funding and are engaged in vaguely-defined “political activity” are required to identify themselves as “foreign agents."
The Ministry did not specify what kind of political activity the NGO was involved in, or from where it received its foreign funding.
The move follows an attack on volunteer firefighters with environmental activist group Greenpeace group in the area. The group had been invited to the region by the Ecology Watchdog of the North Caucasus, to deal with wildfires in the Krasnodar region and neighboring republic of Adygeya.
Greenpeace reported that their group had been attacked by unidentified men in masks on Sept. 9. The attackers severely injured several members and demanded that the activists “got the hell out of here” and “went back to your America.” Several days after the attack, state-run TV channel Rossiya accused the group of starting the very fires they came to extinguish and acting in the interests of the U.S. government.
Hundreds of Russian NGOs have been locked in battle with the Justice Ministry since the “foreign agents” law came into force four years ago. Many are unwilling to accept the negative connotations of the Soviet-era label, as well as the time-consuming inspections to which "foreign agents" must submit. A number of NGOs in Russia have shut down as a direct result of the law.
Steve Wilhite alerts the crowd of the correct pronunciation of GIF at the 2013 Webby Awards.
And the battle rages on: After the White House weighed in on the "gif" versus "jif" issue, some thought it was settled in favor of a hard "G" — but the creator of the .gif image format himself has made a final pronouncement: "It's a soft 'G,' pronounced 'jif.' End of story."
This bombshell, delivered by former Compuserve engineer Steve Wilhite in an interview with The New York Times' Bits blog, doesn't actually come as much of a surprise. The "official" pronunciation is, and since the format's creation in 1987 has always been, "jif." But a manual written for a defunct company 25 years ago and a live endorsement are two very different things.
Wilhite drove his point home at the Webby awards Tuesday night, where in lieu of a speech in receiving the lifetime achievement award there, a gif was shown insisting on the "jif" pronunciation, to the tune of Strauss's "Thus Spake Zarathustra."
An example of an animated GIF.
The argument over the name for the popular image format, which has seen a resurgence in popularity on Tumblr and other sites due to its ability to be animated, has gone on for years. And it isn't just stubbornness; both sides have good reason to believe they are right.
Team soft-G refers not only to the authority of the creators at Compuserve, but to words like gin and gibe. And when people say Jif is a kind of peanut butter, they reply: "Yes, and that's the joke the engineers made in 1987, when those 'choosy moms choose Jif' commercials were current!" (Jif, for its part, is celebrating Wilhite's pronouncement via Twitter.)
Team hard-G, on the other hand, points to the G standing for a word with a hard-G sound ("graphics interchange format"), and for support notes words like gift and gill. Some appeal to the same era of computing history, pointing out that a similar format was created a year earlier and was actually called JIF — the two competed briefly, and naturally pronunciation needed to be different to discern between them in speech.
Chances are the conflict will never reach a conclusion, but much like the "soda" versus "pop" controversy and others, will simply smolder on under the surface. However, the last time this came up, our survey showed team hard-G winning by a landslide. Cast your vote in the "grudge match" below.
This post previously misspelled Steve Wilhite's name. Theerror has been corrected.
Devin Coldewey is a contributing writer for NBC News Digital. His personal website is coldewey.cc.
A thought...
It seems to me that most Pro-Life people I know really aren't Pro-Life at all. They are, rather, Anti-Sex. That is, the abortion debate is often just a cover to wage war on the sexual revolution and the Dawn of the Pill. What many Pro-Life people are angry about is the casual sexuality of our age, an era of "abortion on demand." Pro-Life advocacy, then, is often (consciously or unconsciously) really a way to get sexually promiscuous people to face the "consequences" of sexual activity. The focus on life is often covered for Puritanical worries about sexuality in modern America.
Why do I draw this conclusion? Because most Pro-Life people I know are only Pro-Life in this one area, and only in this one area. They are not, generally speaking, consistently Pro-Life. For example, most Pro-Life people are...
...not Pro-Life when it comes to gun control.
...not Pro-Life when it comes to preemptive war.
...not Pro-Life when it comes to capital punishment.
...not Pro-Life when it comes to global malnourishment.
...not Pro-Life when it comes to universal health care.
...not Pro-Life when it comes to entitlement programs for the women and children of the working poor (to remove the economic incentives for abortion).
...not Pro-Life in promoting condom usage to prevent teenage pregnancy or AIDS in developing nations.
In short, the on ly thing many conservatives are Pro-Life about is, well, abortion. Which, incidentally, is the only thing on the list that's about regulating sexual behavior.Which kind of makes you wonder...
In the past year, I have met with startup founders and government officials around the world. Everywhere I go, people are hungry to know how they can be clever like Silicon Valley. They assume that since I founded PBworks, a private wiki host and home to over two million groups, I must have insight into the smarts that make the Valley work, and they want to implement those good ideas in their regions.
But Silicon Valley works because it is stupid. The intelligence is distributed, and the ultimate arbiter of correctness is the market.
Advertisement
Let's start with the startups. You might think that most successful startups begin with some genius's brilliant idea. The genius shares this idea with a trusted investor who provides money to hire a team. They work really hard, have a big launch and become a success. But this is not how big companies begin. Companies that start this way tend to be good at spending a lot of money and producing useless products.
Successful startups often begin with no idea at all. They start with some friends who simply enjoy building things together, without any specific idea of what they are going to build or how they are going to make money at it. It sounds silly, but that's exactly how Hewlett-Packard began. Two nerds in a garage. It took them a few years to find their first really good idea, which was to make cheap, high-quality oscilloscopes. Flickr began by working on something else altogether. Twitter came out of the train wreck of a podcasting startup. If a good team goes through enough ideas, they will eventually figure out how to make something that people want to use. Then, they raise money to bring that product to more people and scale it up.
Okay, so startups are dumb, but what about governments? It's not that hard to believe that governments are dumb. What's surprising is when that's a good thing. The U.S. government is not smart enough to pick winners, so startups are treated like regular companies. When I first traveled to Mexico, I was asked whether the U.S. government paid for all or only part of our office space. The entrepreneurs were astonished to find out that my startup got no help whatsoever from the government. We were on our own. Terrifying. In theory, the Small Business Administration is there to help, but it is irrelevant to startups. It's structured to help a dry cleaning shop purchase another piece of equipment, not help you hire another iOS developer so you can create Angrier Birds.
But what the U.S. government does do is get the heck out of our way. If you want to start a business, you can just go ahead and do it with no forms at all required. This is called a “sole proprietorship.” At the end of the year when you fill out your personal income taxes, you just attach an appendix that says, “Oh yeah, and I run a business and here's how much money I made or lost.” If you want to incorporate your business, you can do it in about an hour. The form to create a tax ID takes a minute or two to fill out. Dozens of companies compete to offer cheap and easy payroll tax processing that electronically file everything you need with the state and federal governments for a few bucks a month. The government's role is infrastructure and facilitation.
If government gave special aid to startups, it would need to ensure those startups were performing well, which would require startups to account for their progress or face punishment for wasting taxpayer money. This regular accounting smells like added paperwork. And overhead. Worst of all, it means bureaucrats are making the call about which startups stay and which go. And when bureaucrats have no incentive to pick longterm winners, they might be persuaded to be more lenient to startups that have friends in high places.
Startups funded by a government cannot, politically, afford to fail. But the real way to create new markets is to do the opposite — reduce the cost of failure by eliminating debtors' prisons, make bankruptcy straightforward, and allow easy incorporation to shield founders' personal finances somewhat from the failure of their companies. Even success takes too long for governments. Government programs are managed for the next election cycle, while startups usually take much longer than that to be proven out as a success.
So it's actually much better if government is “stupid” and delegates the intelligence about which startups should thrive and which should die to others. The government should ensure clear and consistent corporate law and taxation, minimal red tape and overhead, fast and effective infrastructure, easy hiring and firing, and should expose itself as a customer of startup products.
The final dumb contingent of Silicon Valley is our awesome, dumb investors.
In many developing ecosystems, I see angels who describe themselves as “smart money.” They want to take 40 percent or more of the company in a seed round to ensure that the entrepreneur does the right thing, and that if the company is successful, the investor benefits richly. They think they will guide the company to success. They want to have a voice in the day-to-day operations of the company, and when they speak, they expect their entrepreneurs to listen.
But investors who take 40 percent of the company in seed rounds are setting themselves up for failure. If the company does well, it'll need to raise more financing, and new investors will need substantial percentages of the company. With IPOs taking longer than ever, there may be many of these growth rounds. And if 40 percent of the company is in the hands of a seed investor, there's not enough room for other investors. A Series A venture capitalist will realize this and simply not invest in a company with this kind of structure, meaning the company will not be able to find financing, even if it is very successful. The “smart” seed investor has effectively doomed the company.
Peter Thiel was the first investor in Facebook. He wrote a check for $500,000 and got a board seat and about 10 percent of the company (not 40 percent), but mostly he just told Zuckerberg to not f**k it up. When the company IPOed years later, poor Peter was left with a mere 2.5 percent stake of the company. But I don't think he was too upset, because that stake was worth a billion dollars, which makes it the most successful seed investment in history. All for just believing in a smart kid and letting him do his thing. Peter was, brilliantly, not “smart money.”
So the best government defers smarts about which startups to invest in to the investors, the investors defer smarts about how to build the company to the startups, and startups defer the wisdom of what would be a good idea to build to the market. The intelligence is distributed, and it works.
David Weekly is the CEO of Oha.na, which helps users create visual newsletters. He is also a startup mentor and has helped found Hacker Dojo, PBworks, Mexican.VC and SuperHappyDevHouse.
Image courtesy of Flickr user Michiel020.
John Erskine, Earl of Mar, KT (1675 – May 1732) was a Scottish Jacobite who was the eldest son of Charles, Earl of Mar (who died in 1689), from whom he inherited estates that were heavily loaded with debt.[1] He was the 23rd Earl of Mar in the first creation of the earldom. He was also the sixth earl in the seventh creation (of 1565).[2]. He was nicknamed "Bobbing John", for his tendency to shift back and forth from faction to faction, whether from Tory to Whig or Hanoverian to Jacobite. Deprived of office by the new king in 1714, Mar raised the standard of rebellion against the Hanoverians; at the battle of Sheriffmuir in November 1715, Mar's forces outnumbered those of his opponent, but victory eluded him. At Fetteresso his cause was lost, and Mar fled to France, where he would spend the remainder of his life. The parliament passed a Writ of Attainder for treason against Mar in 1716 as punishment for his disloyalty, which was not lifted until 1824. He died in 1732.
Life [ edit ]
Portrait of John Erskine as a boy painted in 1690.
In the early 18th century Mar was associated with a party favourable to the government, was one of the Commissioners for the Union, and was made a Scottish Secretary of State; becoming, after the Union of 1707, a representative peer for Scotland, Keeper of the Signet, and a Privy Counsellor. In 1713 Mar was made by the Tories a British Secretary of State, but he seems to have been equally ready to side with the Whigs, and in 1714 he assured the new King, George I, of his loyalty. However, like other Tories, he was deprived of his office, and in August 1715 he went in disguise to Scotland and placed himself at the head of the Jacobite adherents of James Edward, the Old Pretender.[1]
Meeting many Highland chieftains at Aboyne, Mar avowed an earnest desire for the independence of Scotland. At Braemar on 6 September 1715, he proclaimed James VIII King of Scotland, England, France and Ireland, thus beginning the Jacobite rising of 1715. Gradually the forces under his command were augmented, but as a general he was a failure. Precious time was wasted at Perth, a feigned attack on Stirling was without result, and he could give little assistance to the English Jacobites. At Sheriffmuir, where a battle was fought in November 1715, Mar's forces largely outnumbered those of his opponent, the Duke of Argyll. The battle was actually a draw (each army's right wing defeated the other's left wing). However, Mar's indecisiveness meant that the aftermath of the battle was strategically a decisive defeat for the Jacobites.[1]
Mar then met the Pretender at Fetteresso; his cause however was lost, and Mar and the Prince fled to France, where he would spend the remainder of his life. The Parliament of Great Britain passed a Writ of Attainder for treason against Mar in 1716 as punishment for his disloyalty; this was not lifted until 1824.
Mar sought to interest foreign powers in the cause of the Stuarts; but in the course of time he became thoroughly distrusted by the Jacobites. In 1721 he accepted a pension of £3500 a year from George I, and in the following year his name was freely mentioned in connection with the trial of Bishop Atterbury, who, it was asserted, had been betrayed by Mar. This charge may perhaps be summarised as not proven. At the best his conduct was highly imprudent, and so in 1724 the Pretender finally broke with Mar. His later years were spent in Paris and at Aix-la-Chapelle, where he died in 1732.[1]
Marriage, issue and descendants [ edit ]
Portrait of John Erskine, 6th Earl of Mar, painted by Hyacinthe Rigaud
Mar first married Lady Margaret Hay on 6 April 1703, daughter of Thomas Hay, 7th Earl of Kinnoull. She bore him a son, Thomas, in 1705. Lady Margaret died four years later on 26 April 1707. Mar married for his second wife Lady Frances Pierrepont, daughter of Evelyn Pierrepont, 1st Duke of Kingston-upon-Hull. The match was excellent, as it provided Mar with the funds to finally begin to clear his inherited debts. Lady Frances went mad in 1728 due to the stress of his exile in France. She outlived Mar by 35 years, dying on 4 March 1767.
Notable relatives [ edit ]
In popular culture [ edit ]
The progressive rock band Genesis wrote a song, "Eleventh Earl of Mar" (found on their Wind & Wuthering album), about Mar and the 1715 Jacobite rising. The lyrics were written by Mike Rutherford, who explains "I had this idea after reading this history book about a failed Scottish rising. I liked the idea of him -- he was a bit gay, a bit camp, and a bit well-dressed." [3]
He was mentioned in a contemporary folk song "Cam Ye O'er Frae France", which was recorded by British folk rock band Steeleye Span.
He was mentioned in the Starz original series, Outlander season two, episode two.
The Alloa branch of Wetherspoons is named 'The Bobbing John'.
Notes [ edit ]
Milwaukee School of Engineering officials on Monday announced the construction of a new, $34 million academic facility which will specialize in artificial intelligence and computational science education. The center, to be named the Dwight and Dian Diercks Computational Science Hall, will be constructed at the center of campus. Dwight Dierkcs earned his bachelor's degree in computer science and engineering at MSOE in 1990, the school said in a news release. He also holds an Honorary Doctor of Engineering degree from the university. Today, Diercks serves as senior vice president at NVIDIA, a California-based technology company and global leader in AI, supercomputing and visual computing.Get breaking news alerts with the WISN 12 mobile app or with our email newsletters.Give us a follow: Facebook | Twitter | Instagram | YouTube
Milwaukee School of Engineering officials on Monday announced the construction of a new, $34 million academic facility which will specialize in artificial intelligence and computational science education.
The center, to be named the Dwight and Dian Diercks Computational Science Hall, will be constructed at the center of campus.
Dwight Dierkcs earned his bachelor's degree in computer science and engineering at MSOE in 1990, the school said in a news release. He also holds an Honorary Doctor of Engineering degree from the university. Today, Diercks serves as senior vice president at NVIDIA, a California-based technology company and global leader in AI, supercomputing and visual computing.
Get breaking news alerts with the WISN 12 mobile app or with our email newsletters.
Give us a follow: Facebook | Twitter | Instagram | YouTube
AlertMe
Returning To Roots, Clinton Lays Out Proposal To Expand Voting
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pat Sullivan/AP Pat Sullivan/AP
This post was updated at 5:20 p.m. E.T.
Hillary Clinton called for universal, automatic voter registration Thursday, saying "every young man or young woman should be automatically registered to vote when they turn 18" unless they choose to opt out.
She also called on all states to offer at least 20 days of early voting, to give as many people as possible a chance to cast ballots.
Speaking at Texas Southern University to receive a leadership award, Clinton blasted states, including Texas and Wisconsin that have reduced early voting in recent years.
"I call on Republicans at all levels of government with all manner of ambition to stop fear mongering about a phantom epidemic of election fraud and start explaining why they're so scared of letting citizens have their say," she said.
The Republican National Committee was quick to hit back, calling Clinton's language "misleading and divisive."
"Some people became Girl Scouts and we did politics."
"In reality, the vast majority of Americans — including minority voters — support commonsense measures to prevent voter fraud. Clinton's shameless attacks ignore the fact her Democrat-led home state of New York does not allow early voting while dozens of Republican-led states do. Her exploitation of this issue only underscores why voters find her dishonest and untrustworthy," Orlando Watson, RNC communications director for black media, said in a statement.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Maine Township High School Maine Township High School
Clinton's Early Involvement In Voting Rights, And Fraud
For Clinton, focusing on voting rights was something of a return to her roots. Her campaign points out that in 1972 she went to Texas to help register Latino voters.
But Clinton has been interested in voting rules since her earliest involvement in politics. Even at 13, she was incensed over what she saw as a distortion of democracy at the polls. And she was willing to do something about it, even then, flashing signs of the single-minded determination that even today inspires admiration in some and exasperation in others.
Young Hillary Rodham closely followed the 1960 presidential race between John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon. Her father, Hugh Rodham, was a staunch Republican and as Clinton wrote in her book Living History he believed then-Chicago Mayor "Richard J. Daley's creative vote counting had won the election for President-Elect Kennedy."
This was not an isolated opinion at the time. The best historical assessment is that there was voter fraud in Chicago in 1960, though it is impossible to say whether it affected the outcome of the presidential race in Illinois.
Clinton writes that the day after the election, her social studies teacher came to class "and showed us bruises he claimed he had gotten when he tried to question the activities of the Democratic machine's poll watchers at his voting precinct in Chicago on election day."
Rodham and her best friend Betsy Ebeling (Johnson at the time) were so outraged they called Mayor Daley's office during their lunch hour to complain. That weekend the two girls decided to volunteer with a group of Republicans who were checking voter lists against addresses, looking for voter fraud.
"Betsy and I decided to participate. We knew our parents would never give us permission, so we didn't ask," Clinton writes.
So, they took a bus from the sheltered suburb of Park Ridge, Ill., where they lived, to a hotel in downtown Chicago where the volunteers were gathering.
"We were each handed a stack of voter registration lists and assigned to different teams who, we were told, would drive us to our destinations, drop us off and pick us up a few hours later," Clinton writes.
Clinton writes that she went off, clipboard in hand, "fearless and stupid."
toggle caption Living History
Even if Illinois was stolen for Kennedy, it wouldn't have been enough to win it for Nixon. Plus, Nixon had already conceded the race.
What was the takeaway for the girls? Don't go to the big city without telling your parents. And:
It "kind of made you think, 'Oh, there's more to this, more to elections than just writing on a ballot,' " said Ebeling in a recent interview.
Ebeling and Rodham went on to become "Goldwater Girls" wearing cowgirl hats and helping to set up Goldwater's office in Park Ridge.
"It just seemed to be part of what you did. Some people became Girl Scouts and we did politics," said Ebeling, reflecting on her early political activism with her friend Hillary Rodham.
Originally Posted by maxpayne (Source) Originally Posted by
So now we have Bounty hunting, trading, exploring, mining as the main careers.
Every time i see the fuel transfer limpet, I would ask myself "Who would install this onto their ship except the highly Honorable Fuel Rats?"
I asked myself how to make this module useful to normal players?
And I come up with this idea --- Space Rescue Unit.
This idea does not require new internal module.
I believe it is easier to implement and gives an extra layer of gameplay to the existing game.
I would like to propose the following
1. Fuel transfer to NPC
A new mission type to ask player to transfer fuel to npc.
This mission type can be found in system in boom state more often.
The fraction would ask you to rescue a wing of npc.
A SOS signal would be found in supercruise for this too.
2. Rescue occupied escape pod / liberation mission (or even escort mission)
I know these 2 types of missions already exist in the current mission pool.
However, it would be nice if it is more "human" like.
For example, after fuel transferring to the npc, the npc might tell you one of their wings was shot down/ taken by pirate and request you to save them. (The player can decline the request)
2.1 Escort mission
Once the fuel transfer is complete, the npc will tell you their FSD is broken down and request you to protect them for 15 to 30 min. Pirate would then be spawned and player needs to protect the npc until their FSD is repaired/charged.
3. Legal Savage
A new POI in space to allow legal savage after/during a war/civil war.
The current Savage mission is "spawned" if the player takes this type of mission.
What I suggest is that this POI is semi-permanently located near the cz to allow player to farm it like RES. Player can rescue occupied escape pod and filter the important stuff for maximum profit.
To add a little bit challenge, npc might spawn to take over the "black box" for combat intel. The amount of npc should be way less than RES tho.
It also allows non-combat player to influence the system in war.
Most of the gameplay above has already in the game. My idea would somehow "chain" them together. It should be easier to implement than building a whole new thing up.
Please feel free to discuss. o7o7
off-topic: FDev please add more vocal message by NPC pirate/ ship. It is too silent in supercruise.
Intel unveiled its Thunderbolt 3 technology with USB-C at Computex this summer. It described the advanced interface as "one compact port that does it all". At Computex an Intel exec gushed "Thunderbolt 3 is computer port nirvana – delivering two 4K displays, fast data, and quick notebook charging… and so much more." Now, at IDF 2015 we are seeing devices that can provide a lot of useful features thanks to Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C.
In a blog post coinciding with the IDF Intel sums up the capabilities of Thunderbolt 3 as follows: "A Thunderbolt 3 cable provides four times the data transfer per second and twice the video bandwidth of any other cable, while also supplying power. It's unrivalled for new uses, such as 4K video, single-cable docks with charging, external graphics, and built-in 10 GbE networking". Intel has, just days ago, gained USB 3.1 certification for the Intel Thunderbolt 3 controller from the USB-IF.
There are a number of Thunderbolt demos going on at various IDF booths right now. Of particular interest is the Thunderbolt 3 external graphics demo in the Computing Innovation Zone. HEXUS has taken some photos of a couple of new devices which provide external graphics and one of them also incorporates a number of extra ports including USB 3, HDMI ports, DisplayPorts, and Ethernet.
In the pictures above you can see a sleek Thunderbolt 3 docking device. It has all the ports mentioned above plus, round the front, it offers external audio, another USB 3 port and a USB-C port. The box can drive two 4K monitors, and was shown doing that at the demo. The model shown above includes an AMD Radeon R9 M385 GPU.
If you were excited to hear about this external graphics capability but the above example let you down a bit – don't worry – Intel was also demoing a much meatier GPU connected via Thunderbolt 3. In the picture below you can see a box, with the cover off on the left of the photo, that contains a regular ASUS made desktop AMD Radeon R9 200 series graphics card. This card was up and running, looping the Unigine Heaven benchmark on an attached 1440p desktop monitor.
Such external graphics cards could be very appealing to those who like to buy laptops for the ultimate in portability, yet would like to have the option to game on it when they get back to 'base'. I think I would prefer a thin and light Thunderbolt 3 laptop with a powerful external GPU option to the rather heavy switchable graphics laptop I own now. Thunderbolt 3 could mean an end to proprietary locked-in 'graphics amplifiers' like those designed by Alienware.
Fifth round rookie linebacker Matt Milano has already become a fan favorite, and he has only averaged 46.2% of the defensive snaps this season. We have been calling for Milano to start for many weeks now, but looking back I like how they brought him along. Rather than throwing him in, they brought him along slowly. Milano was able to digest the playbook, and work on his technique and role within the defensive structure so that he was not just relying on his athleticism. I think this maturation process has set up the defense perfectly going into the week 16 matchups against the New England Patriots.
Tom Brady has seen it all and, especially when defenses want to play zone coverage, he picks that strategy apart. But what teams have done against him as of late is play more man coverage. Playing man coverage is a lot easier with no Julian Edelman in the lineup, as Edelman is a guy that dominates the slot and the middle of the field. Amendola is a similar type of receiver, but he doesn't offer the explosiveness that Edelman possesses in and out of his breaks or after the catch. Cook has been the Patriots' outside deep threat, and a good one at that, but he only has two games over 100 yards. The New England passing offense operates through their tight end Rob Gronkowski and running backs Rex Burkhead, Dion Lewis, and James White.
If the Bills want to run man coverage like a lot of teams have versus the Patriots, then they cannot have LB Ramon Humber in coverage. With Milano on the field more, defensive coordinator Leslie Frazier can disguise coverages more and drop into man coverage if needed without having to worry. Milano, unlike Humber, has the skills to run with the running backs of New England. In the week 13 matchups he only played in 31.4% of the snaps, but was on the field for several crucial plays when Brady targeted his running backs.
I believe with Milano now the starter, Buffalo will be able to play more man coverage. Milano matched up against the Patriots' running back and as a ‘Robber' or underneath linebacker to help out vs. Gronk. This will force Brady to go elsewhere. The one-on-one matchups will be fun to watch.
Do you believe these matchups fall in favor of the Bills? Do you think Brandin Cooks can win consistently against Tre'Davious White and EJ Gaines?
Leicester Tigers have completed the signing of George Ford from Bath Rugby for the start of the 2017/18 season in a move which will also see fly-half Freddie Burns travel in the opposite direction to join his hometown club.
Ford graduated from the Tigers academy to make his first-team debut as a 16-year-old in November 2009 and went on to make 41 first-team appearances and share in Anglo-Welsh Cup and Aviva Premiership title wins with the club before joining Bath in the summer of 2013.
He has since established himself at the core of a successful England squad, winning his 32nd cap in the Six Nations win over Wales last weekend, and has played a prominent part at club level with Bath including in their run to the European Challenge Cup Final in 2014 and Premiership Final a year later.
Ford, 23, will team up with England colleagues Ben Youngs and Dan Cole as well as squad members Ellis Genge and Mike Williams, on his return to Welford Road.
Burns, 26, joined Tigers from Gloucester in the summer of 2014 after starting two of England's Tests in New Zealand that year. He passed the 1,000 points mark in Premiership rugby this season and has almost 500 points in 65 appearances for Tigers.
Tigers head coach Aaron Mauger said: “We are absolutely delighted to be able to confirm the signing of George Ford, a player we obviously know well from his time here in the academy and as a young man making the breakthrough into senior rugby.
“He has become one of the leading players in his position in Europe and is still a young man with a lot of rugby ahead him. We look forward to his return to Welford Road in the summer.
“While delighted to be able to bring in George, we are disappointed to lose Freddie who has been an outstanding player for us in the last three years. Freddie has bought totally into the Tigers ethos in his time here and he is a popular member of the squad with the players and supporters.
“Freddie has made a significant contribution on and off the field here and we look forward to him continuing to play a prominent role with us in the remainder of the season while wishing him well when he moves to Bath in the summer.”
NEW DELHI: Nathuram Godse 's family believes that the assassin, a staunch member of the RSS was neither expelled from the sangh nor did he ever leave the organisation.This comes at the time when Congress Vice president Rahul Gandhi is fighting a defamation case filed by a sangh activist on his statement that the RSS killed Mahatma Gandhi Talking to ET, Satyaki Savarkar , grand nephew of Nathuram Godse and Veer Savarkar, said the family has preserved all important writings of both Nathuram and Gopal Godse, some of which, according to him, clearly indicate that Nathuram Godse was a dedicated member of the RSS but had increasingly become disillusioned with the sangh for not being radical enough.Grandson of Gopal Godse, the younger brother of Nathuram Godse and also a convict in Gandhi assassination, Satyaki, is a software professional who is now reviving the original Hindu Mahasabha, founded by hindutva ideologue Veer Savarkar."Nathuram joined the RSS when he was in Sangli in 1932. He remained a boudhik karyawah till his death. He was neither expelled nor did he ever leave the organisation," Satyaki said."I am definitely upset with the RSS for denying the fact that he was a swayamsevak. I understand that they do not support the act of killing Gandhiji but they cannot run away from the facts," he added.Satyaki said that Nathuram had led a protest against the Nizam of Hyderabad under the Hindu Mahasabha banner in 1938-1939 that much RSS swayamsevaks were also a part of."He was also jailed for that. It was a "muktisangram" in 1938-1939 in Bhagyanagar against the nizam of hyderabad. Naturamji was totally against the idea of islamic state that the Nizam wanted to establish in Hyderabad and he was torturing the hindus. He was part of the discrete project to identify and mark hindu households in Hyderabad, unite them and bring in outside help in the State. He used to send articles to a newspaper there and many were published. Many of such writings have been preserved by our family," Satyaki said.Satyaki said the relationship between Nathuram Godse and RSS sarsangchalak then, M S Golwalkar had soured over the latter taking credit for translating Babarao Savarkar's book Rashtra Mimansa in English. "Nathuram formed his own organisation called Hindu Rashtra Dal in 1942 on the day of Vijayadashami. Though he resigned from his Hindu Mahasabha position in 1946 over the issue of partition, the organisation was the only one that supported him through his legal procedures," Satyaki said.The RSS however is firm that Nathuram Godse had quit the organisation before Gandhi's murder in 1948. A senior sangh leader said Godse could have been part of the RSS at some time but "at the time of the murder, he was not part of the organisation.""There is enough proof that he was extremely critical of the RSS and had severed ties with it. There is no process of expulsion followed in the RSS," he added.In an interview in 1994 Gopal Godse had said that all the three Godse brothers - Nathuram, Dattatreya and Gopal were part of the RSS and had not left the organisation.According to Satyaki Savarkar, there is no doubt that all three Godse brothers including Nathuram himself were members of the RSS "It is believed that Nathuramji continued organising hindutva shibirs, similar to an RSS shibir even in the 1940s. He however felt only a revolt could change the situation for the hindus then and that couldn't be achieved through constitutional methods. " Savarkar said.Satyaki is the son of Gopal Godse's daughter Himani Savarkar who passed away last year. She was running Abhinav Bharat that was originally started as a secret revolutionary movement in 1904 by Veer Savarkar for raising an armed struggle against the British.Himani Savarkar was also among those questioned with regard to the organisation's role in Malegaon bomb blast case.Satyaki said the RSS has not just abandoned Nathuram Godse but also forgotten Veer Savarkar's dream of creating a "strong hindu society.""I have attended the RSS shakhas as a child. Not just my grand uncles, even some of my cousins were with the RSS. But I believe the RSS now is all about sewa and cultural binding. It has forgotten the original message of Savarkar to unite and militarise hindus to fight for political rights. Savarkar's hindutva is different from the RSS hindutva," Satyaki added.
Zen has a funny reputation…seriously.
Everyone's very serious and uptight…and at the same time, the great Zen teachers are famous for their irreverent troublemaking humor. I guess the view at the top of the mountain of our own foolish path is…equal parts sad and funny.
A cursory understanding of Buddhism and Zen will be helpful to understand a few of these…not that it matters either way, since all is nothingness…so we might as well laugh about it.
~
1.
Q: How many Zen buddhists does it take to change a light bulb?
A: Three – one to change it, one to not-change it and one to both change-and not-change it.
~
2.
Zen is not easy.
It takes effort to attain nothingness.
And then what do you have?
Bugger all.
~
3.
Wherever you go, there you are.
Your luggage is another story.
~
4.
Breathe in. Breathe out.
Breathe in. Breathe out.
Forget this and attaining Enlightenment
will be the least of your problems.
~
5.
Drink tea and nourish life.
With the first sip… joy.
With the second… satisfaction.
With the third, peace.
With the fourth, a danish.
~
6.
A young woman asked Suzuki Roshi after a talk, “Roshi, sometimes when I'm trying to decide what I should do, I ask myself, ‘In this case, what would Roshi do?' Should I continue that practice?”
Roshi answered, “Then should I also ask myself, ‘What would Roshi do?'
~
7.
One zen student said, “My teacher is the best. He can go days without eating.”
The second said, “My teacher has so much self-control, he can go days without sleep.”
The third said, “My teacher is so wise that he eats when he's hungry and sleeps when he's tired.”
~
8.
Q: How much “ego” do you need?
A: Just enough so that you don't step in front of a bus.
~ Shunryu Suzuki
~
9.
“I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment.”
— Gautama Buddha
~
10.
If there is no self,
whose arthritis is this?
By Jeffrey Wasserstrom
In last week's post, three regular contributors to the China Blog gave suggestions for books dealing with Chinese themes that would make good holiday gifts. Next week's post will take the form of a sequel, offering recommendations for last minute present shopping. So, it seems fitting that this post, which falls between, is an interview with the author of a very appealing book on China that would also be good to give to someone on your to-buy-for list. Published in other markets by Penguin last year but only recently available in the U.S., it is titled Dragons in Diamond Village: And Other Tales from the Back Alleys of Urbanising China, and it is by the versatile David Bandurski, an independent journalist, documentary filmmaker, and now book author as well. Bandurski joins me here to discuss recent developments in rural-urban unrest and the state of the Chinese media.
JEFFREY WASSERSTROM: I just saw this great Lucy Hornby review of your book in the Financial Times. Congratulations on that. Since the FT is paywalled (though probably accessible via a Google search), can you tell readers some things you particularly liked in it and explain why?
DAVID BANDURSKI: Well, all of the stories in my book take place in urban villages — rural villages, often with deep histories, caught up in the fabric of urban development. In our news coverage of China we don't hear much about urban villages, but in fact they are ubiquitous. The FT review appreciates this. Hornby writes: “One Chinese researcher who specializes in analyzing local unrest on Beijing's behalf has told the Financial Times he has a secret formula for starting his investigations: look for the unfinished construction site and ask the neighbors why it has been held up. The answer will almost always unlock an explanation for local grievances, as it does in Xian Village.”
That is so true. In fact, my habit when I was researching the book was to spread out a city map and circle the names of villages within the city limits, visiting as many as I could. Almost without fail I would find troubled semi-rural enclaves, tucked behind modern developments, facing exactly the kinds of problems I write about in the book. I also enjoyed the quote from Chinese novelist Yan Lianke, whose latest book, The Explosion Chronicles (just out in English translated by Carlos Rojas) is about urbanization. Talking about “an internal truth that's been paved over,” he says: “You need to see how many people have been torn apart to create today's cities.” That really resonates with me, as it no doubt would with the urban villagers I write about.
Having reviewed for newspapers myself, including the FT, I know how hard it can be to cover a complex book, as yours is, in a very short format. So, is there any aspect of the book that the reviewer didn't get a chance to discuss that you'd like to mention?
The review focuses on the central narrative of the book, which is the story of Xian Village, a community right in the center of modern Guangzhou that has earned the nickname “Diamond Village” because of the value of its land. But I also try to weave this story together with other stories of what the review aptly calls “rural resistance in urban China.” So, for example, I also explore the story of a villager from the remote outskirts of the city whose native village is consumed by urbanization because local leaders want to cash in on land deals. They say, look, you have to move on, you can't rely on the land anymore. His land is taken while he's doing jail time for trying to lead opposition to a development planned in secret without community input. This act of theft sets him on a permanent path of resistance until he's an unrepentant rights defender. He connects with other villagers and activists around the city, including, quite serendipitously, others I write about.
As I hope my book makes clear, this process has brought villagers and activists together in interesting ways, as part of a very harassed and fragmented rights movement.
Wukan was back in the news earlier this fall. Can you very briefly bring readers of this blog up to date on that story — and say a bit about how it relates to themes in Dragons in Diamond Village?
Sure. Wukan is a village in Guangdong Province, on the outskirts of the city of Lufeng, that broke into protests in 2011, with villagers calling for real democratic elections. They wanted action on corrupt land deals in which the government sold their land to developers without proper compensation — a frightfully common story, I'm afraid. To make the long story short, the villagers won the right to elect a new village leadership.
Protests broke out again in Wukan a couple of months ago after the democratically elected leader of the village, Lin Zulian, was jailed for corruption. He made a public confession on Chinese state television. When the villagers staged more protests in response to what all signs point to as a spurious prosecution and a forced public confession, riot police moved in, arresting villagers. Anxious to avoid a repeat of events in 2011, the authorities were also far more aggressive in dealing with foreign journalists trying to cover the story. I think this was retribution, four years delayed, against the village of Wukan for an experiment many Communist Party leaders surely saw as a dangerous precedent.
This experiment was, in my view, doomed from the start. How could the elected leaders possibly hope to resolve these land issues when leaders at every level over their heads had been complicit, and not only hoped their experiment would fail but had a clear interest in seeing land deals of this kind continue? The Financial Times reported in 2011 that 40 percent of local government revenue in this part of Guangdong came from land financing, basically the sale of cheap village land to property developers. In many cities, the percentage is even higher, and the incentive to take village land for profit is a huge driver of the kinds of cases of abuse and resistance I document.
How does all this fit in with Xi Jinping's anti-corruption drive?
In spite of all of Xi's talk about the need to strike tigers, or senior officials, as well as flies, I sense that local officials are more empowered than ever to take their own course. I worry that at the local level there is even less oversight than before. We saw this in the recent Wukan crackdown, when all of the information coming out was from the local government and police — something I also wrote about. So I think we could see more, not less, abuse of this kind under Xi.
As I suggested earlier, cases of abuse in urban villages are actually far more common than coverage, particularly in English, would lead you to believe. The execution of villager Jia Jinglong was recently in the international headlines about China. Jia's crime was to murder the man responsible for the forced demolition of his home. That demolition was part of an urban village regeneration project started back in 2009, and very similar to the one underway in “Diamond Village.” Another recent headline in the New York Times read: “A Chinese Farmer's Execution Shows the Pitfalls of Rapid Urbanization.” But it's about more than just urbanization. It's about lack of real rule of law, and lack of mechanisms of consultation like those hoped for in Wukan.
Can you fill in readers a bit more on Jia and what you think he stands for in the minds of many Chinese familiar with his case?
Jia Jinglong became a symbol of injustice for many Chinese, and his execution provoked fierce debate over unfairnesses in the system, and the impossibility of seeking recourse through legal channels. This is something I think you can see clearly in my book, the way villagers find it virtually impossible to be heard. Again, we see stories like this happening all the time. Back in May, a man named Fan Huapei was gunned down by police in Zhengzhou, the capital of Henan province. When I saw that the case stemmed from a forced property demolition, I did a quick search and found that, yes, the village in question was another urban village facing regeneration. It was home to about 500 local village families and more than 50,000 migrant workers. A chatroom post by a local resident pre-dating the tragedy said district leaders “regard laws as so much dung, and the ordinary peoples' lives and property as so much livestock.” Fan had stabbed three men to death in a conflict over the forced demolition of his tenement property, a source of rental income from migrants. His case was eerily like that of Guangzhou villager Li Qizhong, whose story I tell in my book. I remember Li telling me on one of my visits to his “nail house” — the term in Chinese for a property holding out against demolition — that violence was the only language government leaders understood, and so he would speak to them in their language.
Last but by no means least, the last year has been an incredibly eventful and often worrisome period for two issues that you track very closely: control of media on the mainland and freedom of speech in Hong Kong. Two places I go to in order to keep up with developments relating to these topics are the China Media Project and the Hong Kong Free Press. What other sources would you recommend as worth checking out? Is there someone who is consistently doing good work on them that readers of this blog might want to follow?
Media and publishing in Hong Kong are certainly under greater and greater pressure. The case of the missing booksellers has gotten a lot of international attention this year, highlighting interference by Chinese authorities but problems have been going on a lot longer than that. The great thing about Hong Kong is that this is a place where we can still stand up and push back. This is why a number of us recently got together to relaunch the Hong Kong chapter of PEN, the international writers' group. We want to promote and defend freedom of expression in Hong Kong, and to promote literary creation of all kinds, in both Chinese and English. So I encourage anyone interested to follow us or become involved. We have plenty of interesting events in store.
Hong Kong is also seeing a burst of start-up activity in the media. You mentioned Hong Kong Free Press, which publishes in English, and they are a great source. One of my favorite Chinese-language outlets is Initium, launched last year by veteran journalist Zhang Jieping. I think they manage quite well to cover affairs in Hong Kong, China and Taiwan in ways that others don't. Some of their reporters are escapees, in fact, from mainland media.
In retrospect, I think we could say that ten years ago we were spoilt for choice if we wanted rational, intelligent commentaries, or even in-depth reporting, from mainland Chinese media. A lot of those voices have disappeared, or at least gone underground for the time being to private WeChat forums, or old-fashioned e-mail networks. Just this year, for example, we saw the demise of Consensus Net, which had been a leading platform for writing from Chinese intellectuals. I still turn almost daily to Caixin Media, which has maintained its professional standards, even if there is less it can cover.
Increasingly, I find I am turning to more classic readings of Communist Party discourse. And that means, unfortunately, daily digs into the official People's Daily to read the tea leaves as best I can. Chinese President Xi Jinping has recently pushed himself as “the core,” which suggests he is positioning himself for the next major Party meeting a year from now. What happens in the next year will tell us a lot about what direction China and China's media are heading. I am anxiously watching those signs, and readers are of course welcome to follow my writings at the China Media Project.
By Herbert Finderman
With the release of her new book, What Happened, Hillary Clinton has shown once again that she is unwilling to do what Americans have wanted her to do for years: get out of politics and move on, to a place where she is still just visible enough for me to siphon all of my negative feelings out of my heart and onto her.
Many young people forget that prior to being a failed presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton was a scourge on our country through the 1990's. She was there for disastrous welfare reform, the expansion of the prison industrial complex, and both of my divorces.
From the moment she took the national stage, Hillary couldn't stand not being in the spotlight and grasping for power, much like my older sister, who would make me go to bed when I didn't want to. Time after time, she has forced us to listen to her drone on in answers to questions about why she didn't make cookies and why she didn't change her name, about deals she made as a corporate lawyer, or events leading up to Benghazi, or the most intimate and painful aspects of her husband's affair, all so she could selfishly continue to be a politician. We get it. You like to talk. Just like the doctor who explained to me that I had diabetes and couldn't drink coke anymore.
While many if not most politicians as high-profile as Hillary write books about their experiences in office, with her, it's different. She. Lost. It is 100% her fault that we now have to live with Donald Trump as president. We can all agree that explaining herself in a book after the fact is a luxury reserved for Americans who make honest mistakes, like OJ Simpson, Charles Manson, and the Unabomber. If I wanted to listen to a woman explain why she failed, I would call up my mother and ask her to tell me about the time she promised my brother and I would quit drinking.
Ideally Hillary would abandon her book tour and get back to her hikes in the woods, returning to my facebook feed only about once a month so I can lose my shit during a fb comment war about her with my niece's college friend.
In sum, Hillary Clinton needs to stop acting like she is an inspiration to millions of women and girls and accept that she exists solely as an existential threat to a relatively small number of men.
Andhra Pradesh government gave permission to prosecute All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) Chandrayangutta MLA Akbaruddin Owaisi today, in a 2004 case for an alleged hate speech. Chandrayangutta MLA Akbaruddin had allegedly made "communally inciting speeches" in 2004 public meetings during elections.
Andhra Pradesh government gave permission to prosecute All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) Chandrayangutta MLA Akbaruddin Owaisi today, in a 2004 case for an alleged hate speech.
Chandrayangutta MLA Akbaruddin had allegedly made “communally inciting speeches” in 2004 public meetings during elections.
Subsequently, he was booked by the Chandrayangutta police under Sections 153 A (Promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion), Section 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant) of the Indian Penal Code and Section 125 of Representation of the People Act (Promoting enmity between different classes).
Later, the city police wrote to the government seeking permission to prosecute Akbaruddin Owaisi.
Upon perusal of relevant records pertaining to the case, the government said in an order today that the accused (Akbaruddin Owaisi) should be tried for offences punished under section 153-A.
“The Government of Andhra Pradesh hereby accords sanction for prosecution of the accused for offences punished under Section 153-A,” the order said.
Akbaruddin, was earlier booked suo motu by police in Adilabad and Nizamabad II Town police, besides in Hyderabad and other parts of Andhra Pradesh, for allegedly delivering provocative speeches against a particular community at Nizamabad and Nirmal in December 2012.
Akbaruddin, was subsequently arrested by Nirmal police from Gandhi Hospital in Hyderabad on January 8 last year (2013), and was sent to judicial custody and later granted bail.
AUSTIN — Texas Muslims rallying at the Capitol on Thursday were greeted by insults from a small group of protesters and demands from one lawmaker that they take a loyalty pledge to the U.S.
More than 200 people came to the rally, hosted by the Texas chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, to learn about government and political engagement and discuss issues with lawmakers. About two dozen self-identified Christians protested nearby, shouting, “We don't want you here!” and “Go home!” as children in the crowd grew visibly upset. At one point, a protester grabbed a rallygoer's microphone to declare Muhammad a “false prophet.”
Earlier, Rep. Molly White, R-Belton, said she had left an Israeli flag on her reception desk and instructed her staff to ask Muslims who visited her office to renounce Islamic terrorists and pledge allegiance to the U.S.
“We will see how long they stay in my office,” White posted on Facebook.
Quiet ritual shaken
The incidents were unusual conflicts in what is usually a quiet ritual of a legislative session — groups representing interests from religions to professions to areas of the state spending a day meeting lawmakers for citizen lobbying. The clashes set off a series of denunciations from lawmakers and religious and civil rights groups.
It was the seventh straight organized visit to the Capitol by Texas Muslims. A spokeswoman said the hostile reception was a first.
“The problem that even the lawmakers have — they don't know Muslims,” said Mustafaa Carroll, executive director of CAIR Texas. “And anytime anything happens anywhere in the world, they're asking Muslims to denounce something they have nothing to do with. If you want a denunciation, ask those people who did it.”
White later said she welcomes constituents to visit her office but stopped short of apologizing for the pledge demand.
At the rally, which included singing the national anthem and speeches about political engagement, protester Christine Weick nearly knocked over Ruth Nasrullah, a spokeswoman for CAIR Texas, to claim the microphone.
“Islam will never dominate the United States, and by the grace of God, it will not dominate Texas,” Weick shouted.
After regaining control of the microphone, Nasrullah said the outburst reminded attendees why their presence was necessary at the Capitol.
“Muslims are here by the hundreds with no agenda but to share our concerns with the elected officials of our state,” she said.
View video at dallasnews.com
The group said they came to support a law that allows immigrants in the country illegally to pay in-state tuition at state universities and measures that would require body cameras for law enforcement officers.
Protester Darcy Savage from Leesburg, Fla., said the Founding Fathers did not intend freedom of religion to extend beyond Christianity. He and his wife have recently begun traveling to different states to protest Shariah, Islamic law that some Western nations have consulted in matters of marriage or contracts among Muslims.
“Muslims are counter-Christian. They will kill you for being a Christian,” Savage said before the rally. “I don't trust any Muslims. They want to impose Shariah on us.”
Actions questioned
House Speaker Joe Straus, without mentioning White by name, said in a written statement that lawmakers have “a responsibility to treat all visitors just as we expect to be treated — with dignity and respect.”
“Anything else reflects poorly on the entire body and distracts from the very important work in front of us,” said Straus, R-San Antonio.
The national office of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, a Muslim civil liberties organization, asked House leaders to rule on whether White had violated House rules by “creating such an internal office policy that is selectively being enforced to discriminate against certain religious minorities trying to meet with her or her staff.”
“Are House members prohibited from making constituents take oaths before meeting with their elected representatives or house staff?” the council asked.
Rep. Charlie Geren, a Fort Worth Republican who is a top Straus lieutenant, said White had not violated any House rules that he knew of.
“It's her office, she can have whatever policy she wants,” he said.
Texas Democrats called on Republicans to “denounce the vile and bigoted comments” made by White.
While the day was marred by protesters, Simone Talma Flowers, executive director of Interfaith Action of Central Texas, said she hoped that the incident could provoke a dialogue about faith.
“Everyone wants the same things in life,” she said. “We want to be able to have success, to worship freely, to lead a good life.”
bmartin@dallasnews.com;
mbarnett@dallasnews.com
Follow Brittney Martin on Twitter at
@beedotmartin and Marissa Barnett at @marissambarnett.
Speaking to Motor1.com at last weekend's World Rallycross Championship round at Trois-Rivieres circuit, Block said the lack of a facility means that development of the sport in the USA will always lag behind its traditional stronghold in Scandinavia.
The domestic Global Rallycross Championship, in which Block regularly competed until this year, races at temporary venues across America.
“First of all, we don't even have a [full-time] track in America, and even this [the Canadian circuit] is a rallycross track thrown into a horse track,” said Block. “Really, we don't have anything that compares.
“I was over in Norway and Sweden for a while a couple months ago and even just in their test tracks, they're better than any track that we have in America for rallycross. It's really unfortunate that we don't have any of the facilities, even for teams to test in America.
“Hopefully in the long run we can have something in a major metropolis where teams can come out to test and practice and develop the grassroots scene, and it would be a top-level facility for us to race on.
“The Scandinavians have taken it a bit for granted because they have so many [tracks]. The Norway World Rallycross track and the Sweden one are two of the best in the world – and that's only one of several that they have, they actually have multiples of them.
“I think that, over time, hopefully in America we can develop some tracks, and that'll help develop more of a scene. But until then, if you look right now… out of the top eight [drivers], you've only got a couple that aren't Scandinavian.”
Interview by Jake Holmes
A new study in humans appears to confirm what has been shown in animal studies - that a class of drug used to treat diabetes may reduce the risk of developing Parkinson's disease.
Study finds diabetes patients taking glitazone pills were less likely to develop Parkinson's disease than patients receiving other diabetes treatments. Study finds diabetes patients taking glitazone pills were less likely to develop Parkinson's disease than patients receiving other diabetes treatments.
Published in PLOS Medicine, the study shows diabetes patients taking glitazone prescription drugs were almost a third less likely to develop Parkinson's disease than patients who were on other diabetes treatments and who had never taken that class of drug.
Estimates suggest around 1 in 500 people are affected by Parkinson's disease. To date, there are no effective treatments that directly tackle the disease, which kills nerve cells that produce dopamine - a brain chemical that is essential for conveying messages to muscles that control movement.
Lab and animal studies have shown that glitazones may prevent loss of nerve cells.
The new study - led by the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine in the UK - is the first to investigate glitazone use and incidence of Parkinson's disease in humans.
First author Dr. Ruth Brauer, who worked on the study while at the School and is now at King's College London, says:
"Although our study only looked at people with diabetes, we believe it's likely that the protective effect of glitazones may also be seen in people without diabetes."
The study suggests the reduced risk of developing Parkinson's only lasts while patients keep taking glitazones - the results showed no lasting benefit for patients who used to take them and then switched to other drugs.
Glitazones treat diabetes by activating a receptor to reduce insulin resistance. The receptor is called peroxisome proliferation-activated gamma (PPARɣ). However, the receptor also has other functions, many of which have not been studied extensively in humans. A receptor is a protein embedded in the cell wall that acts as a gatekeeper allowing only certain signals to enter.
28% lower incidence of Parkinson's disease in patients taking glitazones
For the study, the researchers examined the electronic health records of over 160,000 diabetes patients in the UK to match 44,597 glitazone users with 120,373 people using other antidiabetic drugs. Each glitazone user was matched to five users of other diabetic treatments of the same age, gender, attending the same clinic, and at the same diabetes treatment stage.
The data spanned from 1999 - when glitazones were first prescribed for the treatment of diabetes - to 2013. From the records covering this period, the researchers could see how many of the participants were diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.
The researchers found a 28% lower incidence of Parkinson's disease in the patients taking glitazones compared with counterparts taking other treatments for diabetes. The finding did not change when they took into account other factors that might affect Parkinson's disease risk - including smoking and head injury.
The authors note the study was not designed to look at whether the drug might slow the progress of Parkinson's once patients have been diagnosed with it - and so cannot say whether it does.
They also point out that glitazones have been linked with some serious side effects, including bladder cancer and cardiovascular problems.
The team hopes the unique findings will spur further studies, as Dr. Brauer concludes:
"Our results suggest that treatments which activate the PPARɣ receptor in the same way as glitazones could be promising targets in future drug research."
The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research funded the study.
The findings follow another recent Medical News Today report of a study that suggests two existing antimalaria drugs may slow Parkinson's disease, while reducing some of the side effects seen with current treatments.
As American airstrikes began raining down on the de facto capital of the Islamic State in Syria on Monday night, the militant group issued a new installment in its “lecture series” delivered by a British hostage, John Cantlie.
In the propaganda video, Mr. Cantlie is again seated at a table wearing an orange jumpsuit, in a reference to the outfits worn by Muslim prisoners at American detention centers at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. He reads from a script, explaining how the United States' involvement in the Syrian conflict will mirror its misadventures in Vietnam.
“In this program, we'll see how the Western governments are hastily marching towards all-out war in Iraq and Syria without paying any heed to the lessons of the recent past,” Mr. Cantlie says. “Not since Vietnam have we witnessed such a potential mess in the making.”
In an interview with ABC's Barbara Walters, President Obama made his first statement on how his administration will react to ballot measures that legalized the recreational use of marijuana in Colorado and Washington.
“We've got bigger fish to fry,” Obama said. “It would not make sense for us to see a top priority as going after recreational users in states that have determined that it's legal.”
Marijuana remains illegal under federal law. Given the administration's surprisingly strident stance that's led to cracking down on medical marijuana dispensaries, which are also legal due to state ballot measures, many feared the attorney general might sue to establish the continued illegality of the drug.
“This is a tough problem, because Congress has not yet changed the law,” Obama said. “I head up the executive branch; we're supposed to be carrying out laws. And so what we're going to need to have is a conversation about, how do you reconcile a federal law that still says marijuana is a federal offense and state laws that say that it's legal?”
The president does have the ability to prioritize enforcement as he has with immigration, granting a semi-legal status to students who would be eligible for a path to citizenship under the DREAM Act, which passed the House and was blocked in the Senate by a filibuster.
“I want to discourage drug use,” the president added. He also said that he would not support federal legalization of marijuana “at this point.”
The country is split about evenly on the broad question of legalization but a recent poll showed that a vast majority of Americans believe that the federal government should not prevent Colorado and Washington from allowing recreational use of the drug.
If the states are to act as laboratories of democracy, we may soon find out if regulating marijuana as we do alcohol may be more effective than prosecuting users.
Photo credit: AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta
Korea electronics giant LG continues to show the world that making a profit, or even breaking, from selling smartphones is no easy thing.
LG Mobile has posted just one quarter of profitability over the last two years, that was six months ago during the first quarter of sales of its new flagship, the LG G6, when it eked out a $3.2 million profit. Previous to that, you have to go way back to Q1 2015 for a quarterly profit.
The woes continued in LG's most recent quarter of business (Q3 2017) for which its mobile unit carded a negative KRW 375.3 billion, around $331.37 million. That actually represents a 13 percent improvement year-on-year but is worse than the KRW 132.4 billion ($117.27 million) loss made in Q2 2017.
LG will tout the fact that with 13.7 million shipments, its smartphone numbers were down only slightly on 13.9 million at the same time last year. It claimed shipments grew quarter-on-quarter by 44 percent in Korea and nine percent in the US, but its business has taken several steps back since it shipped 59 million devices in 2014.
The company is still making decent devices — its newest flagship is the LG G6 which sports a unique 2:1 aspect ratio display and first to latch on to the trend of tall-screened smartphones — but nice doesn't cut it.
It was sad — but fairly expected — that last quarter, the first full three-month period for the G6, LG warned that the phone wasn't selling as well as it had expected.
Ok, the high-end is tough. LG has traditionally done well on the mid-range, where it offers affordable smartphones that provide good ‘bang for buck'. But, with Chinese OEMs flooding markets across Asia and beyond with more stardust sprinkled on their devices, LG is falling short just like other Android makers. (Ask India's OEMs, which have been wiped out of the country's top seller list, for more about that.)
LG is far from alone, but it has been the slowest of the once-huge phone makers to react.
Sony massively scaled down its smartphone unit in recent years to stop the bleed — which had dragged down the company's overall financial results — while HTC, once a smartphone darling, took an unorthodox $1.1 billion investment from Google in September to effectively bail it out of financial trouble for a while longer. Even Samsung, second to Apple, makes more from component sales than its (popular) smartphone business.
All isn't a disaster because like the others, and unlike HTC, LG has other verticals to fall back on and prop its overall earnings up.
In this recent Q2, for example, LG's overall net income came to $456 million with revenue up 15 percent. All four of the firm's business units — home appliance and air, home entertainment, automotive, and that loss-making mobile division — posted annual revenue gains and post were significantly profitable.
The automotive division did card a $25 million loss but that was down to R&D investment — clearly essential for growth in this nascent and promising space. The same can't be said of smartphones in 2017. LG needs to seriously reconsider its mobile strategy after years of failure.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage appears to show inside the seized ship
Panama's president says his country has seized a North Korean-flagged ship carrying "undeclared military cargo".
President Ricardo Martinelli said the ship, stopped in the Panama Canal as it sailed from Cuba, contained suspected "sophisticated missile equipment".
He posted a photo of what looked like a large green object inside a cargo container on his Twitter account.
The president said the 35-strong crew had resisted the search and the captain had tried to kill himself.
The US "commended" Panama for its actions, and said it strongly supported a full inspection of the ship.
'Very worried'
The ship, the Chong Chon Gang, was stopped near Manzanillo on the Atlantic side of the canal last week.
Chong Chon Gang's route 17 April: Departs port of Vostochnyy, Nakhodka in Russian Far East (200km east of North Korean border)
31 May: Arrives at Pacific side of Panama Canal
1 June: Passes through Panama Canal
11 July: Arrives back at Panamanian port of Manzanillo
12 July: Ship searched
16 July: Panama announces its discovery
It had left Russia's far east in April and travelled across the Pacific Ocean before entering the canal at the start of June, with Cuba as its stated destination.
The ship had crossed the Pacific without its automatic tracking system switched on - a move described by the BBC's security correspondent Frank Gardner as highly suspicious.
Panama's Security Minister Jose Raul Mulino told the BBC that the ship - carrying 250,000 bags of sugar - was seized on 10 July after a tip-off that it was linked to drugs, but the "resistance and violence from the crew" delayed the search.
He said the suspected weaponry was found in two containers and did not rule out further "surprises" as the search of the ship continues.
Panama would be seeking "friendly governments" with the "technology to look into it" to help identify the exact nature of the cargo, he said, adding that there was no contact with North Korea.
Earlier, President Martinelli told local radio: "This material not being declared and Panama being a neutral country, a country in peace, that doesn't like war, we feel very worried about this war material and we don't know what else will have... passed through the Panama Canal."
Neither Cuba nor North Korea has yet commented on the incident.
Missile programme
Under United Nations sanctions, North Korea is banned from weapons exports and the import of all but small arms.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Chong Chon Gang was stopped near Manzanillo on the Atlantic side of the canal
Sanctions were strengthened after its third nuclear test on 12 February, including measures increasing states' authority to inspect suspicious cargo.
In recent years a number of North Korean ships have been searched under the UN sanctions.
In July 2009 a North Korean ship heading to Burma was tracked by the US Navy on suspicion of transporting weapons and subsequently turned around.
North Korea has an ongoing missile development programme.
In December it launched what it called a three-stage rocket to put a satellite into space. The move was condemned by the UN as a banned test of missile technology.
Experts believe the communist state is working towards developing a nuclear warhead small enough to put on a long-range missile.
August 21, 2013 at 9:16 PM
OK, it's all a matter of degrees. There are a few hundred Pac-12 football players who have something to prove when the season gets going next week. But here's a player from each program whose work will be especially scrutinized:
Arizona — Running back Ka'Deem Carey led the nation in rushing last year, but had a troubled off-season, getting booted out of a ‘Zona basketball game at the McKale Center in an argument with security, and then being investigated (and eventually exonerated) in a domestic-violence case in which charges were dropped. How he does without the dynamic Matt Scott at quarterback will say a lot about the Wildcats' fortunes.
Arizona State — Linebacker Anthony Jones. The Sun Devils are scrambling to find the right man for their “Spur” linebacker position, which is a combo ‘backer/safety. Chris Young, the Auburn product, had the job a year ago, but they've moved him to weakside linebacker, while another candidate, Carlos Mendoza, has fought knee swelling in August. Jones will try to help a defense that was nails against the pass last year (allowing only 168 yards per game, easily best in the Pac-12) but poor against the run (giving up 183 ypg).
California — Initially, I was going to plug running back Brendan Bigelow into this hole. He's the stick of dynamite that at times looked all-world last year, when Cal would get him on the field. But inevitably, the guy who will be in the crosshairs is freshman quarterback Jared Goff, who won the job in a bit of a surprise after coming in early for spring football. And he doesn't have a cushy landing, as the Bears have a killer opening month with Northwestern, Ohio State and Oregon on tap.
Colorado — The Buffs' pass-efficiency defense of 102.6 was a bad last in the Pac-12 in 2012, partly because the secondary had a hard-to-believe two interceptions. Safety Parker Orms can help them improve that, if he can shake a history of injury problems.
Oregon — Byron Marshall, a 5-10, 207-pound sophomore, gets the call first as the likely guy to step into the void left by Kenjon Barner (and before that, LaMichael James) at running back. The challenge could fall to touted freshman Thomas Tyner, but he's sat out time with a leg injury in camp.
Oregon State — In recent years, one of the better indicators of OSU's fortunes has been its fate at stopping the run. The Beavers did well at it last year, but there are voids at defensive tackle, while middle linebacker was thinned when Mike Riley kicked Josh Williams off the team. That leaves sophomore Joel Skotte (say “Scotty”) with some big responsibility at middle linebacker.
Stanford — Tight end Luke Kaumatule is considered a promising replacement for the three recent Cardinal tight ends who have gone off to the NFL, and he needs to be. Otherwise, the Stanford offensive personality changes significantly, and it's not given that with Stepfan Taylor gone and lots of unproven commodities at wide receiver, Stanford can withstand the hit.
UCLA — Devin Fuller, a 5-11, 195-pound New Jersey product who plays the slot, needs to produce if only because of the hype heaped on him by Jim Mora, who says Fuller “is in the mold of Percy Harvin.” Noel Mazzone, Bruins offensive coordinator, told the LA Times the coaches “think he can be one of the top inside receivers in the country.”
USC — Devon Kennard has bounced between defensive end and linebacker since he's been at USC, and now he's an outside linebacker in Clancy Pendergast's 3-4, where he should flourish. Kennard tore a pectoral muscle on his fourth repetition of bench-pressing 405 about a year ago, causing him to redshirt the 2012 season. He told me recently on the USC campus, “It worked out as a blessing. I'm not looking back. I've got a new defensive coordinator. I feel I fit very well into this defense. It's going to give me an opportunity to excel like I know I can.”
Utah — The Utes benefited from 2,500-plus yards rushing over the past two years from John White, and now Kelvin York, a big back (5-11, 220), is the heir to that responsibility. But Utah also likes shiftier James Poole (6-0, 195), who could bump York out of prominence.
Washington State — The Cougars lost their best defensive player of 2012 in Travis Long, and in their search for a replacement at the “Buck” linebacker spot (part end, part linebacker), they went big, settling on 6-4, 290-pound Destiny Vaeao, “a big old monstrous guy,” in the words of Mike Leach. Vaeao is formidable up front; the question is whether he can master pass drops.
Washington — Inescapably, the guy who fits this description most is quarterback Keith Price. The Huskies need him to be a lot more like the guy who shocked fans with a brilliant 2011 season, outplaying RGIII in the Alamo Bowl, than the fragile, uncertain figure who played the position last year.
KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's political opposition said on Saturday it would call a general strike to force the resignation of President Viktor Yanukovich's government after police used batons and stun grenades to break up pro-Europe protests.
Some 10,000 protesters regrouped in Kiev, flooding a square outside a church. They waved the blue and gold EU flag and chanted ‘Revolution' and ‘Down with the gang'.
Further rallies were planned for Sunday in the capital Kiev and other cities. Police promised there would be no repeat of the violence seen in the early hours of Saturday.
Helmeted police stormed an encampment in Kiev's Independence Square where protesters were singing and warming themselves by campfires early in the morning, the opposition said.
Tension had been building since Friday, when Yanukovich declined to sign a landmark pact with EU leaders at a summit in Lithuania, going back on a pledge to work towards integrating his ex-Soviet republic into the European mainstream.
Late on Friday live bands had played and the youthful crowd had brought almost a party spirit to the demonstration.
The protests evoked memories of the “Orange Revolution” of 2004-5, led by jailed former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko, against election fraud which doomed Yanukovich's first bid for the presidency. But those protests were much larger and took place peacefully without police action.
Saturday's violence, in which police used stun grenades and batons, was unprecedented in Kiev.
Yanukovich, in an address carried on his website, said he was “deeply outraged” by the violent confrontation and injuries to people. He called for an immediate, objective investigation, but did not specifically blame police.
“EXCESSIVE FORCE”
TV footage showed police beating one young woman on the legs and kicking young men on the ground during the clashes.
EU officials, who had attended the EU Vilnius summit with Yanukovich, condemned what they called “excessive use of force”.
“The unjustified use of force goes against the principles to which all participants of the Vilnius Summit...reaffirmed their adherence,” European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and EU enlargement chief Stefan Fuele said in a statement.
The United States, which has backed Ukraine's EU integration efforts, also condemned “violence and intimidation”.
A State Department statement said: “We continue to support the aspirations of the Ukrainian people to achieve a prosperous European democracy. European integration is the surest course to economic growth and strengthening Ukraine's democracy.”
Yanukovich in Vilnius, justifying the decision to revert to Russia, Ukraine's former Soviet master, for economic aid, said the economic cost of meeting EU standards was too high.
His government says moves towards ‘Eurointegration' have only paused, though the opposition says he is counting on Russia's help to secure a second term in office in an election in 2015.
People supporting EU integration hold a rally in front of the Mikhailovsky Zlatoverkhy Cathedral (St. Michael's Golden-Domed Cathedral) in Kiev, November 30, 2013. REUTERS/Gleb Garanich
PROTESTERS REGROUP
The Interior Ministry said the overnight violence had begun when protesters in Independence Square pelted police with trash. Police detained 35 people but quickly released them. There were no firm figures on how many people were hurt, but TV footage showed several with head wounds at the scene.
Ukraine's opposition condemned the crackdown and threatened a nationwide strike, while demanding the government's resignation and early parliamentary and presidential elections.
“We have taken a common decision to form a task force of national resistance and we have begun preparations for an all-Ukraine national strike,” former economy minister Arseny Yatsenyuk, one of three opposition leaders, told journalists.
“RISE UP UKRAINE”
Nearly 10,000 protesters regrouped on Saturday, some of them holding candles, at Mikhailovska Square near a monastery where protesters had taken refuge from the police.
Among chants of “Rise up Ukraine”, former Interior Minister Yuri Lutsenko, a Tymoshenko ally who was released from jail earlier this year, encouraged a strike as early as Monday.
“From Monday, Kiev should be blocked and this strike will take away the power of the bandits,” he said referring to corrupt politicians and powerful businessmen who Ukrainians say derive their wealth from their political ties with Yanukovich.
Kiev's police chief was reported as saying that he had given the order to send in riot police on Saturday but that there were no plans to do the same at Mikhailovska Square.
The protesters were mainly young supporters of the three main opposition parties, including Tymoshenko's, who are united in pressing for a westward shift in policy towards the EU.
Tymoshenko, seen by the EU as a political detainee, urged people “to rise up” against Yanukovich, in a letter read out by her daughter.
Slideshow (9 Images)
After breaking up the overnight protest, police cleared away anti-Yanukovich posters and political graffiti and took down banners and flags, including those of the EU.
Heavyweight boxing champion turned opposition politician Vitaly Klitschko said: “After the savagery we have seen on Independence Square we must send Yanukovich packing.”
At least four people were beaten by police earlier on Friday, including a Reuters cameraman and a Reuters photographer, who was bloodied by blows to the head.
We don't know precisely how the technology involved with self-driving cars works, but it seems simple enough to explain here. They're equipped with a lot of cameras and sensors, and the job of some of those is to look at road lines to help the car figure out where it should and should not drive. Dotted white lines can be crossed, while solid white lines shouldn't be.
If that's a core part of the car's logic, then tripping it up can be easy, as the video above shows. Just draw a white dotted circle surrounding a white solid circle. The car will drive through the dotted line, but by the time it processes that solid lines aren't to be messed with, it finds itself surrounded by solid white on all four sides.
In the video, you can even see the car trying to think through this situation, nudging forward a little bit, looking for an escape but finding none. Although this test is artistic in nature, it raises a good point: Driverless cars can be pretty easy to mess with, so perhaps they're not quite ready for prime time, at least until wrinkles like these are ironed out.
Featured Image: stml
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The Knesset State Control's classified subcommittee announced on Sunday that it had approved publishing of the State Comptroller's Report on the 2014 Gaza war.
Parts of the report would remain classified for national security reasons, the announcement also said.
According to pundits, the report is expected to be a political bombshell for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in terms of his reputation as “Mr. Security,” with consequences ranging from eventually bringing down the government to being another shot against his standing as rivals wait for a moment to strike.Netanyahu's biggest and recent critics regarding the report have been Bayit Yehudi chairman Naftali Bennett and Yesh Atid leader Yair Lapid, but at earlier stages Yisrael Beytenu head Avigdor Liberman and former Likud minister Gideon Sa'ar have also slammed the prime minister.No information has yet been provided about when the report will be released to the public, but a source indicated that the subcommittee must still review two additional sub-reports before a date is set, and that could still take several days or even weeks.Kulanu MK Merav Ben-Ari said the decision to release the report was an important moment for the Jewish people and for the families of soldiers killed in the 2014 Gaza war (Operation Protective Edge).“We have a responsibility as public representatives to work in a professional manner to publish the conclusions of the State Comptroller's Report... which I hope will be studied, and that lessons will be learned for the functioning of the security cabinet in any military event in the future,” she said.MK Karin Elharar, the chairwoman of the Knesset State Control Committee, said the decision had put an end to the two-and-a-half-year wait of bereaved families, residents of the Gaza border region and all of Israel's citizens.“The next and decisive stage is for the government to take on board the lessons and conclusions of these reports, otherwise all their findings will be for naught,” said Elharar.Last Tuesday, the subcommittee decided to postpone its decision about whether to release the report on Operation Protective Edge.According to leaked portions of the report, the comptroller first slams Netanyahu; Moshe Ya'alon, who was defense minister from 2013 to 2016; and former Lt.-Gen. Benny Gantz, who was IDF chief of staff from 2011 to 2015, for failing to warn the security cabinet about intelligence they had from the Shin Bet (Israel Security Agency) about the possibility of war with Hamas.The leaked report says the trio passed on the Shin Bet's warnings once the country was already at war.In transcripts of security cabinet meetings at the start Operation Protective Edge published by Yediot Aharonot, then-chief of Military Intelligence Maj.-Gen. Aviv Kochavi told the cabinet that there were overwhelming indications that Hamas was not prepared to go to war.Next, the report attacks the trio for failing to hold serious security cabinet meetings about the Hamas tunnel threat, holding only one serious meeting on the issue, in March 2014, four months before the start of the conflict.Even once the war started, State Comptroller Joseph Shapira allegedly says that Netanyahu, Ya'alon and Gantz reportedly kept most of the key decisions and details to themselves, not sharing information with the security cabinet.In another portion of the leaked transcripts, Ya'alon appears to brush off repeated requests from Bennett to see contingency plans for ground operations and destroying Hamas tunnels. At the same time, the report is said to slam some of the security cabinet members as not sufficiently educating themselves on war issues in order to properly fulfill their duties.A follow-up report by former National Security Council chief Yaakov Amidror recommended that the council provide greater, continual and dedicated support for security cabinet ministers to ensure they are fully apprised on all key issues.Shapira reportedly also blasts the three top military policymakers over mistakes that led to extending the operation in the Gaza Strip unnecessarily.He said this occurred because of a communications disconnect between top military commanders and political officials on the one hand, and commanders in the field.Sources close to Netanyahu have responded that there is no resemblance between the leaks and what is in the actual Comptroller's Report.The sources have said Netanyahu defined the tunnels as a central threat long before Operation Protective Edge, and directed the defense establishment to deal with them.According to the sources, the leaks have distorted the report's content, and were offered by people with vested interests, including “irresponsible politicians who were cabinet members, who know the truth and prefer to falsify it to make political points.”“Operation Protective Edge was managed responsibly and with good judgment, and it delivered Hamas the most difficult blow it has ever received,” the sources said. “The period since Operation Protective Edge was the quietest for the communities near the Gaza Strip since 2000.”Jeremy Sharon contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
About 15 months ago, Yelp, the renowned service review website, became one of the latest tech companies to bring an initial public offering. But the company has long discovered it's hard to translate tons of reviews into profits: since Yelp began keeping track in 2008, it's been losing increasing amounts of money nearly every year.
In the corporation's latest earnings report, posted on Wednesday, Yelp's year-over-year quarterly revenue reached $55 million, a 69 percent growth over the second quarter of 2012. However, Yelp continues to lose money. This quarter, the company sustained a net loss of $878,000. The good news? That's a small fraction of the more than $5.6 million lost in total during the first half of 2013.
By comparison, at this point in 2012, the San Francisco firm already lost $11.7 million. And by the end of that year, Yelp reached a net loss of $19.1 million—the largest annual loss the company sustained to date. Still, in after-hours trading today, investors showed modest confidence in the new earnings report, boosting Yelp's stock price by more than seven percent. It's currently hovering slightly under $42.
"We had a great second quarter with strong execution in all areas of our business as the Yelp brand becomes increasingly prevalent around the world," said Jeremy Stoppelman, Yelp's chief executive officer, in a statement. "In the second quarter, we launched new features on the mobile app and created a Call to Action feature, yet another way for us to close the loop between consumers and local businesses.”
Politico reports that Cumulus Media plans on dropping Rush Limbaugh's show at the end of the year.
Cumulus has reportedly decided not to renew Sean Hannity's contract either.
Cumulus carries Limbaugh and Hannity's shows on more than 40 of its stations, including Limbaugh's longtime flagship WABC in New York as well as stations in big markets like Chicago, Washington, D.C., and Dallas.
Limbaugh's show has been plagued with woes ever since advertisers began fleeing in the wake of Limbaugh's multi-day attack on then-law student Sandra Fluke; the majority of national advertisers are now boycotting Limbaugh's show. In fact, the backlash from advertisers has been so strong that it has spilled over, injuring digital streaming advertising as well as other similar programs (Sean Hannity's, for example).
The Fallout Continues
Advertisers big and small continue to flee Limbaugh's show. In just the last few weeks alone, several recognizable companies have taken action regarding their ads and Rush Limbaugh...
After a CVS ad appeared during Limbaugh's show, CVS advised that it won't happen again, explaining: "The Rush Limbaugh show is not a program on which we typically advertise & a recent commercial was aired on this program in error."
Upon learning its ads were running during Limbaugh's show, Disney On Ice promptly removed them, stating: "The advertisements you are referring to have been pulled and should no longer be airing during Rush Limbaugh's show."
Citing Limbaugh's indecent content, fast food chain Bojangles also removed ads. The apologetic chain noted that it didn't purchase the ads directly but as part of a package, adding: "A number of our loyal guests have told us they were offended by some of the content on the program in question. We have looked into that content, and as a result we have taken the steps necessary to ensure our ads do not run on this program indefinitely."
AAMCO went so far as to make an exception to its policy of leaving advertising decisions in the hands of locally owned franchisees in order to remove ads from Limbaugh's show.
Advertisers have been taking action similiar to the aforementioned examples for more than a year, which accounts for the scope and scale of the financial damage.
"The Facts Are Indisputable."
Every quarter for the past year, like clockwork, Cumulus CEO Lew Dickey has hopped on a call with business investors and announces millions in financial losses associated with Rush Limbaugh's show.
A few days before the May 2013 investors call, a "source close to" Limbaugh's show attempted to soften the blow by denying that Limbaugh was having any negative effect on advertiser sales and warned that Limbaugh would walk if Cumulus continued to blame him. After announcing $2.4M in quarterly losses, Lew Dickey rebutted the assertion that Limbaugh wasn't hurting ad sales, stating: "The facts are indisputable regarding the impact certain things have had on ad dollars."
Cumulus isn't the only radio company reporting financial losses associated with Limbaugh's show either; other radio companies have also reported significant losses directly attributable to either Limbaugh's show or the intensifying advertiser fallout.
Noam Pattiz, CEO of Courtside Entertainment, best summarized the industry wide effect, noting that a "tremendous chunk of advertising revenue was wiped out in terms of support for national talk radio programs." Pattiz added that "the movement in talk radio to some degree is moving away from conservative talk radio and into other genres."
Indeed. During an interview with Bloomberg TV back in February, Dickey seemed to confirm Pattiz's assessment and signal the possibility of a shakeup, saying: "We're sort of seeing a shift in spoken-word radio from political-based talk over to sports." Dickey was sure to note that sports radio is popular with advertisers.
Still Bad For Business
For his part, Limbaugh has done little to reassure wary business interests that it's safe to go back in the water. To the contrary, he gives advertisers daily cause for concern by filling his airtime with the same bigotry, deceit and chicanery that have come to define his brand.
In April, after spending a year dismissing the massive advertiser losses as a couple of french fries that weren't hurting anyone at all, Limbaugh acknowledged that he was having a problem. But instead of accepting any responsibility, he lashed out and blamed his woes on a conspiracy perpetuated "liberal feminists" in the media buying industry. (I imagine this didn't go over well at the next ad sales meeting).
In the days following the verdict in the George Zimmerman trial, Limbaugh vividly illustrated his volatility when he gleefully announced that he can now say "'nigga' with an A'" because "it's not racist." Limbaugh would argue that he was innocently commenting on an interview that Trayvon Martin's friend Rachel Jeantel had conducted with CNN. But given his odious track record of racially charged attacks, it seems Limbaugh felt like he had an opportunity to finally say the n-word on air with impunity. After all, he has been tiptoeing toward that point for some time. Regardless of the reasoning, the fact that he went there reinforces the concern that he hasn't really done anything to address the recklessness that created this mess to begin with.
Aside from Limbaugh's recklessness, the consequences his show has experienced are due in large part to hundreds of independent organizers, like the Flush Rush and the #StopRush communities. Their participation matters and is having a tremendous effect.
Whether Cumulus ultimately drops Rush Limbaugh remains to be seen, but one thing is irrefutable: Rush Limbaugh has proven to be bad for business. In the past, Limbaugh's renewal and an increase in subscriber fees would have been almost a sure thing, but not anymore. And, with good reason.
Onward!
A Berks County animal shelter is apologizing after it euthanized a couple's pet cat even though it had a microchip. NBC10's Drew Smith speaks to the heartbroken owner and sheds light on a similar incident the same shelter was involved in last month.
Cody Lesher's Fleetwood, Pennsylvania home felt particularly empty Wednesday night after his pet cat was euthanized by an animal shelter despite having a microchip.
“I must have cried ten times today just thinking of little stuff that he does,” Lesher said. “It's just a really upsetting situation and he didn't deserve that.”
Lesher said his cat “Diddy,” who he adopted with his girlfriend, ran away from his home Sunday. According to Lesher, Diddy had run away in the past but always came back. He also said the cat had a microchip that would allow a shelter to identify him.
A photo of Diddy the Cat.
Photo credit: Cody Lesher
A neighbor later found the cat and brought him to the Animal Rescue League of Berks County. According to the shelter, which is based in Birdsboro, Pennsylvania, two staff members tried to scan the animal for a microchip but couldn't detect it. They then gave Diddy a physical and vaccinations before housing him in their cat area.
The next day, a staff member searched through their lost cat logs and social media to find out if the cat had an owner, according to Tom Hubric, the interim Executive Director of the shelter. Hubric also claimed Diddy became increasingly aggressive to the point in which staff members couldn't safely access his cage to provide proper care.
“I have a really hard time believing that,” Lesher said.
Citing overcrowded rooms, not having enough staff members, and being unable to find other shelters that weren't at capacity as his reasons, Hubric said he then made the decision to euthanize the cat.
“It was a very difficult decision and one that I did not take lightly,” Hubric wrote.
On Tuesday, Lesher arrived at the shelter and discovered to his horror the body of his beloved pet.
“When the owner informed us that the cat was originally adopted by us and it was microchipped, we did a third scan of the cat and found that the chip had migrated high up on his neck, likely close to the base of his skull and the two previous scans did not identify the microchip,” Hubric wrote.
The incident came a month after the same facility euthanized a young child's collared cat less than a day after taking the animal in. The shelter fired a worker for what they considered bad judgment in that case.
“It just seems like they're not taking their job seriously,” Lesher said. “There definitely needs to be changes for sure.”
The shelter apologized to Lesher and the entire community for what they called a terrible situation. Hubric also wrote a list of changes the shelter will make going forward, which includes increasing their cat hold time period, better educating staff members on how to scan animals for microchips and holding a town hall meeting for citizens to voice their concerns.
