India's leading tyre brand MRF Ltd have become the first sleeve sponsor of West Ham United ahead of the Club's first home game of the 2017/18 Premier League season.
MRF's logo will feature on the left sleeve of the iconic claret and blue shirt, with this season being the first where top flight clubs can create brand partnerships to advertise on the sleeve of player shirts.
MRF join West Ham at an exciting time as they head into their second season at London Stadium, with the east London Club having added Chicharito, Joe Hart, Marko Arnautovic and Pablo Zabaleta to their squad this summer.
Founded in 1946, MRF are the largest manufacturer of tyres in India employing over 15,000 staff. The publicly listed company produce rubber goods including tyres, treads, tubes and conveyor belts, as well as toys and paint.
MRF currently enjoy a suite of other partnerships in sport with current endorsements of cricket stars Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers and Sachin Tendulkar amongst others.
Karren Brady, Hammers Vice-Chairman, said: “On behalf of everyone at West Ham United I'd like to welcome MRF to our family of partners. MRF join us at an important time in our history as we embark on our second season at London Stadium and look to grow as a club on and off the pitch. West Ham's shirt sleeve provides an excellent opportunity for MRF to gain enormous exposure in the most watched league in world football and we look forward to working with them throughout the season”
Koshy K Varghese, Executive Vice President, Marketing, MRF Ltd, added: “We're delighted to join West Ham United as their first ever sleeve partner. They're one of the most historic teams in not only English football, but world football and we're honoured to be part of their journey. From the stadium to their loyal fanbase, we know everything about the Club is going in the right direction. We look forward to the Premier League season ahead!”
Tune in for a packed show as Rivalry Week revs up following a wild Wednesday night slate and transitions to the weekend. Andrew and David replace a Borg with an analyst as Matt Doyle subs in to help break down all the action. Sounders GMjoins the guys to stoke some transfer rumors, talk Clint Dempsey's suspension and Jordan Morris.In the second segment, the guys look ahead to the weekend, starting with “El Capitan” and ending on Sunday with back-to-back primetime matchups on national TV. Plus, Gold Cup roster reactions, andchecks in to preview the mouth watering WWC quarterfinals coming up, especially USA-China and Canada-England.In the mailbag, tune in to see if you're one of three lucky winners of free MLS LIVE accounts. Then listen to what the guys think about MLS Atlanta's new name.
Download the show here.
(Image: Mother and child via Shutterstock)Here is an index of how the sequester spending cuts will affect women and mothers in the United States, by the numbers.
Rank of low-income mothers, particularly women of color, among those expected to be hit the hardest by automatic federal spending cuts known as the sequester that took effect in March: 1
Amount the sequester will cut from the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, also known as WIC: $333 million
Rank of the South among U.S. regions with the largest percentage of households eligible for WIC's prenatal services: 1
Amount the sequester is set to cut next year from programs that fight domestic violence and sexual assault: $20 million
Estimated number of domestic violence victims who will not be served as a result of those cuts: 112,190
Percent of domestic violence victims losing access to those services who live in the South: 31
Amount the sequester will cut from women's health programs that primarily serve lower-income women: $86 million
Amount it will cut from the Title V Maternal and Child Health Services Block Grant, which provides prenatal care and other services to reduce infant mortality: $50 million
Rank of the South among U.S. regions with the highest rate of premature and underweight births: 1
Amount the sequester will cut from the Safe Motherhood Initiative that aims to prevent pregnancy-related deaths: $4 million
Of the 11 states with the highest maternal mortality rates, number in the South: 5*
Amount the sequester will cut from Title X family planning and reproductive health services: $24 million
Of all poor U.S. women who obtain contraceptive services, portion who do so at a Title X-supported center: 1/4
Percent of pregnancies of women between the ages of 20 and 29 who live below the poverty line that are unplanned: nearly 50
Rank of the South among U.S. regions with the highest rate of unplanned pregnancies: 1
For every $1 invested in family planning, amount averted in Medicaid expenditures: $4
* 1. Washington, D.C. (34.9), 2. Georgia (20.5), 3. New Mexico (16.9), 4. Maryland (16.5), 5. New York (16), 6. Louisiana (15.9), 7. Mississippi (15.2), 8. Arkansas (14.6), 9. Delaware and Michigan (13.6), 10. Florida (13.1)
(Click on figure to go to source.)
EU leaders said to consider offering Ankara £2.2bn plus quicker visa-free travel for its citizens and resumed negotiations on EU membership
Europe launched a push late on Thursday at the fourth EU summit this year on the refugee crisis to obtain Turkey's co-operation in stemming the flow of hundreds of thousands of refugees and migrants, while also agreeing a package of repressive measures aimed at securing the union's porous external border and curbing new arrivals.
Afghan refugee shot dead by police while trying to enter Bulgaria Read more
EU leaders agreed to give “political support” for an action plan for Turkey said to offer Ankara up to €3bn (£2.2bn), visa-free travel to Europe for 75 million Turks, the resumption of frozen negotiations on Turkey's EU membership bid, and other sweeteners in what appeared to be a desperate attempt to gain Turkish cooperation.
Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the European commission, said that the aim of the proposed pact was to keep more than two million Syrian refugees in Turkey where they were and prevent them attempting to get to Europe.
Diplomats said the €3bn were not available, however, and that there was much resistance among national leaders to fast-tracking visa waivers for the Turks. Discussions in Ankara will continue in coming days.
The European Council president, Donald Tusk, said “an agreement with Turkey makes sense only if it effectively contains the flow of refugees.”
The chances of a meaningful pact with Ankara are slim in the short term and would probably entail Europe agreeing to take many of the Syrians from among more than two million hosted by Turkey.
Senior officials and diplomats said the main aim of the summit was to avoid a major row and the kind of recrimination between leaders that characterised previous meetings. The summit took place in an atmosphere of gloom and tension.
Turkey is currently the main source of the 700,000 people who have entered the EU this year. The German chancellor, Angela Merkel, is to travel to Istanbul on Sunday for talks with the president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, only two weeks before a crucial general election in Turkey, leaving her open to charges that she is boosting the victory chances of his governing Justice and Development party.
“The purpose is to improve the mood on this very toxic issue. I'm not sure we'll be able to give a positive answer, but we can't afford a clear message of failure,” said a senior diplomat.
A senior official taking part in the summit admitted that the leaders do not have answers to the refugee crisis, “only questions”.
The summit delivered robust language on new measures aimed at shoring up the EU's external borders, detention of refugees and migrants while their asylum claims are being processed, attempts to replace national powers over frontiers by new European agencies, and a drive to cajole countries outside the EU into keeping migrants at home and hosting those from elsewhere in transit to Europe.
But every area of policy discussed was hotly contested and nothing was finalised. The likelihood is high that the actions following the summit will fail to match the rhetoric.
The European commission and Germany are pushing for a new asylum and immigration regime that would see successful asylum claimants shared across the union on a binding and permanent basis.
Syria crisis pushes EU asylum claims past 1992 record Read more
Merkel said there was currently no “fair” sharing of refugees in Europe, while her ally on the issue, the Austrian chancellor, Werner Faymann, said there would need to be a new binding commitment to share more than the 160,000 refugees across Europe already agreed upon.
The issue is very divisive, especially in eastern Europe. The commission is also proposing a new system of European borders and coastguards, beefing up the Warsaw-based Frontex agency to police the external frontiers.
“I can't say there is big optimism,” said one of the diplomats. “There is a strong feeling that protection of external borders is the competence of the countries. Very many want to state their reservations.”
Many governments are keen to see European deployments at the main refugee entry points on the Greek islands and in southern Italy, but they do not want them on their own borders.
“It's a constitutional question in all member states,” said a second diplomat. “This is an issue of primary national sovereignty.”
Leaders said they would send hundreds more border guards to Frontex which last week asked for 775 more staff. So far, 48 have been pledged from six countries.
“There's no majority for replacing national border guards with European ones,” said the senior official.
There is also confusion and dispute over new methods of dealing with the influx, focused on the idea of “hotspots” where new arrivals in Greece and Italy are to be registered and fingerprinted.
The Germans and others want these new facilities – the first one is operating on the Italian island of Lampedusa, another is to open next week on the Greek island of Lesbos – to be camps where people are detained while being screened and having their claims vetted. The Italians say they don't want to host “concentration camps”. The Greeks are also reluctant and resisting EU proposals for mounting joint sea patrols in the Aegean with the Turks.
Merkel said the narrow sea channel separating Greece and Turkey was in the hands of the smuggling rackets.
“We need a big capacity for first reception [of migrants],” said the German government source. “We need first reception capacities where people can stay. Registration alone doesn't work.”
Amid the frictions in almost all areas of immigration policy, there are high-level fears that mainstream leaders are losing the plot and making things easier for the far right and the hard left to set the agenda.
“You have a lot of political machos in the member states waiting to get into power to implement their ideas,” said a senior EU source.
“The migrant crisis will continue to dominate the EU's political agenda. This will exacerbate all of the EU's existing challenges, as nationalism surges and the space for political and policy action by mainstream governments becomes further constrained,” said the risk consultancy Eurasia Group. “Politics in Europe become more toxic and divisive.”
A national ambassador to the EU said: “We're running the risk of losing our populations in Europe. In many cases, we're running against majority [public opinion].”
LOS ANGELES – Jonathan Lewis supports Manchester City, idolizes Jack Harrison and hails from a college program renowned for playing cultured possession soccer.
That all might suggest that the fleet-footed attacker is a natural fit for New York City FC, who traded a substantial stack of general allocation money to the Chicago Fire in order to nab the University of Akron product with the No. 3 overall pick in the 2017 MLS SuperDraft. But the circumstances of his selection were anything but straightforward.
“They interviewed me yesterday, last-minute,” said Lewis, “so I kind of had a fishy feeling about something – it was so last-minute.
“Going third is big – I'm just happy, very happy. I never would've expected it.”
A US youth international who inked a Generation adidas contract after the league's initial bank of GA signings was unveiled, Lewis describes himself as a “late bloomer” who picked up the game late and did not see a professional career as a realistic possibility until a year or two ago.
“I only started playing soccer in fifth grade and I only made my first national-team appearance last summer, when I was 18,” he said. “I played in a club team, I didn't actually go into an academy team until I was about 17. I just happened to get noticed later. But I just kept working hard on my own and eventually things started to come together.”
NYCFC parted with $250,000 in GAM to grab Lewis – making him an historical footnote as part of the first MLS transaction in which allocation sums were specified – and he believes he can make a smooth transition into City coach Patrick Vieira's methodical style of play, even if playing time is elusive early on. He's likely to slot into a wing role with the Blues, though is also capable of playing up top.
“It's a great club, they play great football and have great players,” said Lewis, who says he wakes up early on weekend mornings to watch NYCFC's sister club Manchester City and other European giants on television.
“I definitely think that I'm going to be able to fit into their system very quickly. I watch Jack Harrison a lot, he's one of my idols in MLS, so I think [I can be] a right-footed Jack Harrison, hopefully … I'm just glad I'm going to get to learn from great attackers like Jack Harrison and David Villa, Andrea Pirlo. I'm going to learn a lot.”
Somewhat ironically, Lewis spent time in the academy system of the Fire, the team that traded his pick to NYCFC.
“I used to play for the Fire academy in 2014, I played there for a little bit but I was never able to become a Homegrown there,” he said. “But I get to be part of something big now too, so I'm very happy about that.”
Baby Orca Can't Stop Jumping For Joy After Miracle Birth
An orca preschool in the Salish Sea continues to be encouraging news for members of the Pacific Whale Watch Association.
Image credit: Heather MacIntyre
The calves - named J50, J51, J51, and L121 - have been seen almost every day, but J50 has received the most attention.
J50 / Image credit: Naturalist Clint "Showtime" Rivers
"I've never seen a baby whale breach like J50's been doing," said Michael Harris, executive director of PWWA, which represents 33 operators in Washington and British Columbia. "Her energy is astounding – I guess not unlike my small kids. She's constantly leaping into the air, and often curling up and doing belly flops. Of course we never know exactly why orcas breach, but when you see a young one do what J50's been doing, over and over again, and being so playful and affectionate as she is with her family members, you sorta lose that cold scientific analysis and just conclude she's leaping for joy. It's definitely a joy to watch."
J50 / Image credit: Naturalist Clint "Showtime" Rivers
On July 4, whale watchers on an Eagle Wings Tour in Victoria got a show from J50.
"J50 stole the show, and hearts, with more than 60 breaches as she and her family moved south in Haro Strait," said Clint Rivers, a naturalist and photographer. "It's like she just figured out how this breaching thing works and couldn't stop. She was still breaching well into the evening."
Image credit: Naturalist Clint "Showtime" Rivers
J50 was born about two weeks after J-Pod lost a female member while she was giving birth. That dropped the population to 77 whales. However, researchers believe that two members of the pod actually mid-wifed the birth of J50, pulling the baby out of its mother. The teeth marks can still be seen on J50's back.
Image credit: Heather MacIntyre
"Maybe all this exuberance somehow has something to do with that, this miracle birth," said Harris. "Who knows? Maybe the other members of her family realize how precious she is, and how close she came to never making it into this world. Perhaps with all of this love surrounding her, this baby orca is just bursting with happiness. There's no doubt that J50 feels safe and well-cared for, like all of these babies are. We have some amazing families out there."
Image credit: Barbara Bender
A National Hockey League veteran is facing some strange legal troubles after an incident at his home.
According to a report from Global News 32-year-old Red Wings forward David Booth is being sued by a man named Jason Feinstadt as well as a number of other people who rented Booth's property along with Feinstadt.
Feinstadt reportedly attempted to light the barbecue on the property while he was renting it, only to have the barbecue exploded into flames causing burns to both of his arms, both of his hands, both of his legs and his neck and face.
It's unclear at this time why Booth would be responsible for the exploding barbecue, however Feinstadt alleges that Booth and his widfe are responsible for “permitting the premises to be… inadequately maintained and in a dangerous condition and a danger and a trap to persons accessing the premises.”
This is certainly not a distraction that Booth needs in the middle of an NHL season.
(Reuters) - Police came under fire in three U.S. states on Thursday and Friday, authorities said, possibly prompted by the same motivation behind the rampage in Dallas: police use of force against black people.
A man in Tennessee opened fire on a hotel and a highway, killing a woman, grazing a police officer with a bullet and wounding several others on Thursday because he may have been troubled by incidents involving black people and law enforcement, officials said.
Police officers also were ambushed and wounded in Missouri and Georgia on Friday, but officials did not know the motivation.
Friday's ambushes followed the attack late on Thursday in Dallas, when a black U.S. military veteran of the Afghan war who said he wanted to “kill white people” opened fire at a protest, killing five police officers and wounding seven more and two civilians. The protest was called to decry police shootings of black men in Louisiana and Tennessee this week.
In Tennessee, Lakeem Keon Scott was armed with a military-style rifle, a pistol, and a large amount of ammunition when he fired into a hotel window, striking the clerk early on Thursday, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said in a statement.
Scott, 37, fled the hotel and later exchanged gunfire with police on a Tennessee highway. He is accused of killing Jennifer Rooney, who was shot in her vehicle, and shooting several others, including a police officer grazed in the leg.
“Scott may have targeted individuals and officers after being troubled by recent incidents involving African-Americans and law enforcement officers in other parts of the country,” the bureau said.
Separately, a police officer was shot during a traffic stop in the St. Louis suburb of Ballwin, Missouri, officials said, when the suspect fired a handgun at least three times, hitting the officer in the neck.
“As far as this individual and what his motives are, I have no idea,” Ballwin Police Chief Kevin Scott told a news conference.
In Valdosta, Georgia, police officer Randall Hancock was shot on Friday as he responded to a call over a vehicle break-in, police said.
The accused shooter, Stephen Paul Beck, 22, had called police and fired on Hancock when he arrived, hitting him in the protective vest and his abdomen beneath, police said. Hancock shot back and wounded Beck.
A Dallas police sergeant wears a mourning band on his badge during a prayer vigil in a park following the multiple police shooting in Dallas. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
“The motive behind the shooting is unknown at this time,” police said in a statement.
In Racine, Wisconsin, a city between Milwaukee and Chicago, 43-year-old Byron Cowan was arrested and accused of making threats against white law enforcement officers on social media, police said in a statement.
“Be first to shoot first. I encourage every black man in America to strap up. It is clear. I encourage every white officer to kiss there love ones goodbye,” Cowan posted on social media, according to the Racine Police Department.
WIKILEAKS – RED ALERT: Jennifer Palmieri and Clinton Camp Commit Conspiracy – Caught Hiding 55k Emails
RED ALERT——
BIG WIKILEAKS DEVELOPMENT— CLINTON CAMP CONSPIRED TO WITHHOLD EMAILS FROM STATE DEPARTMENT INVESTIGATORS
Jennifer Palmieri, the Director of Communications with the Hillary Clinton campaign, and top Clinton advisors conspired to withhold emails from FBI investigators.
Palmieri and top Clinton advisors committed conspiracy with campaign consultants to only turn over 55,000 emails to the State Department knowing there were more emails they were withholding.
This email was released by Wikileaks on Thursday November 3, 2016.
From the email:
Re: Emails development
From:[email protected]
To: [email protected] Date: 2015-03-05 00:01 Subject: Re: Emails development Definitely
Sent from my iPhone
> On Mar 4, 2015, at 8:01 PM, Margolis, Jim <[email protected]> wrote:
>
> Yes.
> If there is a release of the 55K, are there others that are not being
> released?
>
> On 3/4/15, 7:25 PM, “Jennifer Palmier I” <[email protected]> > wrote:
>
>> Team – wanted to let you know that Cheryl is working with State to get
>> agreement on release of the 55k pages of emails she has to State. The
>> hope would be that we are able to say tonight to the press that we are
>> working with State to get emails released soon. Not sure where those
>> discussions will land, but hope is either State agrees to release on
>> timely basis or we pledge to release them ourselves in ten days/week.
>> Assume you all would agree this is right move?
>>
>> Sent from my iPhone
Here is a copy of the email:
Washington, DC—California's forests are home to the planet's oldest, tallest and most-massive trees. New research from Carnegie's Greg Asner and his team reveals that up to 58 million large trees in California experienced severe canopy water loss between 2011 and today due to the state's historic drought. Their results are published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
In addition to the persistently low rainfall, high temperatures and outbreaks of the destructive bark beetle increased forest mortality risk. But gaining a large-scale understanding a forest's responses to the drought, as well as to ongoing changes in climate, required more than just a picture of trees that have already died.
A higher-tech approach was necessary; so Asner and his team used the laser-guided imaging spectroscopy tools mounted on the Carnegie Airborne Observatory (CAO) to measure the full impact of the drought on California's forests for the first time. They combined the CAO data with more-traditional satellite data going back to 2011.
Their new approach revealed a progressive loss of water in California's forest canopies over the four-year span. Mapping changes in canopy water content tells scientists when trees are under drought stress and greatly aids in predicting which trees are at greatest death and fire risk.
“California relies on its forests for water provisioning and carbon storage, as well as timber products, tourism, and recreation, so they are tremendously important ecologically, economically, and culturally,” Asner explained. “The drought put the forests in tremendous peril, a situation that may cause long-term changes in ecosystems that could impact animal habitats and biodiversity.”
The team's advanced tools showed that about 41,000 square miles (10.6 million hectares) of forest containing up to 888 million large trees experienced measurable losses of canopy water between 2011 and 2015. Of this group, up to 58 million large trees reached water loss thresholds that the scientists deemed extremely threatening to long-term forest health. Given the severity of the situation, even with increased precipitation due to El Nino, if drought conditions reoccur in the near future, the team predicts that there would be substantial changes to already significantly weakened forest structures and systems.
“The Carnegie Airborne Observatory's research provides invaluable insight into the severity of drought impacts in California's iconic forests. It will be important to bring their cutting-edge data and expertise to bear as the state seeks to address the effects of this epidemic of dying trees and aid in the recovery of our forests,” said Ashley Conrad-Saydah, deputy secretary for climate policy at the California Environmental Protection Agency.
Since day one of CAO flight operations, Asner has been engaged with forest managers and officials from the California EPA and Department of Forestry and Fire Protection to inform decision-makers on the severity of forest water losses from the drought and beetle outbreaks. The team's results also helped motivate the California governor's recent proclamation of a state of emergency for dead and dying trees across the state. The latest CAO maps of forest vulnerability were recently transmitted to both state and federal partners.
“Our high-resolution mapping approach identifies vulnerable trees and changing landscapes,” Asner added. “Continued airborne and satellite monitoring will enable actions on the ground to mitigate a cascade of negative impacts from forest losses due to drought, as well as aid in monitoring forest recovery if and when the drought subsides.”
Caption: Progressive forest canopy water stress in the state of California from 2011 to 2015, courtesy of Greg Asner.
(Top image caption: Mixed levels of drought stress in one of California's forest landscapes, courtesy of Greg Asner.)
__________________
This study was supported by the David and Lucile Packard Foundation.
The Carnegie Airborne Observatory is currently supported by the Avatar Alliance Foundation, the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, Mary Anny Nyburg Baker and G. Leonard Baker Jr., and William R. Hearst III.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
EXCLUSIVE
Liverpool legend John Barnes believes Brendan Rodgers can steer the club back into the top four next seasons provided the Northern Irishman has a fully fit squad and is able to sign a number of players.
The Merseyside outfit endured a disappointing campaign last term finishing sixth in the Premier League table - eight points off fourth-placed Manchester United - and failing to progress past the group stages of the Champions League.
But Barnes, who spent a decade at Liverpool between 1987 and 1997, is confident the Reds can qualify for Europe's premier competition next term, although he concedes the club will struggle to attract the best players to Anfield this summer.
"The problem Liverpool have been that they can't compete with Chelsea, Manchester City, Manchester United or Arsenal," Barnes told Standard Sport.
"As much as they may sell [Raheem] Sterling and get £50 million, are they going to get a replacement like a [Lionel] Messi or [Cristiano] Ronaldo?"
Liverpool's top targets in the summer transfer window 3 show all Liverpool's top targets in the summer transfer window 1/3 Alexandre Lacazette - Lyon The 24-year-old French forward nearly fired a young Lyon side to the Ligue 1 crown with his return of 27 goals in 31 games. A pacey player who loves to take on the opposition he would be certain to thrill the Kop should he head for Anfield. Getty 2/3 Karim Benzema - Real Madrid Another ambitious target for FSG, but Liverpool are likely to be at the front of the queue if their former manager Rafa Benitez deems the French forward surplus to requirements. His signing would undoubtedly represent a statement of intent from the owners, but could they afford his £150,000-plus wages? Getty 3/3 Christian Benteke - Aston Villa A more realistic target than Benzema or Cavani, the Belgian striker's agent has already admitted his interest in a move to Anfield in a prank phone call. Should the real Rodgers choose to move for Benteke Villa will expect Liverpool to pay his £32.5 million buyout clause. Neville Williams/Getty 1/3 Alexandre Lacazette - Lyon The 24-year-old French forward nearly fired a young Lyon side to the Ligue 1 crown with his return of 27 goals in 31 games. A pacey player who loves to take on the opposition he would be certain to thrill the Kop should he head for Anfield. Getty 2/3 Karim Benzema - Real Madrid Another ambitious target for FSG, but Liverpool are likely to be at the front of the queue if their former manager Rafa Benitez deems the French forward surplus to requirements. His signing would undoubtedly represent a statement of intent from the owners, but could they afford his £150,000-plus wages? Getty 3/3 Christian Benteke - Aston Villa A more realistic target than Benzema or Cavani, the Belgian striker's agent has already admitted his interest in a move to Anfield in a prank phone call. Should the real Rodgers choose to move for Benteke Villa will expect Liverpool to pay his £32.5 million buyout clause. Neville Williams/Getty
"The answer is no. We have to try and improve the squad by buying players, but knowing we won't necessarily get the best players. That doesn't mean we can't be competitive, though.
"We need to get Daniel Sturridge fit and we have [Divock] Origi coming in and we've signed James Milner. Liverpool fans need to accept we aren't going to be able to compete to get the best players in the world.
"But that doesn't mean we can't be hopeful or positive. If Brendan Rodgers can get everyone fit, we can compete for fourth."
Liverpool have acted quickly to strengthen their squad ahead of the new campaign after confirming the free transfers of James Milner from Manchester City and Danny Ings from Burnley, both of whom will officially join the club on July 1.
One player, however, who could join captain Steven Gerrard in departing Liverpool in the coming months is Sterling, who has been linked with a big-money move to Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea after rejecting a new £100,000 contract at Anfield earlier this year.
Although Barnes admitted it is possible that Rodgers may not be able to find a direct replacement for Sterling, the former Liverpool star insisted the England international's wages will help fund a transfer for an experienced player for the team.
"When we finished second in the league, we had [Luis] Suarez, [Daniel] Sturridge, Sterling and [Philippe] Coutinho," he said.
BALOTELLI GAMBLE NO WORSE THAN CHELSEA ERRORS
"Last season without Sturridge and Suarez, we had two 20-year-olds in Sterling and Coutinho to take us where we want to be. But they are inexperienced and young.
"If we can sign some experienced players we can challenge for the top four.
"We won't replace Steven Gerrard and you may not even replace Sterling. But we have to buy players and change the way you play a little bit.
"Rodgers doesn't have to look for a direct replacement [for Sterling]. You have Coutinho and [Adam] Lallana but Liverpool can't replace him with a similar type of player."
When then asked if Liverpool fans would want the club to make a marquee signing this summer, Barnes replied: "Of course, and I think we will.
"It's easy to get players on a free transfer like James Milner. It's easy to get the easier players to sign but later we need to try and sign better players.
"We won't get Messi or Ronaldo, but we can look to get players who other teams won't want to spend £40m or £50m on. We have Sterling's transfer fee, his salary and Gerrard's salary to now add on for a star player."
John Barnes was speaking ahead of the Vitality SportFest run by SuperSkills Experiences, a unique business dedicated to providing legendary shared experiences by some of the biggest names in sport through holidays and events. To find out more about this family event and to buy tickets, click here.
CHASKA, Minn. -- Tiger Woods will be fined by the PGA Tour for his public criticism of a rules official after winning the Bridgestone Invitational, a tour official said Monday.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the tour does not publicize fines.
Woods was bothered after his four-shot victory Sunday because he and Padraig Harrington were put on the clock at the par-5 16th. He said that caused Harrington to rush three difficult shots, leading to triple bogey.
European Tour chief referee John Paramor told Woods and Harrington they were being timed.
Woods said he told Harrington after it was over, "I'm sorry that John got in the way of a great battle."
Paramor said the final pairing was well behind most of the back nine, but officials gave them time to catch up. They were still 17 minutes out of position on the 16th tee, when they were put on the clock.
Woods hooked his tee shot, punched out to 178 yards and hit an 8-iron that stopped a foot from the hole for birdie. From the right trees, Harrington hit a 5-iron to the edge of a bunker, went over the green, then hit a flop shot too hard and into the water. The four-shot swing took the drama from one of the most compelling final rounds of the year.
"I don't think that Paddy would have hit the pitch shot that way if he was able to take his time, look at it, analyze it," Woods said. "But he was on the clock, had to get up there quickly and hit it."
Harrington conceded he was rushed, although he said it would be unfair to give the final group preferential treatment.
Section VI-D in the PGA Tour's player handbook says, "It is an obligation of membership to refrain from comments to the news media that unreasonably attack or disparage tournaments, sponsors, fellow members, players or PGA Tour."
How To Create a Weather Bot for Slack Chat
July 22, 2015
As an update following this post, I've created an npm package for this Slack Weather Bot with updated code which uses HTTPS, plus the RTM API instead of the Slack webhook. It works with the slackbotapi if you are interested.
Let me start with the full code:
// please leave this notice intact, otherwise do as you please :) // by hello@franciskim.co // get more info at http://franciskim.co/2015/07/22/how-to-create-a-weather-bot-for-slack-chat/ var express = require('express'); var app = express(); var http = require('http'); var Slackhook = require('slackhook'); var slack = new Slackhook({ domain: 'yoursubdomain', token: 'abcdedfhijklmnopqrstuvwxyz' }); var bodyParser = require('body-parser'); app.use(bodyParser.json()); app.use(bodyParser.urlencoded({ extended: true })); // set your channel here var channel = '#general'; app.post('/weather', function(req, res) { // get search query from Slack message var search = req.body.text.replace(req.body.trigger_word, '').trim(); // prepare Yahoo Weather API URL (get WOEID) var locationQuery = escape("select item from weather.forecast where woeid in (select woeid from geo.places where text='" + search + "') and u='c'"), locationUrl = "http://query.yahooapis.com/v1/public/yql?q=" + locationQuery + "&format=json"; http.get(locationUrl, function(res) { res.setEncoding('binary'); var data = ""; res.on('data', function(chunk) { return data += chunk; }); res.on('end', function() { result = JSON.parse(data); // parse the data and send to the channel // sometimes Yahoo returns an array and sometimes doesn't // depending on how many results are available for the search term // this code is hardcoded to send the first result if it's an array if (result.query.results.channel instanceof Array) { slack.send({ text: result.query.results.channel[0].item.title + '
`Current` ' + result.query.results.channel[0].item.condition.temp + ' degrees, ' + result.query.results.channel[0].item.condition.text + '
`' + result.query.results.channel[0].item.forecast[0].day + '` High: ' + result.query.results.channel[0].item.forecast[0].high + ' Low: ' + result.query.results.channel[0].item.forecast[0].low + ', ' + result.query.results.channel[0].item.forecast[0].text + '
`' + result.query.results.channel[0].item.forecast[1].day + '` High: ' + result.query.results.channel[0].item.forecast[1].high + ' Low: ' + result.query.results.channel[0].item.forecast[1].low + ', ' + result.query.results.channel[0].item.forecast[1].text, channel: channel }); } else { console.log(result.query.results.channel); slack.send({ text: result.query.results.channel.item.title + '
`Current` ' + result.query.results.channel.item.condition.temp + ' degrees, ' + result.query.results.channel.item.condition.text + '
`' + result.query.results.channel.item.forecast[0].day + '` High: ' + result.query.results.channel.item.forecast[0].high + ' Low: ' + result.query.results.channel.item.forecast[0].low + ', ' + result.query.results.channel.item.forecast[0].text + '
`' + result.query.results.channel.item.forecast[1].day + '` High: ' + result.query.results.channel.item.forecast[1].high + ' Low: ' + result.query.results.channel.item.forecast[1].low + ', ' + result.query.results.channel.item.forecast[1].text, channel: channel }); } }); }); }); var server = app.listen(3000, function() { var host = server.address().address; var port = server.address().port; console.log('Weather x Slack app listening at http://%s:%s', host, port); }); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 // please leave this notice intact, otherwise do as you please :) // by [email protected] // get more info at http://franciskim.co/2015/07/22/how-to-create-a-weather-bot-for-slack-chat/ var express = require ( 'express' ) ; var app = express ( ) ; var http = require ( 'http' ) ; var Slackhook = require ( 'slackhook' ) ; var slack = new Slackhook ( { domain : 'yoursubdomain' , token : 'abcdedfhijklmnopqrstuvwxyz' } ) ; var bodyParser = require ( 'body-parser' ) ; app . use ( bodyParser . json ( ) ) ; app . use ( bodyParser . urlencoded ( { extended : true } ) ) ; // set your channel here var channel = '#general' ; app . post ( '/weather' , function ( req , res ) { // get search query from Slack message var search = req . body . text . replace ( req . body . trigger_word , '' ) . trim ( ) ; // prepare Yahoo Weather API URL (get WOEID) var locationQuery = escape ( "select item from weather.forecast where woeid in (select woeid from geo.places where text='" + search + "') and u='c'" ) , locationUrl = "http://query.yahooapis.com/v1/public/yql?q=" + locationQuery + "&format=json" ; http . get ( locationUrl , function ( res ) { res . setEncoding ( 'binary' ) ; var data = "" ; res . on ( 'data' , function ( chunk ) { return data += chunk ; } ) ; res . on ( 'end' , function ( ) { result = JSON . parse ( data ) ; // parse the data and send to the channel // sometimes Yahoo returns an array and sometimes doesn't // depending on how many results are available for the search term // this code is hardcoded to send the first result if it's an array if ( result . query . results . channel instanceof Array ) { slack . send ( { text : result . query . results . channel [ 0 ] . item . title + '
`Current` ' + result . query . results . channel [ 0 ] . item . condition . temp + ' degrees, ' + result . query . results . channel [ 0 ] . item . condition . text + '
`' + result . query . results . channel [ 0 ] . item . forecast [ 0 ] . day + '` High: ' + result . query . results . channel [ 0 ] . item . forecast [ 0 ] . high + ' Low: ' + result . query . results . channel [ 0 ] . item . forecast [ 0 ] . low + ', ' + result . query . results . channel [ 0 ] . item . forecast [ 0 ] . text + '
`' + result . query . results . channel [ 0 ] . item . forecast [ 1 ] . day + '` High: ' + result . query . results . channel [ 0 ] . item . forecast [ 1 ] . high + ' Low: ' + result . query . results . channel [ 0 ] . item . forecast [ 1 ] . low + ', ' + result . query . results . channel [ 0 ] . item . forecast [ 1 ] . text , channel : channel } ) ; } else { console . log ( result . query . results . channel ) ; slack . send ( { text : result . query . results . channel . item . title + '
`Current` ' + result . query . results . channel . item . condition . temp + ' degrees, ' + result . query . results . channel . item . condition . text + '
`' + result . query . results . channel . item . forecast [ 0 ] . day + '` High: ' + result . query . results . channel . item . forecast [ 0 ] . high + ' Low: ' + result . query . results . channel . item . forecast [ 0 ] . low + ', ' + result . query . results . channel . item . forecast [ 0 ] . text + '
`' + result . query . results . channel . item . forecast [ 1 ] . day + '` High: ' + result . query . results . channel . item . forecast [ 1 ] . high + ' Low: ' + result . query . results . channel . item . forecast [ 1 ] . low + ', ' + result . query . results . channel . item . forecast [ 1 ] . text , channel : channel } ) ; } } ) ; } ) ; } ) ; var server = app . listen ( 3000 , function ( ) { var host = server . address ( ) . address ; var port = server . address ( ) . port ; console . log ( 'Weather x Slack app listening at http://%s:%s' , host , port ) ; } ) ;
What this code does is, it creates an endpoint that listens on port 3000 – a bot, if you like, which is triggered by typing something like:
weather: melbourne 1 weather: melbourne
in your Slack channel. The search result then appears in the channel:
There are some Slack configs needed as well (see below). This is actually an Outgoing Webhook, and not the proper bot API 😛 I will cover the Slack Real Time Messaging API in another post later.
You can see in the URL(s) above, the /weather part and the port 3000 come from:
app.post('/weather', function(req, res) { 1 app . post ( '/weather' , function ( req , res ) {
var server = app.listen(3000, function() { 1 var server = app . listen ( 3000 , function ( ) {
The slack.send() part is a little messy – I know. But it is required to output the Yahoo Weather API result nicely to the channel.
var search = req.body.text.replace(req.body.trigger_word, '').trim(); var locationQuery = escape("select item from weather.forecast where woeid in (select woeid from geo.places where text='" + search + "') and u='c'"), locationUrl = "http://query.yahooapis.com/v1/public/yql?q=" + locationQuery + "&format=json"; 1 2 3 4 var search = req . body . text . replace ( req . body . trigger_word , '' ) . trim ( ) ; var locationQuery = escape ( "select item from weather.forecast where woeid in (select woeid from geo.places where text='" + search + "') and u='c'" ) , locationUrl = "http://query.yahooapis.com/v1/public/yql?q=" + locationQuery + "&format=json" ;
Above is the part where the Yahoo Weather API URL is formed. The API requires that you use what is called WOEID and not a city name like Melbourne so the code above takes care of that, and the next part takes care of the HTTP Get + the JSON parsing. I think this pretty much wraps up this bit of code, until next time! 🙂
Written by Melinda Wenner Moyer for Slate
So there I was last week, perusing a preschool parent handbook, when I stumbled across a curious anti-timeout policy. “Time-out is not an effective form of discipline,” the packet explained. “This focuses on the negative and alienates the child.”
I felt an immediate pang of guilt. I've given my almost-2-year-old a handful of timeouts -- defined as a brief time away from rewarding stimuli like toys, parents, and friends -- for hitting the dog, throwing rocks, and standing on chairs. A few Google searches later, I learned that proponents of attachment parenting advise against timeouts because the interventions give kids “the feeling of being rejected by their parents.” This backlash isn't even that new -- Child magazine published (and Parents magazine republished) an article in 2003 called “Why Time-Out Is Out.”
Have my attempts to raise a good little boy scarred him for life? Or are these anti-punishment policies way overprotective and perhaps even harmful?
Some psychologists do believe that if you practice good “positive discipline” techniques, by stating facts rather than demands, using distraction to steer kids away from danger, and working out solutions as a family, you shouldn't need timeouts, or at least not very often. And timeouts can be ineffective, psychologically damaging, and make behavioral problems worse. But that's not because they are inherently dangerous; it's because so many parents and teachers misunderstand how they should be done. Indeed, plenty of research suggests that timeouts are safe and useful when parents employ them properly and in the right situations. For instance, evidence-based parenting programs, including the internationally implemented Triple-P Positive Parenting Program, recommend timeouts, and such programs have found that the interventions successfully reduce misbehaviors as well as the risk that children will suffer from psychological issues like anxiety and depression. And in its guidance statement on effective discipline, the American Academy of Pediatrics notes that “ignoring, removing, or withholding parent attention to decrease the frequency or intensity of undesirable behaviors” is “especially important in promoting positive child behavior.”
Timeouts may sound cruel, but they make sense when you consider their history and context. The term timeout is actually an abbreviation for timeout from positive reinforcement. Timeouts are based on the premise that kids should be raised in environments that are rich with “time-ins:” loving, positive interactions like “reading a story, laughing with them, fixing popcorn with them, or playing a game with them,” says Edward Christophersen, a psychologist and pediatrician at Children's Mercy Hospital in Kansas City, Mo., and the author of Beyond Discipline: Parenting That Lasts a Lifetime. When children in nurturing environments do something dangerous or defiant, the idea is to briefly take away positive reinforcement so that they learn to associate the good things -- the time-ins -- with good, safe behavior.
Timeouts don't work very well, then, if you haven't created a richly positive environment for your child. In other words, “it's the effort parents put into time-in that determines whether or not timeout works,” Christophersen says, so when parents and teachers categorically state that timeouts don't work with their kids, it can be a warning sign of more serious problems in the home or school environment. If you rarely praise, hug, or interact positively with little Sammy, then acting up may be the only way he can get your attention, and for a kid, negative attention (such as when parents get mad) is better than no attention.
In addition, timeouts generally only work in positive contexts because the timeout needs to serve as a deterrent, something that takes away fun. If your daughter hits another child at a birthday party where she is generally having a blast, a timeout will probably be effective, because she really wants to keep eating cake with her friends. If, on the other hand, Johnny acts up during an hour-long church service and you attempt to give him a timeout for doing so, it's probably not going to work because “he is thrilled to death at getting out of that dull and awful situation,” explains John Lutzker, director of the Center for Healthy Development at Georgia State University. In this case, the timeout is actually more fun than the alternative, so you've reinforced his bad behavior by offering him an escape.
This raises another point, which is that parents always need to be aware of what's developmentally appropriate for their children. Your 18-month-old doesn't deserve a timeout for not knowing how to share; sharing is a learned skill, and she probably hasn't mastered it yet. Likewise, few 3-year-olds can entertain themselves quietly for 30 minutes during church sermons or while mom talks on the phone. (Although if mom keeps giving him brief reinforcements during the conversation -- shoulder squeezes, winks, reassuring words -- she might occasionally get away with it.) And if your 28-month-old isn't cleaning up her room when you ask her to, it could be that she doesn't know where to begin, so maybe it would help if you broke your instructions down into more manageable bits. Always ask yourself whether your child's behavior is truly defiant or just a consequence of the fact that she doesn't have the skills you think she has.
So what's the proper way to initiate a timeout if your child has thrown her high chair across the room again? Calmly and simply. “We recommend stating the behavior clearly in terms of what the violation was: ‘Now you're going to have to time out because you engaged in this behavior,' rather than saying, ‘You're being bad' or ‘That's awful',” Lutzker says. “It's not supposed to be evaluative; it's supposed to be factual.” Plus, when parents go into explanatory or pejorative diatribes, they are doing precisely the opposite of withholding attention. (Christophersen advises parents to keep explanations even shorter: “no hitting,” say, or “time out hitting.” Then, shut up.)
That brings us to another mistake parents commonly make with timeouts: They don't really give timeouts, Christophersen says. Instead, they keep fretting over their kids, which can turn the timeout from a deterrent into a positive reinforcement. If your daughter cries during a timeout, don't attend to her; she is understandably upset, but she will learn over time to self-soothe. If she laughs and pretends to be having a blast, don't yell at her to be quiet. Just leave her be. And don't require her to apologize or fess up at the end of the timeout, either. “The popular press has been quick and persistent in making up rules for the use of time-out that are not evidence based and, in fact, seem to have no factual basis whatsoever,” Christophersen explained in an article he wrote for the American Academy of Pediatrics' Developmental and Behavioral News in 2007.
Another common misconception is that you have to physically isolate a child during a timeout. The important thing is not where your child is but that he doesn't get to interact with anything interesting, including you. This means that you can initiate timeouts in strollers, cars, chairs, even on the changing table -- the key is to withhold attention and eye contact for a certain period of time or as long as the bad behavior persists. (If you do decide to isolate your child -- which may be a good idea if he's doing something dangerous, like throwing rocks -- the rule of thumb is one minute per year of the child's life. One study found, however, that for 4-to 8-year-olds, contingency-based releases, i.e., you can be done once you sit still on the chair for five minutes, were twice as effective at improving compliance after two and three weeks than were time-based releases.)
Overall, how well do timeouts work compared to other disciplinary tactics? In a systematic review of 41 studies published in 2012, psychologist Daniela Owen at the San Francisco Bay Area Center for Cognitive Therapy and her colleagues at Stony Brook University evaluated how well various types of nonphysical interventions improved kids' subsequent behavior. This included forms of “positive” discipline like praise, encouragement, and hugs, as well as “negative” feedback like timeouts, ignoring, reprimands, and stern looks. They found that timeouts and other negative responses were associated with increased compliance in every study they reviewed, far more so than the “positive” disciplinary tactics. In one of the studies, for instance, moms of 27 defiant 3-to-7-year-olds were randomly split into three groups and were a) told to give their kids short commands followed by silence, even if their kids didn't comply; b) told to give their kids short commands followed by timeouts if their kids didn't comply; or c) not given any disciplinary instructions. After the groups tried out these techniques, the researchers evaluated the kids' behavior and found that those in the timeout group were complying with their mothers' requests 83 percent of the time, while those in the commands-only group complied 64 percent of the time. The kids in the nonintervention group fared the worst: They did what their moms asked only 28 percent of the time.
So what if you're doing timeouts and they're not working? First, keep in mind that it can take a few tries. “It's not magic; it's social learning,” Owen says. And consider reading more about time-outs so that you know you're doing them right. (Children with behavioral problems or developmental conditions, such as oppositional defiant disorder or autism, may, however, need other interventions, so if your child remains difficult, talk to your pediatrician or make an appointment with a specialist.) Assuming you are using them correctly, though, you shouldn't be scared that timeouts will harm your kids. In fact, Christophersen says, timeouts create the conditions for children to learn self-control: In time kids will “discover that they have the skills to self-quiet or to cope,” which can be empowering, he says. And let's not forget the importance of timeouts for parents, too. They give us the excuse to focus on ourselves for a few minutes rather than our kids, take some deep breaths, maybe pour ourselves a glass of wine. Then we can remind ourselves just how much we love our little devils -- even though they really should stop throwing toy cars at our heads.
At the Pamplona bull run, once they unsnick the latch on the corral, no matter how smartly dressed you are, or how athletic, you are always going to look like a frightened person running away from bulls.
So it is in Pamplona, so it was in Madrid on Saturday for deposed socialist leader Pedro Sánchez. He picked his moment carefully to take on the raging bulls of his party oligarchy. But they still managed to trample him, and mercilessly.
Sánchez's mistake was to challenge the tradition of “turnism” – whereby the socialists and conservatives simply alternate in power, enriching their friends while 20% of Spaniards lack jobs.
After two indecisive elections, Sánchez continued to block a rightwing government and to hold out the possibility of the socialist PSOE governing, with the support of the radical left party Podemos. For this, he was summarily ejected in a chaotic coup led by the party's powerful regional government bosses.
Sánchez's fate is one more signal of the crisis facing European social democracy. It was shaped for three decades around the certainties of neoliberalism. Now the free-market model has failed, social democracy seems stripped of the intellectual resource to renew itself.
And that, in turn, is the product of a deeper incoherence. Parliamentary socialism was born across Europe in the 1890s from multiple sources – moderate Marxism, trade unions, co-ops, splits from liberalism.
In 1945, social democracy had to be reinvented across continental Europe, this time as both an overt and covert bulwark against Soviet influence. And, in the 1970s, as the remaining dictatorships collapsed in Spain, Portugal and Greece, there was once again a moment of reinvention.
Throughout the century, it is remarkable how little emerged by way of a cross-border intellectual culture of the centre-left. If you wanted to choose a globally influential thinker for the centre-left after the second world war, you would have to go for the Hungarian-American historian Karl Polanyi. Polanyi argued that capitalism consists of a “double movement” – the push for free markets and the pushback against them, to regulate them in the interests of society.
The beauty of Polanyi's big idea was that it allowed the centre-left in the 1980s to find a justification for its work that could survive the demise of the working class. Instead of “protecting the working class”, the aim of social democracy became understood as “regulating capitalism for its own good”.
The root cause of all social democracy's problems since 2008 is that it is no longer clear how this can be done. There was a rightwing version of neoliberalism, red in tooth and claw; and a progressive version – with its financial inclusion agenda, gay marriage, and meritocratic ethos in education, healthcare and social policy.
But the central tenets of the economic system were set in stone in the Lisbon treaty, mandating austerity and forbidding the protection of key industries against the global market.
Now the economic mainsprings of neoliberalism are broken, social democracy's task is to speed the invention of something else. But as Pedro Sánchez's fate suggests, it is ill-equipped for doing that. Most socialist elites and bureaucracies in Europe – including Britain, as the backlash against Jeremy Corbyn shows – are attuned to running a capitalism that does not work, and seem incapable of imagining any other future.
The radical left – in the form of Podemos in Spain, Syriza in Greece, Bernie Sanders in the US and Corbyn in Britain – stands foursquare for the replacement of neoliberalism. But with what?
At its best, the new left radicalism is municipal, inclusive, audaciously anti-racist and promotes horizontal democracy. At its worst, it becomes an expression of revolt only; a list of demands; a celebration of resistance techniques; a rehearsal of leftwing tropes from yesteryear. In the one country where the radical left took power, Greece, it was forced into submission by north European social democrats.
But now there is a series of alarm calls. The near victory of the far right in the Austrian presidential election in May prompted an inner-party coup, putting left-leaning centrist Christian Kern into the chancellorship.
Kern, though a lifelong technocrat, is surrounded by thinkers from the left. Last month, he issued an open call for Europe to break with austerity, to double its proposed fiscal stimulus and – in a thinly veiled attack on Angela Merkel – to stop gaming the crisis for national advantage.
French socialism, meanwhile, is staring at moral collapse. It is impossible for any of its candidates in next year's election to beat the far-right Marine Le Pen, and its supporters go into that crunch battle knowing they will have to vote for a conservative to stop her. And in Italy, premier Matteo Renzi has staked the centre-left's future on a constitutional referendum he looks likely to lose.
All this explains why Corbyn's victory has raised an alarm flag inside European social democracy. It shows you can move a traditional socialist party to the left. The defeat of Sánchez, exactly one week later, is meant to show that you cannot.
The Spanish socialist elite is reconciled now to four years of conservative government as the price for keeping the new, vibrant and radical left away from power. But Spain is about to teach the whole of Europe's centre-left a lesson: if you cling to neoliberalism, you die. If Podemos, the radical left party, can open itself up to those among the socialists disgusted at Sánchez's overthrow, the path is open for its emergence as a Syriza-style hegemonic left party.
The question, then, is the one posed by Austrian chancellor Christian Kern. Is Europe's social democracy going to impose austerity for ever or, even if only for the selfish purposes of survival, actually begin to fight it?
The truly elite players are the ones who can play -- and excel -- in any situation. The ones who are used not only when their team needs a goal, but also when it needs to prevent a goal.
The St. Louis Blues' David Backes, Patrice Bergeron of the Boston Bruins and Pavel Datsyuk of the Detroit Red Wings are just this kind of players, and for that reason they have been named as finalists for this year's Frank J. Selke Trophy, an annual award given "to the forward who best excels in the defensive aspects of the game."
The winner is selected by a vote of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association, and will be announced at the 2012 NHL Awards Show, June 20 at the Encore Theater at Wynn Las Vegas.
Besides his team-high totals of 24 goals and 54 points, Backes led Blues forwards with an average ice time of 19:59 while posting a plus-15 rating. He started just 46 percent of his shifts in the offensive zone, the second-fewest of any Blues forward who played at least 10 games, but finished 52.4 percent of his shifts in the offensive zone, meaning he was able to turn defense into offense better than any player on the team. He also led all NHL forwards in advanced metrics website Behind the Net's Quality of Competition rating, meaning the players he skated against had the highest average plus/minus rating.
He led the team with 226 hits and all Blues forwards with 72 blocked shots, while his 50 takeaways were second on the team. He won just 48.6 percent of his faceoffs, but took the most on the team at 1,353.
The Blues were the League's best defensive team, allowing just 1.60 goals per game. Much of that had to do with goaltending, but the team allowed a League-low 26.7 shots per game, meaning skaters like Backes had a big role in that defensive excellence.
Backes is the first St. Louis player to finish in the top three in voting since Michal Handzus finished second in 2000. The only St. Louis player to win the Selke was Rick Meagher in 1990.
In addition to finishing second on the team with 64 points, Bergeron was at his best in the faceoff circle, finishing second in the League by winning 59.3 percent of his draws. He was especially strong on faceoffs while shorthanded, winning 53.5 percent of his faceoffs while killing a penalty, and he led Bruins forwards in shorthanded ice time at 1:48 per game. He also took 34.6 percent of all Boston faceoffs, the sixth-highest percentage of any player in the League.
He led the League with a plus-36 rating, and did it while playing 18:34 per game and picking up just 20 penalty minutes. He also led all Bruins forwards with 67 blocked shots and 55 takeaways. And among forwards who played at least 30 games, his 1.73 on-ice plus/minus per 60 minutes at even strength was third among all NHL forwards -- he was on the ice for 66 goals for and 34 goals against at even strength.
Bergeron is the first Boston player to finish in the top three in voting since Dave Poulin was second in 1993. The only Bruins player to win the Selke was Steve Kasper in 1982.
Datsyuk is a perennial contender for the Selke, and with good reason. Besides scoring at leat 65 points for the seventh time in the last eight seasons, he was 10th in the League in faceoffs, winning 56.2 percent, while taking 32.0 percent of all Red Wings faceoffs. He was third among all League forwards with 97 takeaways. Datsyuk was second among the team's forwards in average ice time per game at 19:34, but had a plus-21 rating and just 14 penalty minutes, the fewest of his career. He also played 1:13 per game shorthanded.
And according to Behind the Net's QoC, Datsyuk faced the second-hardest competition among Red Wings players, behind only defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom.
He had his three-year Selke win streak snapped last year when Vancouver's Ryan Kesler won it. If Datsyuk wins his fourth Selke, he would tie Bob Gainey for the most in history. It's also the fifth straight year he's finished in the top three.
Contact Adam Kimelman at akimelman@nhl.com. Follow him on Twitter: @NHLAdamK
Maxis Insider: EA Lying About Needing Servers For Single Player SimCity
from the EA-needs-some-new-talking-points dept
Throughout Simcity's massive public flameout last week, questions were raised (repeatedly) about EA's claims that an offline, single-player mode would be a massive undertaking because of the amount of calculations being done server-side. As many people pointed out, this seemed to be a choice EA had made in order to prevent piracy, rather than a necessity due to the (shoehorned-in) social aspects of the game.
Minnesota Viking's kicker, Chris Kluwe, was one of the many voices finding EA's claims dubious:
The fact that EA requires an "always on" connection is ostensibly because so many operations are taking place server side that your computer won't be able to handle it (which is a blatant falsehood, since when I was streaming the other night, the only times I DIDN'T have latency was when I was disconnected from their servers and my computer had to run all the game operations), but in reality it's to try to combat piracy.
SimCity, of course, could be a single-player game. Ignore the utter nonsense about how some of its computations are server-side. What complete rot. As if our PCs are incapable of running the game. I'm sure some of the computations are server side! But they damned well don't need to be, as all gaming ever has ably proven.
A SimCity developer has got in touch with RPS to tell us that at least the first of these statements is not true. He claimed that the server is not handling calculations for non-social aspects of running the game, and that engineering a single-player mode would require minimal effort.
Our source, who we have verified worked directly on the project but obviously wishes to remain anonymous, has first-hand knowledge of how the game works. He has made it absolutely clear to us that this repeated claim of server-side calculations is at odds with the reality of the project he worked on. Our source explains:
"The servers are not handling any of the computation done to simulate the city you are playing. They are still acting as servers, doing some amount of computation to route messages of various types between both players and cities. As well, they're doing cloud storage of save games, interfacing with Origin, and all of that. But for the game itself? No, they're not doing anything. I have no idea why they're claiming otherwise. It's possible that Bradshaw misunderstood or was misinformed, but otherwise I'm clueless."
Kotaku ran a series of tests today, seeing how the game could run without an internet connection, finding it was happy for around 20 minutes before it realised it wasn't syncing to the servers. Something which would surely be impossible were the servers co-running the game itself. Markus "Notch" Persson just tweeted to his million followers that he managed to play offline too, despite EA's claims.
John Walker's recent Rock Paper Shotgun piece on SimCity's "inherent brokenness" (and why gamers shouldn't let EA walk this one off) echoed this sentiment.EA, however, continues to claim otherwise, somehow expecting PC users to believe that without its valuable servers picking up the computational slack, the game would be unplayable. (Or, more so, I guess...) Unfortunately for EA and its "talking points," a Maxis developer has stated exactly the opposite.So, it's exactly as many players (and unhappy customers) believed. SimCity's always-on requirement does little more than any other always-on requirement: attempt to prevent piracy. Demanding every playerbe online throughout the entirety of their single-player game is ridiculous. The Maxis insider who spoke to Rock Paper Shotgun says that not only is a single-player version SimCity possible, but that "it wouldn't take very much engineering" to make it a reality.Players elsewhere are also discovering what Kluwe had: that the game runs, at least temporarily, without an internet connection, something thatbe possible, according to EA's claims that its servers handle a " significant amount of the calculations ."The Maxis insider points out that the Glassbox engine running SimCity processes the actual simulation client-side, before sending out updates to EA's servers. These updates are then queued in the regional server until they can be processed, which (depending on server load) may take several minutes. This helps explain why gamers are able to run for a limited amount of time without a connection.EA has remained adamant that a single-player SimCity is logistically impossible, but that claim is suddenly holding a lot less water. This revelation doesn't bode well for EA's leaky Claims Waterholder or any future endeavors it had planned that might have relied on its "our supercomputers do the thinking for you!" rationalization in order to force more "online-only" requirements down users' throats. This online-only requirement isthan others before it. It may battle piracy, hacking and cheating, but makes onerous demands of its paying customers every step of the way.
Filed Under: game play, servers, simcity, single player
Companies: ea, maxis
SUSPECTED Islamic militants have hacked to death a university professor in Bangladesh, several years after he led a push to ban students wearing full-face veils.
Police were questioning two people over the murder near Rajshahi University in the west of the Muslim-majority country where the victim was a professor of sociology, a senior officer said.
The victim, Professor Shafiul Islam, followed the folk sect Baul, popular in parts of western Bangladesh, whose members call themselves followers of humanism rather than a particular religion.
Teachers and secular students protested by blocking roads and boycotting classes in Rajshahi city shortly after hearing the news of the murder.
“We are working on several possible motives behind the killing,” Rajshahi police commissioner Mahbubur Rahman told AFP, but the “main focus” was that the murder was carried out by Islamist militants.
A previously unknown Islamist group calling itself the Ansar al Islam Bangladesh-2 claimed responsibility for the killing.
“Our Mujahideens have today murdered an apostate who had prohibited female students from wearing veils in his department and the classrooms,” a posting said.
“Beware all the anti-Islamic apostates and atheists!”
The Facebook page quoted a local news report from 2010 saying the professor forced female students to remove their veils before entering his classroom, when he headed the sociology department.
Bangladesh is the world's third largest Muslim-majority nation with the vast majority following a moderate form of the religion. Hardline Islam has gained strength in recent years, but killings carried out in the name of Islam are rare.
Militant Islamists attacked a famous writer in 2004, and killed a well-known atheist blogger in February last year.
Actor Cliff Curtis (Fear The Walking Dead, Whale Rider) makes a strong impression in the remarkable, riveting and inspiring New Zealand-set movie The Dark Horse, based on the true-life story of Genesis “Gen” Potini, a bipolar speed chess champion struggling his whole life with mental illness who manages to not only help a group of underprivileged kids discover his game but also in the process lifts himself up against all odds. As I say in my video review above, writer-director James Napier Robertson deftly avoids any temptation towards sentimental slop in this tough tale of a man who tries to overcome his own illness as well as the violence inherent in his family to forge an optimistic view of life and do some good.
Based on the 2003 documentary Dark Horse from director Jim Marbrook, this theatrical version of Potini's story benefits greatly from New Zealand Maori actor Curtis, who is simply amazing as a man who defies enormous obstacles to make a difference in the lives of several kids.
In and out of mental institutions, Genesis finally is released to the care of his brother Ariki (Wayne Hapi), who is a bad influence and lives a life of gang-infested violence. To escape this, Gen volunteers at the Eastern Knights Chess Club, where he trains a group of eager Maori kids to compete in the National Chess Championship. Things get complicated though when his own nephew (James Rolleson), his violent brother's son, also decides he wants to play. This angers Ariki and causes big trouble for Gen.
At its center of this is a stirring must-see underdog story with faint elements of Rocky-like movies but which has a beating heart all its own. Audiences will be standing and cheering for all the right reasons. The New Zealand-born Curtis is the ideal choice for this role and brings authenticity and real gravitas to it. Rolleson and Hapi are excellent, and the supporting cast of kids, all non-actors, is perfectly chosen and will certainly steal hearts without being cloying.
Although Gen was involved in the early stages of the development of this adaptation, sadly he didn't live to see it completed and died five years ago. His spirit lives on in Curtis' portrayal and in the film's optimistic life message. Tom Hern is the producer of the pic, which Broad Green Pictures sends out into limited release beginning Friday.
Do you plan to see The Dark Horse? Let us know what you think.
Show full PR text
MetCap Energy Selects GE's New FlexEfficiency Technology for World's First Integrated Renewables Combined Cycle Power Plant
· Landmark Project will Enable more Wind, Solar and Natural Gas for Turkish Power Grid · GE Technology Enables Plant Efficiency Greater than 70 Percent through Unprecedented Integration with Wind and Solar · eSolar will Provide Integrated Solar Thermal Tower Technology
MILAN, ITALY-June 7, 2011-GE's (NYSE: GE) breakthrough FlexEfficiency* technology has been selected for an innovative new power plant being developed by MetCap Energy Investments, a Turkish project developer, the two companies announced today at POWER-GEN Europe 2011. The project will produce the world's first Integrated Renewables Combined Cycle[1] (IRCC) Power Plant.
By designing the plant from a total equipment and control systems perspective and utilizing the flexibility of GE's FlexEfficiency technology, engineers were able to seamlessly integrate natural gas, wind and solar thermal power. The FlexEfficiency 50 IRCC plant is designed for flexible operation by integrating a next-generation 50 Hz 9FB Gas Turbine, a steam turbine, a generator, 22 MW of GE wind turbines and 50 MW of eSolar concentrated solar thermal tower technology, all integrated by a GE Mark* VIe plant control system.
"When we recently announced our breakthrough FlexEfficiency technology, we talked about being able to better integrate renewables with natural gas to produce cleaner, more affordable and reliable power. This project combines two renewable technologies and natural gas in the same power plant and demonstrates the benefits it can offer to power the future grid. Integrated renewable combined cycle power represents a significant growth opportunity for GE Energy. At MetCap's site conditions, we will achieve 69 percent plant efficiency, and this technology provides the capability to deliver efficiency greater than 70 percent at Gas Turbine World conditions," said Paul Browning, president and CEO-thermal products for GE Energy.
"MetCap Energy is on the leading edge of power development and, with this project, they have set a new global standard for the efficient integration of natural gas and renewable energy. This is the first example of how our recent investment in eSolar will enable future growth opportunities for GE Energy, and we already are seeing a growing interest in the industry for this technology. It is another big step forward for GE's ecomagination initiative and is in lock-step with our commitment to create a cleaner, more affordable energy future," Browning added.
The power plant will be located in Karaman, Turkey, and will be rated at 530 megawatts at site conditions, which is enough energy to power more than 600,000 homes. It is scheduled to enter commercial operation in 2015. The engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) services will be provided by Gama Power Systems Engineering and Contracting, Inc.
Dr. Celal Metin, chairman of MetCap Energy Investments, said: "At MetCap Energy, we believe our projects must simultaneously meet the need for increased energy, environmental responsibility and economic growth, while preserving precious water resources. GE's FlexEfficiency technology was evaluated versus other state-of-the-art alternatives and was selected because it is best aligned with our vision for the future. In addition to record-setting fuel efficiency, this power plant will have zero liquid discharge, low emissions and a rapid-response, 28-minute start capability. It accomplishes this using an integrated controls system that provides single-button start for all of the elements of the IRCC power plant. And we've accomplished all of this with very attractive financial returns for our investment. We think this represents the future of power generation."
"GAMA is very excited to be involved in this first-of-a-kind integrated renewables combined cycle power plant together with GE. GAMA's name always has been attached to challenging projects, and we look forward to successfully completing another one where MetCap's decision to use leading-edge technology will ensure implementing many new innovations such as FlexEfficiency, zero liquid discharge, single button start and many more. We believe this project will set a standard for power generation investments where sunshine and wind is abundant in places like the Middle East," said Gökhan İnanç, member of the Board of Directors and deputy managing director of Gama Power Systems.
"Since we started speaking with customers about the FlexEfficiency 50 technology last year, there has been great interest in the unique combination of flexibility and efficiency the plant can offer," said Ricardo Cordoba, president of GE Energy's Western European Region. "Now in just two short weeks, we have announced our first customer MetCap Energy, here in Europe. This technology breakthrough is being embraced by our customers, and it will transform the industry."
On June 6, GE announced an investment and licensing agreement with eSolar, a provider of next-generation concentrated solar thermal tower technology. Under the agreement, GE will license and incorporate eSolar technology and software into its IRCC and standalone solar thermal power plants.
"eSolar is proud to participate in this groundbreaking project, integrating our solar thermal tower technology with GE's wind and FlexEfficiency gas-fired technologies. A significant advantage of solar thermal tower technology versus other renewables is its ability to integrate with thermal power plants and thereby mitigate the challenges of intermittency caused by the weather-related variability of wind and sunshine. This is an exciting new application for us and is clear evidence that our new alliance with GE will generate significant growth potential for our business," said John Van Scoter, CEO and president of eSolar.
The FlexEfficiency 50 plant is the result of more than $500 million invested by GE in research and development to deliver cleaner, more efficient energy. GE also has announced a $170 million investment in a first-of-its-kind full speed full load test facility in Greenville, S.C., that will provide factory validation of its new technology. In addition to the agreements with MetCap Energy and eSolar, GE has signed a memorandum of understanding with Harbin Electric Co. Ltd. to support the introduction of FlexEfficiency in China. Harbin has been teaming with GE since 2003 to provide heavy-duty gas turbines for projects in China.
ORANGE, Va. — In June, after he had written a scorching opinion article seeking to constrain the president's unilateral power to make war, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, one of Barack Obama's earliest supporters, buttonholed the commander in chief at the White House for what he called “a spirited discussion.”
The militants of the Islamic State were pouring across the Syrian border into Iraq, and seizing cities where so much American blood and treasure had been spilled. But Mr. Kaine said he told the president in no uncertain terms that if he intended to go to war, he would have to ask Congress's permission. President Obama politely but firmly disagreed.
They have been battling ever since.
Mr. Kaine is an unlikely leader in the fight between Congress and the White House over a declaration of war. Genial and junior, the former Virginia governor was on Mr. Obama's short list for the vice presidency in 2008. He became Mr. Obama's handpicked Democratic Party chairman, then his handpicked senatorial candidate after Senator Jim Webb, a Democrat, announced his retirement in 2011.
But Mr. Kaine established his position in May, when he introduced legislation to repeal the 2002 authorization of force that paved the way for the invasion of Iraq. Then in September, he drafted his alternative, a narrowly tailored resolution to give Congress's blessing to a war against the Islamic State, with a one-year time limit and explicit language ensuring the mission could not expand, either to ground troops or to other targets.
We are now less than ten Saturdays away from the start of the college football season. The real start of the Chris Ash era is rapidly approaching. While we know about half of the scheduled times and TV assignments so far for next season, there is a full listing of the themes & promotions for the home schedule. We know there will be a stripe out game against Michigan. We know Homecoming is against Illinois. We know there is a doubleheader on the last home game of the season with the Rutgers wrestling team, as they host Princeton and football hosts Penn State.
What hasn't been announced is whether Rutgers will honor it's the most important team in program history, the 2006 team. It's the ten year anniversary of a team that changed the trajectory of the program forever. They are monumentally important to our history, and they are a major reason that Rutgers is a member of the Big Ten conference. But should we honor them now, or even at all? Rutgers chose not to honor the 1991 men's basketball team for their 25th Anniversary, the last squad to make the NCAA Tournament. Maybe athletic director Pat Hobbs will choose not to honor the 2006 team either. Let's first look at the reasons against honoring the 2006 team and why we should.
The Argument Against Not Honoring The 2006 Team
The 2006 team didn't actually become champions of anything other than winning the Texas Bowl over Kansas State. They didn't win the Big East and actually finished third behind West Virginia and the league champion, Louisville. They did finish the highest in the polls in program history at #12, but it wasn't a top ten finish. Also, it's actually the 40th anniversary of the 1976 team, which went undefeated with an 11-0 record. How can you honor an 11-2 team over one of two undefeated teams (1961) in program history? If Rutgers does honor the team during a high profile game, will the rest of the Big Ten, and even the country, laugh and consider how bad our history is that we would choose to honor a non-championship team? Shouldn't we just recognize the team with just a nice one pager in the media guide and game program and call it a day?
The Argument For Honoring the 2006 Team
The win over Louisville on November 9th, 2006 remains the iconic victory in program history. Our own Jim Hoffman wrote over weekend that Jeremy Ito's game winning field goal is the most important play for Rutgers football this century. That game still resonates among both fan bases and hard core college football fans, as evidenced by the amount of activity this tweet received over Jim's article. That game and that team put Rutgers football in the national consciousness in a positive way that unfortunately has been all too rare in recent years. It was also the first Rutgers team to win a bowl game in program history. They should be celebrated always and why not at the ten year anniversary mark? So then, let's assume we are all in agreement the the 2006 team should be honored, which games this upcoming season is the most appropriate to honor this team? Let's take a look at three possibilities that make the most sense.
Sept 24 - Iowa - Big Ten opener
The positive's are it's the Big Ten opener and the same week Ohio State is on a bye, so in theory Greg Schiano could attend. Heck, he might even be planning to be in New Jersey that weekend to recruit or visit family. It would be a great way to get the conference season started and give the crowd a little more juice against the Big Ten West defending champions. A potential negative to consider is that it's Ash's first conference game as head coach of Rutgers, so having Schiano there could be awkward or take away from the new regime. However, the positive is that a passing of the baton could occur that would be really special for the program. Ash and Schiano are friends and you would think this could be a fun, formal way to publicly acknowledge their connection and the changing of the guard. It is parent's & family weekend, which signifies another type of change, but the two could blend well together.
Oct 8th - Michigan - Stripeout in Primetime
Michigan returns to the scene of the crime where they lost in 2014. There has been a ton of back and forth between the two schools on social media the past few months with coaches, secret societies, satellite camps, high school principals, graphic designers, and fans being involved. It's the first ever stripe out for a home game, with the plan to have sections rotate between black and red. The game is national television, still to be determined between ABC, ESPN, or ESPN2. It will be a great showcase for Rutgers and makes it a perfect night to honor the 2006 team. It was the breakthrough season for the program, and one in which most to all serious college fans remember. Why not highlight the most important team in Rutgers history under the national spotlight. It would also add some juice to the already highly anticipated matchup against Michigan.
Oct 15th - Illinois - Homecoming
It's a winnable game and it's a sentimental weekend to begin with, so why not honor the 2006 team on a day when a lot of Rutgers alumni return to campus to celebrate great memories. It is a noon game, so it would probably get the least amount of national press due to the opponent, the time (noon kickoff), and the lack of added pomp and circumstance versus the other two games. It would definitely be a fun weekend to celebrate though, and it's clearly the best shot of the three games that Rutgers has to pick up a victory. Of course, if they were to honor the 2006 team against Iowa or Michigan and Rutgers pulled the upset, that would result in an epic weekend. There is another potential conflict though, as it's Hall of Fame & Letterwinners day. I honestly am not sure, does it make perfect sense to honor the 2006 team at the same time, or would it overshadow Hall of Fame inductees. Could they induct the entire team? Lots of things to consider.
Bottom Line
No matter which game it is, Rutgers really should honor the 2006 team in some way. Just like they should honor the 1976 team in some way as well. However, 2006 will always be the most important season in program history, when Rutgers officially entered the national championship conversation in November. That team stopped the many years of prolific losing, and directly led to the program to take several steps forward in the decade since. We wouldn't be in the Big Ten if 2006 didn't happen. Why not honor their ten year anniversary, at a time that not only the football program, but the entire athletic department, is transforming in a positive way once again. It could be a great public relations story, it would honor our history, and it would celebrate the Schiano era in a formal way that hasn't happened since he left as coach in 2012. While Schiano had his shortcomings and isn't loved by the entire fanbase, there is no denying he elevated the program like never before. It bridges the gap between the coach that built the program and the coach that we hope will take it even farther in Ash. It's okay that it wasn't a successful season by the standards of the greatest programs in college football. But it is R history, and it's ours to celebrate the way we think is best. What do you think?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ken Clarke: "Serious knife crimes will get serious prison sentences, but we're not setting absolute tariffs"
A Conservative election pledge that anyone caught carrying a knife could expect a jail term will not be implemented, the BBC has been told.
Justice Secretary Ken Clarke said he would put sentencing policy in the hands of judges, not newspaper pundits.
But he said those guilty of using a knife would face a "serious" jail term.
His comments came ahead of a Green Paper aimed at reducing jail numbers in England and Wales through changes to sentencing policy and rehabilitation.
Asked by BBC political editor Nick Robinson whether people caught carrying knives could expect a lesser punishment, Mr Clarke said ministers would not insist on "absolute tariffs".
It means that, as at present, someone caught carrying a knife may not face a custodial sentence, and may be cautioned instead.
In the Conservative election manifesto, the party said four out of five people convicted of a knife crime did not go to prison and they would send a "serious, unambiguous message that carrying a knife is totally unacceptable".
The document said: "We will make it clear that anyone convicted of a knife crime can expect to face a prison sentence."
But Mr Clarke was asked whether people convicted of carrying a knife could get a caution or community service.
He told the BBC: "We're not setting out absolute tariffs for particular things. What happens is pundits or newspapers suggest levels for particular forms of crimes ... Parliament in its wisdom enacts them - it doesn't work.
I'm not in favour of absolute rules. I'm in favour of actually allowing judges to see how nasty the offender is Ken Clarke, Justice Secretary
"Anybody who is guilty of serious knife crime will go to prison but I'm not in favour of absolute rules. I'm in favour of actually allowing judges to see how nasty the offender is, see what the offence was, see what the best way of protecting the public from him is."
"I'm more interested in actually, will we stop this man doing this again in future?"
Mr Clarke said he wanted to drive down inmate numbers through a "rehabilitation revolution" to reduce the numbers of people who re-offend after leaving prison.
He said that meant tackling problems like drug and alcohol abuse, mental health and lack of jobs for ex-offenders. The justice secretary says he wants private firms to be paid by results to run rehabilitation programmes.
The BBC understands that the Green Paper on Tuesday will set out plans that those who plead guilty immediately will receive discounted sentences and that there will be fewer indeterminate sentences - where there is no fixed release date.
All the main parties now agree on the need for what Mr Clarke will hail tomorrow as a rehabilitation revolution to stop prisoners re-offending Nick Robinson, BBC political editor Read Nick's thoughts in full
Last year about 4,600 people were admitted to hospital in England with knife wounds. In the 12 months to June 2010, there were 29,981 knife crimes in England and Wales recorded by the police - a drop of 7% from the previous year.
In July 2008 David Cameron said a "presumption to prosecute" did not send a strong enough signal and there should be a "presumption to prison" for knife crime.
He told the Sun: "This is about kitchen knives stuffed down the front of tracksuits... We're talking about mainly young people carrying knives as part of a culture. That culture has to stop."
During the election campaign he was joined by Brooke Kinsella - the former EastEnders actress whose brother Ben was stabbed to death in 2008 - who has since become a government adviser and is reviewing schemes aimed at tackling knife crime in England and Wales.
Not to be confused with Demantoid
Demonoid was a BitTorrent tracker and website that included file-sharing related discussion forums and a searchable index for the tracker. The site underwent intermittent periods of extended downtime due to the occasional need to move the server, generally caused by cancellation of ISP service due to local political pressure.[2] In March 2014, After 20 months of downtime the Demonoid BitTorrent tracker came back online. Former users were still able to use their login details, and most of the old torrents were still listed on the site. Demonoid was a semi-private tracker where registrations were periodically open.
Features and policies [ edit ]
Demonoid features RSS with different feeds for each of its torrent categories and their sub-categories. It tracked and displayed users' upload/download ratios, but, except in its early years, took no action against users with low ratios (members who took more than they share).[3] Demonoid previously banned users with low ratios, but stopped doing so due to the ratio system being inaccurate for some users, such as those with dynamic IP addresses.[4]
Demonoid prohibits linking to torrents containing pornographic material and malicious software.
In addition to forums on the Demonoid web site, an IRC channel, #demonoid at P2P-Network, supports discussion among users.
History [ edit ]
Domain name changes [ edit ]
On December 2, 2010, Demonoid changed its domain from .com to a .me address, to avoid US government seizure.[5]
On April 27, 2012, Demonoid changed its domain to a .ph TLD, and started an open beta of the new site on Demonoid.me.[6]
On June 15, 2012, Demonoid reverted to its previous .me domain, but returned to the .ph domain a week later.[citation needed]
The Demonoid website and tracker last went offline in July 2012 for a period of nearly two years, the longest hiatus ever. At the time it went offline, Demonoid was hosted by an ISP in Ukraine. Subsequent signs of activity led to no new developments until March 29, 2014, when the site, once again, went online. The revived site now uses a remote server.
On May 7, 2013, d2, an unofficial website based on Demonoid's databases went live at d2.vu, with hosting provided by the U.S.-based service RamNode. Around November 2013, a website showing the Demonoid logo and saying "We will rebuild!" came online at the .com domain, and the .me and .ph domains began redirecting web traffic to it, indicating they are all under control of the same owner.
In January 2014, a tracker came online at the .com domain, and provided service for the old torrents. On March 29, 2014, Demonoid came back online at the demonoid.ph domain. On December 3, 2014 domain name was changed to demonoid.pw.
There are no proxies or other alternatives available. There are some copycats around, but these are all fake.
“Users should be REALLY aware that there is no: .onion address, mirrors, alternative Demonoids and such. Especially to avoid demonoid.to,” according to torrentFreak.com. [7]
Legal issues [ edit ]
In a 2007 study, Slyck.com found twelve cease and desist letters to users of Demonoid.[8]
On September 25, 2007, the Demonoid website, forums and trackers went offline.[9][10] They came back four days later with the exception of the website, which came back the day after. Over the next few days, the website continued experiencing intermittent downtime[11] until October 2, 2007. The explanation as widely speculated[12] was that they had received a letter from a lawyer for the Canadian Recording Industry Association threatening legal action.[11] Demonoid began blocking Canadian traffic,[13] a strategy similar to that taken by isoHunt and TorrentSpy in blocking American traffic to avoid RIAA complaints.[11][14] Visitors from Canadian-based IPs would be redirected to the downtime version of the website, which contained an explanation of the legal threats. However, it was still possible for Canadians to visit the website at that time using proxy servers. Additionally, while the website may have been blocked in Canada at the time, the tracker was still readily accepting Canadian IP addresses.
The threats are in spite of the open question of the legality of music file sharing in Canada.[13][15] The CRIA has neither confirmed nor denied its involvement despite Demonoid's claims.[16]
On November 9, 2007, the site again went offline, reportedly due to legal threats to their service provider from the Canadian Recording Industry Association. A placeholder page stated, "The CRIA threatened the company renting the servers to us, and because of this it is not possible to keep the site online. Sorry for the inconvenience and thanks for your understanding." According to the IRC channel, the trackers themselves were not affected.[13] Six days later, the placeholder page was updated with a link to a new forum, unrelated to file sharing, for the community. On November 29, 2007, Deimos posted on that forum a problem preventing the site from coming back up:
"Money is an issue, but the real problem at the moment is finding a suitable place to host the website. There has been no luck there. And there's some personal stuff I need to take care of that takes most of my time at the moment, and that does not help."
The site then came back online on April 11, 2008. The homepage announced that the site had a new administrator, and that the old one (Deimos) had left for personal reasons.
Administration adjustment [ edit ]
On April 10, 2008, Deimos stepped down as the administrator of Demonoid, citing a number of reasons and "distraction with real-world issues"[17] as the cause. He also stated that he has "handed the reins over to a new administrator" – "a close friend of [his]", whom they trust completely and has the knowledge and time to take care of the site. Over the course of the next few days, RSS feeds for the site came back online and by April 16, 2008 a mass email was sent out to all Demonoid users informing that the site was "finally back online."
The official explanation stated:
A few months ago, the site administrator (known as Deimos), lacked the time necessary to maintain this website. For personal reasons, Deimos decided to resign his position as a member of the site staff. Before leaving, Deimos picked a new site administrator from among his friends. The old moderator team remained unchanged and will continue helping with the site. The Demonoid team will try to keep everything running just as it always has been. The trackers and website seem to be working properly, and should any issues arise, they will be taken care of as soon as possible. If we work on any problems over the next few days, the site might be going on and offline. We apologize in advance if this should happen. Welcome back and enjoy! — Umlauf, Demonoid site admin
Website downtime [ edit ]
Demonoid experienced a prolonged downtime in late 2009 due to hardware failure. On September 14, 2009, Demonoid's torrent tracker went down after it was reported that they had experienced a number of hardware problems stemming from power outages.[18] The tracker returned to service on November 5,[19] and the main site returned on December 13. A message was posted on the homepage stating that "We might have to shut down everything to fix and prevent further damage," and that it could be "days maybe, until we can change the power circuit."[20] During the downtime that followed, several new messages appeared, mostly providing updates on the repair status and promising that the site would return soon. On November 4, 2009, the tracker, which communicates with a BitTorrent client, began responding to some torrents, and returned to full operation on November 17. The main site, however, did not become operational until December 13, 2009.
On April 26, 2010, Demonoid.com, started experiencing downtime or extreme slowness. A message was posted on the site that it was due to a denial-of-service attack, which has subsided as of July 2010.[21] The site temporarily banned Taiwanese and Chinese IP ranges.[22]
On July 24, 2012, Demonoid.me suffered another denial-of-service attack, bringing the site down for an indeterminate amount of time.[23] The following week, its hosting provider, ColoCall, terminated its contract with Demonoid. An anonymous ColoCall source reported that the Ukrainian police had raided the hosting provider and seized Demonoid's data.[24] However, according to the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Ukraine, the termination occurred without police intervention.[25] No explanation has been given for the prolonged downtime, nor was there any word about the site's return until March 2014.
On November 12, 2012, demonoid.me began resolving to an IP address based in Hong Kong, where a tracker was operating.[26] The tracker did not accept new torrents, but honored existing ones. However, the website and forums remained offline. The tracker went offline on December 15, 2012, first actively refusing all connections, and then becoming unreachable when demonoid.me's DNS servers went down.[27]
In November 2013, demonoid.me and demonoid.ph started redirecting to demonoid.com, whose website began displaying a page that hints at a possible comeback of the site, with the message "We will rebuild! Coming back soon, please check back later. Thanks for your visit!!" along with a Bitcoin donation link.[28] On January 9, 2014, a tracker came online at inferno.demonoid.com and quickly became one of the five busiest BitTorrent trackers on the Internet; in only a few hours, the tracker was coordinating the communication of 1.3 million people scattered across 388,321 torrent files.[29]
In July 2018, Demonoid stopped working on all used domains. The issues are related to server-side problems. There are no backups or mirrors in internet [30]
d2 [ edit ]
During Demonoid's most recent downtime, an unofficial website based on Demonoid's databases was launched on May 7, 2013. The site went live at http://www.d2.vu/ with hosting provided by the U.S.-based service RamNode. d2's administrators stated, "No former admins have been involved with this rebranding or launch. This effort is independent and undertaken entirely for the benefit of the community."[31]
Based on a Demonoid backup, d2 contained Demonoid's torrent and user databases. All previously registered Demonoid users were able to log in using their already existing Demonoid accounts, while new invite codes were being generated. Unlike Demonoid, d2 had no user forums, and to minimize legal risk, the site had no torrent tracker; all torrents instead used public trackers. RamNode eventually terminated d2's hosting and, in August 2013, d2.vu was hosted on a server in Sweden.[32] d2 closed on March 30, 2014 when Demonoid went back up.
References [ edit ]
With the main scrimmages all in the books and the return of the juniors players to their CHL teams, we finally get to preseason games this week. Detroit will play four times over the next week. Here's the schedule.
Date Time Opponent Television Mon 9/22 7pm @Pittsburgh WPCW (Pittsburgh) Tue 9/23 8:30pm @Chicago CSN-CH+ (Chicago) Thu 9/25 7:30pm vs Chicago None Sat 9/27 7pm vs Boston None
As of right now, there are no plans to televise any of this week's four games in Detroit. If you live in Pittsburgh or Chicago, you can watch Monday's or Tuesday's game though. These will be split-squad games for the Wings, as they're sending half of their crew to each city. Here's Monday's tentative lineup from Kyle.
Here is your tentative lineup for tomorrow's exhibition against Pittsburgh. pic.twitter.com/OnzLndMuOo — Kyle (@KyleWIIM) September 21, 2014
That's all four of the young D-Men vying for a spot playing in the same game, which should be a lot of fun to watch (not to mention the Tatar-Datsyuk-Helm line). Babs says that Howard will play the first two periods with Mrazek taking the third as well, which will be the same setup on Tuesday except that Gustavsson will be the starter against Pittsburgh.
It's annoying that we can't watch the early preseason stuff to get first looks at at least somewhat competitive hockey for the first time in too many months (outside of actually going to the games... which I'd like to do except it's kind of a long drive for me). For what it's worth, all of next week's games will be televised either on Fox Sports Detroit or on NHLN. By then, roster decisions should be getting a bit harder. If I can find a way to watch, I'm very interested to see how guys on or near the bubble perform. Jurco, Cleary, Andersson, Callahan, Ferraro, and Glendening will all be under close scrutiny and these next two weeks will say a lot about which of them are on the team come October 9th.
The nation's largest health insurer, UnitedHealth Group, will stop selling individual Obamacare plans in Indiana next year.
The company, which has previously said it was losing hundreds of millions of dollars on the exchanges around the nation, will no longer offer policies on the individual marketplace here as of Jan. 1.
"We will not be offering individual exchange plans in 2017 in Indiana. This change does not impact our commercial and Medicare plans," UnitedHealth spokewoman Maria Gordon Shydlo wrote in an email, without further comment.
The move raises questions about how many insurers will offer individual plans on the marketplace, and whether the disappearance of large players could cause premiums to rise for lack of competition.
UnitedHealth, based in Minnesota, had sold plans on the exchange through a company called All Savers Insurance Co., which is legally based in Indianapolis.
Indiana was All Savers' second-biggest market for growth during the first nine months of last year, pulling in $129 million in premiums, up from $12.2 million during the same period a year earlier.
In addition, UnitedHealth is not going to sell individual plans off of the marketplace, according to the Indiana Department of Insurance.
In April, UnitedHealth said it would drop out of all but a “handful” of state exchanges where it sells individual Obamacare plans. It had said the exchange market was smaller and riskier than it had expected. It has said it expects to lose $650 million on the plans this year. UnitedHealth sold coverage in 34 states on the Obamacare exchanges.
Another health insurer, Southeastern Indiana Health Organization (SIHO), also will not sell on the individual marketplace next year, nor will it sell small group insurance, the insurance department said.
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, President Barack Obama's signature domestic policy initiative, is projected to cover about 12 million people this year, according to the Congressional Budget Office. But it has proven volatile for health insurances selling coverage in the new markets.
In November, UnitedHealth officials told investors that premiums for Obamacare exchanges came with too many medical claims.
UnitedHealth had about 795,000 customers of Obamacare's exchanges as of March 31.
Roughly half of the health insurers selling on the Obamacare exchange in Indiana were losing money on that business last year, according to third-quarter financial filings with the state insurance department.
Trombonist Roswell Rudd, who was equally powerful playing with jazz's leading avant-gardists such as Archie Shepp and Steve Lacy or collaborating with musicians from Mali and Mongolia, died Thursday night, succumbing to cancer that had been diagnosed in 2013. Rudd was 82.
Born in 1935 in Sharon, Connecticut, Rudd attended Yale University and played there with a student Dixieland band that recorded two albums. However, Rudd by the 1960s was making music with such revolutionary jazz players as pianist Cecil Taylor and saxophonists John Tchicai and Archie Shepp. Rudd appears on Shepp's groundbreaking mid-'60s Impulse! records Live in San Francisco and Four For Trane. Rudd was also the trombonist in the first edition of Charlie Haden's Libermation Music Orchestra and he appeared on several Carla Bley recordings in the 1970s. The 1980s and 1990s saw Rudd appearing on albums that explored the music of Thelonious Monk and Herbie Hichols. At some point, Rudd dropped out of the jazz scene for a while, as he told the Citizen in an interview for a 2004 profile.
Rudd is survived by his partner, Verna Gillis, his long-long friend with whom he became romantically involved in 2000. Gillis is an ethnomusicologist and she and Rudd travelled widely for their work.
This year, the couple released this video for their piece Awesome and Gruesome, inspired by Rudd's battle with cancer.
Rudd's swan-song recording, Embrace, was released last month. A quartet album on the RareNoise Records label, the album features Rudd, with vocalist Fay Victor, pianist Lafayette Harris and bassist Ken Filiano performing standards including Billy Strayhorn's Something to Live For,” Charles Mingus' Goodbye Pork Pie Hat, Thelonious Monk's ballad Pannonica and the traditional House of the Rising Sun.
At the 2004 TD Ottawa Jazz Festival, Rudd performed on the main stage with West African musicians. In advance of the concert, my former colleague Doug Fischer wrote this profile:
Roswell Rudd: A musical life in reverse
The Ottawa Citizen
Fri Jun 25 2004
Page: D3
Section: Arts
Byline: Doug Fischer
Source: The Ottawa Citizen
It's common for musicians, especially those who play jazz, to pay their dues.
They take jobs at bar mitzvahs and weddings. They perform in seedy clubs with inferior musicians on gigs that have nothing to do with jazz. Maybe they do a little teaching for a bit of under-the-table cash.
The money is often lousy but it's something to help pay the bills until that big break comes along.
Of course, most musicians pay their dues before they become well-known. Not Roswell Rudd.
In the 1960s and '70s, Rudd's trombone was a staple of the adventurous side of jazz. His exuberant, gruff-toned sound could be heard alongside Cecil Taylor, Steve Lacy, Herbie Nichols, Don Cherry, Archie Shepp, Charlie Haden, Albert Ayler, Carla Bley and a long list of other musical explorers.
And then he dropped out of sight.
“I wasn't making much money anyway,” say Rudd, who plays tonight at the jazz festival with a group of West African musicians. “I thought I might as well see what else was out there.”
He taught college for a few years in Maine, but didn't fit in. He delivered bread in Woodstock, New York. He trained as a nurse for the handicapped, and drifted around the northeastern U.S. until he caught on with a Catskills Mountain show band.
“I played in a resort hotel for the different acts that came through — dancers, singers, puppeteers, fire-eaters, comedians, all kinds of things that take you back to the days of vaudeville,” he says. “It was very enriching, and I mean that.”
He must. Rudd stuck with it for almost seven years, returning to the jazz scene in New York City in the mid-'90s but maintaining a home in the foothills of the Catskills.
“I took advantage of the whole experience for what it was,” he says. “It was almost a living, and the exposure to the borscht circuit comics was very grassroots. They're great improvisers. They're like jazz soloists the way they can work an idea and mesmerize an entire room of people.”
Rudd, 68, doesn't say much about why he left the jazz scene in the first place, just that he was looking for a steady paycheque, escape from creative frustrations and more time with his family.
Since his return to jazz, Rudd has been busy. He's recorded two albums of music by Nichols, an under-appreciated pianist who died in 1963, reconnected with Lacy for some CDs and touring and has been engaged in slew of projects that include concerts with trumpeter Dave Douglas and an album with Puerto Rican guitarist Yomo Toro.
In early 2000, Rudd took his trombone to Mali for a cross-cultural recording session with eight traditional West African musicians, including the renowned kora player Toumani Diabate.
“This was a thing that just blew me away,” he says. “It's a very special music — the melodies, the sounds of the instruments, the way they blend.”
Although the resulting album, MALIcool, is better described as world music than jazz, it includes one tune by Thelonius Monk.
“There's actually quite a lot of swings on the record,” Rudd says. “It has a real rhythmic propulsion and the colours of their instruments fit so well with what I do on the trombone.”
Looking back, Rudd says it was more difficult for the Malians to absorb jazz than the reverse. “Jazz is such a young music; theirs has been around for centuries. It's deeply ingrained.”
___
Rest in peace, Roswell Rudd.
phum@postmedia.com
twitter.com/peterhum
ottawacitizen.com/jazzblog
Etihad expansion set for go-ahead with capacity to increase to 62,000 seats... giving City second-biggest club ground in country
Manchester City's plans to extend the Etihad Stadium's capacity by more than 14,000 seats are set to get the green light.
City had plotted to add 6,250 seats at either end of the stadium and a further 2,000 around the ground, elevating the capacity from 47,620 to 62,170, according to the Manchester Evening news.
The plans were already submitted to the city's council planning commission and a report released on Thursday recommended that they are approved. If the building work goes ahead, Manchester will have the two biggest club stadiums in the country.
Dramatic: An artist impression of the Etihad Stadium expansion plans, which have been given the green light
The report states that 160 temporary jobs will be created as well as more than 110 extra match-day staff being required in the larger Etihad, some of which will be available to the local residents.
It reads: 'The continued social, economic and physical growth and regeneration of East Manchester, and the Etihad Campus, is a key objective of the Manchester Core Strategy.
'The expansion of the stadium will provide enhanced facilities which will help to create a stadium of national and international profile and improve the visitor experience.
'The proposal will create job opportunities, some of which will be available for local residents and business, during the construction and operation of the expanded stadium. In addition, there is an opportunity to provide improved access to the facilities at the stadium for local residents as part of improvements to wellbeing and health.'
BIGGEST PREMIER LEAGUE CLUB STADIUMS CURRENTLY
1 Old Trafford (Man United), 75,731 2 Emirates Stadium (Arsenal), 60,362 3 St James' Park (Newcastle), 52,403 4 Stadia of Light (Sunderland), 48,707 5 Etihad Stadium (Man City), 47,620 6 Anfield (Liverpool), 45,276 BIGGEST PREMIER LEAGUE CLUB STADIUMS IN THE FUTURE
1 Old Trafford (Man United), 75,731 2 Etihad Stadium (Man City), 62,170 3 Emirates Stadium (Arsenal), 60,362 4 St James' Park (Newcastle), 52,403 5 Stadia of Light (Sunderland), 48,707 6 Anfield (Liverpool), 45,276
Ambitious: Both ends would be lifted to accommodate more than 14,000 more fans at the Etihad Stadium
Cost: The proposed seating and new pricing plan for the redeveloped Manchester City stadium
Although the stadium development plans have garnered a great deal of support in the surrounding area and among fans, concerns have been raised by the nearby Friends of Philips Park Cemetery about traffic and anti-social behaviour from match-day revellers.
The report adds: 'The Friends Group find the expansion of the stadium of great concern to residents and the surrounding area. There are issues from the existing use of the stadium in respect of rubbish, congestion of fans and traffic.
'Rubbish is left behind following events and match days which will only worsen with the expanded stadium.
'The rubbish often blows into the cemetery and the friends group often have to spend time cleaning the area. In addition, football fans cut through the cemetery and urinate on the headstones which is disrespectful.'
This year has flown by.
The short, cold days of winter turned into the somewhat longer, not nearly as cold days of spring, and then one long, glorious day signaled the start of summer.
But that one long day also signaled the annual contraction of the length of the day. Summer rushed by in a blur, and then this past Sunday at two in the morning while I slept, the hour that was stolen last spring was returned, but with the end of Daylight Savings Time, the days seem even shorter.
Every year, this change catches me unaware, and today, without giving it much thought, I set out on some mid-afternoon errands that ran into late afternoon, which put me in rush hour traffic, and by the time I got home, the shift in time was further exacerbated by gray skies, so the day's photos, rather than being at sunset, had more of an air of twilight about them.
Here are eight cookies-to-be:
along with four plain squares which I am working in cookie-sheet gray for a gender neutral baby blanket:
In another week or so, I will have adjusted to the change in time, my new routines will be set, and I will continue to move forward, one stitch at a time.
The video seen here is “true” in the basic sense that it captures the real phenomenon of elephants who perform the physical process of creating drawings by holding brushes in their trunks and applying them to cards mounted on easels. A BBC News article described an exhibition of such paintings at an Edinburgh gallery in 1996:
Pictures which were painted by elephants have gone on display at an Edinburgh gallery. Art graduate Victoria Khunapramot, 26, has brought the paintings from Thailand to the Dundas Gallery on Dundas Street. They include “self-portraits” by Paya, who is said to be the only elephant to have mastered his own likeness. Paya is one of six elephants whose keepers have taught them how to hold a paintbrush in their trunks. They drop the brush when they want a new colour. Mrs Khunapramot, from Newington, said: “Many people cannot believe that an elephant is capable of producing any kind of artwork, never mind a self-portrait. “But they are very intelligent animals and create the entire paintings with great gusto and concentration within just five or 10 minutes — the only thing they cannot do on their own is pick up a paintbrush, so it gets handed to them. “They are trained by artists who fine-tune their skills, and they paint in front of an audience in their conservation village, leaving no one in any doubt that they are authentic elephant creations.” Mrs Khunapramot, who set up the Thai Fine Art company after studying the history of art in St Andrews and business management at Edinburgh's Napier University, said it took about a month to train the animals to paint.
The web site of the Asian Elephant Art and Conservation Project explains the background behind elephants' being taught to paint, with the resulting artworks being sold and the monies so raised being used to fund elephant conservation projects. The site includes a video gallery that features several clips of pachyderm artists in action similar to the one linked above, as well as galleries displaying the individual elephants' works. (Based on the similarity of drawings, we'd guess that the elephant shown in the example video is Hong, a nine-year-old female living at the Maetaman Elephant Camp in Thailand.)
However, although these animals may be creating artworks in a purely physical sense, critics contend that the elephants participating in this activity are not actually “painting” in any meaningful sense of the word: They aren't engaging in any form of creativity, much less abstractly making free-form portraits of whatever tickles their pachydermic fancies at the moment; rather, they're simply actors performing in tourist trap attractions in Thailand, where they do nothing more than outline and color specific drawings they've been painstakingly trained to replicate — and they manage that much only while receiving a good deal of prompting and guidance throughout the process from their mahout (trainers).
As zoologist Desmond Morris wrote after he and scientist Richard Dawkins traveled to Thailand in 2008 to investigate the “elephant painting” phenomenon:
So are these endearing mammals truly artistic? The answer, as politicians are fond of saying, is yes and no. Let me describe exactly what happens. A painting session begins with three heavy easels being wheeled into position. On each easel a large piece of white card (30in x 20in) has been fixed underneath a strong wooden frame. Each elephant is positioned in front of her easel and is given a brush loaded with paint by her mahout. He pushes the brush gently into the end of her trunk. The man then stands to one side of his animal's neck and watches intently as the brush starts to make lines on the card. Then the empty brush is replaced by another loaded one, and the painting continues until the picture is complete. The elephant then turns towards its audience, bows deeply and is rewarded with bananas. The paintings are then removed from their frames and offered for sale. They are quickly snapped up by people who have been astonished by what they have just witnessed. To most of the members of the audience, what they have seen appears to be almost miraculous. Elephants must surely be almost human in intelligence if they can paint pictures of flowers and trees in this way. What the audience overlooks are the actions of the mahouts as their animals are at work. This oversight is understandable because it is difficult to drag your eyes away from the brushes that are making the lines and spots. However, if you do so, you will notice that, with each mark, the mahout tugs at his elephant's ear. He nudges it up and down to get the animal to make a vertical line, or pulls it sideways to get a horizontal one. To encourage spots and blobs he tugs the ear forward, towards the canvas. So, very sadly, the design the elephant is making is not hers but his. There is no elephantine invention, no creativity, just slavish copying. Investigating further, after the show is over, it emerges that each of the so-called artistic animals always produces exactly the same image, time after time, day after day, and week after week. Mook always paints a bunch of flowers, Christmas always does a tree, and Pimtong a climbing plant. Each elephant works to a set routine, guided by her master.
The following video clip reveals something of how much an elephant is actually guided by its mahout during the painting process:
Other critics contend that not only is the elephant painting phenomenon a misleading show put on to garner money from tourists, but that the animals who participate in it have been abused; therefore, visitors to Thailand should shun the purchase of such works:
The European Space Agency has released its investigation into the crash of the Schiaparelli Mars lander in October 2016.
Perhaps the loss of one mission will benefit another. A recent independent external inquiry, chaired by the European Space Agency's Inspector General, has shed new light on the fate of ESA's Schiaparelli Lander. A test bed for the full up ExoMars 2020 rover, the lander slammed into the Meridiani Planum landing site at 540 kilometers per hour (340 mph) on October 19, 2016.
Schiaparelli's Journey
Named after the 19th century Italian astronomer who mapped the Red Planet, Schiaparelli came heartbreakingly close to a successful landing. Schiaparelli hitched a ride to Mars attached to the ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter. Both spacecraft launched atop a Roscosmos Proton rocket from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, Russia, on March 14, 2016. The plan was for the Schiaparelli Entry, Descent and Landing (EDM) demonstrator to measure atmospheric conditions during and after landing. Schiaparelli was battery-powered (though early plans had called for a nuclear-fueled RTG power supply, like Curiosity) and was set to operate for a few days on the Martian surface.
The Schiaparelli mission featured several attempted firsts: the first time a lander relayed data to its parent ship (TGO) while it was also entering orbit, the first time science data related to dust storm development was collected during descent, and the first lander to feature a deformable underside similar to crumble zones on an automobile to cushion the impact of landing.
Anatomy of an Interplanetary Crash
At first, all went according to plan. Schiaparelli was released from the TGO on October 16, 2016, three days ahead of the scheduled landing. Then, on October 19th, Schiaparelli began its own “six-minutes of terror” as planned: the heat shield protected the spacecraft during initial atmospheric interface, sensors took atmospheric readings, and the parachute deployed on schedule.
ESA's Mars Express caught Schiaparelli's carrier signal during descent, as did the Giant Metrewave Radio Telescope based in Pune, India.
Problems started about three minutes into atmospheric entry, when Schiaparelli began to spin under its chute. This spin began with parachute inflation, resulting — in the words of the investigation findings — in a “saturation,” exceeding the measurement range of the lander's Inertial Measurement Unit or IMU. This conflict made the lander think it was below ground level, when it was, in fact, still 3.7 kilometers above the Martian surface. The terminal descent phase kicked in, and the lander ejected its backshell and parachute ahead of schedule. To make matters worse, the landing thrusters only fired for 3 seconds, instead of 30 seconds, before falling silent. This put Schiaparelli in a 25-second free fall before slamming into the Martian surface, creating a fresh new Martian crater spied by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter weeks later on November 1, 2016.
The surface science package, thinking the spacecraft had already landed, relayed one “housekeeping packet” of data during descent before losing contact.
The investigating team noted that the lander impacted very near the anticipated landing site, revealing that the chute and reentry went off very nearly as planned.
The “saturation” of the IMU parameters allowed the team to identify weak spots and possible software fixes, findings that will go a long way towards getting the Mars 2020 rover safely down to the Martian surface.
“The real-time relay of data during the descent was crucial to provide this in-depth analysis of Schiaparelli's fate,” said David Parker (ESA-Human Spaceflight and Robotic Exploration) in a recent press release. “We will take the lessons learned with us as we continue to prepare for the ExoMars 2020 rover and surface platform mission. Landing on Mars is an unforgiving challenge but one we must meet to achieve our ultimate goals.”
Schiaparelli: Paying it Forward
Currently, ESA's Mars Trace Gas Orbiter is working well, and will aerobrake during Mars periapsis for a series of science orbits in 2018. The ExoMars 2020 rover is also on track for a July 2020 launch.
Space is hard, and if there's one thing the “Great Galactic Ghoul” loves, it's tasty human spacecraft bound for Mars. But the lessons learned from the ESA Schiaparelli EDM landing attempt will be paid forward towards the crucial landing of the ExoMars rover.
By: Joachim Hagopian | Global Research –
With the richest 1% owning more than the rest of us 99%-ers combined on this planet starting next year, it's fair and accurate to say we earthlings are living in economic slavery and feudal bondage. With no exaggeration, our world has been hijacked and stolen by a handful of psychopathic rulers bent on destroying us. My last article was how they were killing us with their Big Pharma drugs, keeping us sick, toxically and literally squeezing the life out of us with compromised, weakening immune systems, and dying slow profitable deaths for Big Pharma.
My piece only touched on the threat that alternative medicine poses on eating into Big Pharma's monopolizing unprecedented profits. It's been the longtime objective and unfolding reality that this privileged elite has been eliminating all competition in its ruthless path to absolute oligarchy. Big Business be it Big Pharma or other Fortune 500 corporations will stop at nothing to destroy anything and anyone that threatens its economic stranglehold over the people on this planet. This examination focuses on the militarized Gestapo-like tactics the elite deploys to take out Big Pharma's biggest competitor – the vitamin-herbal supplement industry and how Big Business in this predatory cannibalistic dog-eat-dog world is bent towards taking out small business.
In the last twenty years more and more US citizens have turned to more affordable alternative health for treatment and health maintenance. And no larger outlet within this alternative health movement is the vitamin supplement industry. Because Big Pharma sees this emerging alternative to using prescribed toxic drugs as a direct threat to their profits and monopolizing theft, Big Pharma has descended on Washington to destroy the vitamin and herbal supplement industry. Through the lobbying power that pours millions into the pockets of our elected representatives, effectively bribing US Congress, Big Pharma has manipulated a 1994 law designed to keeping us safe to seventeen years later passing another safety law designed to kill the burgeoning natural supplements industry.
As an outspoken critic of Big Pharma and the thoroughly broken healthcare system, health expert Dr. Gary Null has devoted decades to informing and educating us about the powers of natural healing through healthy diet. He recently produced an incisive, mind-blowing documentary called “War on Health” exposing the evils of the Food and Drug Administration that's 40% funded by Big Pharma as its hired guns and thugs out to cripple and destroy the vitamin herbal nutritional supplement companies. Using tactics straight out of Nazi Germany, they have been raiding, ransacking, locking up, extorting and attacking small companies across the United States selling wholesome and healthy natural supplemental products that have proven to do no harm – unlike Big Pharma.
Shamefully the US government has become a traitor and an enemy of the people in its criminal efforts to wipe out the one natural health business that actually has been proven to deliver positive results. Big Pharma has sought to sic the fascist fed army of 100,000 FDA Gestapo agents on what is most healthy and good for the people in order to eliminate our choice over our own self-care, health and well-being.
As an example of the hellish strategies the feds are currently pulling, beginning in this century the FDA have launched multiple raids arresting owners of organic coops and farms. In August 2011 the owner and farmers supplying products to Rawesome Foods, an organic private food coop near Los Angeles, were raided and arrested. It involved no less than five government agencies seizing $70,000 worth of produce and raw dairy products. The fact that it's a private company selling healthy organic food to its private members, thereby not needing the same licenses and permits required for selling to the public, didn't matter at all. These raids are out to make the bold reprehensible statement to small enterprising, health-conscious businesses nationwide. And that statement is Big Pharma via the feds are out to kill all fresh food and natural supplement products because they're literally too good for our health and precisely not the poisonous processed foods and toxic chemical prescription drugs that are notoriously bad for our health.
The Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 was passed redefining vitamin supplements as food rather than drugs. Then under the deceptive cover of “safety,” seventeen years later along came the falsely entitled Food Safety Modernization Act that Obama signed into law in January 2011. It was specifically designed to do Big Pharma's shady bidding as another draconian law that stands to allocate more taxpayer dollars to hire yet more FDA agents to shut down more organic farmers, trespassing our freedom to the extent of outlawing even vegetable gardening on our own private property. It imposes on the supplement industry proof that its products are safe with mandated independent scientific research. The irony of that preposterous ploy is that natural vitamins and minerals are far safer under current guidelines than the Big Pharma drugs known to be synthetic toxins, yet FDA protects them. This law was simply designed to enhance and protect Big Pharma, the FDA authority, the Big Agri-industry, Monsanto, GMO proliferation and attack small independent farmers and even ownership of non-GMO seeds. The law burdens farmers with additional paperwork bureaucracy as another means to drive small businesses into bankruptcy. Pomegranates, walnuts, cherries cannot be sold or advertised with the true claims that they have certain medicinal effects on human health.
This is what America the nation of the no longer free has become. Our US government goes to great lengths to make sure that large evil corporations out purely for profit and greed are protected at the detrimental expense of human lives, while harassing, arresting, fining and ultimately putting out of business companies and citizens that actually do us good, determined and dedicated to benefit our health and well-being. Harassing, incarcerating and killing innocent law abiding citizens who are only doing good for their fellow human beings have unfortunately and tragically become commonplace here in America. The fascist government no longer represents the people's best interests but by simple nature of oligarchy has co-opted with private profit-driven corporations to ensure our enslavement and vanishing freedom of choice. In its sinister aim of making and keeping us ill, Gov. Corp. (through Big Pharma and its co-opted feds as its teeth of enforcement) systematically and relentlessly resorts to criminal harassment and litigation while Big Pharma busily writes loophole legislation that our treasonous politicians sign off on that then authorizes FDA storm troopers sent out around the country literally tearing down small companies, farms, retail stores and business owners that offer beneficial products that help us become and stay healthy. It's become an insane upside down world where the merging of Big Business and Big Government operates as a demonic criminal racketeering right out of the Mafia or Nazi Germany. The nightmare that is the New World Order is already here.
Speaking of Germany, there is an international organization that is in cahoots with the FDA out to completely eliminate any and all options we have to use natural means of vitamin and herbal supplements for our own health. Enter Codex Alimentarius Commission as a direct historical offshoot founded in 1962 by a Nazi responsible for concentration camp deaths and furnishing human subjects for Dr. Mengele's inhumane experimentation. This organization has regulated potency of vitamins limiting international unit strength of vitamin supplements in Europe. It virtually cuts off all supply of vitamin supplements on that continent that are therapeutically beneficial and currently working with the US FDA to do the same here. Tying it into the World Trade Organization as an international regulator, their next anticipated move will be toward “HARMonizing” uniform standards. There are also plans to impose a lowered standard of vitamin dosage that can be purchased over-the-counter and requiring higher dose levels that are necessary for any medicinal benefit to only be attained through prescription. Big Pharma is closing in on ensuring it gets its cut and as another means for making even more profits. By limiting the minimal international units on every vitamin supplement and thus rendering it completely ineffective and useless, the demonic control over what humans can and cannot ingest in their own bodies for their own well-being is usurping our rights and capacity to live healthy lives. Paul Hellyer in his book The Evil Empire states:
[The Codex Alimentarius Commission] will create a world without borders ruled by a virtual dictatorship of the world's most powerful central banks and multinational companies. This world is an absolute certainty if we all sit on our hands and do nothing.
The insidious evil addressed in my recent article “The Evils of Big Pharma Exposed” ends up a gross understatement of the growing cancer (both figuratively and literally) spreading to every corner of the globe. Meanwhile, half of Big Pharma's drugs on the market end up being recalled after harming and killing thousands of people. In fact, Vioxx killed 60,000 Americans before it was taken off the market, more than the number of Americans who died in Vietnam. A drug contaminated with the HIV virus for hemophiliacs was known by both drugmakers Bayer and Baxter Pharmaceuticals to be deadly. Yet in their demonic lust for profit, the companies sold it in Europe, Asia and South America knowingly infecting and killing hundreds of children. Not one executive from either Bayer or Baxter was arrested or charged with a crime. Yet this clearly was murder. The FDA continues looking the other way allowing humans to die, doing nothing to stop Big Pharma's industry-wide practice that constantly places unsafe lethal drugs on the market.
This destructive totalitarian pattern of feds' harassing and demolishing the natural supplement industry is being replicated across the nation against small business owners who've caught the eye and ire of powerful special interests. The oligarchic system favors only Big Business and goes out of its way to eliminate all competition, regardless of its small size or not. All it takes is one individual with high connections to any number of government agencies in this massive security surveillance complex to, in one broad stroke, defame your name and reputation with lies, and the same army of federal destroyers are being unleashed to ruin yet more innocent people's lives. One can be an honest, hardworking, ethically guided individual with sterling integrity and impeccable reputation all his or her life, but if for whatever reason a corrupt and ruthless player holding inside power connections decides to go after you with false accusations, your life and your small business can immediately be engulfed indefinitely in embattled conflict, legal harassment and irreversible turmoil.
Years of litigation and demands to produce hundreds if not thousands of bureaucratic paperwork document requirements are designed to wear down targeted individuals, forcing them to deplete their life savings in legal defense fees in efforts to right the wrong and clear their name. This is also what America has become, where those imbued with unlimited finances means, resources and power can abusively launch smear campaigns that result in honest, law abiding citizens going to jail on entirely fabricated charges. Especially since the 9/11 coup de tat, the system is heavily rigged as treachery abounds. The justice system we all thought protected us with constitutional rights is neither no longer upheld nor honored. Again, we as a people must rise up and fight the oppressive totalitarian regime that's made a complete mockery of our American ideals.
The ruling powers are currently utilizing the militarized arms of their fascist tyrannical governments around the world as henchmen executioners out to destroy any movement afoot that dare offer health and prosperity to us little people of the world. So it's up to us informed and empowered masses – the oligarch's most feared enemy – to start taking back our God given planet that is rightfully ours from the monsters who are harassing and poisoning us to death. We as one unified global population need to begin reclaiming our stretched-to-resilient limits, natural and sacred earth. We've been blessed with humanity's modern heroes such as Martin Luther King, Nelson Mandela and Mahatma Gandhi whose sacrifices have left us the powerful, inspirational legacy and gift to follow their lead practicing civil disobedience and the power of mindful choice to challenge the elite's scourge that's been afflicting our planet far too long. Let the truth, justice, wisdom and courage they demonstrated be our role models guiding us to victory.
Joachim Hagopian is a West Point graduate and former US Army officer. He has written a manuscript based on his unique military experience entitled “Don't Let The Bastards Getcha Down.” It examines and focuses on US international relations, leadership and national security issues. After the military, Joachim earned a masters degree in Clinical Psychology and worked as a licensed therapist in the mental health field for more than a quarter century. He now concentrates on his writing.
Buster Olney outlines all of the issues with the Dodgers, and points out the difference in Los Angeles when Clayton Kershaw starts compared to everyone else. (0:45)
Where would the Dodgers be without Kershaw? (0:45)
Clayton Kershaw has won three of the past five National League Cy Young Awards and hasn't finished outside the top three in voting since 2010. At 28 years old this season, he may actually be having his best season yet and is cementing his name as one of baseball's greatest pitchers of all time.
This season
Kershaw has six straight starts with at least 10 strikeouts and one walk or fewer, the longest streak of its kind since 1900. Only four other pitchers in baseball this season have multiple such starts and none did it in consecutive starts.
Kershaw has 88 strikeouts and just four walks this season. No pitcher has had even 80 strikeouts before getting his fifth walk of the season since the mound was moved to 60 feet, 6 inches from the plate in 1893.
There are 106 pitchers this season who have walked four batters in a game. Including last year's Cy Young winners -- Jake Arrieta and Dallas Keuchel -- who have done it three times each.
This month, Kershaw has 48 strikeouts and one walk. That's four times better than the next-best strikeout-to-walk ratio this month (Colby Lewis at 12-to-1).
Kershaw is on pace for more than 300 strikeouts and fewer than 50 walks, something that's only been done by three pitchers in major-league history: Pedro Martinez in 1999, Curt Schilling in 2002 and Kershaw last season.
Career impact
Kershaw's Adjusted ERA is 157 (it adjusts for ballpark and compares to the rest of the league, where 100 is average and higher is better). That's the best Adjusted ERA in major league history (minimum 1,500 IP).
Kershaw has 10 starts in his career with 10 strikeouts, no walks and no more than one run allowed. Only four pitchers have done that more often since the mound was moved to its current distance in 1893.
The 10 hitters who have faced him the most have combined to hit .220 and slug .303 against him, with four times as many strikeouts as walks. That's roughly equivalent to Bob Gibson's career line as a hitter.
Kershaw has six wins and four walks this season. Entering Sunday, there's one other pitcher who has six wins and four walks. That's Erasmo Ramirez, who has pitched 35 innings. Kershaw has thrown 70.
Kershaw already has 88 strikeouts this season. Mike Pelfrey had 86 strikeouts total in his 30 starts last season.
Kershaw has a 34.8 strikeout percentage as a pitcher -- and a 29.2 strikeout percentage as a hitter.
Along those same lines, Kershaw has a .208 OBP as a hitter this year. Opponents have a .198 OBP against him.
First days of invasion into Russia seemed to be a piece of cake for Nazi German army. According to the plans of the German chief commanders the whole deal with Russia would take just a few months. They were hoping to take over the Moscow until winter of 1941 (the operation has started early summer, 1941). The invitations were sent to the higher officers of the German army for the celebration of the victory on Russian army in the summer, a few months before the planned victory.
And so there advancement into the Russian territory was really that easy for the first months. They moved fast, often leaving some pockets of resistance inside the conquered Russian land. Soon they got themselves right near two of Russian main cities – Moscow and St. Petersburg.
In Russia there is a popular belief, that Moscow shouldn't be ever surrender to the enemy, because loosing Moscow can mean loosing of all the country. So the battles were becoming more violent and fierce as the Nazis approached Moscow.
And then winter come, that was the well-known old Russian winter, with horrible frosts and lots of snow. Before German army fought in the relatively warm climate of Western Europe and didn't know what Russian Winter really is. It got demoralized them very much and possibly the Russian Winter saved the Russian people from being defeated right in the first year of the war.
Then the war lasted for 5 years more, and no holiday took place for which German officers got invitations, and frankly speaking at the end of the war mostly no invitation recipients were left alive.
And those are photos of the first days of the invasion, made by German soldiers.
A Lake County couple on their daily stroll Tuesday saw a young man suspiciously eyeballing houses in the neighborhood.
Their alarm increased when the questionable visitor ended up in the backyard of a neighbor's home — the one deputy said he broke into. The husband grabbed a gun and moved in for a closer look inside the home in the Grand Island area between Leesburg and Eustis. As he peered through a broken window, the intruder heaved a television through it.
The alleged burglar — later found to be a 16-year-old boy, apparently unarmed — spotted him and bolted, sheriff's Lt. John Herrell said. The husband ordered the intruder to stop and get on the ground. But the youth, he told police, charged toward him.
That's when the neighbor fired one shot at the boy, who was airlifted to Orlando Regional Medical Center.
"I told him he's my hero," said Mark Hartley, who was at work when his home in the Grand Island Ridge subdivision was burglarized just before noon.
The teen, who wasn't immediately identified, is in stable condition and expected to recover. Herrell said the neighbor, who also hasn't been identified, is cooperating with detectives.
A 16-year-old burglary suspect was shot by a neighbor who confronted him, Lake County authorities said. (Video from Fox 35) A 16-year-old burglary suspect was shot by a neighbor who confronted him, Lake County authorities said. (Video from Fox 35) SEE MORE VIDEOS
"It's definitely unusual, because in most cases the homeowner is the one confronting a suspect," Herrell said.
No criminal charges are expected against the neighbor because of the circumstances, he said.
"When the witness confronted him and the suspect charged, the witness told us he was in fear for his life and acted to defend himself," Herrell said. "The neighbor was doing what he thought was the right thing."
Hartley said he was thankful to have the man as a neighbor. He said residents of the community near Lake Eustis and the Lake County fairgrounds have one another's backs.
"We all are close friends and get along really well," he said. "We always watch out for one another, and I'm glad someone was there to stop it."
Hartley and his wife, Lynne, said they haven't seen much crime in the area in the three years they've lived there. Mark Hartley said he rushed home from his job at Publix when a neighbor called him with the news.
"I couldn't get here fast enough," he said. "It's very upsetting to get a call like that."
Lynne Hartley said deputies allowed her inside the home during the investigation to check on their cats, Rusty and Sheba.
"I spotted my cat Rusty, but I couldn't find Sheba anywhere," she said. "I'm just afraid she escaped."
The break-in rattled the couple.
"It obviously alters my thoughts on our security here," Mark Hartley said. "It's usually so quiet."
chayes@orlandosentinel.com or 352-742-5936
An internal company document shared with AppleInsider purportedly shows time off available for AppleCare employees for the latter half of September. As can be seen in the calendar, available time off drops significantly starting Sunday, Sept. 15, and continues through Saturday, Sept. 28.
The image provided shows the calendar being accessed via virtual private network from an internal Apple employee domain. Potentially identifying portions of the picture have been cropped out.
Apple appears to be cutting down on available vacation time for its AppleCare employees between September 15 and 28, a two week period encompassing the prospective September 20 release date for the iPhone 5S and 5C that was first leaked earlier this month. iOS 7 is also expected to be released that week.An internal document shared by AppleInsider reportedly shows the amount of time off available for AppleCare employees during the month of September, which appears to drop beginning on September 15.Multiple carriers have also initiated similar vacation blackout dates on some of the same days, with T-Mobile employees reporting a September 20 to 22 blackout and Verizon employees reporting September 18 to September 22 blackout dates.Apple likely has a longer blackout period for its AppleCare employees in order to offer extended support to both iOS 7 users and new iPhone owners. AppleCare employees began training on support issues related to iOS 7 yesterday and that training is likely to continue up until the OS is distributed to the public.
Tigers skipper Robbie Farah has slammed referee Shayne Hayne as arrogant for his refusal to refer a contentious no-try ruling to the video referee early in the side's 40-8 thumping at the hands of Manly.
Farah was at pains to point out that it was a poor first-half showing, in which the Tigers conceded four tries while squandering numerous attacking opportunities themselves, rather than the officiating which cost his side, though he reserved both barrels for Hayne in a fiery post-match press conference.
In just the third minute of play Tigers winger David Nofoaluma was ruled by Hayne to have knocked-on in attempting to ground the ball for the opening try of the game, despite replays showing Nofoaluma had planted the ball on the try-line.
The calls of Tigers' players to send the decision upstairs fell on deaf ears, and Farah aired his frustrations afterwards when asked why Hayne had refused to take a second look at the incident.
"Arrogance... who knows?" Farah mused on Hayne's decision, before calling for the NRL to admit a mistake had been made by Hayne.
"They check everything else. Sometimes they go out there and look at things about 20 times, yet I asked him to check it and as a captain he just tells me to walk away.
"They ask you to show them respect, but they show none in return.
"In saying that, we were crap. I can sit here and admit that, but I'd like to see the refs come out during the week and admit they were too.
"It's not going to happen. At least we can put our hand up and own up to it. It would be nice if some others did that too.
"He'll still be reffing next week."
Tigers coach Mick Potter was equally adamant Hayne had erred in not sending the decision upstairs.
"I watched it on video, and if I was ruling on it, I thought that it was a try," said Potter.
"The referees have got the luxury of having the technology to make a call on it and at such a crucial moment in the game ... it would have taken three seconds and you would have known what the result is," Potter said.
"Yet for some unknown reason we don't use it in that particular instance. It just seems ludicrous."
Farrah admitted he and Hayne, who had plenty of terse moments during the opening two Origin games before Hayne was replaced for Wednesday's final game, do not have a great relationship, though conceded his side did not handle the decision well.
"There's other [referees] you talk to and they show you respect as a captain. I find it difficult with him. They're the things you've got to adapt to as a captain.
"We've got to be better than that, things go against you on the footy field but you've got to get on with the job.
"It was only three minutes into the game, so there's still 77 minutes left and they were the better side and we got beaten by 40, so we can't sit here and say that the refs cost us the game.
"It's just disappointing... it's just frustrating."
The 32-point loss, their heaviest against Manly, was compounded by the loss of Pat Richards to a groin injury in the 18th minute, as well as the citing of Farah for a lifting tackle on Sea Eagles prop Josh Starling midway through the first half.
Microsoft promised a 75 percent increase in battery life for Surface Pro 2 over the original, and the company delivered. In our review we noted that the Surface Pro 2 lasted 7 hours, 33 minutes on the Verge Battery Test, which cycles through a series of websites and high-res images with screen brightness set to 65 percent. Anandtech has discovered that a recently released Surface Pro 2 firmware update has pushed the battery life even further.
In our own Verge Battery Test we can confirm that the battery life on the Surface Pro 2 has increased to 8 hours, 51 minutes following the firmware update, an almost 20 percent increase. Anandtech notes that the improvements appear to be related to a change that lets the Marvell Wi-Fi chipset use less power. The improvements are impressive and help improve the viability of using the device all day as a tablet or a laptop. Microsoft's Surface 2 tablet, running on Windows RT 8.1, has not received similar battery improvements in its firmware update, meaning the Pro 2 outpaces the ARM-based model on battery life.
We value gold for many reasons: its beauty, its usefulness as jewelry, and its rarity. Gold is rare on Earth in part because it's also rare in the universe. Unlike elements like carbon or iron, it cannot be created within a star. Instead, it must be born in a more cataclysmic event - like one that occurred last month known as a short gamma-ray burst (GRB). Observations of this GRB provide evidence that it resulted from the collision of two neutron stars - the dead cores of stars that previously exploded as supernovae. Moreover, a unique glow that persisted for days at the GRB location potentially signifies the creation of substantial amounts of heavy elements - including gold.
"We estimate that the amount of gold produced and ejected during the merger of the two neutron stars may be as large as 10 moon masses - quite a lot of bling!" says lead author Edo Berger of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics (CfA).
Berger presented the finding today in a press conference at the CfA in Cambridge, Mass.
A gamma-ray burst is a flash of high-energy light (gamma rays) from an extremely energetic explosion. Most are found in the distant universe. Berger and his colleagues studied GRB 130603B which, at a distance of 3.9 billion light-years from Earth, is one of the nearest bursts seen to date.
Gamma-ray bursts come in two varieties - long and short - depending on how long the flash of gamma rays lasts. GRB 130603B, detected by NASA's Swift satellite on June 3rd, lasted for less than two-tenths of a second.
Although the gamma rays disappeared quickly, GRB 130603B also displayed a slowly fading glow dominated by infrared light. Its brightness and behavior didn't match a typical "afterglow," which is created when a high-speed jet of particles slams into the surrounding environment.
Instead, the glow behaved like it came from exotic radioactive elements. The neutron-rich material ejected by colliding neutron stars can generate such elements, which then undergo radioactive decay, emitting a glow that's dominated by infrared light - exactly what the team observed.
"We've been looking for a 'smoking gun' to link a short gamma-ray burst with a neutron star collision. The radioactive glow from GRB 130603B may be that smoking gun," explains Wen-fai Fong, a graduate student at the CfA and a co-author of the paper.
The team calculates that about one-hundredth of a solar mass of material was ejected by the gamma-ray burst, some of which was gold. By combining the estimated gold produced by a single short GRB with the number of such explosions that have occurred over the age of the universe, all the gold in the cosmos might have come from gamma-ray bursts.
"To paraphrase Carl Sagan, we are all star stuff, and our jewelry is colliding-star stuff," says Berger.
The replacement of a damaged cooling pump means a third repair spacewalk will not have to be conducted
Astronauts have completed an eventful Christmas Eve spacewalk during which they replaced a critically damaged coolant pump module aboard the International Space Station.
Nasa's mission managers are hopeful that the seemingly successful installation of the new pump has restored the orbiting outpost to full working condition ahead of schedule, negating the need for what would have been a third repair spacewalk in the coming days.
Tuesday's “extra-vehicular activity” (EVA), which was only the second time in the agency's history that astronauts had ventured outside at Christmas, ran into early problems when "a mini blizzard" of toxic ammonia flakes burst from a leaking supply line, flecking the spacesuits of the men conducting the repair. Nasa spokesman Rob Navias said that the length of the spacewalk meant that the astronauts were exposed to the sun for enough time to "bake out" the ammonia from the suits without the need for further decontamination procedures. It was, he added, "a special sleigh ride on this Christmas Eve."
The spacewalk and repair was conducted by two Americans, Rick Mastracchio and Mike Hopkins, who'd also partnered on Saturday for a five-and-a-half hour EVA during which they removed the failed pump and prepared the area for the replacement's installation. As he returned to the space station on Tuesday, he thanked the ground crew in Houston: "Merry Christmas to everybody. It took a couple of licks to get her done, but we got it," he said.
Doug Wheelock, a former ISS astronaut who was co-ordinating the spacewalk from Houston, told Mastracchio and Hopkins that they could now enjoy a day off and a peaceful holiday with their four space station crewmates. "This is the best Christmas ever. Thanks guys," he said.
The repairs to the space station's cooling systems became necessary when one of its two coolant pumps failed on December 11, leaving only one to send ammonia through two complex cooling loops.
Although Nasa insisted that the ISS' crew was never in danger, all non-essential equipment was turned off to prevent overheating, and the station's science experiments ground to a halt. Engineers decided that the problem with the pump – a faulty valve – could not be repaired and declared that the entire module, which is the size of a refrigerator, needed to be replaced.
Hopkins and Mastracchio conducted a number of start-up procedures on the new unit after its installation today to confirm it was in working order. The repair included hooking up four fluid lines to the pump.
"Houston, you've got yourself a new pump module," Mastracchio said as the final ammonia line was opened. He'd earlier likened the removal of the new pump from its storage bay to "Christmas morning [and] opening up a little present."
This was the 10th spacewalk from the ISS this year. Russian cosmonauts Oleg Kotov and Sergey Ryazanskiy will undertake another on Friday in order to install two hi-fidelity cameras that will provide improved imagery of Earth on the outside of the ISS.
The only other Christmas Eve EVA in spaceflight history was in 1999 when astronauts Steve Smith and John Grunsfeld conducted repairs to the Hubble space telescope during a space shuttle mission.
Tuesday's repair had been delayed a day to resize a spare spacesuit for Mastracchio. Engineers suspected water might have entered the suit he wore on Saturday, although that issue was unrelated to an incident in July in which Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano's helmet filled up with liquid during a spacewalk and almost drowned him. Navias said both spacewalkers' suits remained "bone dry" on Tuesday.
After the Parmitano episode, the suits' helmets were modified with safety upgrades, including absorbent pads and an improvised snorkel.
On December 24, 1968, during a live Christmas Eve broadcast from orbit around the Moon, Apollo 8 astronauts shared a spectacular image of Earth rising on the lunar horizon. The image, known as Earthrise, offered us one of the first views of our planet as it appears from deep space. The photograph has become one of the most recognizable views of our home and is often credited with inspiring the nascent environmental movement to become a political force.
Forty-seven years later, a spacecraft orbiting the Moon has captured a new view (above) that is reminiscent of the 1968 image. The image is composite made from a series of images taken by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera (LROC) on October 12, 2015. When it was acquiring the images, the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter was about 83 miles (134 kilometers) above Compton crater on the Moon's far side. In this view, the center of Earth's disk is 4.04 degrees North, 12.44 degrees West, just off the coast of Liberia. The large tan area in the upper right is the Sahara Desert and Saudi Arabia. The Atlantic coast of South America is visible to the west.
Although LRO experiences twelve earthrises every day, the spacecraft is usually focused on the lunar surface. When LROC captured this view, the camera was pointed off into space in order to make observations of the lunar atmosphere and to perform instrument calibration. Earth passed through the camera's field of view at the time, making an earthrise image possible.
Capturing an attractive and realistic image of the Earth and Moon in one scene with the LROC is not simple. Since the spacecraft, Earth, and the Moon are all in motion, LROC's science team had to do some special processing. The LROC's high-resolution Narrow Angle Camera only takes black-and-white images, so the team also had to merge NAC observations with color information from LROC's lower-resolution Wide Angle Camera to produce the image above.
In addition to sharpening Earth and adding color from the WAC, the LRO team made some adjustments to the contrast to accentuate details on the lunar surface. In the strip of images directly above, the Earth and Moon have the same contrast stretch in the image on the left. In the center image, the brightness of the Moon has been increased relative to the Earth. In the image on the right, color from the WAC has been overlain on Earth.
Note that the colors of Earth from the WAC are only approximately what an astronaut would see from the Moon because the human eye is fully sensitive to all colors across the visible wavelength range, whereas the WAC sees through a set of narrow band filters. The color of Earth here combines the 604 nm (orange), 556 nm (yellow-green), and 415 nm (violet) bands displayed in red, green, and blue, respectively.
During their live Christmas Eve broadcast in 1968, NASA astronauts Frank Borman, Jim Lovell, and William Anders took turns reading from the Book of Genesis after showing off new imagery of the Earth and Moon. They finished the broadcast with a holiday wish from Borman: “We close with good night, good luck, a Merry Christmas, and God bless all of you—all of you on the good Earth.”
Image by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera science team. Caption by Adam Voiland, with information from the NASA Office of Communications and Arizona State University.
One of the most important records ever made, John Coltrane's A Love Supreme was his pinnacle studio outing, that at once compiled all of the innovations from his past, spoke to the current of deep spirituality that liberated him from addictions to drugs and alcohol, and glimpsed at the future innovations of his final two and a half years. Recorded over two days in December 1964, Trane's classic quartet--Elvin Jones, McCoy Tyner, and Jimmy Garrison-- stepped into the studio and created one of the most thought-provoking, concise, and technically pleasing albums of their bountiful relationship. From the undulatory (and classic) bassline at the intro to the last breathy notes, Trane is at the peak of his logical and emotionally varied soloing, while the rest of the group is completely atttuned to his spiritual vibe. Composed of four parts, each has a thematic progression. "Acknowledgement" is the awakening to a spiritual life from the darkness of the world; it trails off with the saxophonist chanting the suite's title. "Resolution" is an amazingly beautiful, somewhat turbulent segment. It portrays the dedication required for discovery on the path toward spiritual understanding. "Pursuance" searches deeply for that experience, while "Psalm" portrays that discovery and the realization of enlightenment with humility. Although sometimes aggressive and dissonant, this isn't Coltrane at his most furious or adventurous. His recordings following this period--studio and live-- become progressively untethered and extremely spirited. A Love Supreme not only attempts but realizes the ambitious undertaking of Coltrane's concept; his emotional, searching, sometimes prayerful journey is made abundantly clear. Clocking in at 33 minutes; A Love Supreme conveys much without overstatement. It is almost impossible to imagine any jazz collection without it.
it's been long since I showed anything, because I was travelling and had no time for computer and internet. In fact there are many new amazing drawings and I want them to become big colorful pictures, but it needs time. Maybe I'll show some of these drawings too.And now - the one started not digitally with mixed media, but neither scan nor photo could show its real bright colors, so I painted over the scan digitally in Photoshop. I couldn't expect I'd work on it so much, so I painted over small copy and it's not big enough now for large print. But it's great anywayI'm working now on some other digital pieces too. I'll show them as soon as they're finished. And this one is good inspiration for continue working on them.Much Love for you all!Enjoy
Sterling has slipped back to near 31-year lows after a wider market recovery earlier helped it make modest gains.
The pound fell 0.13% against the dollar to $1.2914 after having earlier risen above $1.30.
The gains for sterling - which is still 0.3% higher against the euro - had come in tandem with widespread increases on European stock markets.
London's FTSE 100 share index rose more than 1% on Thursday to 6,534, although trading on Wall Street has been choppy.
The FTSE 250 of mid-cap UK firms finished 1.5% higher, while stocks in Paris, Frankfurt and Madrid made modest gains.
In the US, trading was muted. The Dow Jones index dipped 0.1% to 17,895.88 but the Nasdaq edged 0.4% higher to close at 4,876.81.
In other developments:
The OECD warned the UK's decision to leave the EU could result in a 3% loss of economic output by 2020.
Minutes from the European Central Bank's meeting in early June showed it felt the impact from Brexit could be "significant" and have "negative spillovers" for the eurozone.
Italian bank shares continued to oscillate over concerns the banks do not have enough reserves to handle $389bn (£300bn; €350bn) of bad loans.
Rate cut
"Europe's markets have enjoyed a much better time of it today with the FTSE 100 once again outperforming due to a rebound in some of the bigger fallers over the past few days," said Michael Hewson of CMC Markets.
Banks and building stocks, which have been hit hard by the EU referendum result, were among the big winners on the FTSE.
Provident Financial rose 8% and RBS gained 6.5%, while house builder Taylor Wimpey shares increased 5.4%.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Investors are betting Bank of England governor Mark Carney and his team will cut interest rates from 0.5% on 14 July
Bank fears
Despite a sharp sell-off after the Brexit vote, the FTSE 100 is up more than 3% since its close on 23 June. However, it is down around 10% in dollar terms as the slump in sterling has reduced the dollar value of the market.
Sterling has fallen 13% from the high of $1.50 seen before the referendum result - when investors bet heavily on a win for Remain - to lows not seen since 1985.
While there were some tentative signs of recovery in riskier assets on Thursday, investors were still on edge over the fallout from the Brexit vote which helped extend a rally in gold prices.
The precious metal is trading near its highest price in more than two years. Gold tends to perform well when investors are worried about the performance of riskier assets like equities.
Image copyright PA
Retail
In a busy company announcement session, shares in Marks and Spencer finished 1.6% higher, having earlier been among the biggest fallers after it reported a steep fall in sales.
AB Foods, owners of Primark, saw shares rise 8.9% to be the biggest gainer on the FTSE.
The firm said it was sticking to plans to expand its Primark chain across Europe and the US, and was optimistic about continued growth despite uncertainty created by the Brexit vote.
Sports Direct shares rose 1.8% despite bad publicity about the retailer's working conditions prompting a heavy fall in annual profits.
Fed cautious
Late on Wednesday, the latest Federal Reserve minutes were released, showing that prospects of an interest rate hike have diminished.
This soothed investors who had feared that a rise in interest rates may hinder prospects for economic growth.
The US central bank's last meeting in June took place before the UK's EU referendum.
However, policymakers were concerned the vote would heighten global market uncertainty and potentially hurt the US economic outlook.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 24, 2017, 10:53 AM GMT / Updated Nov. 24, 2017, 6:29 PM GMT By Wajahat S. Khan
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — Pakistani authorities released the alleged mastermind of the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks from house arrest, but he still has a $10 million U.S. bounty on his head.
Hafiz Saeed, whose arrest in January was seen as a signal of a broader shift in Pakistan's treatment of extremists, was freed before dawn Friday local time in the city of Lahore, according to Hafiz Abdul Rauf, a spokesman for the Islamist cleric's charity.
"I'm happy that no allegation against me was proved, which could have done damage to me, or my country's interests," Saeed later told supporters. "Thank God, we were vindicated."
Hafiz Saeed waves to supporters outside a court in Lahore. Rahat Dar / EPA
Saeed ran the Jamaat-Ud-Dawa organization (Party of the Faith), which is thought to be a front for the Lashkar-e-Tayyaba militant group. India believes that Lashkar-e-Tayyaba was behind the deadly attack in Mumbai.
Pakistan has been detaining and freeing Saeed off and on since the attacks left 166 dead, including several Americans.
His release came after a panel of judges dismissed a government request to continue his house arrest, which ended Thursday. Four aides had already been released.
The government's decision to place Saeed under house arrest in January was driven in part by President Donald Trump's arrival on the world stage as well as pressure from China, according to military insiders, and his release prompted a sharply worded statement from the State Department.
The United States is "deeply concerned" about Saeed's release, given that Lashkar-e-Tayyaba is "responsible for the death of hundreds of innocent civilians in terrorist attacks, including a number of American citizens," the statement said. "The Pakistani government should make sure that he is arrested and charged for his crimes."
India's External Affairs Ministry also condemned the release, and said in a statement that a "self-confessed and U.N. proscribed terrorist was being allowed to walk free and continue with his evil agenda."
"He was not only the mastermind, he was the prime organizer of the Mumbai terror attacks in which many innocent Indians and many people from other nationalities were killed," spokesman Raveesh Kumar said in a statement.
Indian soldiers battle militants near the Taj Mahal hotel in Mumbai on Nov. 29, 2008. Desmond Boylan / Reuters file
Kumar said Saeed's "release confirms once again the lack of seriousness on the part of Pakistani government in bringing to justice perpetrators of heinous acts of terrorism."
Like much of Pakistan's establishment, Saeed was virulently anti-India and campaigned against New Delhi's occupation of the disputed territory of Kashmir for years.
Often a guest on conservative television talks shows, the popular jihadist still attracts large crowds with his anti-American and anti-Indian diatribes in rallies and protests.
Even though Pakistan has been involved in extensive counterterror and counterinsurgency operations against al Qaeda, the Pakistani Taliban and the Islamic State — the military says it has lost more than 7,000 soldiers battling terrorists since Sept. 11, 2001 — it is often blamed for selectively harboring certain other militant groups.
These include elements of the deadly Haqqani network in Afghanistan, the leadership of the Afghan Taliban, as well as Lashkar-e-Tayyaba.
Saeed's release could once again sour U.S. relations with nuclear-armed Islamabad, which had seen an apparent improvement in relations after the rescue by Pakistan's military of the American hostage Caitlan Coleman and her family on Oct. 13.
"This is a positive moment for our country's relationship with Pakistan," Trump said in a statement after Coleman was freed. "The Pakistani government's cooperation is a sign that it is honoring America's wishes for it to do more to provide security in the region."
Ties between Islamabad and Washington had deteriorated during Trump's first months in office.
In August, he warned that Pakistan had “much to lose” if it failed to cooperate with the U.S. in neighboring Afghanistan. He also expressed a desire to see India — Pakistan's archrival — become an active stakeholder in stabilizing Afghanistan.
Before becoming president, Trump criticized Pakistan and said in a tweet: "Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. We've given them billions and billions of dollars, and what did we get? Betrayal and disrespect—and much worse. #TimeToGetTough"
For years, the Pakistanis have been blamed by the U.S. for not doing enough in their counterterrorism efforts to end the Afghan war — the longest military engagement in America's history. Islamabad has rejected the criticism, saying it has also suffered being an ally of Washington in the war against terror.
To celebrate this blog getting 25,000 hits, I decided to try to make something new this weekend. In fact, it turned into a very busy weekend for the blender, as I made Frozen Mocha Frappuccino, peanut butter and chocolate milk shakes on Saturday, and Falafels (new!) with Yogurt Herb Sauce (new!) and Black Bean Burger Patties (also new!) on Sunday. But while those three will also all see their recipes shared in the near future, the recipe that really pleasantly surprised me tonight was something I tried on a whim that worked out really well.
After picking up a whole bag of lemons for a recipe that only needed one (Yogurt Herb Sauce for my Falafels), I decided to try to make a lemonade similar to the Newman's Own diet lemonade that we get. It's really good, and it's made with real sugar and stevia as it's sweeteners. That mix of sweeteners works really well in the lemonade, which is what got me to try it in my own creation.
Homemade Grown-up Polar Cup (★★★★★)
I don't know whether to describe this as a loose italian ice, thick frozen beverage or what polar cups would taste like if they were made for adults instead of kids, but it is all of those things, and it is very good.
2 lemons (both zest and juice)
stevia
sugar
ice/water
Use a bread knife or other serrated knife to take just the outermost layer of the lemon rind, putting the zest into the blender. Squeeze the juice from both lemons into the blender, taking care not to allow any seeds into the blender. Add three packets of stevia sweetener and an equal amount of sugar. (four if the lemons are large) Add a glass of ice and blend until the mixture is too icy to blend. Add a bit of ice and water for the desired consistency, and additional sweetener to taste. Pulse blend on high with the tamper to insure no ice chunks remain.
Very simple to make, very good. The zest is the difference, as I've definitely done variations of this before with just lemon juice, and it does not have the same level of flavor that the addition of zest gives it. I've got three more lemons in the fridge and will probably be making this again this week.
Advertisements
YORKSHIRE supermarket giant Morrisons is to open its first store in York city centre, it has announced.
The firm is to open in the former Game shop in Spurriergate, which more recently housed ill-fated camera chain Jessops.
The company says the move will create 15 to 20 jobs and the shop, branded as M-local, should be open by the end of the summer. A spokeswoman said it would focus particularly on fresh produce.
Morrisons is rapidly expanding its position in the convenience store sector and has bought dozens of stores in recent months from failed chains Blockbuster, HMV and Jessops.
The company reported a drop in sales over Christmas but is offering a £500 bonus to any employee who suggests a site that becomes a new M-local. It is keen to compete with Tesco and Sainsbury's, each of which already have several branches in York.
The Morrisons spokeswoman said: “The new store will give more space to fresh food such as fruit and vegetables, fish, meat and bakery products than other convenience stores.”
She said around half of the shop could be allocated to fresh produce, including fresh coffee, baked goods and a salad bar, sand said: “We hope these stores will create footfall and bring the bustle back to the high street.”
City council leader James Alexander welcomed the announcement, but greengrocers on Newgate Market in York said they feared they could suffer.
Paula Hind, who runs a stall, said on hearing the news: “It's ridiculous. It's taking our trade away.”
John Cartwright, who works on her stall, said: “Haven't we got enough competition already, with three little Tescos and a Sainsbury in the centre and a big Morrisons just down the road? We don't want any more competition.”
Coun Alexander said: “It's good to see another big retail brand with plans to move into the York, bringing an empty shop into use and increasing the city's offer to residents and visitors.
"Morrisons is not only flying the flag for Yorkshire companies, but will increase investor confidence in the city and encourage more brands to relocate and expand in York.”
Gordon Mowat, Morrisons managing director for convenience stores, recently said 2013 would be a big year for M-local, as the firm looked to expand rapidly.
3D printers are getting cooler every day, but there's one component integral to 3D printing that normally gets overlooked – that is, until you have to pay for it. As many 3D hobbyists have no doubt discovered, the one time cost of the printer can be quickly dwarfed by feeding it spool after spool of raw plastic. At $40 or more per spool, an avid hobbyist can see his or her enthusiasm rapidly diminished.
Maybe Filabot won't revolutionize how 3D printing is done, but how often it is done.
Filabot is a 3D plastic extrusion system that takes all kinds of recyclable plastic – milk jugs, soda, detergent and shampoo bottles – and turns them into raw material for 3D printing creativity. Launched as a Kickstarter campaign, Filabot raised three times its $10,000 goal. Its creator, Tyler McNaney, plans on launching in the near future.
Not only will your household recyclables now appear as treasure troves of cheap and virtually endless supply of 3D printing plastic, all those projects that didn't print right, cracked, or just didn't turn out the way you thought it would, can now be given a second chance at greatness.
The way Filabot works is pretty straightforward. It's fed pieces of plastic up to 4 inches in diameter, which are then ground down to smaller pieces and are squeezed through a heated barrel that melts the plastic down. The molten plastic is then extruded out through interchangeable nozzles – 3mm or 1.75mm in diameter – to produce the plastic filament. The filament is then shaped to the right size for printing as it is pressed between a pair of grooved barrels. Finally, a cutter corrects any shape irregularities that might've made it past the barrels.
Watch one of the early prototypes in action in the following video.
Filabot can process thermoplastics such as HDPE, LDPE, ABS, and NYLON, and there are plans in place to process more types in the future. It doesn't process PVC because of toxicity risks.
McNaney told me in an email that they plan on launching Filabot as soon as they've finished getting out all of their Kickstarter rewards. When they do their flagship model, the Filabot Reclaimer, will be available on the company's website. The Filabot was priced at $350 (unassembled) for the Kickstarter campaign. Depending on how much you use your 3D printer, it could pay for itself in no time.
Kontron's first AMD SoC-based COM Express module is a Type 6 Compact design, with a 2GHz quad-core “Steppe Eagle” G-Series SoC, plus up to 64GB eMMC flash.
Kontron offers many different computer-on-modules using processors from a variety of vendors, but when it comes to x86 system-on-chips (SoCs), the company has remained an Intel house. Now, Kontron has launched its first AMD G-Series SoC-based COM with the COMe-cSE6, which uses the COM Express Type 6 Compact (95 x 95mm) form factor. The company is diving into AMD G-Series SoCs with style, as three of the five supported G-Series SoCs used on this new COM have yet to be announced by AMD.
COMe-cSE6 front (left) and rear views
(click images to enlarge)
AMD's quad-core, 2GHz GX-424CC and dual-core, 1.2GHz GX-212JC “Steppe Eagle” G-Series SoCs both debuted this summer, but the other three Steppe Eagle options appear to be new. The quad-core GX-414HC runs to just 1.2GHz, and has a low 7W TDP compared to the 25W GX-424CC. The dual-core GX-222GC and GX-208JC run to 2.2GHz (15W) and 800MHz (6W), respectively.
The Linux-ready COMe-cSE6 is designed for low-power, yet performance-intensive, multi-touch display systems, says Kontron. Examples are said to include digital signage, point-of-sale, and surveillance and security systems, as well as HMIs in automation or medical image processing. The module is also suitable for industrial tablet PCs in logistics, retail, or production, says the company. Other Type 6 Compact modules with G-Series Steppe Eagle SoCs include Hectronic's H6066.
The COMe-cSE6 supports up to 16GB of DDR3L, and offers optional onboard eMMC flash at up to 32GB (SLC) or up to 64GB (MLC). Two SATA interfaces are also available.
COMe-cSE6 block diagram
(click image to enlarge)
Three independent display ports can be active at once, including two DP++ (DisplayPort, HDMI, DVI) interfaces, and either a third DP++ or a dual-channel 18/24-bit LVDS interface. A VGA port is also available.
The COMe-cSE6 provides a gigabit Ethernet port, and I/O signals including two USB 3.0, six USB 2.0, two serial, and HD audio. Additionally I/O includes Fast I2C, SPI, LPC, and SMB. Three PCIe x1 interfaces are available along with four more via a PEG interface.
The COMe-cSE6 features a wide 4.75V to 20V power range. The module has a 0 to 60°C temperature range except for the COMe-cSEi6 model with the 800MHz GX-208JC SoC, which features industrial -40 to 85°C support.
Summary of COMe-cSE6 specs
Specifications listed for the COMe-cSE6 include:
Processor — AMD Embedded G-Series (“Steppe Eagle”) options, with AMD Radeon HD 8000 graphics: GX-424CC (4x x86 cores @ 2GHz) with 25W TDP GX-414HC (4x x86 cores @ 1.2GHz) with 7W TDP GX-222GC (2x x86 cores @ 2.2GHz) with 15W TDP GX-212JC (2x x86 cores @ 1.2GHz) with 6W TDP GX-208JC (on COMe-cSEi6 model) — (2x x86 cores @ 800MHz) with 6W TDP
Memory/storage: up to 16GB DDR3L-1333/1600 RAM via 2x SODIMMs 2 to 64GB eMMC flash 2x SATA 6Gbps
Display: Dual-channel 18/24-bit LVDS 2x DDI/DP++ (DisplayPort, HDMI, DVI) with 1x multiplexed with LVDS VGA
Networking — gigabit Ethernet controller (Intel I210IT)
Other I/O: 2x USB 3.0 8x USB 2.0 2x serial (RX/TX only) Fast I2C, SPI, LPC, SMB HD audio codec
Expansion — 3x PCIe x1; 4x PCIe on PEG; optional additional PCIe x1 in place of GbE
Other features – Watchdog; RTC; “MARS”; 10-year support
Power — 4.75V to 20V; ACPI, S5 Eco
Operating temperature — 0 to 60°C except COMe-cSEi6 model with GX-208JC which supports -40 to 85°C
Dimensions — 95 x 95mm (COM Express Compact Type 6)
Operating system — Linux, Windows Embedded 8, WES7, Windows 7
Further information
Samples of the COMe-cSE6 will be available at the end of December. More information may be found at the COMe-cSE6 product page.
WATERLOO, ONT.—Former Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield, who gained a global audience with his musical performances in space, will be taking on a new job as professor of aviation at the University of Waterloo. The university says Hadfield's first task on campus will be assisting research into why some astronauts get fainting spells when they return to Earth — knowledge it says will also be useful for elderly people prone to falling.
Astronaut Chris Hadfield addressed an audience at the University of Waterloo from the International Space Station in February. Hadfield will soon take up duties as a professor of aviation at the university. ( UNIVERSITY OF WATERLOO )
The school on Tuesday announced the appointment of the guitar-playing ex-astronaut, who retired in July shortly after getting back from five months on the International Space Station. During the mission, Hadfield became the first Canadian commander of the space station and performed more than 130 science experiments. He also earned millions of Earth-bound fans through social media with his dramatic photos, tweets and a slightly reworded cover of David Bowie's “Space Oddity” that became a popular YouTube video.
Article Continued Below
It was believed to be the first music video made in space, according to NASA. The university says Hadfield's first public appearance at the school will be at a special guest lecture Dec. 3. It expects he will take on some teaching and advising duties in aviation and similar programs beginning in the fall 2014. The university says Hadfield, 54, has a long history in Waterloo, earning a postgraduate degree at the school and marrying his wife there, while Hadfield's eldest son was born in nearby Kitchener. Hadfield had a 21-year career as an astronaut and his recent journey on the International Space Station was his third trip to outer space.
He was the only Canadian to visit the Russian space station Mir in 1995, and the first Canadian to perform a spacewalk when he installed Canadarm 2 in 2001. Hadfield has called his career the culmination of “an incredible adventure” that began when he was a nine-year-old dreaming of flying in space.
Article Continued Below
Born in Sarnia, and raised on a corn farm in Milton, he became a military pilot before being selected in June 1992 as one of four new Canadian astronauts. Hadfield has been working on a book that will offer stories, lessons and experiences from his time in space. An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth is due out later this month.
Read more about:
View Caption Hide Caption Juwon Young. (Getty Images)
CORAL GABLES — Linebacker Juwon Young, who was suspended indefinitely in June, was not on the roster the Hurricanes released to the media on Thursday, the first day of camp.
Young, who would have been a junior, has not been with the team for several weeks.
(RELATED: Check out the amazing photos from the Hurricanes' first day of practice)
Coach Mark Richt is scheduled to address the media late Thursday afternoon.
Young, who played in four games as a freshman in 2014, became UM's starting middle linebacker last year at midseason, following an injury to senior Raphael Kirby. He finished with 57 tackles (three for loss), one interception and one forced fumble in 10 games.
A new name on the Hurricanes' roster: kicker Diego Marquez, a redshirt junior. He will compete to be the kickoff specialist and backup kicker behind junior Michael Badgley.
***
Be sure to check the blog daily for news, analysis, video and other goodies. You can also follow me on Twitter (@mattyports), Facebook (Post on Miami Hurricanes), Instagram (mattyports) and Snapchat (msp8888).
Welcome back, football
Facebook Live: Matt Porter pre-camp chat
Ten important storylines for Canes camp
Canes are 26th in coaches poll
Pre-camp suspension, roster, injury news and notes
In-depth position previews
Preseason stories
Spring football review
Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger (R) isn't backing away from his feud with President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE, telling Men's Journal in an interview published Monday that he wanted to "smash his face."
Last month, Trump mocked the action film star's ratings as host of "The Celebrity Apprentice," which have been well below those of the president when he hosted the NBC reality show.
“I called my assistant and said, ‘I think what we really should do is request a meeting and go back to New York,' ” Schwarzenegger said, pausing for emphasis. "And then we just smash his face into the table.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Schwarzenegger added that he ultimately tried to take the high road.
“And then I think, ‘We can't do that, either,' ” he said. "I think I have to be above all that and put him on the spot. Don't get into a stinking contest with a skunk.”
“Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got ‘swamped' or (destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT,” Trump tweeted Jan. 6.
“So much for … being a movie star – and that was season 1 compared to season 14,” added Trump, who hosted the reality television series before becoming president. "Now compare him to my season 1.
"But who cares, he supported [2016 GOP presidential candidate John] Kasich and [2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary] Clinton.”
Schwarzenegger shot back at Trump later that day, writing on Twitter that he hoped the president would “work for ALL of the American people as aggressively as you worked for ratings."
Trump and Schwarzenegger have since repeatedly traded verbal jabs, with the latter deriding several of the president's policies.
Schwarzenegger blasted Trump's temporary ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority nations, arguing it “makes us look stupid” and calling the order “hasty” and “crazy.”
The actor said in Monday's interview that he's being more dignified about the disagreement than Trump is.
“I sound more presidential and more diplomatic and more elder-statesmen,” Schwarzenegger said. "That's exactly the way Donald should be."
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will not reprimand scrum-half Mike Phillips after allegations he turned up to a video analysis session at his club Bayonne under the influence of alcohol.
Phillips and two team-mates met the Bayonne board on Tuesday to give their side of events.
"We will sit down and have a quiet chat about where his head's at," said Gatland.
"But there are not going to be any sanctions for him here in this set up."
The Wales boss says any club sanction would be a "Bayonne decision".
Gatland added: "I can only speak of the last experience that we had with him with the Lions in Australia and he conducted himself extremely well on and off the field. I'm expecting that same sort of attitude when he's involved in this campaign.
"Obviously there are slight concerns about making sure this is something that is not repeated."
The alleged incident occurred the day after their 37-6 Amlin Challenge Cup win over Grenoble on Thursday, 10 October.
Bayonne confirmed a board meeting had taken place but they refused to reveal if any action had been taken against all three players.
The statement said: "Having met on Tuesday the players Stephen Brett, Mike Phillips and Dwayne Haare, the board of the Aviron Bayonnais Rugby Pro do not intend to communicate on the recent facts such as reported by the press.
"All the components of the club are turned to the next games to begin with the reception of Montpellier on Friday evening at the stadium Jean-Dauger."
The 31-year-old British and Irish Lions number nine was suspended by the club in 2012 for off-field misconduct.
Phillips was also suspended from the Wales squad in July 2011 following an incident in Cardiff city centre when he was involved in a confrontation with a doorman.
The 77-times capped former Scarlets, Cardiff Blues and Ospreys player joined Bayonne following the World Cup in the autumn of 2011.
He was a key member of the Lions team that beat Australia 2-1 in the Test series last summer, setting up the opening try for Alex Corbisiero in the decisive third Test match victory in Sydney.
He has also won two Six Nations Grand Slams with Wales in 2008 and 2012.
New Zealanders Wayne Haare and Stephen Brett are the other players who will have to explain their actions to Bayonne board.
Deep problems in Europe's carbon trading scheme – its flagship climate change policy – are set to cancel out over 700m tonnes of emissions saved through renewable energy and energy efficiency efforts, according to a new report.
The study, by carbon trading thinktank Sandbag, found that a huge oversupply of carbon pollution permits means many are being banked to enable emissions after 2020, when efforts to tackle global warming should be intensifying. These emissions, nearly equivalent to Germany's annual carbon pollution, will cancel out efforts made in other areas to cut carbon.
The report also warns that Europe's emissions trading scheme (ETS) is a "global dumping ground" for "dubious" carbon permits created by projects around the world.
"As we have been saying every year, for the last five years, the ETS is in dire need of rescue," said Baroness Bryony Worthington, Sandbag's founding director. "The patience of civil society and low carbon investors is wearing thin. It is time to get a grip."
The ETS was intended to achieve carbon cuts in Europe at the lowest cost, by allowing industry to trade pollution permits and thereby ensure the cheapest cuts were made first. But the global recession after 2008 caused a crash in production, meaning there is a now huge oversupply of permits.
The European parliament will vote on 3 July on whether to "backload" (delay the issuing of) some new permits, but a similar proposal was defeated in April. Sandbag argues many permits must be removed entirely. The price of carbon permits on Tuesday was €4.13, far below the €30 analysts say is needed to be effective in cutting carbon.
"Europe could potentially justify banking the slack in its carbon budgets if it was pulling its weight in climate change, but it is currently very far from doing so," said report author Damien Morris, adding that the EU is not on track to meet its long-term carbon cuts.
Sandbag's report was criticised by Gareth Stace, head of climate and environment policy at EEF, the manufacturer's organisation. "To suggest that the deep- and long-running recession, in sectors such as steel, has undermined the ambition of the European trading scheme is naive and short sighted. In the short and medium term, the ETS is achieving its goal." He said technology to cut carbon in industry, when developed, would be expensive.
Morris said: "Without exception, in aggregate, each manufacturing sector in the ETS is currently oversupplied with free allowances, and manufacturing sectors are likely to accrue even more allowances up to 2020."
The Sandbag report also found that 1.1bn tonnes of carbon in the ETS were offset by permits from outside Europe between 2008-2012, partly due to a rush to dump permits before some types were banned in 2013. "Europe finds itself the dumping ground for the most dubious offsets projects," said Morris.
The report found 95% of the offset permits were from schemes, like the destruction of some HFC gases in China, than have since been banned from the ETS due to what Connie Hedegaard, European commissioner for Climate Action, called a "total lack of environmental integrity".
On the new report, Hedegaard's spokesman said: "The ETS's relevance as provider of incentives [to cut carbon] is threatened. We hope that the European parliament and national governments will approve backloading." He also sounded a warning to industry: "Let me be very clear: the alternative to a well-functioning carbon market is a patchwork of national regulations, instead of a common European policy that creates a level playing field for businesses."
Scoring hearth loaves made with high hydration doughs is a challenge. Expressions of frustration with this in TFL postings are not rare. Much good advice regarding how to accomplish nice scoring of wet, sticky dough has been offered, but it is scattered. So, I thought I would share my own advice on this subject in one place.
These two bâtards are San Joaquin Sourdoughs. (For the formula and procedures, please see San Joaquin Sourdough: Update. Today's bake was different only in that I used just 100 g of 100% hydration starter.) The effective hydration of this dough is 74.5%. It is a sticky dough and a good test of one's shaping and scoring abilities. Yet, as you can see, it is possible to get nicely shaped loaves from this dough with cuts that bloom nicely and form impressive ears.
The key points in achieving this are the following:
A Key Point
Gluten must be well-developed by mixing and fermentation. Good dough “strength” is important for crumb structure, but also for successful shaping. It is even more critical in wet doughs, because these tend to spread out and form flat loaves if their shape is not supported by a good, strong sheath of gluten. Pre-shaping and shaping can add to dough strength through additional stretching of the dough in the process of forming the loaves. A wet dough like this needs to be tightly shaped. This is a challenge, because it also has to be handled gently. Rough handling will result in excessive de-gassing and a dense loaf. It will also tend to make the dough stick to your hands more. When it sticks, it tears and makes weak spots in the loaf surface which are likely to burst during oven spring. The goal is to form the tight gluten sheath by stretching the dough and sealing the seams while avoiding downward pressure on the dough pieces being shaped. “An iron hand in a velvet glove.” Dough sticking to your hands can be decreased by lightly flouring your hands, wetting them or oiling them. However, the most helpful trick is to touch the dough lightly and as briefly as possible each time. The loaves need to have lateral support during proofing. This is to prevent them from spreading out. Support can be provided by a banneton (proofing basket) or on baker's linen or parchment, where folds in the couche material, sometimes reinforced with rolled up towels or the like under the material, provide the support. (I suppose the “ultimate support” is provided by a loaf pan.) The ideal material to support proofing loaves is absorbent. Baker's linen, cloth-lined bannetons and floured, coiled cane brotformen all absorb some moisture from the surface of the loaves in contact with them. This makes that surface a bit less sticky and easier to score without the cut edges sticking to the blade excessively. (I do not want the loaf surface so dry it forms a “skin.”) I like to proof loaves with the surface I am going to score on the absorbent material. This means baguettes and bâtards are proofed smooth side down (seam side up). Note that baking parchment is not absorbent, so, while advantageous for other reasons, it is not ideal for this purpose. Loaves should not be over-proofed. A greatly over-proofed loaf may actually collapse and deflate when scored. Short of that, it will still have less oven spring and bloom. This is a relatively greater problem with high-hydration doughs which are more delicate to start with. I find the “poke test” as reliable as any other criterion for when a loaf is ready to bake. However, it is not quite as reliable with very wet doughs. Neither is the degree of dough expansion. You just have to learn through experience with each formula when it is perfectly proofed. Loaves should be scored immediately after transferring to a peel and immediately before loading in the oven. Letting high-hydration doughs sit too long on the peel is asking them to spread out, especially if they have been scored ,which disrupts the supportive gluten sheath. The wetter the dough, the shallower the cuts. This is not as critical for boules, but, for long loaves like baguettes and bâtards, if you want good bloom, and especially if you want good ear formation, The cuts need to be very shallow (about 1/4 inch deep) and at an acute angle (30-45 degrees). A deeper cut creates a heavy flap that will collapse of its own weight and seal over, rather than lifting up to form an ear as the cut blooms open. The cuts made on the loaves pictured here were barely perceptible on the unbaked loaf surface. Resist the temptation to re-cut! Minimize dough sticking to the blade and getting dragged, forming a ragged cut. The cuts need to be made swiftly and smoothly, without hesitation. A thin, extremely sharp blade is best. Some find serrated blades work well for them. I find a razor blade on a bendable metal handle works best for me. The cuts are made with the forward end of the blade only, not the whole length. Some find oiling or wetting the blade lessens sticking. I have not found this necessary. Humidify the oven with steam during the first part of the bake. This delays firming up of the crust which would restrict the loaf from expanding (oven spring) and the cuts from opening (bloom).
Most of these points apply to scoring in general. I have indicated where there are differences or special considerations applying to high-hydration doughs.
Finally, a mini-glossary:
Scoring refers to the cuts made on the surface of the loaf prior to baking. The primary purpose of scoring is to create an artificial weak spot and direct expansion of the loaf to it so the loaf doesn't burst at some random point. Secondarily, the scoring pattern influences the final shape of the loaf. And lastly, the pattern of cuts can be decorative and, if unique, can serve as a “signature” for the baker.
Oven spring is the expansion of the loaf when exposed to oven heat.
Bloom refers to the opening up of the scoring cuts during oven spring. The French term for this is grigne.
Ear, when pertaining to bread, is a flap of crust that separates from the surface during oven spring and bloom.
For additional information regarding scoring and a more basic introduction to this topic, please see The Scoring Tutorial Also, excellent examples of shaping and scoring can be found in videos on youtube.com, particularly those made by Ciril Hitz, and on the King Arthur Flour web site. I have not found any that address the peculiar challenges presented by higher-hydration doughs, however.
Happy baking!
David
Facebook announced on Friday the controversial decision to support the CISPA bill, denying that the pending cyber-security law would be used to share details of its users.
Whilst the support of the Cyber Intelligence and Protect Act (CISPA) HR 3523 has been strong with many businesses claiming that the bill would in fact help private institutions and the government to communicate should a cyber threat occur, numerous organisations have criticised the legislation - arguing that the move would allow companies to share customer data with the government whilst ensuring the bill remains foolproof should a legal fallout take place.
A blog post on Friday published by Joel Kaplan, vice president of U.S. public policy at Facebook, explained that the bill would help protect the social networking site against any possible cyberattacks and denied that user data would be passed on to the government.
"One challenge we and other companies have had is in our ability to share information with each other about cyberattacks. When one company detects an attack, sharing information about that attack promptly with other companies can help protect those other companies and their users from being victimized by the same attack," Kaplan wrote. "Similarly, if the government learns of an intrusion or other attack, the more it can share about that attack with private companies (and the faster it can share the information), the better the protection for users and our systems."
However, many consumer actions groups remain wary about the potential consequences as its loose wording could leave itself open to interpretation - resulting in many a damaging of personal privacy.
Source: PC Mag
New Delhi: Almost half the faculty positions at the premier Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) will have to be reserved for candidates from the scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and other backward classes, officials at the human resource development (HRD) ministry said on Thursday.
The move is likely to spark another confrontation between the ministry and the elite business schools which have resisted this for eight years. Mint learns that it is also likely to be opposed by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, the ideological parent of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
The officials, who asked not to be identified, said the IIMs will have to reserve faculty positions after a Tuesday meeting between the directors and chairpersons of the 19 schools and HRD minister Prakash Javadekar. The two sides ironed out most issues in a controversial IIM bill that the schools thought would crimp their autonomy, but couldn't reach a consensus on the reservation, two of the officials told reporters on Thursday. “Nobody is above the Constitution," said one, and added that the minister has told the IIMs as much. Reservation for the underprivileged is written into the Constitution.
The two officials explained that while some research institutions are exempt from setting aside jobs for teachers from underprivileged sections of society, the IIMs are not on that list.
In fact, the first official said, Javadekar hinted at this while answering a media query in Shillong, where the meeting took place, on Tuesday.
The HRD ministry said in its statement issued on Tuesday that while “replying to one of the queries of the reporters… the minister reiterated that as far as reservations are concerned, it is the Constitution which provides for it and the government has no plans to make changes".
An IIM administrator who asked not to be identified said that the HRD “ministry expects us to implement the quota but till the time a fresh circular is issued to all the IIMs, it will be tough to implement anything".
The officials did not say when and whether the HRD ministry would communicate its decision to the IIMs.
Aurobindo Saxena, vice-president and head of education practice at consulting firm Technopak, said: “Reservation in any form is not welcome. Quotas for faculty are a step towards politicizing higher education."
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, the chairman of Biocon Ltd and current chairperson of IIM Bangalore, did not respond to a text message seeking comment. On 1 May, Hindustan Times reported her as saying: “You cannot be giving non-deserving candidates preference just because they are SC or ST". She added that “we agree a combination of meritocracy and affirmative action is the solution and if all things are equal, we would certainly give preference to a candidate from SC or ST community".
The Indian Institutes of Technology were asked to reserve faculty positions for people from underprivileged backgrounds in 2008. Although all the engineering schools protested the move, they eventually fell in line.
Abraham Foxman, longtime leader of the Anti-Defamation League, bashed Israel last night for not coming up with a peace plan and for treating American Jews and the United States with contempt. The country he has long advocated for is blind to world opinion, Foxman said; and its existence is in jeopardy now because its support base is disintegrating, and Israel isn't changing “so many things” that it should.
Foxman, 75, spoke in a forum on Israel's future at the 92nd Street Y in New York. He said that Israel treats its American Jewish supporters with disrespect:
I think we have signed up for Israel. Some—some unreservedly, others with some more reservations. I don't think Israel understands, appreciates, values, respects this partner– this side of the partner[ship]… There needs to be a lot more sensitivity and education in Israel as to the value of this community beside sending checks or in a moment of crisis, running to Congress…
Foxman went on to express great exasperation at Israel's leaders. Israel needs to “change so many things” because its existence is in jeopardy, he said; but the country has shown no sense in its dealings with the U.S., taking U.S. support for granted; and Israel's “support base” is disintegrating because it's not doing anything on the peace front.
Do we feel an existential threat to Israel? I do. I sometimes wonder why they don't see it as I see it and as Ari [Shavit] articulated it. But I think we see the existentialist threat much clearer than they do. They're so close to it. Because if they would see it, they would change so many things. Take the U.S. relationship. It's not that great, it's not perfect, but what keeps me up at night is the dependence of Israel on the United States. Now if you understand that reality, then you understand how serious and significant it is in your future, facing whatever threats, existential or not. And if that's the case, where is the sechel [Yiddish for shrewdness, sense]? Where is the smartness? Where is it to understand that you need to change that relationship, you need to find ways– and it's not happening! It's not happening! So I sometimes say, What they say and what they do–don't they see what's around them? And they talk about the danger but I don't think they're acting it. If we have time, what do we tell Israel to do? Some of us see the crisis. But we don't have any magic formula. But … if they asked me, I would say, Come up with some creative dynamic approach for peace. It doesn't mean it will happen. But that's part of the existential disintegration of the support base.
Later in the conversation, Foxman seemed to endorse Ari Shavit's endorsement of a settlement freeze “because it's smart for us to do it, regardless of whether we think it's right or wrong.” The goal was to “remove” an impediment to the U.S.-Israel relationship. A man in the large audience (500) walked out, calling it a one-sided conversation.
Asia Minor Catastrophe led to the death of thousands of people and the displacement of 1,5 million Greeks. One more crime made by Turks occurred two years later and had been unknown for years. The crime had to do with the selling of the bones of all the people who were slaughtered by Kemal's Young Turks.
According to reports, Greeks' bones were sold by Turks to French for industrial 'use'! In total, 400 tons of human bones, which means the bones of 50.000 people, were transferred to the French industries in Marseilles. In 13th December 1924, the boat with the British flag arrived in Thessaloniki, Greece. When the workers in the port were informed of the bones, they didn't allow the boat's departure. Soon, there were demonstrations in the city from shocked refugees, who asked for the seizure of the shipment.
Finally, the English Consulate intervened, and the Greek government allowed the boat to depart so that there was no conflict with the British. The newspaper 'Macedonia' that was published on 14th December 1924 confirmed the arrival of the boat in Thessaloniki but didn't mention the human bones the boat carried.
New York Times' report on the left and French Midi's report on the right.
The same month, New York Times published the news with the following headline: "An unbelievable story of a shipment with human bones." Also, the French newspaper Midi published the news, mentioning the human bones which were to be sold in Marseille.
Elias Venezis in his book Number 31328 mentions the process of collecting bones by people who were captured by Turks. When he was 18 years old, Venezis was captured with 3.000 people. He wrote the book after he returned from the East, to describe the hardships he and other captives went through after the Asia Minor Catastrophe.
In the book's prologue, he wrote: "There's nothing deeper and holier than a body in pain. This book is dedicated to this pain."
Find more about the book here, here, here, and here.
Related:
COMMERCE CITY, Colo.– A own goal and a stoppage-time penalty from Chris Wondolowski allowed the San Jose Earthquakes to emerge from Dick's Sporting Goods Park with an unlikely and thrilling 2-1 victory over the Colorado Rapids Wednesday night.
The Earthquakes netted their fourth stoppage time victory of the season thanks to the 91st minute Wondolowski penalty, just minutes after pressure from Alan Gordon forced a Hunter Freeman own goal in the 83rd.
Gordon later drew the penalty on Rapids keeper Matt Pickens' flailing dive at the ball, where the keeper appeared to catch Gordon's cleat, and US international Wondolowski made no mistake with the subsequent spot kick.
The Rapids will feel robbed for the second straight game after Brian Mullan's 18th minute header had the home side ahead for the majority of the proceedings, only for two late strikes to provide the unquestionable heartbreak for Oscar Pareja's men.
FULL LINEUPS AND BOX SCORE
Despite a nearly month-long absence in league play, the Earthquakes dominated the opening quarter hour of the match, though it wouldn't register on the scoreboard as Pickens made excellent saves on both Victor Bernardez and Simon Dawkins.
But against the run of the visitors' early dominance, it would be the Rapids who would find the back of the net in the early goings.
With right back Hunter Freeman surging down the right wing, the veteran defender crossed to an open Mullan far-post, and Mullan would make no mistake with Freeman's pinpoint service, heading to the back post to become the 11th different Rapid to score this season.
The two sides continued to trade blows, and it would Pickens who unveiled the save of his already highlight-ridden season. Steven Lenhart's point-blank header looked destined for the back of the net, but Pickens improbably got down to his right to push it out at the last second.
The Rapids had the first good chance of the second half as Edu's header nearly found top corner for the Rapids, but it would be San Jose who'd control the tempo the rest of the way.
In the 68th minute, Pickens was again called on to parry away another Dawkins effort, making yet another save to preserve the clean sheet.
Despite good looks on the other end from Jeff Larentowicz and Omar Cummings, the Rapids couldn't add to their lead and the missed chances came back to haunt the Rapids.
OPTA Chalkboard: Gordon makes an impact once again
Though Pickens denied Lenhart point-blank once again, Gordon and Freeman came crashing in at the far post, and the rebound caromed off the Rapids defender into the net.
Gordon then earned a penalty after darting behind the Rapids defense and being caught by Pickens. Wondolowski made no mistake, smashing the ball past Pickens for a league-leading 12th goal of the season.
The 6-8-1 Rapids will have ten days before they next host the Portland, while the 9-3-3 Earthquakes hop the Rocky Mountains for a highly-anticipated clash at Real Salt Lake Saturday night.
MLSsoccer.com Men of the Match
A former Conservative public safety minister says he was against giving the police more power when he was in charge of the department that's now pushing the government's lawful access legislation.
Stockwell Day, who was public safety minister from 2006 until 2008, says he thought anything police did should be accompanied by a warrant.
The current legislation, also known as online surveillance, would force internet and telecommunications service providers to hand over specific customer information to police upon request and without a warrant. It also removes any legal deterrent to them providing information police ask for, and allows inspectors designated by the minister to see any information held by the ISPs.
"People have been saying, did I say something different than other ministers have said? I did say that I don't think police should be given any more powers, that anything they do should have to accompany a judicial warrant," Day said, referring to comments he made in 2007.
"I think what we need to do is reserve judgment on [bill C-30] … because the government's made a very clear statement they're open to revision on it."
Day says it's a "big gain" that, following enormous public backlash, the government is sending the bill straight to committee for amendments.
In 2007, Day contrasted what his government was planning with lawful access legislation tabled under the previous Liberal government.
"We are not, in any way, shape or form, wanting extra powers to police to pursue items without a warrant. That is not what our purported legislation is going to be doing. That is previous Liberal legislation and that's not the path we're walking down at all," he said.
Also on HuffPost
Erik Soler still watches the Red Bulls every week.
He believes the team is on the verge of finally securing its first ever MLS Cup, and hopes that MLS continues to grow in popularity in Europe as people realize the quality of soccer played in the United States. He also wants the fans that came to every game during his time at the club and supported the team to know they have his gratitude for their loyalty and enthusiasm.
He also wants to set the record straight on some things.
Soler was Sporting Director for the Red Bulls from 2010 to 2012, during which he and head coach Hans Backe took a team that finished dead last in MLS in 2009 and brought them to the top of the Eastern Conference in 2010. Each of the three seasons that Soler was in charge the Red Bulls made the playoffs, but could never get out of the conference semifinals.
In addition, there were stories. Lots. Of. Stories.
"Media have their agendas and that is the same all over the world," Soler said in an interview with Once a Metro. "Inside the club we had a well organized management, but lack of Play-off success will always create noise. After all, it is all about winning titles."
Soler never did get that title, but he has no regrets about how he ran the team. These days, he is back in a more comfortable role, running the management consulting firm he started in 1993. A trained psychologist, Soler says his role is to "advise top-level managers specifically in turn around and change processes," in addition to recruitment and education programs for senior level managers.
After transitioning back to his old career, Soler did not leave behind the sport. He calls soccer, " central to my life for such a long time, and still is," while he maintains a management program for soccer clubs in Norway and sits on an advisory-board for a "top club" outside of his home country.
Soler told OaM that he always intended his time at the Red Bulls to be a "three to four-year project," after which he would return to Norway to spend time with his children and grandchildren. He also said the work that was done during those three years, helped build a foundation, which the organization should be proud of.
"My role was to do large changes on the sporting and business side," Soler said. "By building a more solid structure it is a fact that RBNY has qualified for every play off since 2010."
To achieve those chances Soler credited his staff with helping him learn all the rules of MLS, which he called "simply different from other leagues" worldwide.
" I managed to build a strong team around me, including Ricardo Campos that had the understanding of the implications of the salary cap since he came from a function at the MLS offices," Soler said.
One of his immediate changes was to spend to bring in high profile stars from Europe. Within the first year of taking over Soler, with the help of senior Red Bull management, brought over superstars Thierry Henry and Rafael Marquez midseason, and added Joel Lindpere and Roy Miller from clubs in Europe as well. Over the next two seasons Soler brought over Jan Gunnar Solli, Teemu Taino, Frank Rost, Luke Rogers, Markus Holgersson, Victor Palsson, Tim Cahill, Lloyd Sam, and Luis Robles from Europe.
"The stars was brought in with the cooperation of my superior at that time Didi Beiersdorfer [sporting director at Red Bull Salzburg] and was run all the way to the owner of Red Bull, so it was a part of a larger scheme," Soler said.
"Thierry is one of a kind, a real superstar and his positive influence at the club and league is well known. Rafa did not really work out for various reasons, unfortunately."
Soler also believes that Hans Backe helped turn around the Red Bulls in a way that he did not receive enough credit for. In 2010 Backe, "[got] the absolute most out of that season," which righted a team that had just suffered its worse season in MLS history. Success in the playoff may have eluded Backe, but due to the nature of MLS' knockout rounds, the "individual mistakes" Backe made cost him dearly, unfortunately.
Now, one of the most infamous incidents that reportedly happened during Soler's tenure concerns a player he believes was his most underrated signing at the club: Tim Ream.
Ream was drafted in the second round of the 2010 MLS Superdraft. Soler said of the pick that, "no other clubs had Ream on their lists at the [draft], but he was on top of mine." Ream made an immediate impact for the Red Bulls, and by the end of the 2011 season he was drawing interest from Premier League teams. During the 2011 season the Red Bulls reportedly blocked a transfer to Arsenal, and Soler tried to hand the centerback a contract extension on the team bus.
Eventually, ahead of the 2012 season Ream transferred to Bolton Wanderers, and he currently plays for Fulham in the Championship.
"Tim has had a remarkable but very well deserved career," Soler said.
"Since he still is playing in England you could only label his move as the right one. I wanted him to stay another year but had no problem understanding he wanted to move to England, all MLS players wants that move.
"Handling him a contract in the team bus? What a nice fairy tale :)"
By Kayleigh Oliver November 9, 2016
10 Tips To Start Off Well In A Junior Dev Role
As I look back on my first full year of working as a developer, I have realised a number of things that are essential to this position.
Daily, a developer needs to think mostly like a developer, but partly like a business analyst to get the reason why the business wants the new feature. You need to think partly like a product owner to understand its value of this in the team's roadmap, and partly like a tester to defensively code around the ways they will think of breaking your beautiful new feature by anticipating users' behaviour. That's before you consider all the tech skills developers need to accomplish fulfilling the tasks these different ways of thinking will bring.
These different ways of thinking and the abundance of skills are things that I didn't consider when deciding to switch careers into development. Taking all this into consideration, I thought back over my first year and came up with a short list of tips that I think will help anyone to enter as a junior developer in any industry. If you implement any of these tips below, I am positive that your first steps into a development career will be a lot less daunting, a lot more productive, and get you off to a great start.
1. Embrace debugging and improve your debugging skills
You will always need to debug no matter what level you get to. Most of a developer's job is reading code, figuring out how and why things have been made the way they have, and fixing bugs. But it can take you a longer time than most developers if you're not as experienced at reading code. And even if you are, trying to navigate archaic code or “smelly”, “unclean” code isn't a task you enjoy. Because if you're a good developer with a conscience, you know that you'll have to fix the issues in the code that you've found on top of your original task.
Practice reading code
The best way I've found to improve is to read code as often as possible. Just like any language, the more you read and write it, the more you'll improve.
2. Always be asking “How does this work?”
Delve deep into how something works the way it does. For extra credit, learn the reasons behind the technical methods that were chosen to fulfill this feature.
Diving deep
Walk through the code and see if you can understand why it works the way it does. To understand what technical techniques were used, speak to any long-standing members of your team that would know why they made those technical decisions. It may be that the methods they used are now outdated and you can suggest newer techniques that will save time, save money, or improve performance and ultimately make your company more money. This is always a big win in your favour.
3. Understand the value of your task
There's no point in spending time implementing a new feature if you don't understand why you're doing it, how it'll be used, what value it'll provide the end user, and its impact on the business itself.
Look at the bigger picture
Make sure you talk this through with your line manager about the larger value of the product you're working on. It's their job to ensure you get all the help you need in order to produce the best results.
This is usually discussed before you even start developing. But if you're unclear, make sure you ask why you're doing what you're doing. You could have a new way to approach the task that hasn't been thought of which would deliver more value.
4. Find what you enjoy and become an expert
Let's be honest. During the first year (or maybe longer) of your development career, you'll feel stupid.
The sheer amount of technology that you're supposed to be able to use competently will overwhelm you. What will keep you optimistic, even on those dark days where you feel everything is breaking and you're powerless to stop it, is finding something you enjoy.
When you enjoy something, it doesn't matter how inexperienced you are in the topic, you're just learning, so it's all fun and games. You don't expect to know everything, but you've got the confidence that you'll get there eventually.
Become the expert in this topic and make sure you share your learnings with the team.
Explore your interests
Keep a log of the different skills that you use daily. Make a short list of the ones that you enjoy, pick one and deep dive into it.
Picking a skill that you use daily means that it'll continuously be useful to you and your team. Whereas, if you pick a tool that you've only used once or twice i.e. a really cool bit of new tech to solve an edge case business problem, it may be fun, but there might not be any long-term use. So although diving deep into a specific skill is a good idea, make sure that you gain a return in the long term for the time you invest.
And picking one means you won't spread yourself thin. You can focus on building that one skill up so that you are confident using it.
5. Keep a log of your activities
I think I learned this skill from one of John's YouTube videos. Keeping a log of your activities helps you to recall what you've done and learned in your role. It also gives your manager an insight into your daily activities if you're not in regular contact.
The format of this log is up to you but remember, this log should not take time away from your actual role.
Create a template that's quick to fill in but extracts the important information for you or your manager to peruse. I would also advise that you send these logs to your manager on a weekly basis as opposed to daily.
How I do this?
I experimented with completing daily logs then compiling these into a weekly report for my manager. But in the end, this took way too much of my time. So I ended up just completing a weekly log and I email this to my manager every week.
In my template I include:
My feelings for the day
Weekly goal
Daily tasks
General daily summary
Numbers for work items
Anything unexpected
Anything I've watched, read, or attended that improves the skills I use in my role
My next week's goal
Lessons learned
6. Find out what skill or role your team lacks then throw yourself into it
Every team has their own strengths and weaknesses. Your team is no different.
If you've created a shortlist of topics you enjoy or, if you've been compiling your list of daily skills in your weekly report, you may want to figure out what skill your team is the weakest on.
How to do this?
After identifying this list, you will be able to see if the skills that you most enjoy cross with a skill that the team needs. If so, great! You can kill two birds with one stone, finding something that you enjoy and provide the team with valuable knowledge in an area.
If not, then pick the skill that you believe will give the team the most value.
Try and pick a resource or medium that you learn from easily so that the information can be absorbed quickly.
7. Keep a log of anything you do above and beyond your job in a ready to view format
In every permanent, big company role that I've had, there is always a process in place to review performance of employees.
But, when you're sitting in front of your desk looking at a document asking you what you did six months ago to contribute to the organisation, it's not surprising if your mind goes blank.
Everyone finds recalling information like this challenging. Sometimes people can't remember what they did the day before, let alone six months ago!
Compile your list in a single file
I've tried a few different ways of keeping track of my extra activities. I first tried keeping a list with pen and paper noting down the task I did and the date. I found that at this stage, you don't need to mention what the outcome was, as you're just noting it down so you don't forget all of your examples.
But, this list suddenly became quite long and random bits of paper tend to get lost or deteriorate over time. I needed a more durable and easy to edit solution. Enter Excel.
My second solution was to use Excel and use it in the same war as the pen and paper. But I found that maintaining the dates and accounting for ongoing tasks wasn't so simple in this format. So, I searched the internet and found this free timeline software. It's really simple to use, and exports to PDF.
I'm still using this piece of software now (although I'd love a Mac version).
So, what should you track?
Note down everything you do inside and outside of work that either directly contributes to your role or strengthens any other skills you're interested in.
If you're working with a backlog, you may find setting this up is a bit tedious, but have patience. Once it's done, it's done and very simple to update.
As a junior, you may feel that you're constantly learning and never gaining knowledge. But this will paint you a very different picture. After six months, looking back on your timeline will make you feel really awesome. Your confidence in your abilities will soar because the timeline clearly shows you exactly what you have achieved.
8. Make time to train yourself everyday
It's important that you keep up your skills in a software development role, because the technology in this field is ever-changing. So don't wait to be offered training by your manager –– seek it is out yourself.
Finding time even on busy days
Carving out time to learn will be another challenge. It takes a lot of discipline to stick to a training session every day. You need to make sure that you don't take on too much day-to-day work so that you'll have to skip a session. The danger of this is that once you skip one session, you'll be more likely to skip another.
To combat this, schedule this time into your calendar and set yourself as busy. This will deter anyone from contacting you during this time, remind you that your session daily will be commencing soon so you can prepare, and get you into the routine of training yourself regularly.
What do you train on if you don't have a focus?
If you don't know where you should start, you can either focus on:
skills that your team needs, or
improving your weaknesses
There are many resources online that you can use to train yourself. These range from free, online courses to paid and subscription courses like Pluralsight, Udemy, and Coursera.
Like everything you want to improve, you should do this everyday. Even if you do one coding challenge, read one page of a chapter of a book, or watch one video that will improve the way you work, it all adds up in the end.
9. Share your challenges and how you came to the solution
This is invaluable to show how you learn and solve problems. Try and share solutions with others in the same position as you, with the same problem. Sometimes learning from someone at the same level as you is far easier than learning from a senior.
How do you do this?
Try and keep this in an easy to search format, so if you find the problem you solved months ago reoccurs, you'll be able to save time searching Google for the solution.
Blogs are the easiest way to store this information (and one of the things John recommends every programmer has), because they are easily accessible by everyone.
Make sure your posts are properly tagged and are SEO optimised. Doing this in a public medium does mean you're more vulnerable to negative feedback but it also publicly builds up your authority and shows your growth to the community. So ignore the haters and keep blogging.
10. Find a mentor
Everyone knows that you learn best from making mistakes, but it can be more beneficial sometimes to bypass your mistakes altogether.
If someone else has already spent time making the same mistakes, has learned the lessons, and is willing to share their findings, wouldn't you want to skip the mistakes and go straight to the lessons learned? This is exactly how a mentor can help you.
Among other important things like guiding you in your career, you can use mentors by listening to their experiences and what they've learned.
How you should do this?
A mentor can be someone within your team or outside of it. To be honest, they don't need to be within the same field you work in. They just need to have gained the skills that you want to acquire or level you want to reach.
In some companies, pairing juniors with someone more experienced is a structured programme, so take advantage of this if you think you'll benefit.
However, for many, finding a mentor can be tough.
Being a mentor can require a lot of time to deliver the best value you can to your mentee and sadly, some people just haven't got the time. So if you are one of the lucky few who get a mentor, make sure you're clear on what each of you expect, the time you can both put in, when you'll meet, how often and what you'll discuss in each session to ensure neither of you waste your time.
If there's nothing formal set up in your company, ask your manager if they can arrange something. If you're not able to find anyone within your company, there are a few sites that match mentors with mentees, like Mentorsme.
If you do manage to find a mentor, don't accept someone without first asking them about themselves, their skills, experience and their time restrictions. Also keep in mind that your mentor should be someone you get on with as you'll be spending your precious extra time with them.
So there you have it
I feel that recording your progress, sharing your newly found knowledge, knowing where you're going, and getting the guidance by more experienced minds is crucial to starting off well as a developer.
Being able to reflect over your accomplishments throughout your early days as a developer is crucial in building your confidence. It may also give you an indication of which path to specialise in. But, you can't do that without keeping logs and recording your progress. Recognise that at the very least this task will help you identify your own achievements and be a physical reminder that you have grown in your field.
I'd love to know what you think. Which steps do you think are more important? Have I missed something that you've found was integral to your progression and growth? If so, feel free to leave a comment or message me so we can discuss our junior dev challenges and hopefully overcome them together.
We hear it all the time: “video games make kids violent.” And in the wake of the tragic Sandy Hook school shooting, a recently released 44-page report from the State of Connecticut sheds new light on exactly what made Adam Lanza tick (and tick, and tick… until he went “boom”). Or does it?
We read the report for ourselves, and invite you to download and read your own copy, as well. We counted 30 references to the word “game” across the 44 pages, and we'll go through each reference here to demonstrate a clear bias on the part of the Connecticut State's Attorney's Office against video games, as well as a belief on their part that video games played a major role in the shootings… even though they stop just short of mentioning the fact in their final one-page conclusion.
The first reference to games is on page 25, where it states that Lanza's GPS device showed that he often visited a local movie theater, where he enjoyed playing (wait for it…) Dance Dance Revolution?
Yes. The Sandy Hook Killer apparently had a thing for DDR. It's not exactly the type of fodder that the “video games make you violent” crowd can sink their teeth into. It's a game with ridiculously catchy music, flashing lights, and requires you to actually get up and move around… a lot. But that doesn't slow down Connecticut for long. They'll establish that DDR is evil before all is said and done!
Page 25 of the report also includes a partial (important word!) list of the following games found in Lanza's basement:
What's interesting about this list is that immediately preceding it, the report states the following:
“Numerous video games were located in the basement computer/gaming area. The list of video games includes, but is not limited to:” (emphasis added).
We find it far less than scientific (to the point of prejudicial and biased) that the first “list” of games owned by the shooter is incomplete. And that means that the compilers of the report specifically chose to include only those games on the list, and exclude others. Looking at the list of games, it's obvious that the report is trying to draw a link between violent video games and the violence of Lanza's crime.
The next reference to games in the report is on page 26, where it presents the evidence found on Lanza's hard drive. Again, the report states:
“the following selected topics or items were found within the digital evidence seized” (emphasis added).
Once again, this demonstrates an intentional filtering by the report's publishers. This filtered list of hard drive contents is long, but here are the gaming elements, as they are shown on the list:
Bookmarks pertaining to… video games…
Screen shots (172) of the online game Combat Arms
Dance Dance Revolution (DDR) game screen shots
Videos of shooter playing DDR
Again, we note that the report points out the specific number of screen shots (172) that exist on Lanza's hard drive, presumably because that game happens to be an online FPS (First-Person Shooter) game. For the dance game DDR, they don't mention how many screen shots or videos were found. The report also states in this section that there was a large amount of other media on the drive, including:
“Commercial movies depicting mass shootings,” “Images of the shooter holding a handgun to his head,” “Images of the shooter holding a rifle to his head,” and “Images of shooter with a rifle, shotgun and numerous magazines in his pockets.”
But in none of those cases do they mention how many they found of each. It's only with that one combat video game that the report is careful to point out the “huge” number of screen shots, while they don't feel it's important to be just as specific about the truly disturbing images on the drive. It may be subtle, but once again, this shows a clear anti-video game bias on the part of the authors.
The next reference to video games is on page 30, which says:
“The shooters father saw him regularly until he turned 18. They would go hiking, play video games and other activities.”
See the trend? It's another incomplete list. Video games are again pointed out as an activity the shooter enjoyed, but with the exception of hiking, any other activities are simply lumped in the “other” category. The report appears to be willing to take any possible opportunity to link Lanza and video games.
On page 31 of the report, we finally get some insight into the “Shooter's Interests.” This section is made up of a total of eleven paragraphs. Following is our analysis of the general substance of each paragraph (again – you can read the report yourself to verify this):
Paragraph 1: Lanza's hobbies included computers, poetry, and hiking, and once upon a time he worked at a computer shop.
Paragraph 2: Lanza was into shooting (duh).
Paragraph 3 is included in its entirety here:
“He played video games often, both solo at home and online. They could be described as both violent and non-violent. One person described the shooter as spending the majority of his time playing non-violent video games all day, with his favorite at one point being Super Mario Brothers.
We find it amusing that they were “precise” enough to say the games he played were “both violent and non-violent.” What other types of games are there?
Paragraph 4: Lanza used his PC to play video games online and surf the Internet.
Paragraph 5: Lanza had a driver's licence.
Paragraph 6: Lanza played Dance Dance Revolution. He had a home version of the game. Videos of him playing DDR were on his hard drive.
Paragraph 7: GPS tracking showed that Lanza would go to a nearby movie theater and play DDR for 4-10 hours a day, three days a week, during parts of 2011 & 2012.
Paragraph 8: Lanza was specific about his clothing. He also grew “anti-social,” which they apparently determined by the fact that he stopped playing DDR with other people.
Paragraph 9 is included in its entirety here:
“An acquaintance of the shooter from 2011 to June 2012 said that the shooter and the
acquaintance played DDR quite a bit. They would play the game and occasionally see a movie. They did not play first-person shooter games at the theater. The shooter had stamina for DDR and never appeared winded unless really exhausted.”
Again — the report specifically points out “first-person shooter games,” but only to state that they didn't play them at the theater? The footnote for this paragraph states that the FPS games the shooter played were Combat Arms and World of Warcraft. Combat Arms is, indeed, an online FPS. But World of Warcraft is far from one. Still, it makes the story better in the eyes of the report if the killer enjoyed multiple games with the words “person shooter” included in the genre… so details be damned!
Paragraph 10: Lanza liked hiking.
Paragraph 11: Lanza was interested in mass murders and serial killing.
Ok… so let's get this straight. Out of 11 paragraphs detailing a known mass murderer's interests, seven of them relate to computers and/or video games, two mention that he was interested in guns and/or murder, and the remaining two paragraphs cover the facts that he had a drivers licence, and he liked hiking. So the profile this report is trying to paint is that this child killer REALLY likes video games, and murder, and having a license, and hiking… in that order. It's like the report is trying to pound the video game correlation into your brain, while offering up plenty of fodder for the mainstream media to vilify gaming (mark my words: you'll see more mention of video games in the media over the next few weeks than normal… all associated with this case).
We were a bit surprised to see that the report included Super Mario Brothers as a “non-violent” game. How could they pass up an opportunity to point out all the mass-murder inside that game? Mario's entire raison d'etre is to kill Turtles, Bloopers, Bullet Bills, Goombas, hammer wielding Koopas, Piranha Plants, Spinies, and a large fire-breathing spiked Bowser!
Moving on, page 34 includes a list of witnesses' observations of Lanza. Observation #10 states:
“In the ninth and tenth grades the shooter was reclusive, shutting himself in the bedroom and playing video games all day. In the upper classes the shooter compiled a journal instead of attending physical education.”
Wow! Almost an entire page had gone by in the report without mentioning video games, so the authors needed to make sure they mentioned here how he played them “all day.”
Further down the page, items 15 and 16 state:
“15. The shooter had a LAN party at his home in 2008 with Tech Club members; no firearms were seen at the shooters home.” (Footnote states “This is a party where attendees eat pizza and play video games.”)
“16. In terms of video games, the shooter liked to play Phantasy Star Online (a role playing game), Paper Mario, Luigis Mansion and Pikmin. He also liked Japanese
animated films and television.”
Is the State of Connecticut being clear enough, people? This killer loved video games! Make sure you make the connection! Murderers and video games go together like peanut butter and chocolate!
On page 35, the report begins a whole new section entitled “Evidence Examination.” In this important section, the report exhaustively breaks down all the physical evidence collected and examined by police and experts.
Now, since this is a report about a shooting, one might assume that the evidence examination would begin by examining the five firearms seized in the investigation of that shooting, four of which were directly used during the incident.
But you'd be wrong in that assumption.
“Firearms and Related Evidence” is actually the second category of evidence presented by the report! You can probably guess what the report leads off with: the video games owned by Lanza.
You read that right — the evidence section of the report talks about the video games police seized and examined prior to talking about the guns used to kill 20 children and 7 adults!
Remember, kids!! Video games were a major factor in this crime! Oh yeah, and some guns were maybe kinda involved, too. But forget about that for now. First, let's focus on these evil video games!
Following are the games Lanza owned, which are apparently more important than the guns he used to shoot people, based on their priority order of appearance in the report.
PlayStation 2 Games:
Dynasty Tactics
Kingdom Hearts 1 & 2
Onimusha
Dynasty Warriors
The Two Towers
He played Onimusha? Yep. Dude's a nutcase, fo sho.
Xbox Games:
(this list is actually based on Lanza's Xbox Live game history)
Call of Duty 2: Big Red One
Call of Duty: Finest Hour
Dead or Alive 3
Halo
Halo 2
Lego Star Wars
MechAssault
Mercenaries
MGS2 Substance
Panzer Dragoon ORTA
PSO (meaning Phantasy Star Online)
Shenmue II
Spider-Man
Splinter Cell 2
Splinter Cell-CT
Star Wars Battlefront
Star Wars Republic Commando
Tenchu: Return from Darkness
The Return of the King
Worms Forts Under Seige
For the uninitiated, please note that the “Dead or Alive” game series has absolutely nothing to do with actual death, and more to do with watching large-breasted female martial artists' jiggly parts bounce on-screen. No, really.
The above list of games on page 36 is also followed by this quote:
“It was noted on both of the above items that the gaming history found may not be the complete history of those actually played.”
Translation? “It's possible that he played other games, folks! So these aren't even the worst ones! He probably played really evil games that make you do evil things! How evil? So evil that you might say they are the fru-eeeeets of the Dev-eeeeel! AVOID ALL THE GAMES!“
Lanza also apparently also owned a broken Xbox 360. Again, it's really important to point that out before talking about the guns he used. Because clearly, the broken Xbox 360 was what caused him to snap and kill all those innocent people. Because games and game consoles are evil, remember?
On page 38, the report also includes an “unsubstantiated lead” from a mother who says that she heard from her son, that he heard some other gamer called [RaWr]i<3EmoGirls (for any non gamers reading this, that translates to “ROAR! I love Emo Girls… and don't we all?), that there would “maybe” be a shooting “very soon” at his school, so that if he didn't see him online that means “i died and im being 100 percent serious (sic).” Oh, good. That's way better than only 74% serious. 26% better, to be exact.
Finally, after 38 pages of a 42 page report, the State of Connecticut believes it's probably made its case against video games, and actually manages to get through the final four pages of the report (and its Conclusion page signed by State's Attorney Stephen J. Sedenky III, and a final page of acknowledgements) without mentioning video games!
So what have we learned from this report?
We saw some things we already knew, including the fact that Adam Lanza was a mentally disturbed individual who committed a horrible, horrible act that resulted in the tragic deaths of children and adults in and around Sandy Hook Elementary school. All kidding aside, that was a dark day in the history of this country.
But we also learned that the Connecticut State's Attorney appears to have a major anti-video game bias, as demonstrated by the sheer amount of video game references throughout the document, the types of video games purposely included and excluded from lists, and the prominent positioning given to video games throughout the document — including a higher priority in the examination of evidence than the actual guns used in the attack!
Don't be fooled, people. It's a well known fact that the Diane Feinsteins of the world are coming for your assault weapons and high-capacity magazines… but the Stephen Sedenskys of the world appear to be building a case to come after your video games, too.
This report is a sad reminder that everyone in politics has an angle or an axe to grind, and that unbiased reporting is far too rare an occurance.
Oh, and that video games are evil.
Right?
Tell us what you think in the comments below.
Mozilla's high-performance TraceMonkey JavaScript engine, which was first introduced in 2008, has lost a lot of its luster as competing browser vendors have stepped up their game to deliver superior performance. Firefox now lags behind Safari, Chrome, and Opera in common JavaScript benchmarks. In an effort to bring Firefox back to the front of the pack, Mozilla is building a new JavaScript engine called JägerMonkey.
The secret sauce that will drive Mozilla's new JavaScript engine engine into the fast lane is some code borrowed from Apple's WebKit project. Mozilla intends to bring together the powerful optimization techniques of TraceMonkey and the extremely efficient native code generator of Apple's JSCore engine. The mashup will likely deliver a significant boost in Firefox's JavaScript execution speed, making Mozilla's browser a formidable contender in the ongoing JavaScript speed race.
Mozilla's current JavaScript engine uses nanojit as its native code generator. Adobe originally developed nanojit to power Flash's ActionScript execution and released it under an open source software license in 2006. Mozilla and Adobe were going to use nanojit to build an ECMAScript 4 implementation called Tamarin, but the project was largely abandoned when ECMAScript 4 was shelved. Mozilla integrated nanojit into its existing SpiderMonkey engine and added tracing optimization to build TraceMonkey.
Mozilla's new JägerMonkey engine will continue to use nanojit for some things, but will rely on Apple's Nitro Assembler to generate efficient native code. This will allow JägerMonkey to benefit from the performance advantages of method-based just-in-time (JIT) compilation. JägerMonkey will also use tracing optimization to flatten out loops and speed up other kinds of execution paths that can benefit from further optimization. Mozilla says that this blend of technologies potentially offers the best of all worlds.
"The reason we're [building JägerMonkey] is that TraceMonkey is very fast for code that traces well, but for code that doesn't trace, we're stuck with the interpreter, which is not fast. The JägerMonkey method JIT will provide a much better performance baseline, and tracing will continue to speed us up on code where it applies," wrote developer David Mandelin a blog entry about the new engine.
The project is said to be at a relatively early stage of development and is not yet ready to be broadly demonstrated. Developers who want to have a look at the code can download it from Mozilla's version control repository. The current development status is described in a page at the Mozilla wiki.
Canadian-born actor Mike Myers is writing the script for an Austin Powers musical, which is set to have songs created by Burt Bacharach and Elvis Costello.
Myers, 48, played "international man of mystery" Austin Powers in three spy spoof films, but is not expected to star in the musical, according to the Hollywood Reporter.
Instead, he is penning a prequel to the film story set in the 1960s London and detailing how Powers first acquired his mighty mojo.
The talent lining up for the proposed stage production about the buck-toothed spy also includes Casey Nicholaw, who is reported in talks to direct. Nicholaw helmed The Drowsy Chaperone, choreographed Spamalot and was co-director of Broadway hit The Book of Mormon.
Warner Bros. Theatre Ventures, former HBO Films president Colin Callender, and partner Sonia Friedman are producing the musical.
Myers is also reported to be on board for a fourth film instalment as Austin Powers, but the script for that film is not yet in the works.
Myers began his comedy career at Second City in Toronto, before moving on to Saturday Night Live, Wayne's World and the Austin Powers franchise, which saw him playing the villain (Dr. Evil) as well as the spy who is not quite James Bond.
Bacharach had cameos in all three Austin Powers movies, while Costello collaborated on Bacharach's I'll Never Fall in Love Again in the second film.
American wars in the Middle East — and really, American foreign policy in general — aren't exactly popular in the Arab world. But the new military campaign against ISIS appears to be a rare exception. According to a just-released poll of Arab residents in eight different countries, Obama's new war in Iraq and Syria enjoys surprising support from the region's Arab residents.
The poll comes from the Arab Center for Research and Policy Studies, which asked 4,800 randomly selected people from around the Arab world about US foreign policy and ISIS.
When asked "how would you evaluate the foreign policy of the United States towards the Arab region," 73 percent of respondents answered negative or "negative to some extent." This makes the broad support for the anti-ISIS campaign even more surprising. When asked if they supported the US-led airstrikes against ISIS, a majority in every single country said they support the campaign:
The simplest explanation is also the likeliest: people in these countries tend to hate ISIS way more than they do the United States.
When asked, "do you have a positive or negative view of [ISIS]," the results were overwhelmingly negative:
Given that ISIS is currently slaughtering people en masse around Iraq and Syria, this probably shouldn't be too surprising.
This support isn't necessarily durable. At the beginning of the 2011 US-led intervention in Libya, for instance, there was a fair amount of Arab support for the campaign. By November, after the intervention ended, a plurality of Arab respondents in one poll thought toppling Qaddafi had been the wrong thing to do.
It's also possible to over-interpret these results. You might look at the Iraq numbers and assume that ISIS is losing the battle for popular opinion in Iraq — and for a group that depends on popular support to survive, that's deadly. But it's probably very hard to sample Sunni Iraqis in ISIS-controlled territory, who are really ISIS's base.
But as of right now, it looks like there's a fair amount of popular regional buy-in for the American strategy. Whether that'll continue as the campaign goes on, and potentially gets bloodier, remains to be seen.
Shortly after the British vote to leave the European Union on June 23, the French and German foreign ministers produced a joint statement reaffirming their countries' strong commitment to the EU. Among other things, they called for a “European Security Compact” to beef up the EU's contribution to international security, including with military means, as well as to improve the union's ability to tackle internal security threats such as terrorism.
However, even though France and Germany agree on much on paper, differences in their respective strategic cultures may hinder the progress and effectiveness of their proposals, especially on EU defense.
Internal security has taken on more importance with the terrorist attacks in France and Germany in late July. Even though the local specificities of the threat, the types of attacks, and the reactions have been different in the two countries, there will likely be renewed determination in Berlin and Paris to further develop European policing, judicial, and intelligence cooperation.
Similarly, on defense policy both France and Germany are keen to boost the EU's military role in the world. Speaking while presenting the new German white paper on defense on July 13, Ursula von der Leyen, the German defense minister, said that Germany and France would lead talks with other EU members to assess their appetite for closer defense cooperation. She said that the UK had “paralysed” progress on these issues in the past, but now the rest of the EU should move forward.
Politicians in France and Germany have long lent strong vocal support to deeper European defense cooperation. Even before EU defense policy was formally launched in 1999, the two countries agreed to create a joint brigade in 1987, which formed the basis for the ambitiously named Eurocorps, established in 1992. (Nine countries currently participate in this Strasbourg-based formation.)
France and Germany have also consistently called for the EU to have its own military command and control structures, most notoriously during the fallout from the Iraq War that began in 2003, when Berlin and Paris said they wanted to create a de facto EU military headquarters. In their June 2016 European security compact, the French and German foreign ministers called for the EU to develop “a permanent civil-military chain of command.”
Up to now, the UK has blocked such measures (each EU member has a veto over defense policy) for fear that creating such institutions would undermine NATO, for example by duplicating SHAPE, the alliance's military headquarters through which multinational operations are run. As von der Leyen underlined, following the British decision to exit the EU, there seems to be no real reason why long-held Franco-German proposals cannot be implemented.
And yet, while they agree on much on paper, there are some major differences in strategic culture between these two EU heavyweights. For one, France, which is a nuclear-armed permanent member of the UN Security Council, has a special sense of responsibility for global security. The French defense minister, Jean-Yves Le Drian, recently proposed that the EU should send military ships to ensure open waterways in the territorially disputed South China Sea. Germany, in contrast, is not yet in the habit of initiating international military operations anywhere, let alone in East Asia.
For another, Berlin is still more reluctant than Paris to deploy robust military force. True, Germany beefed up its support to the coalition against the self-styled Islamic State following the November 2015 terrorist attacks in Paris. Plus Berlin is increasing its defense spending and wants to boost its military contribution to international security. But Germany will act only in coalition with others. France, by contrast, is not only prepared to bomb the Islamic State, it will also act unilaterally if needed—consider the French military interventions in Mali and the Central African Republic in 2013–2014.
Moreover, Berlin and Paris do not necessarily agree on the end goal of EU defense policy. The new German defense white paper says that EU members should aim to create a “European Security and Defence Union.” Many German politicians understand this to mean the creation of a common European army in the long term.
Although it is not entirely clear who would command such an army—EU governments or the Brussels-based institutions—this idea has tremendous appeal in Germany for a host of historical and political reasons. An EU army would be the ultimate expression of European political unity. In other words, EU defense is primarily an integration project for some in Berlin.
The French are more interested in a stronger EU defense policy than a symbolic integration project (albeit one that has its own political value for some in Paris as well as in Berlin). The French perceive acting militarily through the EU as an important option for those times the United States does not want to intervene in crises in and around Europe. This was the main strategic rationale behind the 1998 Franco-British Saint-Malo agreement, which begat EU defense policy—which has since consistently failed to realize its potential.
Indeed, despite the ever-intensifying security challenges they face, EU members have progressively lost interest in the union's defense policy in recent years. As a result, the French do not assume that their EU partners will always rush to support their military operations. They haven't in Africa. But if acting through the EU could help ensure more military support from other EU members, that would generally be preferable to acting alone.
Because of their different strategic cultures, therefore, France and Germany may struggle to develop a stronger EU defense more than their joint proposals would suggest. If anything, it currently seems easier for Berlin and Paris to agree on the central strategic importance of NATO for their defense.
At the NATO summit in Warsaw on July 8–9, French President François Hollande said that “a European defense separate from NATO would make no sense.” The new German defense white paper says that “only together with the United States can Europe effectively defend itself against the threats of the 21st century and guarantee a credible form of deterrence. . . . NATO remains the anchor and main framework of action for German security and defence policy.”
Whatever may result from their joint initiatives on EU defense, neither France nor Germany wishes to undermine NATO, which they both want to retain as the primary military guarantor of European security.
Daniel Keohane is a senior researcher at the Center for Security Studies at ETH Zürich.
Tomato Galette with Sweet Potatoes and Mini Sweet Peppers. Galette recipes for any occasion. Better than ordering pizza. Quick Vegan Dinner recipe
Happy Birthday!
Today, my blog turns one year old!
What a wonderful year it has been!
I have met great food bloggers and food aficionados in the past year. Each one of the bloggers are super nice human beings with so much limitless talent. They have taught me so much about food, running a business, promoting my product and above all, how to be a good person.
As a result, I stand here before you, a better person today. I would like to thank everyone for making this a successful year for me and this blog.
To thank all of you, I present a colorful tomato dish that you will love to make and enjoy eating.
This dish is one of my all-time favorite dishes to make. I took all the best tomatoes I could find and added them to this recipe. This includes Yellow tomatoes, plum tomatoes and beefsteak tomatoes. The yellow tomato provides a wonderful layer of taste and color.
On many movie nights, this tomato galette is the dinner meal to enjoy. It is so much better than ordering pizza, plus you don't have to tip the delivery person.
Sometimes, the tomato galette is referred to as a tomato tart. The difference is delicious sweet potatoes. They make the base of the galette, along with the tomatoes.
P/S: Do you know how to bake the perfect sweet potato? Check out my 5 easy tips on baking the perfect sweet potato
To keep it vegan friendly, I decided not to use any cheese in the galette. However, if you want to try cheese, the best type would be goat cheese. For vegans, try this spabettie's recipe for making vegan goat cheese. It is very easy to make and offsets the sweet potatoes perfectly.
Instead of going for a store bought version, I decided to make my own pie crust recipe. My recipe doesn't use shortening, but, you can substitute it for the whipping cream.
What has been your favorite recipe so far?
How to make Tomato Galette with Sweet Potatoes
Tomato Galette If you can find get fresh basil leaves for the recipe, use them. Otherwise dried basil will work just as well. 5 from 1 vote Print Pin Total Time: 1 hour Servings: 6 Servings Calories: 494 kcal Author: Healing Tomato Ingredients For the Pie Crust 2.5 cups All Purpose Flour (or 2 cups of Pastry flour)
1 stick butter cut into small squares
1 cup whipping cream (if you prefer shortening, use 1 cup of it)
3 tsp apple cider vinegar
1 cup ice water For the tomato galette filling 1 yellow tomato thin, round slices
1 heirloom tomato thin, round slices
2 plum tomatoes thin, round slices
1 sweet potato
3 mini sweet peppers thin, round slices
1 tsp dried oregano
1 tsp dried basil (or fresh, if you have it)
1 tsp whole peppercorns
1/2 tsp sea salt
melted butter to baste Instructions To make the Filling Preheat oven to 200 degrees
In a mini oven, bake the sweet potato for about 20 minutes (partial bake only)
Remove from the mini oven and let it cool
Melt the butter and add the salt, oregano and basil to it. Stir well and set aside
Making pie crust Add the vinegar to the ice water and stir well
Sift the flour in a large bowl
Cut the butter pieces into the sifted flour
Add the whipping cream or shortening while mixing the flour mixture with the other hand
Once all the whipping cream is mixed into the flour mixture, start adding the water mixture slowly
Knead with one hand while you pour the water
Once all the water has been added, knead the dough well until it has softened
Make 2 balls with this dough
Roll out the dough into a medium size circular shape Bringing it all together On the freshly rolled pie crust, brush the garlic butter combination very lightly
Add a layer of the sweet potatoes and brush with the butter combination again.
Layer the sweet potatoes in the middle of the dough and leave ample open space so that it can be rolled over the filling
Use very little butter to brush the sweet potatoes
Layer with the tomatoes and peppers
Brush with butter mixture
Roll the edges of the dough over the tomato and sweet potato filling leaving the middle of the galette open
Brush all the butter mixture over the galette. Make sure you get all the edges of the galette and the top of the filling
Repeat the same steps for the second tomato galette
In a baking sheet, place the 2 tomato galettes
Add the whole peppercorns to the top of the tomato galette
Put both tomato galettes inside the oven and let them bake for about 15 minutes
Open the oven and brush with the butter mixture, if necessary. Rotate the tomato galette
Allow to bake for 15 more minutes
Remove from the oven and serve immediately Notes If you have left over dough, wrap it in cellophane paper and store it in the fridge for about 2 weeks. Do not store it in the freezer Nutrition Serving: 2 g | Calories: 494 kcal | Carbohydrates: 48 g | Protein: 7 g | Fat: 30 g | Saturated Fat: 18 g | Cholesterol: 94 mg | Sodium: 361 mg | Potassium: 295 mg | Fiber: 3 g | Sugar: 2 g | vitamin A: 98.2 % | vitamin C: 29.4 % | Calcium: 5.7 % | Iron: 16.4 % Tried this recipe? Follow me @healingtomato1 and mention #healingtomato1
MORE FROM HEALINGTOMATO
“It's difficult now to analyse the season because the way that we played today,” said Pochettino. “First of all I would like to apologise to our fans, our team was terrible for them. To our families too, I apologise. It's difficult to go back to see your kids, your wife, your girlfriends, your dad – this wasn't the team that played all season. It's my worst day as a manager. Not just in England, in Spain, too.”
Spurs have excited so many observers this term, but this was an alarming display, the sort of softness that has created their own adjective. In short, this was all a bit “Spursy.” As for Newcastle, their supporters have had a few days to lick their wounds after their second relegation in seven years and they spent the whole game singing Rafa Benítez's name as they try to persuade him to stay on Tyneside.
For Washington, D.C. locals, the week of inauguration is always — to say the least — busy. This year, however, Inauguration Day is not the only hot ticket in town. While hundreds of thousands of people will descend upon the nation's capital to see the new president be sworn in on Friday, January 20, some 200,000 others are expected to attend the Women's March on Washington on January 21. According to the march's mission statement, the event — the largest political protest in recent history — "will send a bold message to our new government on their first day in office, and to the world that women's rights are human rights. We stand together, recognizing that defending the most marginalized among us is defending all of us."
Those who plan to march have unique stories and motivations, yet they are united by a shared belief that women's rights are human rights. As D.C. readies itself for the spotlight, I spoke to eight local women about why they're marching, who they're marching with, and how they're preparing to make history.
Catherine Chandler, 40, research analyst
Chandler, a D.C. resident of 13 years, is attending the march with her wife and two young sons.
“We want to be a part of the headcount and show our kids some of the best of this country. I want to be a part of the momentum. I need the energy to propel me into action again and again and again as I prepare for the worst over the next few years. As the parent of two boys, I particularly need a lot of strength and patience to ensure that they won't be harmed by the increasingly toxic masculinity in American public life. I will have failed them if I can't teach them to be allies.
As a white, middle class, lesbian feminist, I have a lot of privilege to unpack and put to good use in the struggle against systems of oppression. This march should just be the beginning for all of us to learn from and commit to each other.”
Lacey Dunham, 34, arts and literacy educator
Dunham has lived in D.C. for 11 years. She identifies as queer and is attending the march with friends.
“I work with D.C. public school youth, and the day after the election I was in a classroom with fifth graders who were mostly Hispanic — some of whom are immigrants or have parents who are immigrants — and the theme that kept emerging that day was their keen sense of [being] powerless to influence the election, and their deep and realistic fears about what will happen to them and the people they love.
I think often of the conversations from that day, and I'll take that into the march. I have the privilege of American citizenship. My citizenship and my age grant me the right to vote, and I see the march as another tool of amplifying voices for those who will be affected by policy changes with the new administration and Congress but who may not be able to speak publicly.”
Kayla Herpers, 21, student
A women's, gender, and sexuality studies major at American University, Herpers is attending the march with members of the Survivors Justice Movement (SJM), a group that connects survivors and supporters and encourages them to organize politically.
“Hundreds of thousands are expected to march, and women will be coming from all over to march in D.C. That is quite incredible. I hope to leave the march feeling empowered and heard. Oppressed groups often are not listened to or understood by the groups in power and resultantly experience a lot of pain, anger, and fear.
When we have been continually dismissed, ignored, and blamed, that hurts. In a march where you are standing in solidarity with people who have felt a similar pain or see things from your view, there is a special intimacy and energy there.”
Edurné Lopez, 33, research analyst
Lopez, who's lived in northwest D.C. for five years, is also attending with the Survivors Justice Movement. Although she was initially excited about the march and said it “represents hope,” she also said that certain organizers have been unresponsive about providing a platform for rape survivors to speak.
“This made me feel despair after feeling so much hope. This is not acceptable. I bring this up because we have to hold each other accountable. I have also seen posts from women of color who have walked away from the march because they were not accepted or have seen this happen, so [they] chose not to participate. I had decided not to go, but since the members of my group wanted to go, I changed my mind and have decided to put it aside and use this day to try to find survivors who need our help.
I hope to meet more survivors in order to form a critical mass. Survivors of rape and domestic violence have to fight for their own rights to break free from rape culture, victim blaming, and rape myth and finally get some damn justice.”
Caroline Griswold Short, 29, nonprofit professional
Short, who works with teen parents in the D.C. area, is attending the march with her husband, aunt, uncle, cousin, and friends. Her 90-year-old grandmother is marching in Fernandina Beach, Florida.
“I was so devastated by the results of the election, and it was good to see an opportunity for all of us to come together and protest this administration and the despicable things they have promised to do. This march is less about making specific demands — although I love the platform they have advanced — and more about letting the new administration know that we are not going to roll over and die. We will fight not only for our own rights but for the rights of one another. We are a force to be reckoned with.
I hope to feel a sense of power in a community of individuals who may not agree on everything but who are committed to meaningful resistance over the next four years. I think the more attendance the better, and hopefully it will make Republican legislators think twice about some of the things they're trying to do immediately, such as repealing the Affordable Care Act.”
Julia Tagliere, 47, writer
Tagliere lives in nearby Maryland and is attending the march with her 18-year-old daughter, who voted for the first time in 2016.
“I'm doing a lot of reading. I don't think any woman marching is marching only for herself, so I feel it's important to try to understand as many of the different perspectives that will be represented that day as possible. We need to present a unified presence.
I hope that [the march] is enough to effect meaningful, pragmatic changes to improve daily life for everyone — not just at the level of the policymakers in Washington, who have seen enough protests by now as to seem all but immune to them, but rather to inspire and effect change on an individual, neighborhood, and community level. We can no longer afford to sit on the sidelines and wring our hands. Clearly, even our vote is no longer enough; we must become engaged in the world around us, and I hope that this march will galvanize that type of active participation.”
Daniella Thompson, 40, event manager
Thompson, a biracial mother of three who's lived in the area for 11 years, is attending the march with her oldest daughter, colleagues, sister, nieces, and friends.
“This is my first time ever participating in something like this — that's how much this election and our future has affected me. Fear is an incredible motivator. It's made me sit up, listen, read the newspaper, research, and take note of what's happening outside my little bubble. This march has already given me a sense of purpose, a sense of renewed pride in women and what we can accomplish. Some really badass ladies pulled off this amazing event. I plan events in D.C. — I know the permitting hurdles they had to jump!
I'm doing a lot of online research about the march, the speakers, the topics of top concern for women because, let's be honest, most of us don't know what all of them are. [I'm] trying to educate my 15-year-old daughter as much as possible on the importance of this event. I'm pumped to share this experience with [her] and set the example that we can't always wait for others to fight our battles. You have a brain, a voice, ideas — use them all to make a difference for more than just yourself.”
Valerie Young, 54, public policy analyst
Young has lived in the D.C. suburbs most of her life. She's attending the march with two friends from New Jersey, both of whom are mothers of young children.
“The march to me is an expression of frustration with governmental action to date regarding the issues of gender equity, women's bodily autonomy, political empowerment, leadership, and the institutional and systemic diminishment and devaluation of care and punitive policies against family caregivers, male or female.
Sexual harassment and assault are blights on society and adversely affect both men and women. Rape culture is real. Gender discrimination is real. These are economic and social issues of the highest priority, with implications for our well-being as a nation, as a global competitor, and for our national security. Women are now better educated than men, but still channeled out of the labor market. I am incensed that these issues continue to be neglected by policymakers. [I look forward to] participating in a women's political exercise [that] shows ourselves as a powerful force in collective action and civic engagement.”
Mekita Rivas, 27, writer
As for me, the march is a chance to be on the right side of history. Future generations will demand that we be held accountable for what we have done and for what we do next. They will wonder, "How could you elect someone who was so obviously unqualified and unfit to serve in the nation's highest office?" I want to be able to say that I did my part, that I fought for civil rights, that I resisted, that I refused to be scared into silence.
And as a first-generation American, I feel an incredible responsibility to do right by my parents' sacrifices. They left their home countries, cultures, languages, and families behind so that I could have opportunities that they could only dream about. I march for them and for my future children who will ask where I was on January 21, 2017.
MANILA (Reuters) - A 6.1 magnitude quake off the Philippine west coast shook the capital Manila and neighboring areas on Thursday afternoon, but there were no reports of damage or casualties.
There was also no warning of a tsunami.
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) said the quake, centered around 66 miles west of the port city of Batangas, south of Manila, happened at a depth of 45 miles at around 1:30 p.m. (0530 GMT).
It had earlier said there were two quakes just seconds apart at much shallower depths.
“Normally with an earthquake that strong, any damage would be reported immediately. It's almost one hour since it happened and we have not received any significant report,” said Glenn Rabonza, head of the Philippine National Disaster Coordinating Council.
Rabonza said the mayor of Lubang Island in Mindoro province, near the epicenter, had reported no damage.
“They're checking the bridges and other structures which swayed but were not damaged,” he said.
Renato Solidum, head of the government's seismology agency, said the earthquake was caused by the movement of an active fault line called the Manila trench. The agency said the quake had a magnitude of 6 and happened at a depth of 25 km.
“We don't expect any significant damage because the highest intensity we recorded is only 5. Normally, a magnitude 6 quakes and felt at intensity 7 could cause damage,” Solidum said, adding the quake was not expected to generate a tsunami.
DIZZY, EERIE
Residents in the capital, a sprawling city of about 13 million people, said they felt the tremor and that office buildings swayed.
“I was sitting at the computer when the ground started moving sideways. Nothing fell over or came down, but it swayed for what felt like a long time,” said Caloy dela Pasion, a staffer at the Manila Bulletin newspaper.
“I felt quite dizzy. As soon as it was over, everyone came out of their offices feeling nervous.”
Traffic in the Makati business district was flowing as usual and pedestrian numbers were normal.
“We all went down the building from the fourth floor. Some of us were scared,” said 24-year-old Kath de Leon, an office worker in Makati.
Devi de Veyra was at home in her fifth-floor apartment in Manila's Quezon City when the quake hit.
“There was around 30-40 seconds of movement, a series of tremors. It was quite gentle but very eerie. I was waiting for the big quake to come, but it didn't,” she said.
You're more likely to see a beard in the pulpit today than at any time since the 1800s. But beards—especially among clergy—were once serious, symbolic matters. They separated East from West during the Great Schism, priests from laity during the Middle Ages, and Protestants from Catholics during the Reformation. Some church leaders required them; others banned them. To medieval theologians, they represented both holiness and sin. But historian Giles Constable says that rules on beards sound more forceful than they really were. Clergy (especially powerful ones) were likely to follow fashion in their day, too.
c. 195
Clement of Alexandria calls the beard "the mark of a man" and says "it is therefore unholy to desecrate the symbol of manhood." Many other church fathers made similar remarks about beardly manliness. But most early church clergy were either beardless or had a closely trimmed beard.
361
Roman Emperor Julian sports a beard to show his break with the shaven Christian emperors before him, and to mark his connection to pagan Roman religion.
c. 411
Euthymius says only men with a beard can enter his Judean Desert monastery, not boys "with female faces."
c. 475
A rule is made that "no cleric should grow long hair or shave his beard." It's very out of step with its time, and several copyists simply changed it to "No cleric should grow long hair or [a long] beard." It seems to have been ignored in its day but became widely referenced in the 1100s and 1200s.
816
The Council of Aachen requires monks to shave every 15 days (24 times a year). Other monastic communities adopt similar rules, though some only require a shave six or seven times ...
1
You have reached the end of this Article Preview You have reached the end of this Article Preview To continue reading, subscribe now. Subscribers have full digital access.
Lieberman and four other co-sponsors introduced a revised version of his bill last week that softened provisions dealing with critical infrastructure. It proposed to establish a program where companies operating critical infrastructure could certify that their computer systems meet certain cybersecurity standards in exchange for incentives. The changes were made to mollify concerns voiced by Republicans and business groups about the bill being too regulatory.
The five co-sponsors are hosting a press conference on Tuesday afternoon to describe the changes made to the latest version of the cybersecurity bill.
Danielle Coffey, TIA's vice president for government affairs, said the trade group is still reviewing the latest version of Lieberman's bill but noted it made "real progress" from the original one introduced earlier this year. However, she added TIA is still weighing whether the critical infrastructure provisions are "truly voluntary measures."
"If it's benchmarks and goal posts they want us to reach, and [also create] a structure where regulations may or may not be imposed, that leaves a lot open for the government to come up with regulations and mandates in the future, even if it's not the intention of this Congress to impose them right now," said Coffey.
In the white paper, TIA argues that improving information sharing about cyberthreats between the government and industry would help critical infrastructure operators immediately address bad code or other malicious threats spotted on their computer systems. The white paper noted that information sharing needs to happen in real-time and also voiced support for the House's Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act.
Lieberman, Sen. Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (R-Maine) and the other sponsors of the cybersecurity bill have argued over the past year that information sharing isn't enough to combat the growing cyberthreat the nation faces and standards for critical infrastructure also need to be a part of the legislative solution. The senators have pointed to statements made by Gen. Keith Alexander, head of U.S. Cyber Command, and former National Security Agency Director Michael Hayden about how legislation should include some sort of cybersecurity standards for critical infrastructure in addition to information sharing measures.
Among the six policy recommendations listed in the report, TIA argues for increased funding for cybersecurity research and development and support of industry-developed cybersecurity best practices. It also warns against the introduction of supply chain rules that would restrict telecommunications equipment from being imported into the United States, noting that the nation's "global economic competitiveness could be severely affected by other export markets adopting similar restrictive policies."
TIA's member companies include Qualcomm, Raytheon, Apple and Cisco.
One unfortunate woman's passport has become the latest casualty in the firestorm of outrage sparked by the South China Sea ruling in The Hague earlier this month.
While going through security at Tan Son Nhat International Airport upon landing in Ho Chi Minh City, a Chinese woman surnamed Zhong handed her passport to one of the customs officers. After 2 or 3 minutes, she got it back and found that the words “Fuck you” were scribbled on two of the pages. Those pages happened to contain maps of China, complete with the infamous nine-dash line, which Beijing uses to exert its claim over more than 80% of the South China Sea. Chinese passports issued after 2012 contain this map on pages 8, 24 and 46.
Zhong doesn't speak any Vietnamese, so she didn't respond to the insult, Sohu reports. She says that once she gets back to China, she will apply for a new passport.
The Chinese Consulate in Ho Chi Minh has released a statement, reporting that they are handling the situation and demanding that Vietnamese officials take action to punish whoever is responsible and make sure that something like this will never happen again.
Netizens have condemned the actions of the custom officer and hit back with some insults of their own:
“Nice, looks like that Vietnamese monkey knows how to write. [He/She] is learning,” @blackTodd wrote.
“How many bananas did the Philippines give you [to write the insults]? Remember that those were the bananas we didn't want,” @林大状 wrote.
“What an immature thing to do. I can clearly see what Vietnam is like now,” @fongAz- wrote.
“If Vietnam keeps acting like this, we'll put them down to their place. Like this comment if you agree,” @对的人不能随便选个某某某 wrote.
In the end, the woman probably just didn't tip the customs officer 10 RMB.
By Sarah Lin
[Images via People's Daily]
Share this: Pocket
Telegram
Print
The Emirates Cricket Board has announced a T20 tournament for eight Associate countries to be played from January 14 to 20 in the UAE. Apart from the UAE, Afghanistan, Hong Kong, Ireland, Namibia, Netherlands, Oman and Scotland will take part in the tournament.
Named the Desert T20 Tournament, the seven-day competition will be played in a round-robin and knockout format, beginning at Abu Dhabi's Zayed Cricket Stadium before culminating in Dubai for the final two days.
"The aim of the tournament is to provide an opportunity for our teams to play more competitive Men's T20 cricket," Zayed Abbas, Emirates Cricket Board member, said. "Each of the participating countries are very close in ICC T20I rankings, so we expect the quality of cricket to be very strong."
Multiple sources had earlier told ESPNcricinfo that a T20 tournament was in the pipeline for early 2017. Although Papua New Guinea were scheduled to participate, Namibia - who do not possess T20I status yet - were invited to participate after PNG declined to compete.
The tournament kicks-off with Scotland facing Hong Kong followed by Afghanistan taking on Ireland on January 14 in Abu Dhabi.
Wormholes, bubbleverses and quantum entanglement are all fair game in Simon Oliver's science-centric Vertigo Comics series.
In Simon Oliver's "Collider," the Federal Bureau of Physics investigates wormholes on the freeway or the lack of gravity in a supermarket parking lot. (Photo11: DC/Vertigo Comics) Story Highlights Simon Oliver's 'Collider' revolves around physics gone wrong
Main character is an agent of the Federal Bureau of Physics
The first story arc revolves around a bubbleverse forming in the middle of a city
Simon Oliver still receives a pest-control magazine from his time writing the comic book The Exterminators. Now, add Physics World to his subscription list.
Oliver's reliving science class exploring the world of wormholes, entropy, particles and other quantum conundrums with Collider, the new Vertigo Comics series with artist Robbi Rodriguez launching Wednesday.
While The Exterminators delved into the strange and sordid lives of ordinary pest-control operators, Collider is Oliver's way of setting a book in a normal landscape but changing one important element.
In this case, he imagines the craziness that would occur if physics went very, very wonky.
"You wake up in the morning and you have the weather report, the traffic report and then you have the physics report on the radio while you're eating your cereal. There's a wormhole on the freeway or loss of gravity in a supermarket parking lot," Oliver says.
While books and TV shows such as Fringe and The X-Files have touched on similar plot lines, "no one had ever really woven it into the tapestry of our everyday lives," the writer adds. "That's what really makes the book different, that it's something that's happening in our world."
Two years ago when a destructive twister hit Joplin, Mo., Oliver wondered about what would have happened if it had been a quantum tornado with giant monsters from other dimensions. From there, he started looking into all sorts of physics articles and books, doing research on the Higgs boson particle, the Large Hadron Collider "and the stuff that really makes your brain hurt," he says.
"One you start looking, you realize that this stuff's moving faster than you can possibly imagine in terms of discovery. There are so many crazy theories being thrown around that there's just this huge wealth of potential stories going on."
In Collider, the government organization on the case of investigating various physics anomalies in the Federal Bureau of Physics. The book's main character, Adam Hardy, is one of its agents. While he is a bit of an underachiever at the beginning who doesn't take his job seriously, things start to happen that change his perspective, according to Oliver.
Adam also is searching for his father, who disappeared while chasing quantum tornadoes in Mexico before Adam ever got to know him. Professor Hardy was one of the chief scientists called into service 20 years or so ago when physics started to go wrong — "one of the tin-hat brigade who was crying wolf and no one listened to him right at the beginning and he mysteriously vanished not long after," Oliver says.
"In the beginning, it was front-page news, the world was going to end but ultimately it didn't and the world carried on. A lot of this is like 9/11 and Homeland Security — we don't really think about it that much anymore. The new paradigm of our world, it shifted and we get on with paying the bills and watching bad reality TV shows."
There are things unfolding in background regarding a conspiracy tied into Adam's father's disappearance — some important files that went missing when he did come into play, and readers will be introduced to a mystery man pulling the strings in the first arc and making this weirdness happen that ties into Adam's personal quest.
Meanwhile, he and his fellow FBP cohorts have another problem to fix when a bubbleverse forms in the middle of the city and people get sucked into it, so the agents have to enter the bubbleverse to save them before it becomes unstable and collapses.
The bubbleverse is based on an actual physics theory that smaller microverses "can literally form soap bubbles off the membrane of our universe," Oliver says.
"It's not too mind-bendy at the beginning but as the stories progress, we're going to get a little bit into the physics side of things."
Oliver, Rodriguez and editor Mark Doyle are constantly finding new physics articles on the Internet and sending them to one another, the writer says, and to make the book feel "very now and very up to the minute," Oliver makes sure to communicate with Rodriguez constantly because the artwork is so important in such a science-centric series.
"It's like visualizing four dimensions — certain things are going to be hard. It's great to bring him in right at the beginning where he has a good idea on how to visualize something."
Oliver figures out character arcs before finding weird science to throw at them, and among the different theories he's playing with are quantum entanglement, entropy and wormholes, which are being used to rob banks in the second two-issue story arc beginning in Collider issue 6.
One of the things the creative team is working out now is what scientists call "quantum suicide," Oliver says, "which is a way of proving that multiverses exist by continually pointing a gun at your head.
"A lot of this stuff, it's hard to get your head around it. When I started planning out the book and the world, physics was failing but as a writer I needed something in my mind, to explain that, if it featured in the book or didn't feature in the book."
He's finding things are changing constantly — scientists even found the Higgs boson while he's been working on Collider, Oliver says — so much so that he's having issues coming up with his own big ideas.
Oliver hatched the concept that the fabric of the universe is getting to the point where it won't expand anymore that it already has, becoming as thin as pizza dough and having holes start to appear.
"I was like, 'Yes, I'm a genius!' In my mind, that visualizes it, that does it," Oliver recalls. "And literally sometime in the next week I'm reading a book and somebody has proposed that theory already.
"You cannot think up anything crazy that hasn't already been thought up."
He knows hardcore physics types will probably get mad at him for some of the Collider science, but to make the story work, there has to be some artistic license to break away from some of the science.
Making it accessible is important, Oliver says. "That's really why I start with the character arcs and the son's search for his father and the truth about his father. You don't want to put people off by writing something that takes too much time to explain things and you have to know too much going into it. It has to be readable."
He's also coming up with enough physics-powered stories to keep Collider going for a while. Oliver figures that Adam will probably have to go dimension-hopping and find an answer to what happened to his dad. That might be just one in a larger set of stories — or one quark in the larger hadron.
"At some point you have to pay off certain pieces," Oliver says. "Otherwise it's not going to work and you can't have the (ending of) 'It was all just a dream. They were waiting to go to heaven.' "
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1cfI1vs
Russian President Vladimir Putin joins a host of world leaders who have had to respond to brazen terror attacks on Monday. One of those attacks happened in Ankara, Turkey, where Russian Ambassador Andrey Karlov was killed in cold blood by a police officer who was standing behind him during a speech in an art gallery. After he shot Karlov several times in the back, the killer screamed that he did it for Aleppo. The entire attack was caught on camera.
Putin has vowed revenge.
"A crime has been committed and it was without doubt a provocation aimed at spoiling the normalization of Russo-Turkish relations and spoiling the Syrian peace process which is being actively pushed by Russia, Turkey, Iran and others," said a stern-faced Putin. "There can only be one response - stepping up the fight against terrorism. The bandits will feel this happening."
Monday's other tragedies occurred in Berlin, Germany, where a truck driver plowed into a crowd in a Christmas market, murdering 12 people and injuring nearly 50 others. German Chancellor Angela Merkel defined
it as a terror attack. The killer may still be at large.
In Zurich, Switzerland - again on the same day - a gunman injured several people near an Islamic center.
“Duquesne Whistle,” with its bright melody, mostly sounds like the second variety, with a retro tinge of the third—the train whistle is “blowin' like it gonna blow my blues away,” “blowin' like my woman's on board.” Still, if there's no train wreck, there are ominous rumblings. The singer denies accusations that he is a gambler or a pimp, and then hears the whistle sounding as if it might be on its final run.
The next two tracks change the mood. “Soon After Midnight,” a quiet number with a melody like a ‘50s pop love tune, begins with a wee-hours declaration of love but then presents what sound like the musings of a pathological, misogynist killer. The singer tells us, as if telling us something we didn't know, that a girl named Charlotte is a harlot who dresses in scarlet; as for the others, “They chirp and they chatter/ What does it matter?/ They're lyin' and dyin' in blood/ Two-timin' Slim, who's ever heard of him?/ I'll drag his corpse through the mud.” On “Narrow Way,” the singer alludes to the New Testament's injunctions about the narrow path that leads to salvation but also lashes out, “Your father left ya/ Your mother, too/ Even death has washed its hands of you.”
The band sounds loose and disheveled at the opening of the next track but it falls into a biting descending chord progression and suddenly Dylan is declaiming more than he is singing, nailing the lid on a long-dead marriage. And here, plumbing hidden and squandered lives, Tempest comes to emotional life. At the very end, in a rising, gargly voice, Dylan pronounces the song's bitter title: “Long and Wasted Years.”
“Pay in Blood” is the latest slashing Dylan revenge song, but more graphic and grisly than ever, sung by a man who's been through hell, warning a bastard who demands respect in a land of ragged beggars and politicians full of piss: “Sooner or later you'll make a mistake/I'll put you in a chain that you never will break/Legs and arms and body and bone/I pay in blood but not my own.” Two tracks later, “Early Roman Kings” is a caper of rhyming wordplay—featuring city-destroying “peddlers and meddlers,” “the lecherous and the treacherous” “sluggers and muggers”—strung out against the backdrop blues melody most familiar as Muddy Waters's “Mannish Boy.” In Dylan's song, the “mannish boy” announces (as Woody Guthrie did half a century ago) that he “ain't dead yet”; and he threatens to break you wide open—with, of all things, his music.
Sandwiched between these two tracks is Dylan's haunting reconstruction of “Barbara Allen,” one of the album's most captivating songs. “In Scarlet Town where I was born,” begin both the old ballad and Dylan's new one, “Scarlet Town”—and before Dylan is done he has quickly retold the aching story: Sweet William died for love in the merry month of May, and the hard-hearted Barbara (who is renamed Mistress Mary) prays and weeps for him as he'd wept for her. But Dylan omits Barbara's death and burial and the ballad's mysterious final image of a rose and a briar growing out of the dead hearts and joining in a lover's knot.
Florida Is the Most Impacted State By Trump's Paris Agreement Withdrawal
Our analysis of census tracts adjacent to the coast & ocean shows Florida has 1.9M people in 1.2M houses that are the most likely to be impacted by rising sea levels & Trump's Paris agreement withdrawal. Our analysis involved pulling together disparate data sources such as Census data, NOAA's sea level riser data & TIGER shape files. The current publicly available data to understand the impact of rising sea levels & climate change is a census designation of coastal counties. However, just because a county is designated as coastline does not mean that all places within the county are adjacent to the coast & most impacted by rising sea levels.
We went one level deeper & studied census tracts within coastal counties & analyzed which census tracts were adjacent to the coast or ocean & what places those census tracts belonged to. Based on that analysis, we further mapped the population & housing units on those census tracts. We believe these are the places with the highest risk of rising sea levels & most adversely impacted by climate change & Trump's Paris agreement withdrawal.
Across, the US, we found that there are 9.7 million people living in 5.4 million homes in these 2592 census tracts adjacent to the ocean. You can browse through the various places & census tracts for all states at this link.
The ranking for all states with Florida at the top is given below & the top 30 most impacted places with census tract IDs is listed after the state ranking.
TOP US STATES WITH POPULATION IN CENSUS TRACTS ADJACENT TO THE OCEAN
TOP 30 PLACES IN FLORIDA WITH POPULATION IN CENSUS TRACTS ADJACENT TO THE OCEAN
Download now!
Happy Sunday! We're so pleased to announce this new release of FrostWire Plus for Android. This version includes an important bug fix: now ringtones acn be set as ringtones. Also, it has a lot of speed and stability improvements that will give you a better user experience. Don't wait more! Download it today!
Changelog
FrostWire 1.8.0 – AUG/20/2016
– New jlibtorrent 1.1.0.37
– Speed and stability improvements.
– Fixes download issues with BitSnoop search results.
– Improved swipe gesture detection.
– Replaced Terms of Use dialog for checkbox on final wizard screen.
– Bug fix: ringtones can be set as ringtones.
What is FrostWire?
FrostWire, a BitTorrent Client & YouTube Downloader that makes it easier to search, download, play and share content from the BitTorrent network & cloud sources, all in one place, announced today its new ‘preview' and ‘play as you download' capabilities for Android phones and tablets. The new preview feature not just enables users with a more convenient way to find and discover content, it makes downloading optional in some cases.
Advertisements
New to the Kickstarter?
For European Backers, we WILL BE SHIPPING FROM WITHIN THE EU.
OUTLAW Level Backers get ALL Stretch Goals for FREE
MINE CART Level Backers get ALL Stretch Goals and Add-Ons with the Cart icon (all but those with Green background) for FREE
All Mine Cart Pledge Levels $475 or higher get a Bonus $75 Credit toward getting extra Add-Ons from the Optional Add-Ons Menu
Find a Gameplay Walk-through at the bottom of this page and a collection of rules and gameplay info at http://www.thezombiegame.com/forums/Forum-Sob-Rules
More Gameplay info, Stretch Goals, Add-Ons, and Updates throughout the rest of the Kickstarter Campaign!
Overview
Players create characters, taking on the role of a classic Western Hero Archetype, such as the Law Man, Gunslinger, or Saloon Girl. Forming an adventuring posse, the Heroes venture down into the dark mines, overrun with all manner of ancient demons and foul creatures from another world. With tactical gameplay, lots of dice, and a robust card-driven exploration system, no two games are ever the same as the Heroes explore the mines finding new enemies to fight, new Loot to collect, and new dangers to overcome. Players can even find portals to other worlds, stepping through to continue their adventures on the other side!
An exciting campaign system allows the Players to visit local frontier towns between adventures, spending their hard-earned Loot and building their characters from game to game! As players find fantastic Gear and Artifacts to equip their Heroes, they also gain experience from their adventures. This experience is used to level up, guiding the Hero's path through an expansive, class-specific upgrade tree of new skills and abilities, allowing each player to develop their Hero to fit their own play style.
So load up yer' six shooter, throw on yer' hat and poncho, and gather the posse, the darkness is coming, and all hell's about to break loose... in the Shadows of Brimstone!
Shadows of Brimstone: City of the Ancients Core Set
Contents
Rule Book
Adventure Book
16x Six-sided dice
1x Eight-sided die
1x Special Peril Die
Full Color Die-cut Counters
Over 220 game cards
Enemy and Hero Record Sheets
Large Adventure Reference Cards
CD Soundtrack
Map Tiles
8x Unique Room Map Tiles
4x Standard Room Map Tiles
6x Passage Map Tiles
18x Map Tile End Caps
6x Map Tile Gate End Caps
Miniatures
1x US Marshal Hero
1x Bandido Hero
1x Saloon Girl Hero
1x Gunslinger Hero
12x Void Spiders
6x Stranglers
6x Tentacles
3x Night Terrors
1x Goliath
Shadows of Brimstone: Swamps of Death Core Set
Contents
Rule Book
Adventure Book
16x Six-sided dice
1x Eight-sided die
1x Special Peril Die
Full Color Die-cut Counters
Over 220 game cards
Enemy and Hero Record Sheets
Large Adventure Reference Cards
CD Soundtrack
Map Tiles
8x Unique Room Map Tiles
4x Standard Room Map Tiles
6x Passage Map Tiles
18x Map Tile End Caps
6x Map Tile Gate End Caps
Miniatures
1x Law Man Hero
1x Preacher Hero
1x Indian Scout Hero
1x Rancher Hero
12x Hungry Dead
6x Hell Bats
6x Tentacles
3x Slashers
1x Harbinger
In the Optional Add-Ons Menu, we've just added a whole New Other World for players to explore! Learn more about Trederra in this new video:
The Miniatures
In Shadows of Brimstone, players name their heroes and give them personality, making choices along the way to tailor the character to their liking. We wanted to be sure that the miniatures had the characterful detail to match! We also know that many players will want to paint their figures. Increasing the scale of the figures to the new industry standard for high quality, high detail, easily paintable miniatures was an obvious choice. Our new Shadows of Brimstone figures are 35mm to the top of the head to match the scale of amazing figures from Games Workshop, Privateer Press, and others.
Why Kickstarter?
When we started working on Shadows of Brimstone several years ago, we knew that it had the potential to be a really big and fun project. 'Dungeon Crawl' style games live and breathe on variety; the more monster types you can fight, Heroes you can play as, map tiles you can explore, the better! With that in mind, we knew we wanted to make an entire product range, not just a single, one-off board game. So that is the approach we have taken throughout development - World building and designing all manner of characterful and unspeakable creatures and demons to terrorize the Heroes, and fantastic new worlds to encounter! That being said, developing a full product line takes a lot of resources and a lot of time. It's usually the kind of thing that you do over the course of several years. In our case, we could have simply put a single basic core game through production and released it, then worked on it a bit here and there, releasing new expansions over time, slowly building on the world in the background as we continued releasing other new games and products.
But…Kickstarter offers us the unique possibility to jump in with both feet, and get the support of the community to bring all of these cool and fun ideas to life straight out of the gate! With this Kickstarter Campaign, you don't have to wait years to get amazing new content for this exciting Cooperative Adventure game! It allows us to produce TWO stand alone Core Box Sets to start with instead of just one! To flesh out the product line with tons of great new monsters and creatures to roam the dark mines and pour through the shimmering portals into our world! And to dive into several fantastic Otherworlds to explore as your Old West Heroes step through those shimmering portals to another place and time! It gives us the opportunity to create loads of different Hero Character Classes to play as, each with a unique feel and play-style and with multiple options for the figures you can use to represent them in the game!
With your help, we can redefine what a 'Dungeon Crawl' game can be with a fresh new Old West Horror setting, fun and streamlined mechanics, and infinite possibilities for adventures to unfold!
How Does the Game Play?
Shadows of Brimstone is a fully-cooperative, Dungeon Crawl adventure game! That means that all of the players form a posse and are working together against the game itself, venturing down into the deadly mine shafts on different missions. You may be searching for a local farmer's lost son, carried off in the night by demons, or you might be desperately trying to find a way to seal a portal to another world that creatures are pouring out of!
1-4 Players (or up to 6 Players if combining both Core Box Sets) create their Heroes by selecting a Hero Class to play, such as the Gunslinger or Saloon Girl. That Hero Class defines your basic character stats - how much Health and Sanity you have, how good you are at hitting enemies with your six shooter (or with a right hook), how good you are at solving puzzles or dodging falling boulders, etc. It also defines your basic starting Gear - do you start with a Six Shooter, a Satchel of Dynamite, a Shotgun and Sheriff's Badge? Also, any abilities that all characters of your Hero Class share (a Saloon Girl's Comforting Presence for example). Each Hero also starts with a Random Personal Item that gives them a bit more ‘character', and they get to choose one of three Special Upgrade Abilities unique to their Hero Class. This gives players a chance to start guiding their Hero's development right from the outset!
Once your posse is ready to go, the players roll (or decide) what Mission they have taken on and the game begins! Each Hero is represented by a figure on the game board and all of the figures are placed on the Entrance Map Tile to start the game. All of the Card Decks are shuffled, each Hero gets 1 Grit Token, and the Depth Track is setup with the Hero Party's marker on the entrance and the Darkness marker deep in the mines (at the opposite end of the track).
At the start of each turn, the Hero with the Old Lantern rolls 2 dice to Hold Back the Darkness! This roll needs to be equal to or greater than the number listed on the current stage of the Depth Track. If the roll is passed, the Heroes carry on without delay. If the roll is failed, the Darkness moves one step up the track toward escaping the Mines! But beware, if the Darkness marker ever reaches the entrance space on the Depth Track, it has escaped and the Heroes must flee, failing that mission. As an added element of danger, if the Hold Back the Darkness roll is ever doubles (1-1, 3-3, etc), this instead triggers a random event from the Depth Event Chart equal to that number!
Heroes now take their turn in order of Initiative, with the highest going first. During a Hero's Activation, they roll a die and may move up to the amount rolled. If a 1 is rolled, the Hero also recovers an extra Grit Token. Grit Tokens are used for a number of things in game. A Grit Token may be discarded to Re-roll any number of your dice just rolled (though no die may be Re-rolled more than once), or a Grit Token may be discarded to move an extra die roll worth of spaces during your Movement. A Grit Token may also be used to activate certain powerful character abilities.
After moving, the Hero may attack if there are any enemies on the board, or if they have ended their move in a space adjacent to a doorway (an open exit from the map tile you are on), you may look down the hall and draw a random Map Card to place the next Map Tile, connecting it to the doorway you are looking through. Each time a new Map Tile is placed, you must also move the Hero Party's marker one step forward on the Depth Track, as the Hero Posse delves deeper into the Mines. This is important because as the Heroes go deeper underground, it becomes harder and harder to Hold Back the Darkness (the number required to roll gets higher, the deeper the Hero Party has gone).
Newly placed Map Tiles are always either a Room or a Passage. Passage Tiles have open doorways on all ends and can often split the path in front of the Heroes. They do not, however, contain Encounters for the Heroes to deal with. Room Tiles, on the other hand, always come into play with an Exploration Token on them. As long as there is an unrevealed Exploration Token on a Map Tile, Heroes may not look through Doorways on that Map Tile (you can't explore further than that room with the unrevealed token). At the end of a full Hero Turn (after all Heroes have been Activated), if there are one or more Heroes in a Room with an Exploration Token, that token is revealed!
When revealed, an Exploration Token tells whether the Heroes have been attacked or if they have come across one or more Encounters (needing to draw an Encounter card). The token also has information for how many exits there are in the room and if any of those exits are actually open gateways to another world! Exploration Tokens also sometimes have information on them related to finding clues toward completing your mission.
Encounter cards will usually require one or more Heroes to take a Test using their Skills (such as Agility, Luck, Lore, etc) and will describe a situation that the Heroes have found themselves in. Perhaps they have found the sight of a Massacre and must carefully pick their way through the gore, or they may have come across a lost prospector wandering the mines; will he help them, or does he hold dark secrets of his own?!
When an Attack occurs, the Heroes must draw an Enemy card to see what they will face! There are three Enemy Decks of increasing Threat Level (Green, Yellow, and Red). The Hero Party generally draws a card from the Threat Level based on the number of Heroes in the Party (1-2 Heroes=Green, 3-4 Heroes=Yellow, and 5-6 Heroes=Red), though occasionally this will change based on what caused the attack or if you have found your Mission Objective!
At the start of an Attack, Enemies are placed on the board and will move and fight based on a simple set of guidelines. Fights are handled in Initiative order, from highest to lowest, and Enemies always go first where Initiatives are tied.
Once all of the Enemies are defeated by the Heroes, each Hero is allowed to draw a Loot card for each Enemy Threat card that took part in the fight. These Loot cards will give the Hero Money, shards of rare Dark Stone, or even let them draw a piece of useful Gear or a powerful Artifact. Heroes also gain Experience for every Enemy they defeated (or for Wounds that they caused to larger Enemies) and the Heroes are allowed to Catch Their Breath, recovering a small amount of Health and/or Sanity.
Any Heroes that are Knocked Out during the Fight, are not generally killed, but rather at the end of the Fight must roll on the Injury Chart (if Health 0) or on the Insanity Chart (if Sanity 0). This usually recovers some amount of Health/Sanity for them, but they may have a longer lasting penalty for their injuries. It also moves the Darkness marker up the Depth Track a bit. If all of the Heroes are ever Knocked Out at the same time, the Mission is automatically failed!
The Mission the Heroes are currently on details what they need to do to complete their objective! Often times, this simply requires the Heroes to find enough clues (through Exploration Tokens) to find the Objective Room and defeat a small horde of Enemies, rescue someone, or recover an occult artifact!
We will go into more detail on Fights, Enemies, and the Campaign system between adventures shortly.
“We look at a wide array of what they accomplished on the field of play and what they do in their communities,” he added.
Jenna Lynch, the senior associate marketing manager for Wheaties, added, “We hear from fans all the time about who should be on the Wheaties box.”
Louganis has said that homophobia was most likely the reason that Wheaties did not put him on its box after the 1984 and 1988 Summer Olympics. There were rumors that he was gay during his Olympic career, but he did not come out publicly until the Gay Games in 1994. In his autobiography the next year, he revealed that he had tested positive for H.I.V. before the 1988 Summer Games. Out of fear, Louganis did not tell the doctor about his condition after he bloodied his head on the springboard during the Games.
Louganis said that he had no hard feelings about General Mills from the 1980s and praised its diversity program and its support of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.
“The times have changed so drastically and so fast,” he said during a telephone conversation last week. “When I came out to my mom, she feared I'd always be a second-class citizen and never have a chance to be married. But Johnny and I are married, and we're making a life together.” Louganis married Johnny Chaillot in 2013.
Louganis said he did not mind that his box would be one of a series with other Olympians.
“Edwin and I were in the 1976 Olympics together,” he said. “He was my hero. God, he was my inspiration to get trust funds put in place for the athletes coming behind me.” With pride in his voice, he added, “I watched Janet grow up at Mission Viejo.”
Getting on the Wheaties box can seem as much an achievement as the athletic prowess that leads to it.
A choice of staple skill gems are given out as quest rewards throughout the game to ensure that players have a variety of skills available.
Description
As you adventure through Wraeclast the locals will often reward your deeds with skill gems, items or stat boosts which shall help you to uncover the continent's mysteries. Your potential rewards however change based on class.
Over the playthrough, characters receive 22 passive skill points (up to 24 including the bandit quest rewards) and 20 skill refund points. The quest Deal with the Bandits can also increase character attributes or give up to two skill points. Below are the possible rewards your hero may receive to aid in their journey.
Several NPCs sell items and grants various quest rewards after a quest is completed. As more quests are completed they will open up their shop and sell more of their items to the character. NPCs who sell jewelry, flasks and currency will also sell leveled gems once specific quests have been completed. These gems can be found in the -2- tab of the respective vendor. A few examples of these NPCs are Nessa, Siosa and Lilly Roth. Siosa sells unleveled quest reward gems across all classes for the quests you've completed, while Lilly Roth sells every unleveled non-drop exclusive gem.
For an alphabetical list of quest reward gems that lists when each class is offered it see Quest Reward Gems.
Can't find the gem you're looking for? Check the list of Drop Only Gems for gems that are not quest rewards.
Starting Skill Gems
At the start of your adventures in Wraeclast, you will get a skill gem and a support gem; see The Twilight Strand (Act 1) for details.
The Dealing With the Bandits Quest
This quest has four different rewards that are permanent player stat bonuses. These rewards can be changed at a later time, but this is very expensive.
The Bandit Lord Oak The Bandit Lord Alira The Bandit Lord Kraityn Kill All Bandits 1% of Life Regenerated per second
2% additional Physical Damage Reduction
20% increased Physical Damage 5 Mana Regenerated per second
+20% to Global Critical Strike Multiplier
+15% to all Elemental Resistances 6% increased Attack and Cast Speed
3% chance to Dodge Attacks
6% increased Movement Speed 2 Passive Skill Points
Quest rewards
Due to item restrictions in the time limited leagues, quest rewards might be different than shown here.
Vendor quest rewards
Vendors will offer certain skill gems as soon quests are completed. Unlike gems awarded by quest rewards, these gems are unlimited in quantity and have ~1% (?) of the player's current experience (with adjustmentes for their base starting level).
The cost of the gems will gradually increase.
See also
Version History
Image: University of Tehran/CAST
Iranian researchers at the University of Tehran unveiled yesterday the latest generation of their humanoid robot, named Surena III. In a demonstration, the adult-sized robot walked across a stage, imitated a person's arm gestures, and stood on one foot while bending backwards.
Dr. Aghil Yousefi-Koma, a professor of mechanical engineering who leads the Surena project, tells IEEE Spectrum that the robot is designed as a research platform to explore bipedal locomotion, human-robot interaction, and other challenges in robotics. He also hopes Surena can help show the importance of engineering careers to students and the public, adding that he views the robot as a symbol of technology advancement “in the direction of peace and humanity.”
Photo: University of Tehran/CAST Meet Surena III, Iran's newest humanoid. An earlier model, Surena II, stands in the back.
With a sleek plastic casing and bright LED eyes, Surena III is 1.9 meters (6 feet 3 inches) tall and weighs in at 98 kilograms (216 lbs). It's equipped with a host of sensors, including a Kinect-based 3D vision module, and its joints are powered by 31 servomotors. The control software running on the robot and a monitoring system used by human operators to supervise its functions are based on the popular Robot Operating System, or ROS.
Compared to some of the world's most advanced humanoids, Surena seems to have more limited capabilities. Honda's famed Asimo can run and hop on one foot, and a new, experimental humanoid the company is developing can even climb a vertical ladder. Several robots that participated in the DARPA Robotics Challenge, a disaster-response competition inspired by the Fukushima nuclear emergency, were able to perform tasks like driving a vehicle, operating power tools, and walking over a pile of bricks. These robots included Atlas, developed by Boston Dynamics (a company acquired by Alphabet); Carnegie Mellon's CHIMP; and South Korea's DRC-HUBO, the winner of the competition.
Surena has yet to demonstrate that level of mobility and dexterity, but the Iranian humanoid has been making steady progress in the past seven years. The first version of the robot, unveiled in 2008, had only 8 degrees of freedom (DOF). Surena 2, announced in 2010, had 22 DOF and could walk at a pace of 0.03 meters per second. Now the third generation of the robot has 31 DOF and a walking speed nearly 10 times as fast, at 0.2 m/s.
Dr. Yousefi-Koma, who heads University of Tehran's Center for Advanced Systems and Technologies (CAST), where Surena was developed, says he followed the DRC events and, although Surena was not developed to participate in that competition, “one of the best applications for this robot may be employing it in disasters.”
He says Surena III, funded by the Industrial Development and Renovation Organization of Iran, is currently able to walk up and down stairs and ramps, adapt to irregularities on the ground, grasp objects, and also kick a soccer ball. He sent us footage showing some of those capabilities:
To build Surena III, the Iranian researchers significantly upgraded the robot's sensors and actuators over the previous version. The vision system now allows the robot to detect faces and objects and track a person's motions. A speech system can recognize some predefined sentences in Persian. Encoders embedded on all joints, six-axis force/torque sensors on the ankles, and an IMU on the torso help the robot remain stable. To power Surena's hips and legs, the researchers used a combination of Maxon brushless dc motors, harmonic drives, and timing belt-pulley systems. The upper body uses ROBOTIS Dynamixel AX and MX servos.
The group also completely revamped the software system. It's now based on ROS, and Dr. Yousefi-Koma says it “enables the robot to simultaneously communicate with the environment, manage its behaviors, monitor its sensors, and detect unwanted faults in the system.” A supervisory system with a graphical interface allows the researchers to monitor all joints and sensors, and a SDK with integrated C++ libraries allows them to more easily create and test new behaviors for the robot.
Photos: Image: University of Tehran/CAST Surena III kicking a ball, walking up a ramp, and walking down a set of steps.
About 70 students, engineers, and professors from Tehran University and five other Iranian institutions helped design and build Surena III. Local companies developing robotics software and speech systems also contributed to the project, and Dr. Yousefi-Koma expects that some of the technology developed for the humanoid could find applications in manufacturing, healthcare, and other industries.
He says his group will focus now on the robot's interactions with humans, and they want to make it more autonomous as well. They're also preparing papers about the project, hoping to present them at IEEE conferences in the near future. And they are already making plans for Surena IV.
Mo Brooks 11.17.15
U.S. Rep. Mo Brooks appeared on Fox Business Network on Tuesday to discuss Syrian refugees coming to the U.S.
Echoing the stances of Alabama Sens. Richard Shelby and Jeff Sessions, U.S. Rep. Mo Brooks said Congress should take away funding for Syrian refugees coming to America.
Appearing Tuesday on Fox Business Network's "Lou Dobbs Tonight", Brooks, R-Huntsville, said stripping funding for refugees is the "only guaranteed path to success" to stopping the flow.
Congress should exercise its power of authorizing government spending to cut funding for the Syrian refugees, Brooks said.
Brooks also cited the more than 30 governors, including Alabama's Robert Bentley, who have voiced opposition to having Syrian refugees placed in their states in wake of last week's terror attacks in Paris.
Fears were raised when a Syrian passport was found on the body of one of the terrorists killed in Paris, raising concerns by some of allowing the refugees into the U.S. That passport has now been determined by French police to be fake, The Washington Post reported Wednesday.
President Obama has planned to allow at least 10,000 Syrian refugees into the U.S. in 2016, a plan announced months before the Paris attacks.
"I think the American people are pretty strongly on our side as are a clear majority of the governors on our side," Brooks said. "And perhaps the Democrats will join us under those circumstances where the president will yield."
Dobbs asked Brooks to respond to Obama's criticism of allowing Christian refugees into the U.S. and not Muslims. Obama's criticism was a reaction to, among others, GOP presidential hopeful Ted Cruz comments about accepting Christian refugees. Brooks is Cruz's presidential campaign chairman in Alabama.
"Like it or not, these are the facts," Brooks said. "And the facts are, unfortunately, all or almost all of the terrorism that has occurred around the globe in the last 10 or 20 years has involved people who happen to be Muslim and who justify their murder and their heinous conduct toward people based on their religious faith.
"So I think we need to be much more careful with respect to this issue than we have been and not turn a blind eye to it as the president wants us to."
Watch the full interview below.
Updated Nov. 18, 2015 with reports of the Syrian passport found on one of the Paris attacks to be fake.
Oil Firms Seen Cutting Exploration Spending
Emails: Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email: Send email to me as well Subject: Comments: 200-character limit.
Global oil firms are about to cut exploration spending, pulling back from frontier areas and jeopardizing their future reserves, industry insiders say.
OSLO, Feb 17 (Reuters) - Global oil firms, hit by one of the worst years for discovery in two decades, are about to cut exploration spending, pulling back from frontier areas and jeopardising their future reserves, industry insiders say.
Notable exploration failures in high-profile places such as Africa's west coast, from Angola all the way up to Sierra Leone, have pushed down valuations for exploration-focused firms and are now forcing oil majors to change tack.
"It is becoming increasingly difficult to find new oil and gas, and in particular new oil," says Tim Dodson, the exploration chief of Statoil, the world's top conventional explorer last year.
"The discoveries tend to be somewhat smaller, more complex, more remote, so it is very difficult to see a reversal of that trend," Dodson told Reuters. "The industry at large will probably struggle to go forward with reserve replacement."
Although final numbers are not yet available, Dodson said 2013 may have been the industry's worst year for oil exploration since 1995.
As a result, exploration will probably be cut, especially in the newest areas, said Lysle Brinker, the director of energy equity research at consultancy firm IHS.
"They'll be scaling back on some exploration, like the Arctic or the deepest waters with limited infrastructure ... So places like the Gulf of Mexico and Brazil will continue to see a lot of activity, but frontier regions will see some scaling back," he said.
Oil majors, which have a large resource base to maintain, are suffering the most, as the world is running out of very large conventional oil fields, and access to acreage, particularly in the Middle East, is limited.
That is leaving them with an increasing number of gas projects.
"When you look at the mix of oil and gas of the majors, it is definitely moving towards gas - simply because they can't access conventional oil, which ultimately I believe will have an impact on oil prices," said Ashley Heppenstall, the CEO of Sweden's Lundin Petroleum, which co-discovered Johan Sverdrup, the biggest North Sea oil field in decades.
Prices Down Then Up
Before oil prices rise from a lack of exploration, they are first expected to fall, squeezing margins and forcing further investment cutbacks.
The International Energy Agency sees oil prices down at $102 per barrel next year from the current $108 as several producers ramp up output.
"Oil prices need to remain at elevated levels because there is a risk that a fall in oil prices or a cutback in investments by companies will mean that production growth slows," said Virendra Chauhan, an oil analyst at consultancy Energy Aspects.
Although world oil reserves increased by 1 percent in 2012, they equalled just 52.9 years of global consumption, down from 54.2 in 2011, energy firm BP has said previously. BP sees consumption up by 19 million barrels a day by 2035, which would represent a 21 percent increase on th U.S. Energy Information Administration's (EIA) estimate for 2011.
Energy firms have already been shifting capital from conventional to shale production, and this trend could continue as the exploration risk is smaller, the lag from investment to cash-flow is shorter, and project sizes are more manageable.
This is weighing negatively on the shares of exploration-focused companies.
"Explorer stocks are trading at discovery value or a discount to it, so from an equity market perspective, there's no interest in owning exploration stories. People are losing faith in exploration," said Anish Kapadia, a research analyst at consultancy Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. International.
Shares in Europe's explorers fell 20 percent over the past year, underperforming a 2-percent rise by the European oil index .
Tullow is down 39 percent in a year, while peers Cairn and Cobalt are down 33 percent, and OGX is down 92 percent.
The spending cutback also cut mergers and acquisitions activity by half last year, IHS data showed, and plans to boost shareholder returns could shift focus to cooperation rather than fully fledged takeovers.
"You will probably see more activity at the asset level more than at the corporate level ... More joint ventures, swapping assets, buying and selling of assets,' said Jeremy Bentham, Shell's vice-president for business environment.
Insiders believe the cuts may not be reversed until capital tied up in projects like Chevron's $54 billion Gorgon LNG or Conoco's $25 billion Australia Pacific LNG start producing cash flow and return.
"There will be less investor pressure, then companies can get activity back up, so this may be a pause of a couple of years where companies scale back," Brinker said.
Tweet Emails: Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email: Send email to me as well Subject: Comments: 200-character limit.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
Generated by readers, the comments included herein do not reflect the views and opinions of Rigzone. All comments are subject to editorial review. Off-topic, inappropriate or insulting comments will be removed.
Starting in second grade, California high school student Leilani Thomas has been refusing to pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States. For years, she told Sacramento ABC affiliate KXTV, she's been quietly affirming her First Amendment right to free speech, a right encompassing the freedom to dissent, to critique the powerful, to think and act as a self-determined human being. Thomas is also Native American. As such, she has expressed complex feelings regarding the United States and its flag. Until now, however, there has been no incident, no controversy, no media coverage of steadfast actions borne of personal conviction. She is not a politician stumping for vote, or a selfie star hoping to gain followers. She is a teenage girl trying to make it through the social gauntlet of high school.
Then San Francisco 49ers backup quarterback Colin Kaepernick decided to take a political stand by not rising to his feet when cued by the familiar strains of “The Star-Spangled Banner.” His reason? “I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color. …There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder.” He is sitting down, in other words, in order to stand up for social justice.
National anthems amplify the collective political unconscious, and “The Star-Spangled Banner” is no exception. As the Intercept's Jon Schwartz pointed out, a racist legacy of anti-Black violence is baked into that particular song. Francis Scott Key was not only its lyricist but a slaveholder, Schwartz noted, and in the song he “literally celebrates the murder of African Americans.” The crucial lines come in the third stanza: “No refuge could save the hireling and slave/ From the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave.” The dark glee of those words charges the refrain, “the land of the free and the home of the brave,” with chilling sadism, even as they add the intolerable weight of history to Kaepernick's controversial comments.
When we sing the national anthem during the capitalist pageant that is professional football, yet insist on sticking to just the first stanza because, we reason, it's so very long and we are anxious to get to the game, we collectively agree to the anomie of historical amnesia, refusing to see the wholeness of a vivid and seemingly deathless pattern of racist violence while insisting: I paid to be here. Now entertain me!
But Thomas's protest is prior to Kaepernick's in more ways than one. For before the Pilgrims, before the colonies, before the foundation of the United States took it away, this land belonged to indigenous peoples. To acknowledge this simple fact mutates the meaning of “land of the free and the home of the brave” once again. Thomas refuses to pledge allegiance to the flag because her people are victims of genocide at the hands of the U.S. government.
“It is not an exaggeration to say that California legislators also established a state-sponsored killing machine,” historian Benjamin Madley wrote in a recent op-ed in the Los Angeles Times:
SPONSORED
By demonstrating that the state would not punish Indian killers, but instead reward them, militia expeditions helped inspire vigilantes to kill at least 6,460 California Indians between 1846 and 1873…. In effect, the state legalized abduction and enslavement of Indian minors; slavers exploited indenture laws and federal officials prevented U.S. Army intervention to protect the victims.
And so Thomas sits during the Pledge of Allegiance recited daily at her school. She has done so for years without incident, garnering no press, and provoking no backlash from authorities. Not until this week.
“She told me I was being disrespectful and I was pretty mad,” Thomas said of her teacher at Lower Lake High School. “She was being disrespectful to me also, saying I was making bad choices, and I don't have the choice to sit during the pledge.”
In a different interview, Thomas affirmed that her teacher “says that it [the flag] represents the military and that they risked their lives for us…And I always tell her, ‘Well, my people risked our lives for our land, for our freedom. For our rights'.”
The teacher punished Thomas and an unnamed friend who'd likewise refused to say the pledge, by reducing their participation grade in her class. Other schools are adopting a similarly authoritarian stance and insisting that all students pledge allegiance — or else.
But Thomas' teacher was wrong on two counts. The flag does not represent the military, and Thomas does have the choice, as well as the right, to sit during the pledge. As Hugo award-winning author N.K. Jemisin observed correctly: in this country, it's still unconstitutional to force students to say the Pledge of Allegiance.
In 1943, the United States was fighting a world war, and patriotic sentiments were running high. Arguably, it was because this country was battling the forces of fascism and Nazism abroad that the Supreme Court determined it was unconstitutional to compel Americans to pledge allegiance to the flag. If “there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation,” the justices of the Supreme Court wrote, “it is that no official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics, nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion or force citizens to confess by word or act their faith therein.” In a separate but related controversy, the “stiff arm” salute to the U.S. flag, which was then required during the singing of the national anthem and the saying of the pledge, was being challenged due to its confusingly close resemblance to the Nazi salute. In the public sphere, in a sports venue such as the 1936 Olympic Stadium in Berlin, it was impossible to differentiate between an American Nazi sympathizer hiding behind the mantle of patriotism, and a hapless chump made to appear that way in a photo framed by his political enemies. In 1942, Congress responded by introducing the “hand-over-heart” convention still followed today.
The gestures and rituals of patriotism are mutable things. Context matters. So does history. Today, the U.S. no longer pays vigilantes to exterminate Natives under the rubric of public safety and social hygiene. Instead, governments at the state and federal level merely ignore Native concerns and Native peoples, using dehumanizing imagery while shouting over them so loudly that even the well-intentioned can't hear them.
Earlier this week, a devastating infographic assembled by assistant professor and educator Sarah Park Dahlen showed that fewer than one percent of children's books feature any Native American/First Nations characters, rendering entire groups non-entities in cultural consciousness by dint of systematic omission. Pop culture isn't any more enlightened, prompting comic book writer Gail Simone to offer this trenchant tweet:
Right. If there's one Native American lead character, killing him means killing 100% of that representation. https://t.co/GafIujjFKs — GAIL SIMONE (@GailSimone) September 16, 2016
For Seriously.tv, host Dylan Marron “unboxed” the “Mistreatment of Native Americans,” offering a cheerfully snarky three-minute primer regarding the ongoing patterns of cultural and political abuse of Natives in this country. Most recently, the lack of media attention being paid to the epic protest by the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in North Dakota handily exposes the political mechanisms of cultural erasure via an unusually blatant display of institutional racism — the civilized, difficult-to-see racism, which has to do with legislating economic and power structures in your favor, instead of shooting innocent people (of color) when they get in your way.
Along with representatives from other tribes, environmental activists, and delegates from the Toronto arm of Black Lives Matter, the Sioux are defending their rights to tribal sovereignty, and standing to protect sacred lands from being destroyed by a three-billion-dollar oil pipeline. They are standing to protect their water supply. They are standing to protect their lives. Yet the stand-off has been going on for months with hardly any media outlets paying attention, not even after private security forces released attack dogs against peaceful protesters.
A horrifying abuse of human rights, the use of dogs to intimidate people of color looks a lot like what happened in histories not taught in school, of legal killings of Natives and the use of terror to ensure political obedience. The incident didn't appear on the nightly news. And yet, it happened. Is happening today.
And so, in California, Thomas sits in protest, refusing to pledge allegiance to the flag, for the same reason that tribal chiefs in North Dakota are standing to protect indigenous lands. As to why they are prepared to defy corporate power and state authority, to risk so much for what appears to many to be nothing at all, they are united, firm, and clear. They are “standing not just for Indigenous, they stand for humanity â€ª#NoDAPL.”
Who cares about the fate of humanity, except for storybook heroes? Well, that's the thing, isn't it? Because in real life, the heroes protecting the planet from the wrath of the Empire are black and brown people, fighting for truth, justice, and the future.
Scientists have discovered a new species of tiny pea crab within a large date mussel collected in the Solomon Islands.
The crab has been named Serenotheres janus after Janus, the Roman two-faced god because of a large plate that covers its upper carapace, giving it the illusion of being two-faced.
S. janus is the second known species within the pea crab genus Serenotheres, members of which parasitize rock-boring mussels of the subfamily Lithophaginae, the researchers write.
Scientists have discovered a new species of tiny pea crab within a large date mussel collected in the Solomon Islands.
Pea crabs — about the size of peas — are parasitic, living inside oysters, mussels, clams and other shellfish. They feed off the food filtered by the hosts, and rely on them for safety.
The newly described pea crab, too, is a parasite, and lives inside the golden date mussel (Leiosolenus obesus), researchers report in a study published last month in the journal ZooKeys.
Discoverers Peter Ng of the National University of Singapore, and Christopher Meyer of the U.S. National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution, have named the new species Serenotheres janus after Janus, the Roman two-faced god because the crab has a large, overhanging plate covering its upper carapace, giving it an illusion of being two-faced.
The new crab is the second known species within the pea crab genus Serenotheres that parasitize rock-boring mussels of the subfamily Lithophaginae, the researchers write. The genus was previously represented only by S. besutensis, which was reported from an unidentified species of mussel collected in live coral from an island off Peninsular Malaysia. The new crab species S. janus has a broader carapace than its relative and is cream-yellow in color.
Both crabs have an additional large plate covering the upper side of their shell. But the purpose of the plate is still unknown, researchers say.
Citation:
PULLMAN, Wash. - Washington State University physicists have created a fluid with negative mass, which is exactly what it sounds like. Push it, and unlike every physical object in the world we know, it doesn't accelerate in the direction it was pushed. It accelerates backwards.
The phenomenon is rarely created in laboratory conditions and can be used to explore some of the more challenging concepts of the cosmos, said Michael Forbes, a WSU assistant professor of physics and astronomy and an affiliate assistant professor at the University of Washington. The research appears today in the journal Physical Review Letters, where it is featured as an "Editor's Suggestion."
Hypothetically, matter can have negative mass in the same sense that an electric charge can be either negative or positive. People rarely think in these terms, and our everyday world sees only the positive aspects of Isaac Newton's Second Law of Motion, in which a force is equal to the mass of an object times its acceleration, or F=ma. In other words, if you push an object, it will accelerate in the direction you're pushing it. Mass will accelerate in the direction of the force.
"That's what most things that we're used to doing," said Forbes, hinting at the bizarreness to come. "With negative mass, if you push something, it accelerates toward you."
Conditions for negative mass
He and his colleagues created the conditions for negative mass by cooling rubidium atoms to just a hair above absolute zero, creating what is known as a Bose-Einstein condensate. In this state, predicted by Satyendra Nath Bose and Albert Einstein, particles move extremely slowly and, following the principles of quantum mechanics, behave like waves. They also synchronize and move in unison as what is known as a superfluid, which flows without losing energy.
Led by Peter Engels, WSU professor of physics and astronomy, researchers on the sixth floor of Webster Hall created these conditions by using lasers to slow the particles, making them colder, and allowing hot, high energy particles to escape like steam, cooling the material further.
The lasers trapped the atoms as if they were in a bowl measuring less than a hundred microns across. At this point, the rubidium superfluid has regular mass. Breaking the bowl will allow the rubidium to rush out, expanding as the rubidium in the center pushes outward.
To create negative mass, the researchers applied a second set of lasers that kicked the atoms back and forth and changed the way they spin. Now when the rubidium rushes out fast enough, if behaves as if it has negative mass. "Once you push, it accelerates backwards," said Forbes, who acted as a theorist analyzing the system. "It looks like the rubidium hits an invisible wall."
Avoiding underlying defects
The technique used by the WSU researchers avoids some of the underlying defects encountered in previous attempts to understand negative mass.
"What's a first here is the exquisite control we have over the nature of this negative mass, without any other complications" said Forbes. Their research clarifies, in terms of negative mass, similar behavior seen in other systems. This heightened control gives researchers a new tool to engineer experiments to study analogous physics in astrophysics, like neutron stars, and cosmological phenomena like black holes and dark energy, where experiments are impossible. "It provides another environment to study a fundamental phenomenon that is very peculiar," Forbes said.
###
Forbes' colleagues on the Physical Review Letters paper include WSU research assistants Mohammad Khamehchi, Khalid Hossain and Maren Mossman, as well as Thomas Busch in Japan and Yongping Zhang in China and Japan. The work was supported in part by a WSU New Faculty Seed Grant and the National Science Foundation.
On Saturday morning, ESPN's "College GameDay" included a feature about pregame motivational speeches from football coaches. Afterward, the analysts told stories of their favorite pregame speeches.
Desmond Howard wouldn't reveal what Bo Schembechler used to say at Michigan (it would be NSFW), but he did have a pretty incredible story about what Mike Holmgren told the Packers before playing the Patriots in Super Bowl XXXI.
Howard said Holmgren brought the team into a meeting room that had a "cafeteria-sized table" covered in a big white sheet and revealed the real reason why the team should play hard.
Here's Howard's full story:
When I was with the Green Bay Packers and we're in New Orleans. Let me set the scene: we come down to a meeting room. There was like a cafeteria-size table with a cloth over a strange-shaped object. So Mike Holmgren, he goes over in front of this table, he starts talking about the team and why we're here and what the Super Bowl means. He takes the sheet, he takes it off the table -- almost $100,000 in cash right there on that table. He says, "Gentleman -- this is what we're playing for. A ring and for this. Not collectively. Individually. That's what you get. That cash right there." Enough said! I was extremely motivated.
That's putting it mildly -- Howard was highly motivated, becoming the first-ever special-teams player to win a Super Bowl MVP award.
Howard returned a third-quarter kick 99 yards for a score and finished with 244 total return yards on six punt returns and four kick returns.
There's no telling exactly how much money was on the figurative table -- win shares weren't quite at $100,000 back in the day -- but certainly the message from Holmgren hit home. Go out and win this game and you'll get a big old pile of money in addition to the ring and the fame.
For Howard, the money was a big part of that. Can't blame him one bit. And now he's got a great story to boot.
As a season of declines draws toward a close, NASCAR received a much-needed jolt in the ratings on Sunday.
NASCAR Sprint Cup racing from Texas, the seventh race in the Chase for the Cup, drew a 2.8 final rating and 4.7 million viewers on ESPN Sunday afternoon — up 8% in ratings and 14% in viewership from last year (2.6, 4.2M) and up 12% and 20%, respectively, from 2012 (2.5, 3.9M). The telecast ranks as the highest rated fall Texas race since 2011 (2.9) and the most-watched since 2010 (4.8M).
The race was only the sixth of 30 Sprint Cup telecasts this season to have an increase in ratings and the seventh to have an increase in viewership. In addition, it was just the third race to hit a multi-year high in either measure. Watkins Glen hit a four-year high on ESPN in August, albeit just hours after an incident involving Tony Stewart. Loudon hit a three-year high the following month.
ADVERTISEMENT
Sunday's race ended with a massive brawl involving Jeff Gordon and Brad Keselowski, an incident that has garnered much mainstream attention. It is unlikely that the brawl had any impact on the numbers, as it took place at the end of the race.
More encouraging for NASCAR is the possibility that the Chase format is starting to generate the interest that was intended. The revamped Chase had zero positive impact on the ratings prior to Texas, as five of six races declined from last year. It could be the case that the impact of the new format was not going to be felt until the final few races.
Of course, that is speculation. It is not unusual for a handful of NASCAR races to increase during an otherwise down year. Each time NASCAR has looked like it was on the verge of a turnaround this season — after two straight increases in August and again after a solid start to the Chase — it has fallen back underwater relatively quickly. Even if next week's race at Phoenix also improves over last year, it would remain to be seen whether that is due to the new Chase, fallout from the brawl, or simply another fluky result.
(Sun. numbers from ESPN)
Medarot 7 was playable at the Saikyo V-JUMP Festa, and Japanese bloggers have written up a summary of the demo they played. Kimbles once again provides us an English translation of it all:
►Shoot and Snipe are now grouped into a single “Ranged” skill. Likewise, Strike and Berserk are grouped together as “Physical”. The grouped skills are levelled up at the same time.
►Battles feel twice as fast. Charge/cooldown happens quickly and the overall tempo is nice. (However, since it's so fast it might take some getting used to.)
►Power of attacks seems to have increased; Bluesdog's head rifle does around 140 damage.
►Bluesdog's head cannon attack animation has it firing from a gun in its chest, like Cyandog in the manga.
►Assassin attacks do around 160 damage with a Physical stat of 25. In exchange for having a 100% chance of critical, the part now self destructs unless it destroys an enemy part. (?)
►Break's mechanics are somehow different, and its animation looks cool.
►A-Buraage's arms are now fire (shown as a blue will o' wisp) and its head is a trap.
►Enemy traps show up as a ? until triggered, so you can't tell what kind of trap is placed.
►Rouge Katze uses shooting thunder attacks, and stop still prevents movement/defending/dodging like before.
►There's a charge beam attack, where you charge up energy at the starting line and unleash it all at once.
►Snipe attack animations show the Medarot aiming with a crosshair before attacking. (Shown in the trailer)
►Guard/Defense actions don't have animations, instead showing up as an icon on the bottom screen.
►”Combos” – Lets you link up to 3 part actions that use skills that match the medal, done by pressing Y when selecting a part. The combo can't include guard/defending actions but you can use stuff like scan.
►It no longer cancels the attack if the target Medarot is destroyed, instead it chooses another target.
►Tornado now temporarily makes the target unable to move (and possibly does other things).
►Peppercat's head part now uses “Stealth”.
►Matching sets of parts have unique poses on the parts select screen.
►Pressing select in a battle gives you the option to surrender. (hasn't been a feature since the first game.)
►Something about combo attacks if multiple Medarots arrive at the attacking line at the same time.
►Tart's Doctor Study is named “Docta” like in the manga.
►The AR card reader is in an option when you start the game up, so you can't use it unless you have the game?
►The staff are interested in having tournaments for the game if possible.
►They're taking the lessons learned from DS and putting lots of effort into the story.
I've been sitting in the hollow annals of a nondescript living room waiting for whom for the sake of anonymity I will call Jamie to return from a quick run down the street where he will score dope for the couple sitting in front of me. Who the couple are I haven't the faintest idea, but telling from the way they hold themselves one thing is for sure they've got money to burn and are as jittery as hell. A cursory observation at the male side of the couple will reveal him to be wearing one of those nice cashmere sweaters that Ralph Lauren are so good at making even though his brogue accent (south Boston I wonder?) and worn white sneakers defy that image, even though the presence of a diamond pinkie ring the size of a cicada does make one wonder.
It's been at least 15 minutes and Jamie hasn't returned and the couple who for anonymity's sake I will call Jack and Jane are already chain smoking on their fifth Marlboro. By now we are all done with the usual formalities of what we all do for a living (Jack sells medical equipment and Jane does something with motor vehicles) and as much I don't particularly mind them I'm wondering why Jamie (who for most ostentatious purposes is a good friend of mine and as well as a published author who happens to also write for some of the nation's esteemed journals) has left me in this very unsavory position.
Even though I personally don't use dope I have tried to understand its attraction and appeal. On a molecular level it's a derivation of morphine which is synthesized and derived from opium poppy. Introduced by physicians in the nineteenth century to deal with traumatic pain it helped sufferers alleviate pain by shutting down certain nerve receptors and fueling the release of endorphins from the brain which to the uninitiated user leads to sudden violent vomiting. I don't know why but one look at the middle aged couple in front of me tells me that they wont be vomiting any time soon…
Ever since I have known Jamie he has used heroin. According to one chat I had with him one day- he started using when he was fourteen years old, first sniffing and then eventually injecting it. I remember asking him if he had ‘chased the dragon,' a process which involves inhaling the vapors over an aluminum foil as it is heated with its content on top. If I recall correctly he said it was too messy and anyway he nearly burned himself one day and at this stage of the game he only ever gets off on it if he injects it.
While we are waiting, listening to Beethoven in the background (Jamie after all does have eclectic taste) the three of us become acutely aware of the empty dope bags scattered along the floor and the half empty syringe filled with fluid and blood sitting on the table directly in front of us. For the uninitiated it can be a crude display of table manners but in Jamie's case he rarely invites people over except if they are close friends and inevitably very aware of his particular peccadilloes. In any respect the sight of a daggered flimsy instrument capable of delivering so much pain and comfort is an audacious one.
It's at this point that Jamie finally arrives, half breathing out of breath and half elated.
“That fucker Nelson- I told him he better not rip me off and he nearly would have if I hadn't kept an eye out on him.”
Nelson if one is to understand it correctly is the go between, the dealer that holds court in the projects 3 blocks away who has managed to make a name for himself. As much as Jamie can't stand Nelson, he enjoys the occasional treat that he will drop by if he is in the neighborhood. Of course Jamie is under no illusion that these treats come if Nelson hasn't heard from in a few days as for anyone who knows a committed heroin user has to maintain his daily retinue of dope or begin to go into agonizing withdrawal symptoms.
Out of his coat Jamie pulls out a tidy plastic bag with at least ten bundles with an estimated street value of $700 which he has managed to pick up for what he later tells me for roughly $575. Taking a nice stack for himself he then begins the delicate task of prepping himself. First he finds a tablespoon, dispenses the contents of the small white bag into the spoon, tops it with some water and a tiny cotton bud to act as a buffer before pulling the syringe in. He then looks at you as if he were drinking lemonade before sliding up his sleeve and calmly injecting himself.
The couple on their half take the product, dispense it on a plate and begin to take out $50 bills, neatly curling them before using it as a surrogate hoover to inhale the contents. As unsavory and formidable as it all seems it ultimately is for everyone involved a very calming effect. At first slightly jittery, everyone seems to now be relaxed, although Jamie is admittedly jittering like a squadron leader sent into enemy territory. He soon reaches for a bottle of vodka, calmly pours some for me and himself (the guests strangely decline) before wildly gobbling at it. A tea party it is not, but the irony is that the thing that all these 3 people have taken in some coarse fashion is a scene that is played daily in millions of suburban homes as the average American reaches for his or prescribed oxycotin (itself a derivative of opiates) the legalized painkiller anyone can acquire upon receiving a doctor's prescription.
Share
While astronaut communication with us terrestrial beings isn't all that uncommon (it happens through Twitter, space videos, and sometimes, even a phone call), getting to “speak” one-on-one with a denizen of the International Space Station is still a pretty spectacular experience. I mean, come on — not everyone is stationed in space. Today, astronaut Scott Kelly hosted a live “Answer Time” session, essentially Tumblr's answer to Reddit's wildly popular “Ask Me Anything” series. Questions ranged from the practical to the puny and everything in between during the candid session, and both the inquiries and their responses made for some pretty hilarious reading.
The whole session began, of course, with the age-old question — how would this non-pants wearing entity wear pants?
The answer? According to Kelly, he's worn the same pair of pants for six months — guess there's really no one to impress that high above the stratosphere.
There were quite a lot of food-related questions, with a number of Tumblr users curious about both the taste of space meals and the logistics of their consumption. When asked, “Does food taste differently in space?” Kelly responded, “Fluid shifts seem to affect your sense of smell and taste, so people find their preferences of foods change here in space.” Apparently, tortilla-based sandwiches are a staple in an astronaut diet, but to fight the blandness, the astronauts specially requested hot sauce to be sent up from Earth.
And of course, once you've eaten, you've got to brush your teeth, which appears to be quite a challenge in space — Kelly says that he uses “a little bit of toothpaste and swallow[s] it.” He does not recommend it.
There were also logistical questions about how Kelly and his colleagues spend their days on the ISS. According to the astronaut's Answer Time answers, the team divides their time quite evenly in three directions — doing science, general upkeep, and maintenance. There is, Kelly says, “very little time for free time.”
Perhaps some of the most interesting questions Kelly received were about his sleep and dreaming patterns while away from Earth. He revealed that when he first began his mission, “most of my dreams were Earth-based. Then, they became space-based. And now as I am getting ready to return home, I am dreaming of Earth again.” The astronaut also noted that he sleeps less in space than he did on Earth, adding, “I definitely miss sleeping in a bed.” And as for that terrifying feeling of falling in your dreams, Kelly admits that it's much more pronounced in space. “Initially [that feeling] can be a little bit startling,” he said. “I can definitely make myself feel like I am falling. But it doesn't bother me anymore.”
To check out the rest of the questions and answers (including whether or not he is actually in space and his day-to-day schedule), visit Kelly's full Answer Time Tumblr page, and follow the astronaut to ensure you never miss a post.
J-20
Progress for J-20 was steady for most of 2015, with two prototypes (serial numbers 2016 and 2017) making their maiden flights in the second half of the year. Serial number 2017 in particular appeared to field certain changes indicative of a final product and its roll out was accompanied by a degree of fanfare, leading to speculation that it may be the last or one of the last prototypes.
In December, images emerged of a J-20 in yellow factory primer with serial number 2101, and is highly suspected if not virtually confirmed to be the first Low Rate Initial Production model of the J-20, suggesting the aircraft has reached the next stage of development. At time of writing, J-20 airframe 2101 is expected to make its maiden flight within weeks if not days.
It is worth noting that J-20 at this stage is still only being powered by interim Al-31 family engines rather than the intended and more powerful WS-15s. However, given the rate of progress and the background of Chinese avionics and subsystems experience, it is likely that the rest of the J-20 programme (namely in sensor suite, mission avionics, and weapons suite) are progressing in line with airframe development for Chengdu Aircraft Corporation to feel confident in moving forward with LRIP.
[caption id=”attachment_577" align=”aligncenter” width=”538"]
J-20 serial number 2101, the first LRIP aircraft[/caption]
Parents came to the Jack Donohue Elementary School gym Wednesday night with questions about high concentrations of radon gas, asking why they heard about it in the middle of the day while their children attended class outside the building.
On Tuesday, 35 teachers and staff started a work refusal after they were told the Kanata school had radon levels above Health Canada's guidelines.
Teachers agreed to hold classes outside and the principal tried to arrange to distribute sunscreen.
"Even though it was a work refusal, all of us still worked all day. We still fulfilled our teaching duties, but outside," said Cindy Wynter-Francis, a teacher in Grades 1 and 2.
French immersion teacher Tracey Haley said the teachers wanted to make sure the school board acted on the information.
"It was the best thing for us to do to get this out in the open," she said.
School deemed safe
The Ministry of Labour investigated and deemed the school safe for students and staff later Tuesday. It's also monitoring the school's remediation efforts.
Zhanna Parashchuk's children in Grades 1 and 8 weren't sure why they had class outside most of the day.
"I think there was a bit of confusion when the kids came home. They thought the school was being tested at the time," she said.
Parashchuk said she has concerns about whether her children were exposed to the highest concentrations of radon and what the long-term effects might be.
Zhanna Parashchuk, who has two children in Grades 1 and 8 at the school, says she's concerned that children were in areas with high exposure to radon gas. (Matthew Kupfer/CBC)
Principal Cindy Alce said communicating the issue was a tough lesson for the school.
"If it ever happens to me again — and I pray it does not — we will be communicating sooner rather than later," Alce told the parents.
She also said the school would make sure children apply the sunscreen they provide after a handful of parents said their children came home with serious sunburns.
Heather McCulligh said she was ultimately more concerned about her daughter coming home with serious sunburns Tuesday than with radon exposure, which takes a long time to have a serious health impact.
"I think that the risk that the teachers put the children at by having them out all day in the sun at this time of year was a greater risk than continuing to work within the school, given the elevated radon levels," she said.
Radon risk
Radon gas is an invisible, odourless and tasteless radioactive gas. It's released naturally when uranium in soil breaks down. Prolonged exposure at high levels can present a health risk.
The level of risk depends on the level of radon, length of exposure and smoking habits or exposure to second-hand smoke. Radon is the leading cause of lung cancer among non-smokers in Canada.
The Ottawa-Carleton District School Board had representatives from Ottawa Public Health and from Health Canada's radon awareness program to speak to parents Wednesday night.
The board also presented the results of testing from March, which were published in a letter to parents on Tuesday.
The test results showed eight areas had levels of radon higher than Health Canada's guideline of 200 bequerels per cubic metre (200 Bq/m³). Seven areas had results between 200-600 Bq/m³ and one area — the front office — had results above 600 Bq/m³.
A slide from the presentation at Jack Donohue School shows where high levels of radon gas were detected. Yellow indicates rooms where the level was above Health Canada guidelines. Red is the front office, where concentrations were highest. (Matthew Kupfer/CBC)
The Canadian guidelines for radon in indoor air is 200 becquerels per cubic metre (200 Bq/m³). If levels higher than 200 Bq/m³, Health Canada recommends remediation within two years. If the results are greater than 600 Bq/m³, Health Canada recommends taking steps to reduce levels within a year.
Miro Vala, facilities manager for the school board, said the concentration was in part because of problems with the ventilation system. He said test results for four areas of the school have gone missing.
The school board already made preliminary repairs before releasing the initial results and tested again.The new results showed only three areas had levels between 200 and 600 Bq/m³ and no area had higher levels.
The school board will be doing additional remediation work over the summer, including changes to the mechanical system, ventilating radon gas from the ground beneath the school and long-term testing to monitor the situation.
Testing homes more important than schools
The school board said it is in the process of five years of testing radon levels in buildings across the city. This is the second year of testing and Jack Donohue school is the first building to have an issue with high concentration.
Superintendent Brett Reynolds said the board is considering speeding up the testing and remediation process.
Kelley Bush, a radon expert from Health Canada, said the most important thing parents could learn from the situation is to test their own homes for high levels of radon gas.
"The risk from radon is cumulative, like any radiation exposure. You spend a lot more time at home than you do at school," she said.
But, Bush said, parents do not need to be concerned about children returning to classes that may have a higher level of radon for a few months as the school fixes the building.
Ottawa Public Health sells home kits to test for radon over a period of three months to a year for $21.50 at 100 Constellation Dr.
Kristen Shilton TSN Toronto Maple Leafs Reporter Follow|Archive
The late-summer tradition of informal skates at NHL practice facilities revolves around two things – bragging rights and preparing for what lies ahead in training camp.
Bragging rights at the Maple Leafs' Thursday skate at MasterCard Centre belonged to Team White after they edged Team Blue in a spirited full-ice scrimmage.
A bit of competition is a welcome change for many players after months of solitary, sometimes tedious workouts, but the two dozen skaters on the ice didn't quit when the clock ran out. Some stuck around to skate suicides, while others repeatedly fired snapshots into an empty net.
Forward Mitch Marner was a participant for the second straight day. He' d been confined to the gym these last couple weeks after getting a large right forearm tattoo (“Don't want to get infected up in the arm,” he explained. “It's a pretty important part of hockey.”) But by Wednesday he'd joined a handful of full-time Leafs from a season ago who are itching to get a new campaign underway.
It's been more than four months since the Washington Capitals eliminated Toronto from the postseason in six games, and expectations for the upstart Leafs have accelerated ever since.
“Everyone keeps telling me how many wins they want [next season] and stuff, which is pretty funny,” Marner said. “But we just want to come in here as a group like we did last year, believing in each other, believing in the one beside us. If we do that and we play the way we can, we're going to be better than last year.”
The Leafs produced a 40-win, 95-point season in 2016-17 with as many as nine rookies on the roster. They were remarkably healthy, avoided lengthy slumps and seemed to buy into the lessons head coach Mike Babcock was preaching.
Babcock has said multiple times he wasn't even sure Marner could make the final roster out of camp, but the 20-year-old put questions about his size and strength to rest early. To build on his 61-point debut season (19 goals, 42 assists), Marner aimed to add a couple pounds to his 170-pound frame in the off-season while improving his game as a whole.
“[What's next] I think is just trying to get a bigger role now and play every shift like it's your last,” he said. “[It's about] coming in and being a contributor for this team – not just offensively but defensively as well, as someone who can be depended on at all times, whether holding a lead or tying the game and taking it to overtime. It all starts in the d-zone. That's always been important to me and what was taught first to me. I'm always trying to get better at that.”
A video from one of Marner's off-season training sessions trickled onto social media earlier this month, immediately catching fan attention for the circus-like intensity of the drills.
“I'm just doing things that usually people don't do, weird things that are going to help you in the end,” he said. “Working on balance and stuff like that, getting [faster] and quicker in those first couple steps, trying to get away from people quicker and protecting the puck a little better.”
A lot has changed for Marner and his team in the past year. Last fall, the Leafs were relatively low on the NHL radar in terms of being considered a contender; most of the attention fell onto how their young talent would develop for the future.
But a playoff berth followed by an off-season that included Rookie of the Year honours for Auston Matthews and the free-agent signing of veteran winger Patrick Marleau make it feel like the future might be now. The rest of the league won't fail to notice.
Marner said the Leafs are preparing to adjust accordingly.
“Last year people didn't know how we were going to do and we surprised a lot of people, but it's not going to be a surprise anymore,” Marner said. “We're going to expect a hard game every game and people are going to bring their A-game against us, so we have to be ready for that.”
Should I Get An MFA?
I lean towards “no” on this one, but in an effort to provide a balanced opinion to students, I'm providing both the cons AND the pros. First up, the cons.
In return for slim job prospects, even the most inexpensive MFA will run a student over 35k in this country. And what does the degree qualify graduate students to do once they've finished? Here's a table detailing some of the jobs my class of 2001 art school comrades currently hold.
Job Degrees Required Salary Art Handler/Artist None, but it's hard to get hired without a BFA. 35,000-60,000 a year Elementary School Art Teacher BS in education. These jobs are no longer in demand. MFA not required. 64,500 a year Vice Principal Master's or doctoral degree in educational administration or educational leadership. MFA not required. 71,000 a year Gallery Assistant BA or BFA, though galleries tend to prefer the former. MFA not required. 25,000-35,000 a year Visual Arts Professor I'd estimate roughly 10 percent of my graduating class took this road. There are very few positions available these days. An MFA is required unless you're a successful artist. Then you can teach anywhere, though tenure may be difficult or impossible to achieve without it. 50,000 -80,000 a year Full-time Artist I know about three people who do nothing but work in their studios all day, though many many more have representation. An MFA isn't necessary to achieve this level of success (hello Cory Arcangel), but it doesn't hurt either. 47,000 a year, but this can vary greatly. Librarian Masters Degree in Library Science. MFA not required. 84,796 a year Yoga Instructor An unusually popular profession amongst fine art graduates, though no one I know is still working in the field. MFA not required. 45,000 a year Art Critic BFA or BA, though an MA is helpful. Good luck doing this full time. 30,000-60,000 a year Commercial Photographer Pounding the pavement for gigs can be hell. MFA not required. 35,000 Graphic Designer It's relatively rare for fine art students to take these jobs. It requires a kind of dedication difficult for most artists who want to be focusing on their studio practice. MFA not required, though an MFA in graphic design is probably useful. 60,000 a year Full-time Mom Most female graduates can expect to take off at least a couple of years to raise kids. Those years are unpaid. Unpaid
So why should students get their MFAs when the job prospects for graduates even ten years down the line aren't that great? I'd estimate that about 15-20 percent of my graduating year at Rutgers have paid off their student loans entirely, and I attended a cheap state school. In these conditions even an unpaid internship can seem like a better bang for your buck. Still, there are a few pros to the degree that could set off my giant table of cons above:
Two years solid, just to dedicate to the studio. This kind of focused effort in combination with regular feedback from professional artists and teachers speeds the maturing of any artist. It can also help students establish a routine in the studio, though most dedicated artists I know didn't need to go to school for that.
Hunter isn't a bad racket if you can get in, as students can go to school part-time and maintain a studio in the city. A three year program providing prime studio space isn't a bad deal; plus, a lot of critics and gallerists attend their open studios, so it's possible to make that school pay for itself.
Scholarships – obviously getting one of these should make the decision about going to school a no-brainer. Free school is almost always worth it.
Building a network. Grad school's an expensive way to get this done, of course, but you'll meet a bunch of people you'll keep running into forever. Teachers never forget their students, and the friends made during these two years will last a lifetime. Going to school to get some friends, though, is probably a flawed way to look at the value of an MFA.
Teaching. There aren't many jobs out there, but if that's the career path calling your name, that's a good reason to get an MFA.
Overall, unless students are entering with the goal of teaching in mind, I don't think the degree is worth it. And that's new; in 2001, I would have come to exactly the opposite conclusion. Part of that was naivete, and the last few years have probably shaken that out of everyone: in this economy, paying back art school loans will consume the next thirty years of many students' lives. Given the amount of income this career track promises, it's hard to believe MFA programs are offering much bang for your buck.
In the last week or so, Mitt Romney has accused Barack Obama of focusing his campaign on "small things," but let's be honest—at this point, everybody is focused on small things. And these small things are unlikely to make much of a difference with so little time left. Which is why it was odd to see the Romney campaign stumble so badly with the Jeeps being built in China attack. How did they manage to take a criticism that would likely have just glanced off Obama anyway, and turn it into something that not only had everyone talking about Obama's best case to Ohio voters (the auto bailout), but also made Romney look cynical and dishonest?
Here's what I think happened. They heard the first, somewhat unclear report that Chrysler was going to be manufacturing Jeeps in China, without quite understanding what it meant, namely that they will be making them for the Chinese market (because of Chinese tarriffs, Chrysler would only be able to sell the Jeeps there if they make them there). By the time they figured out all the facts, Romney had already mentioned it on the stump, saying inaccurately that the company was "thinking of moving all production to China." So the campaign probably figured, we can still use this to try to discredit the bailout, we'll just be careful about the words we use.
And that's where they didn't quite grasp the implications of what they were doing. If you look at the ad they made, you'll see that though it's obviously meant to deceive people into thinking American jobs are being sent to China as a result of the bailout, the words are literally true. "Obama took GM and Chrysler into bankruptcy," the ad says, "and sold Chrysler to Italians who are going to build Jeeps [pause for effect] in China." The Romney campaign thought they could play by the ordinary campaign rules, which say that if you say something true but intentionally misleading, you will usually be judged not guilty. Reporters will discuss the issue in the said/she said format, with you saying you're telling the truth and your opponent saying you aren't, and you can declare victory.
But that's not what happened. Instead, Romney got a wave of negative coverage over the issue, with journalist after journalist saying forthrightly in their stories that the Romney attack is misleading or deceptive. This was particularly true in Michigan and Ohio, where the state of the auto industry is kind of important. Why did they do that? Two reasons, I think. The first and less important one is that after so many shamelessly false statements by Romney and his campaign, journalists' tolerance for this stuff may have run out. But the more important reason is the car companies stepped up to act as third-party validators of the truth. The Chrysler CEO wrote an emphatic letter to the company's employees assuring them no American jobs were moving to China, and a GM spokesperson criticized the ad as well.
Which, if the Romney campaign had been a bit more thoughtful, they might have expected. Don't forget that Chrysler and GM have their own interest in maintaining support for the bailout. They got lots of help from American taxpayers, and they want those taxpayers to see the bailout as a success story, continue to feel good about American car companies, and continue to buy their cars. They might stay silent while Republicans criticize the bailout, but if you accuse them of a specific act that they aren't guilty of, they're going to speak up. Romney stepped over a line from attacking Barack Obama to attacking Chrysler, and he should have anticipated that Chrysler wouldn't take it lying down. When Chrysler spoke up and explained the facts, that gave the press permission to step out of the said/she said bind and report accurately that Romney was being misleading.
And that's how, just a few days before the election, Romney shot himself in the foot in the one state he absolutely, positively can't afford to lose.
It's amazing what you can find lurking in a place you least expect. And while we were hoping to catch up with the recently announced Xbox One Digital TV Tuner at some point during our Gamescom visit, we didn't bank on it lying in plain sight during a briefing we attended about future Dashboard updates.
To be fair, it was used as part of the demo of a future feature, most likely coming to the Xbox One in October to coincide with the device's launch date. However, even the Xbox team members were surprised when we asked to photograph it as part of a hands-on.
We weren't allowed to take pics of the screen - after all, it was showing German TV and broke up thanks to bad signal coming into the building rather than a fault of the box itself. But we got a good idea of how big the tuner is and what kid of experience it will offer.
In aesthetic terms, it's tiny. It's about the size of a box of Swan Vesta matches, just a bit more deep. There's a USB cable coming out from one end and a coaxial input in the other. It will easily tuck away in your existing AV set-up, so you'll barely know its there.
As for the on-screen experience, it integrates with OneGuide completely, with voice search for channels implemented if you have a Kinect. OneGuide serves as the content-rich electronic programme guide and the entire channel line up normally expected with a digital TV set-top-box will be available for each region.
We saw how easy it is to pause, rewind and forward TV shows. You can even pause a show, spark up a game and revisit the programme later. You will need to do it within 30 minutes though as that's the amount of time the buffer will allow.
The buffer uses around 4GB of your Xbox One's storage space, but you can choose not to allow it to in settings.
Picture quality is good - as good as a reasonable Freeview HD box - and we can see that the Digital TV Tuner is a no-brainer for those without Virgin Media or Sky and want to use their Xbox One as a central entertainment hub. You can't record shows as yet, mainly due to rights issues, but one extra neat feature is that you can stream live TV pictures to a tablet or other device running Xbox SmartGlass. And you can carry on playing a game on the console at the same time.
The Xbox One Digital TV Tuner will be available in late October in the UK, priced at £24.99. It will also be available in France, Italy, Germany and Spain for 29.99 euros.
ANN ARBOR -- Elderly Chinese-Americans feel helpless when faced with racial biases and become twice as likely to consider suicide than those who don't encounter similar discrimination, according to a new University of Michigan study.
U-M researchers examined how racial discrimination contributed to Chicago-area Chinese-American adults age 60 and older thinking about taking their lives during a 30-day period.
Discrimination can impair a person's physical and mental well-being, and can be challenging for the elderly, said Lydia Li, U-M associate professor of social work and the study's lead author. The Chinese-American population is rising and aging quickly, but little research has examined this population, especially as it relates to suicidal behavior.
Li and colleagues used data from 3,157 Chinese seniors who immigrated to the United States an average of 20 years before completing the survey. Their average age was 72, and 57 percent of them were women.
In addition to obtaining background information on the participants, such as age, education and marital status, the questionnaire asked about suicidal thoughts. Participants also provided specific experiences of discrimination.
About 4 percent considered suicide in past 30 days and roughly 21 percent reported experiencing discrimination in public places, at work and in other situations. Those who reported discrimination were nearly twice as likely to think about suicide than those who didn't harbor similar thoughts.
"Among older Chinese-Americans, discrimination encounters may not only invoke a sense of alienation and helplessness," Li said. "Assimilation difficulty, cultural beliefs and family pride may preclude them from seeking help. Consequently they may come to see suicide as a viable alternative."
The researchers also found that age, loneliness, pain and depression are significant risk factors for this group, but family support can be a positive protective factor to lessen the risk of suicidal thoughts.
Li said help can also come from clinicians, who must also recognize the impact of discrimination on ethnic minority elders.
"Efforts to promote civil rights and reduce discrimination may also be a form of primary prevention of suicide," she said.
Li collaborated on the research with Gilbert Gee of UCLA and XinQi Dong of the Rush University Medical Center.
The study appears in the American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry. Li presented the findings last month at the World Congress of Gerontology and Geriatrics in San Francisco.
###
Democrats have come under fire by gun groups over bringing a legislative proposal that would put restrictions on access to handguns in the United States.
Lawmakers introduced the proposal on Thursday under which people would be required to obtain a license before purchasing some firearms.
The Handgun Purchaser Licensing Act also requires background checks to all handgun sales and block people under the age of 21 from purchasing those arms.
The National Rifle Association (NRA) and other gun rights expressed outrage at the proposal, although there seems not much chance of passing the Republican Congress.
“They cannot ban guns because of the Constitution, so they want to make it so difficult for law-abiding citizens to exercise their constitutional right to self-protection,” said NRA spokeswoman Jennifer Baker.
"Someone should send them a copy of the Constitution — specifically, a copy of the Second Amendment,” she added.
The legislation, however, is backed by a study from the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research that says handgun licenses dramatically reduce homicide rates.
“Of the thousands of Americans murdered every single year by firearms, nearly 90 percent of those deaths occur with a handgun,” Rep. Chris Van Hollen said.
“With mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, and friends dying every day because of guns, there is no question that gun violence is tearing at the fabric of our communities."
If states refuse to implement the gun regulations, they would risk losing federal funding. But states that follow through with the regulations would receive federal funding to carry them out.
Since December 2012 - when twenty children and six adults were fatally shot by a gunman at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut - President Barack Obama has pushed for gun law reforms, including expanded background checks and a ban on high-capacity magazines.
But the powerful gun lobby and its supporters in Congress have blocked the proposed measures.
A research, published online early this month by the journal Pediatrics Study, indicated that more than one in four American children are exposed to gun violence before reaching the age of 18 either as a victim or a witness.
One in 33 American children is the victim to incidents involving guns or knives, according to the study.
Overall, the number of children exposed to violence involving weapons stands at 17.5 million, a number that surpasses that of children suffering from diabetes or cancer.
SB/AGB
Cal Web site draws anti-evolution lawsuit CHURCH-STATE SEPARATION CASE
(NYT26) UNDATED -- Feb. 9, 2009 -- SCI-DARWIN-MISUNDERSTOOD-4 --- An engraving of Charles Darwin by C.H. Jeens. (Courtesy of Luesther T. Mertz Library, The New York Botanical Garden/The New York Times) *Only for use with NYT stories from Feb. 10 issue of Science Times section on Darwin. All other use prohibited. Ran on: 02-14-2009 Charles Darwin, C.H. Jeens engraving Ran on: 02-14-2009 Charles Darwin, C.H. Jeens engraving Ran on: 02-14-2009 Charles Darwin, C.H. Jeens engraving Ran on: 05-11-2009 Ran on: 05-11-2009 Ran on: 05-11-2009 Ran on: 06-22-2009 Ran on: 06-22-2009 Ran on: 06-22-2009 Ran on: 12-04-2011 Charles Darwin on the eye: &quo;organ of extreme perfection.&quo; Ran on: 12-04-2011 Charles Darwin on the eye: &quo;organ of extreme perfection.&quo; Ran on: 12-04-2011 Charles Darwin on the eye: &quo;organ of extreme perfection.&quo; less (NYT26) UNDATED -- Feb. 9, 2009 -- SCI-DARWIN-MISUNDERSTOOD-4 --- An engraving of Charles Darwin by C.H. Jeens. (Courtesy of Luesther T. Mertz Library, The New York Botanical Garden/The New York Times) *Only ... more Photo: Luesther T. Mertz Library, New York Botanical Garden Photo: Luesther T. Mertz Library, New York Botanical Garden Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Cal Web site draws anti-evolution lawsuit 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
If you think dying can keep you out of court, look at Charles Darwin.
The celebrations of his 200th birthday coincide with an anti-evolution lawsuit that has just landed him on the doorstep of the U.S. Supreme Court.
A Christian schoolteacher from Roseville (Placer County) who takes the Bible literally says a UC Berkeley Web site about evolution is unconstitutional, like a cross in a public park.
The Web site, "Understanding Evolution," is supported by government funds and violates the constitutional separation of church and state, according to the suit by Jeanne Caldwell.
Rebuffed by lower courts, she has appealed to the nation's highest court, and UC joined the battle this week, saying in its response that the Internet is not like a park and that, in fact, Caldwell has no right even to file the suit.
The sides wait to see whether the justices will take the case and tackle the unsettled issue - not of evolution, but of whether the Internet is a public space that needs new principles to enforce the state-and-religion barrier.
At issue is one page, out of 840 on the Web site, that says Darwin's theory and religion can co-exist. The page - titled "Misconception: 'Evolution and Religion are Incompatible' " - also features a drawing of a smiling scientist holding a skull and shaking hands with a smiling cleric holding a book with a cross on it.
Caldwell says UC's government-funded assertion contradicts a religious belief that evolution and religion are incompatible and amounts to a state position on religious doctrine. This violates the establishment clause of the First Amendment barring Congress from making any law respecting the establishment or exercise of religion, she says.
She first sued in 2005. UC thwarted the suit in federal district court and the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco by successfully arguing that Caldwell's exposure to the Web page is too minimal to cause the type of injury that would make her eligible to sue. The lower courts threw the case out based on her eligibility and didn't rule on whether the Web page violates the First Amendment.
The Web page is presented as a resource for teachers, and Caldwell said she visits that section as a teacher and participant in the evolution debates and has the same right to sue as the plaintiff who was allowed to sue over a cross in the Mojave National Preserve.
Allowing the lower-court rulings to stand, Caldwell says in her Supreme Court appeal, "would make government Web sites an Establishment Clause free zone." Because the Internet is increasingly used by the government to communicate with citizens, the Supreme Court needs to address the issue, she says. She is represented by the conservative Pacific Justice Institute in Sacramento and her husband, attorney Larry Caldwell.
Attorneys for UC say the lower-court rulings did not make the Internet immune to such claims but that existing legal principles are sufficient to dismiss Jeanne Caldwell's eligibility to sue. They also say deciding a new standard for the Internet would violate the role of the Supreme Court, which is not to open new legal frontiers but to resolve issues that arise from a body of lower-court rulings.
Roy Caldwell, director of Cal's Museum of Paleontology, the site's sponsor, said some UC officials worry that the high court may want to clarify standards on "standing," or eligibility to sue. (He's not related to Jeanne Caldwell.)
On the eve of Darwin's birthday last Thursday, a new Gallup Poll was released showing that 39 percent of Americans believe in evolution, with 25 percent not believing in it and 36 percent holding no opinion. Among weekly churchgoers, 24 percent believe in evolution and 41 percent do not.
David Bernstein observes that if Elena Kagan is confirmed then every single Supreme Court Justice will have attended Harvard or Yale law schools. He also observes that:
The president went to Harvard, and barely defeated a primary opponent who went to Yale. His predecessor went to Yale and Harvard, and defeated opponents who went to Yale and Harvard, and Harvard, respectively. The previous two presidents also went to Yale, with Bush I'm defeating another Harvard grad for the presidency.
..and asks, “Isn't this a bit much?”
His post reminded me of something that Peter Drucker wrote, way back in 1968:
One thing (a modern society) therefore cannot afford in education is the “elite institution” which has a monopoly on social standing, on prestige, and on the command positions in society and economy. Oxford and Cambridge are important reasons for the English brain drain. A main reason for the the technology gap is the Grande Ecole such as the Ecole Polytechnique or the Ecole Normale …By contrast, one of the strengths of American education is the resistance to any elite monopoly. To be sure, we have institutions that enjoy (deservedly or not) high standing and prestige. But we do not, fortunately, discriminate against the men who receive their training elsewhere. The engineer whose degree is from North Idaho A and M does not regard himself as “inferior” or as “not really an engineer.”….And five or ten years later, nobody cares much about where the fellow got his degree…
The Harvard Law School might like to be a Grande Ecole and to claim for its graduates a preferential position. But American society has never been willing to accept this claim.
…It is almost impossible to explain to a European that the strength of American higher education lies in this absence of schools for leaders and schools for followers.
(link via Little Miss Attila)
The Edmonton Eskimos sunk into a 13-0 hole in Sunday's Grey Cup before many a Canadian had even made it back from the fridge with the night's first beer. By evening's end, though, they were celebrating their first championship in a decade.
With a quarterback who played only nine games this season because of a knee injury, the Eskimos' 10th consecutive victory was a thrilling Cup-winning one, 26-20 over the Ottawa RedBlacks, thanks to a valiant comeback.
Eskimos quarterback Mike Reilly was the game's MVP, completing 21 of 35 passes for 269 yards and two touchdowns against no interceptions.
Story continues below advertisement
Edmonton was making its 23rd Grey Cup appearance, the favourite against an expansion franchise that was debuting in the title game in only its second season of existence.
The predominant feel-good story of the week, though, had been charismatic 40-year-old Ottawa quarterback Henry Burris, the season's most outstanding player, seeking redemption after having been cast off by two teams in recent years – and looking to do it with a team that went 2-16 last year.
Ottawa began the game on fire before a crowd of 36,634 in Winnipeg, jumping out to a stunning 13-0 lead just minutes into the first quarter.
Burris and the offence sliced through Edmonton on their very first drive – just like they did last week in their Eastern Final win over the Hamilton Tiger-Cats – with Burris dishing a three-yard touchdown pass to Patrick Lavoie.
Ottawa then forced a fumble on Edmonton's first kickoff return. Ottawa linebacker Antoine Pruneau recovered, putting Burris and the offence right back on the field. They capitalized on the great field position, Burris capping off the decisive drive with a seven-yard touchdown pass to Ernest Jackson.
"Henry came out hot – about as hot as I've seen him," said Edmonton coach Chris Jones. "I was throwing everything I had at him, and he kept completing the football. It was all explosions."
Edmonton put up just a field goal from Sean Whyte in response, but the tide was beginning to turn.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Burris then launched a wobbler well off target for Chris Williams, and it easily fell into the hands of Edmonton cornerback Patrick Watkins. The Esks made them pay for it, with Reilly driving them downfield, then hitting Adarius Bowman on a stunning go-route with a 23-yard touchdown pass.
Burris was sacked twice and also thumped in the head by Edmonton lineman Marcus Howard. He tossed up a couple of balls that were dangerously close to being intercepted, and the RedBlacks were kept from the end zone, having to settle for a Chris Milo field goal.
Whyte attempted a 45-yarder for Edmonton and hooked it wide left, getting just a single. But then, with 12 seconds left in the quarter, the Eskimos took their first lead of the night, with Reilly driving them downfield with his feet first, helped by a big 32-yard pass to Shamawd Chambers (the game's Top Canadian), then icing it off with a two-yard pass to Akeem Shavers. In a game that Ottawa had led so decisively for the first few minutes of the night, Edmonton took a 17-16 lead into half-time.
"It was big to get in the dressing room with a lead because we had played so terrible in the first six minutes," said Reilly.
The RedBlacks were the first to put up points in a tense second half. Burris failed on several downfield strikes and was lucky not to be called with a fumble as one popped loose and was called down by contact. Milo kicked a field goal to put Ottawa back up by two, and Edmonton tried to kick one too but got just a single. Ottawa then missed one as well, getting just one point, but still led by two.
If the first half captivated with its scoring, the second was marked by its intense defence and punishing hits. Several players were sent crashing to the turf or flipped dangerously through the air on gasp-inducing plays by the league's top two defences.
Story continues below advertisement
Then late in the fourth quarter, the Eskimos drove deep, aided by a dramatic challenge flag. Jones had challenged an incompletion that was ultimately changed to pass interference against Ottawa's Brandon Sermons. It was just the second challenge of the year that went Jones's way, but it was a crucial one, giving Edmonton the ball at the RedBlacks' 10-yard line.
Reilly then put them on the goal line, and the Esks pushed backup quarterback Jordan Lynch in for the game-winning one-yard score, which Reilly capped off with a strike for the two-point conversion.
"It means everything," said Jones, with his daughters Austin and Jackson by his side, showing a different side of the coach who has often seemed gruff and all-business. "These little girls are at home all year and I don't get to see [them] a whole lot, so for them to come up and see us win a championship, that means everything to me."
The Saskatchewan Roughriders are reportedly interested in trying to hire Jones away to be both general manager and head coach in Regina. The coach wouldn't comment on it, saying only that he's focused on celebrating with his Eskimos and that "all that stuff will handle itself."
Reilly didn't want to comment on it either, other than to say he loves playing for Jones and wanted to "go drink a beer with him."
"We weren't built to do this once," said Reilly. "We've been built to do this multiple times, and it's on us to make sure it happens."
With great pleasure I can report that the Hitachi Cosminexus Application Server v10.0 has recently been Java EE 7 certified! Cosminexus joins the ranks of GlassFish 4, WildFly 8 and TmaxSoft JEUS 8. Cosminexus has long been a significant player in the Japanese market backed by our good JCP partners at Hitachi. All of the Java EE certified offerings are always listed on theofficial Java EE compatibility page.
As many of you know Java EE 7 compatibility is one of the most significant goals of the upcoming WebLogic 12.2.1 release. We also know that the IBM WebSphere Liberty Profile team has been aggressively pursuing full Java EE 7 certification through monthly beta releases and seem close to being done. The Apache TomEE team is also working on bringing forward Java EE 7 features. Judging by past history of release cycles for JBoss AS and JBoss EAP it's not unreasonable to think JBoss EAP will likely be Java EE 7 certified within this year (for those unaware WildFly is the upstream project for JBoss EAP much like JBoss AS once was).
So the question now is who will be next to cross the Java EE 7 compatibility finish line - only to start working on their Java EE 8 implementation :-).
The final frontier is a scary place. Sure, it might be full of adventure, but as we know from previous Star Trek shows, it's also where you get mind-controlled or forced to fight your buddies to the death. Star Trek: Discovery is taking this one step further by not restricting death sentences to Red Shirts. And it's all thanks to one phrase: Valar morghulis.
Showrunners Gretchen J. Berg and Aaron Harberts told Entertainment Weekly that main characters aren't safe from the slaughterhouse in this latest Star Trek series. They said their approach was influenced by Game of Thrones, where even the most beloved, characters could die horribly at any moment.
Advertisement
“They almost made it difficult to fall in love with people because you didn't know if they were going to be taken away from you,” Berg said.
This isn't the first time a Star Trek show has killed off a protagonist. For example, Tasha Yar was killed off in the season 1 episode “Skin of Evil.” However, that was because the actress quit the show and not an intentional choice by the showrunners. Harberts did assure fans that Discovery wouldn't treat deaths gratuitously or for shock value, adding: “When it happens we want to make sure that people really feel it.”
Advertisement
So, which characters are most likely to attend the Red Shirt Wedding? Some online speculation suggests that Jason Isaacs' Captain Lorca will be the first to go, possibly after turning on his crew; below-the-line comments for almost any article on the show are full of fans betting on Lorca's death. Even Vanity Fair has come out and said the dude is probably a dead man walking.
However, it looks likely that it will be Michelle Yeoh's Captain Georgiou, who commands the U.S.S. Shenzou (Lorca is captain of the U.S.S. Discovery) and could likely die, leading Sonequa Martin-Green's Commander Michael Burnham to be transferred to the Discovery. Unless, the Shenzou is the Discovery in disguise, which is a theory. Sadly, this comes with a caveat, as killing characters of color and women first is seen as a common and negative trope. We can hope Star Trek: Discovery doesn't make that mistake and challenges itself rather than falling back on old Hollywood habits, but that's probably not going to happen. Star Trek: Discovery is set to premiere September 24.
Clarification: Added details about Georgiou and Lorca's roles on their respective ships.
Local band I, the Ghost plays Dane Manor, a house venue located in Denton. The group will also be playing Band Together Denton, a two-day festival that takes places exclusively at people's houses around the city on Jan. 20-21, 2017.
There's been a lot of talk over the past year about the uncertain fate of Denton's music scene. After the closure of revered venues Hailey's, Rubber Gloves Rehearsal Studios and, most recently, the basement at J&J's Pizza, many entertained the idea that the city's role as an independent-music powerhouse had ended. How can a scene survive without concert venues to showcase its talents? Organizers of a new music festival have one answer: Invite the bands to play in people's living rooms. Band Together Denton is a two-day event that takes place at 10 residences turned music venues around the city. On Jan. 20 and 21, 60 local acts will set up in people's homes and invite music lovers to join them for intimate concert experiences. Tiffany Youngblood, co-founder and director of operations for the festival, says the inaugural event is not so much a response to the series of venue closings, but rather a project to raise awareness about the plethora of places locals can still tap into Denton's live-music culture, often at no cost. "If you just have those four or five venues that we have left, you're going to have a lot of bands with nowhere to play, and that's unfortunate," she says.
"The scene has its ups and its downs, but ... house shows and house venues are as much a part of the culture and history of Denton music as Rubber Gloves or as J&J's basement or as Hailey's."
To her point, local bands often get their start playing house shows. Not only do these rooms provide a safe space to practice performing, but they also help musicians cultivate a following and can act as steppingstones to bigger venues in Denton, Dallas or Fort Worth. For fans, the incentive is simple. A house show "is a great place to see new music," says singer-songwriter Claire Morales, who's based in Denton.
Local band I, the Ghost plays Dane Manor, a house venue located in Denton. The group will also be playing Band Together Denton. Tiffany Youngblood
Youngblood, who works for Habitat for Humanity and blogs in her free time, had marinated the idea for Band Together Denton for several years, but decided to put it into action after teaming up with Emily Cline, another local blogger, to create a charity-focused event. (Both women now contribute to lifestyle blog The Dentonite.) It helped that Youngblood had recently begun running her own residence as a venue, known as Dane Manor -- completely by happenstance, as she tells it. Youngblood wanted to celebrate the third anniversary of her move to Denton with a couple of friends over tacos and invited a band to casually jam. One band turned into three bands, and before they knew it, Youngblood and her roommates were keeping a PA system around and moving the furniture every couple of weeks to accommodate shows. "The cops never showed up, nobody got hurt and the house was still intact, and it was totally awesome," Youngblood says of that first concert, "so we started talking about doing this on the regular." House shows are usually free to attend, though hosts may put out a donation bucket -- you know, in case fans want to chip in for the cost of cleanup. Band Together Denton, however, will have an overhead since it's a fundraiser. Tickets cost $25 for a weekend pass, $15 for single-day access or $5 for a single show, and should be purchased in advance, the organizers say. (Ticket purchasers will receive the venue addresses by email before festival weekend.) Proceeds benefit Mentor Denton, which works with several local nonprofits to match at-risk students with academic mentors.
Seryn, a folk band founded in Denton, is calling it quits after one more Dallas show
David Fenton / Getty Images
In August 1967, notorious FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover sent out an urgent directive to all of his field offices under the file name “COINTELPRO-Black Nationalist Hate Groups.” It instructed “Racial Matters”(RM) agents to take aggressive — and highly illegal — actions to “expose, disrupt, misdirect, discredit or otherwise neutralize the activities of Black-nationalist, hate-type organizations and groupings, their leadership, spokesmen, membership and supporters.” On March 4, 1968, exactly one month before Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated, another urgent Bureau-wide COINTELPRO directive from Hoover's desk instructed RM Agents to devise COINTELPRO actions designed to “prevent the rise of a ‘messiah' who could unify and electrify the militant black nationalist movement.”
On December 4, 1969 — 48 years ago today — RM agents in the Bureau's Chicago office secretly congratulated themselves and hailed their “success” to Hoover for masterminding the bloody pre-dawn police raid that left Fred Hampton, the 21-year-old chairman of the Illinois chapter of the Black Panther Party (BPP) — and most certainly a rising “messiah” — and Peoria Panther leader Mark Clark dead, and several other young Panthers seriously wounded.
From an early age, Hampton was a charismatic speaker and natural leader. At the age of 14, he had organized a student chapter of the NAACP in Maywood, Illinois, and the chapter soon grew to 700 members. He led a march on the Maywood Town Hall and organized to build an integrated swimming pool there. After he graduated from Proviso East High School, the administration asked him to come back to mediate a confrontation between Black and white students, then had him arrested when he did so. Influenced by Malcolm X, the Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) and the realities that he observed and experienced in the movement, Hampton consistently spoke out strongly against police brutality. His politics became increasingly more militant.
In the fall of 1967, Hampton enrolled in Crane Junior College, later renamed Malcolm X College, which was a center of radical Black activity in Chicago. He continued his dynamic organizing there, and injected a new militancy into the student body. During 1968, Hampton, Bobby Rush and several others organized the Illinois chapter of the Black Panther Party and opened their offices at 2350 West Madison Street on the West Side of Chicago.
By this time, Hampton had been expressly targeted by the Chicago FBI office, which was already quite experienced in disruption tactics and techniques, having taken several sophisticated actions in the mid-60s that were designed to exploit and exacerbate the political division between Nation of Islam leaders Malcolm X and Elijah Muhammed. Within days of the opening of the Panther office, Chicago's Racial Matters Squad directed one of its operatives, William O'Neal, to join the Party. O'Neal soon maneuvered himself into a leadership position as chief of security, and served as Hampton's bodyguard during the early days of the Illinois chapter.
Under the leadership of Chairman Fred Hampton and Minister of Defense Bobby Rush, the Chicago BPP grew into a strong organization. Hampton began to negotiate with Chicago street organizations, attempting to convince them to give up their violent activities and embrace the Panther philosophy. Under his leadership, the Party built the original Rainbow Coalition that united the Panthers, the Puerto Rican Young Lords Organization, the Young Patriots (a group of radical Appalachian whites) and the Students for a Democratic Society.
The BPP opened a Breakfast for Children program at several locations in the city, and fed hundreds of hungry young children before they went to school. Hampton frequently spoke at colleges and high schools and met with a wide range of leaders and organizations. He led by example, starting his day at six in the morning at the Breakfast program, and would never ask someone to do something he would not do, from selling the Panther newspaper to defending the Panther office from police attack.
At the same time, the FBI, both nationally and locally, was increasing its efforts to “neutralize the Panther Party and destroy what it stands for.” Not only had the Bureau targeted the leadership, including Hampton, whom it registered on its Rabble Rouser, Agitator and Security Indexes, but it also specifically set out to destroy the BPP newspaper and the Breakfast program, as well as the Panthers' liberation schools and health clinics. Under the COINTELPRO banner, utilizing “ghetto informants” who often acted as provocateurs, Racial Matters operatives sought to exploit ideological differences and resultant tensions between the Panthers, street organizations and Black nationalist organizations. In Chicago, RM agents attempted to provoke the Blackstone Rangers to attack Hampton and the Panthers by sending a forged letter to Ranger leader Jeff Fort, that purported to warn him of a “hit” the Panthers had ordered against him — with the stated goal of provoking Fort to physically attack Hampton. Continuing his work as a COINTELPRO operative, FBI informant O'Neal, who later played a key role in setting up the murderous December 4 raid by supplying the floor plan of Hampton's apartment, blossomed as a provocateur who repeatedly — and unsuccessfully — encouraged the commission of illegal acts.
The local police and prosecutors also sought to destroy the BPP with a vengeance. Panthers were constantly harassed and arrested, often for selling the Panther paper. Hampton had been arrested in Maywood for allegedly taking $71 of ice cream and distributing it to neighborhood children. The politically aggressive Cook County state's attorney, Edward V. Hanrahan, put Hampton on trial for robbery. In May 1969 he was convicted and sentenced to two to five years in prison. In August, the Illinois Supreme Court granted Hampton appeal bond, and he returned to Chicago to a joyous welcome at People's Church on South Ashland Avenue. In an inspiring and memorable speech, he told of how he heard the “beat of the people,” and was “high off the people” while he was locked up in a downstate maximum-security prison. Upon his release, Hampton immediately resumed his speaking and organizing at a breakneck pace. His unique leadership skills had been duly noted, not only by the FBI, but also by the national leadership of the BPP, and he was being groomed to be an important national spokesperson.
Three months later, Hampton lay dead on his bed in a pool of blood, assassinated by a Chicago police raider who shot him twice in the head at close range. Hampton was a victim of the FBI's COINTELPRO program.
As evidence emerged over time, it was established that the 14-man, pre-dawn police raiding party, operating under the direct supervision of State's Attorney Hanrahan, was armed with O'Neal's floorplan that marked the bed on which Hampton would be sleeping. They carried a submachine gun, semiautomatic rifles, shotguns and handguns. The raiders were led by Chicago police Sgt. Daniel Groth, a shadowy figure with suspected connections to the CIA, and included James “Gloves” Davis, so nicknamed because he donned gloves before he beat people up.
The raiders burst in the front and back doors of the tiny apartment, and Davis killed Mark Clark, who was just inside the front door, with a shot through the heart. They then charged into the front room, shooting Brenda Harris, a 17-year-old Panther who was lying on a bed next to the wall, and “stitched” that wall with machine gun and semiautomatic fire. These bullets tore through the wall and into the middle bedroom, where three Panthers were huddling on the floor, and many of those high-powered bullets continued through another wall into the bedroom where Hampton and his fiancé, Deborah Johnson, who was eight-and-a-half months pregnant, were asleep. The trajectories of many of these bullets were toward the head of Hampton's bed.
In the back bedroom, the mattress was vibrating from the gunfire as Panther occupants Louis Trueluck and Harold Bell were unsuccessfully trying to wake Hampton. The raiders burst through the back door, firing at the bedrooms. They then took Bell, Trueluck and Johnson out of the back bedroom into the kitchen, leaving Hampton alive but unconscious on the bed. In the front, the officer with the machine gun had moved to the doorway of the middle bedroom and fired several machine gun blasts at the defenseless occupants. Ronald “Doc” Satchel was hit five times, while Blair Anderson and another terrified teenager, Verlina Brewer, were also shot.
In the kitchen, Johnson and Bell heard two shots ring out from Hampton's bedroom, and heard a raider say, “He's good and dead now.” The toxicological evidence strongly suggested that O'Neal had put secobarbital in Hampton's Kool-Aid hours earlier so that he would not wake up.
Hampton's body was dragged from the bloodstained bed to the hallway floor, to be displayed as the raiders' trophy, while the seven survivors were physically abused, subjected to threats and racial epithets, and then jailed on charges of attempted murder. The raiders then rushed from the apartment to the state's attorney's office where they appeared with Hanrahan at a press conference. There, Hanrahan described a fierce gun battle initiated by the “vicious” and “criminal” Black Panthers, during which his raiders acted “reasonably” and with “restraint.”
As we now know, the official version was a false narrative, a lie. Over the next decade the full truth was brought to light, thanks to Chicago's Black and progressive communities, the families of Hampton and Clark, and the survivors of the raid, their lawyers, and their Panther comrades. With the awful truth on the public record, it is important to consider the present moment with that history in mind.
Just months ago, a report drafted by the FBI's counterterrorism division came to public light. Entitled “Black Identity Extremists Likely Motivated to Target Law Enforcement Officers,” the executive summary of the skimpy 10-page report brazenly staked out the FBI's position in relation to current Black liberation movements. Relying on six widely disparate incidents where police officers were shot by African-American suspects in the two years after Michael Brown was slain in Ferguson, Missouri, the FBI's counterterrorism analysts wrote:
The FBI assesses it is very likely Black Identity Extremist (BIE) perceptions of police brutality against African Americans spurred an increase in premeditated, retaliatory lethal violence against law enforcement and will very likely serve as justification for such violence. The FBI assesses it is very likely this increase began following the 9 August 2014 shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, and the subsequent Grand Jury November 2014 declination to indict the police officers involved. The FBI assesses it is very likely incidents of alleged police abuse against African Americans since then have continued to feed the resurgence in ideologically motivated, violent criminal activity within the BIE movement. The FBI assesses it is very likely some BIEs are influenced by a mix of anti-authoritarian, Moorish sovereign citizen ideology, and BIE ideology. The FBI has high confidence in these assessments, based on a history of violent incidents attributed to individuals who acted on behalf of their ideological beliefs, documented in FBI investigations and other law enforcement and open source reporting. The FBI makes this judgment with the key assumption the recent incidents are ideologically motivated.
Such sweeping race-based conclusions, in the hands of an FBI that has been further unleashed by the Trump administration, along with a Justice Department commanded by Jeff Sessions, harkens one back to the days when the Panthers and Black liberation organizations were labeled “Black Nationalist Hate Groups” — the days of Racial Matters squads and COINTELPRO.
Is Black Lives Matter leaders now being targeted? Are they included on the FBI's latest version of its Rabble Rouser and Agitator Indexes like Fred Hampton was? Are anti-Klan activists riddled by agent provocateurs in the mold of William O'Neal? Are activists who oppose anti-Muslim violence marked for the Bureau's Security Index? What type of COINTELPRO-type actions were afoot at Standing Rock and Charlottesville? Is the Justice Department preparing to use the words and writings of movement activists in prosecutions for seditious conspiracy, as Richard Nixon's Justice Department attempted to do? Such questions abound, and cannot be dismissed as mere paranoia. Rather, we must remain vigilant and informed — but not deterred — by this history, as we continue to resist official repression and redouble the struggle for social and racial justice.
Yes, I'll chip in Time is running out. We only have two days left to raise $23,000 for Truthout. Every penny goes directly toward our publishing costs. Will you take a few seconds to help?
Copyright, Truthout. May not be reprinted without permission.
Anti-gay group hands out leaflets that compare gay marriage to “sharia law', claim that children of gay couples are eight times more likely to be abused and that gay people are more prone to cancer.
The Alliance for the Defence of the Family and Marriage (ADFAM), an initiative based in Ireland to “promote and defend the traditional family” have been handing out horrific leaflets to the public, that make outlandish claims based on completely unfounded statistics.
According to reports, the leaflets were distributed by ADFAM‘s Seamas DeBarra at the RDS, Dublin over the weekend.
Read the full leaflet, which was downloaded from their official website, below:
Campaign Leaflet Why Should I Vote Against Same-Sex “Marriage”? 1) Only a man and a woman can produce children. Same-sex “marriage”
is a confidence trick. An estimated 0.3% of the overall population will avail of it,
if legislated for. It tends to be very short-lived, and promiscuous. Frequently,
same-sex pairs don't even live together. Only 1/10 of the countries of the world
allow it. 2) If you vote for it, you are doing active homosexual persons no favours. They will
still contract cancers earlier in life. The average life expectancy of those
in same-sex relationships are 60 years. Statistically they are subject, more
than average, to HIV, alcoholism, illegal drug abuse, depression, and suicide. 3) Only a minority will want to adopt children anyway, but research shows
that children, who are adopted by couples/pairs other than by man + woman
couples, are subject to 8 times more harm, and are 50 times more likely to die
of injuries inflicted on them. A child is best raised by his/her own mother
and father. 4) Voting for same-sex “marriage” is like voting for Islamic-State-style
‘sharia law'. It is giving in to a very small minority. In this case, the very small
minority will dictate what marriage means. Persecution of Christians surely
will follow, and it will become a crime to teach and preach Christian morality.
This has already happened elsewhere. 5) The Vatican document Considerations Regarding Proposals (2003) says that it is
‘gravely immoral' to vote for same-sex “marriage”.
Unsurprisingly, after being posted on Twitter the group came underfire for their blatently homophobic leaflets.
I ripped up the leaflet I was handed (in the RDS). @HelenORahilly @ianmccourt Here is it in full: pic.twitter.com/LVJqksxKpF — Grace O' Reilly (@graceyosmiley) February 21, 2015
The group responded by stating that they do not condoned any sort of violence against LGBT people.
(CNN) There's a worldwide shortage of donor organs . Some people spend years on a transplant list, and others lose their lives while waiting.
But what if we could change that by growing organs?
It isn't the premise of a science-fiction movie. Scientists believe they have the knowledge and technology to make this scenario a reality.
Researchers are in the very early stages of using adult stem cells to grow human organs. The twist: These human organs are being grown inside animals.
Every day, about 22 people in the United States die while waiting for organ transplants, according to federal statistics
In an attempt to solve the global donor-organ shortage, researchers at the University of California, Davis have created embryos that have both human and pig cells.
These cells are created by taking human stem cells from an adult's skin or hair, using them in a pig embryo and injecting it into the uterus of a pig.
The embryo needs a few weeks to mature for scientists to determine whether the procedure worked, but after 28 days, the pigs' pregnancies were terminated, and the cell remnants were analyzed.
Besides growing organs for transplant patients, this technology may help treat people with life-threatening diseases like diabetes, said scientist Juan Carlos Izpisua Belmonte of the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in La Jolla, California.
Belmonte is working with UC-Davis' Pablo Ross on this research. Their work is being funded in part by the Defense Department and the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine.
Getting to the point of creating human-animal hybrid organs is possible because of the combination of two breakthrough techniques in stem cell biology and gene-editing technology
JUST WATCHED What is CRISPR Cas9 gene editing? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What is CRISPR Cas9 gene editing? 01:50
Scientists are able to knock out a section of an animal's DNA, such as the pancreas, so a pig embryo won't have the information it needs to make that particular organ.
Then, stem cells come into play. Once injected into the embryo, the adult stem cells will start working on creating a pancreas. Since embryos don't have immune systems, they can't reject the foreign cells.
The next step, which Belmonte said is still a dream, is that old, damaged or sick human organs could be easily replaced, possibly saving thousands of lives each year.
When man and beast unite
What makes stem cells so special is that they can form any type of tissue.
The stem cells are injected into an embryo at such an early stage, when the embryo is just a few cells in a Petri dish, that they can essentially develop into any part of of an animal's body.
That possibility also makes the research controversial.
The mix of human and animal DNA in modern medicine is known as chimera. The name is inspired by a monstrous creature from Greek mythology that is depicted as part lion, part goat and part snake.
The U.S. National Institutes of Health announced in November that it would not support this human-animal research after reviewing a presentation from scientists working in the field.
The institutes' main concern involves the concept of chimeras acquiring a cognitive state. Scientists are essentially asking themselves what happens if human stem cells somehow start to create a human brain inside an animal.
It's a major bioethical question, according to Paul Root Wolpe, director of the Center of Ethics at Emory University.
"If you were creating a pig with a heart made from human cells, is that OK? I think it is. There's nothing magical about the human cell," Wolpe said.
But the landscape gets murkier if there's a possibility of an animal experiencing human thoughts, Wolpe explained. Mental cognition is an intrinsically human experience.
"This is pretty crude procedure. We are throwing stem cells into embryonic cells and hoping that it works out. We have to be really careful about that," he said.
JUST WATCHED On China: Genetically modifying human embryos Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH On China: Genetically modifying human embryos 01:44
Although the risk of an animal acquiring human consciousness is slim -- their brains are smaller than and different from humans' -- anything is possible, Belmonte said.
"We need to consider all the possibilities. Where the cells go is a major question. They can go to the brain or anywhere," he said.
But the National Institutes of Health's funding ban has drawn criticism from scientists, including Daniel Garry, a cardiologist who leads a chimera project at the University of Minnesota, who said the agency's stance is inhibiting medical progress and creating a stigma around the research.
'Personalizing' the future of medicine
Other than transforming to essentially anything, human stem cells are important in chimera research because they can limit the chance of a human-pig organ being rejected by a transplant patient's body.
"With the compatibility of these cells, this will open the door for personalizing medicine," Belmonte said.
So why grow organs inside a pig, anyway?
The creature's organs are almost the same size as ours, said Walter Low, professor at the University of Minnesota's Department of Neurosurgery
"The animal is acting as a biological incubator," Low said. "If the stem cells were taken from a patient with diabetes, those stem cells are identical to the patient's own cells."
Low has been using stem cells to treat neurological disorders such as Parkinson's disease , a condition that affects the central nervous system.
This idea of chimera organs isn't a new concept, Low explained. In 2010, Japanese scientist Hiromitsu Nakauchi, who is now a stem cell biologist at Stanford University, was able to grow a rat pancreas inside a mouse. This was a huge breakthrough in chimera research because rats and mice are different species.
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.
If we can grow a rat organ in a mouse, why not a human organ inside a pig? Low asked.
However, we're not very close to growing a human organ inside a pig just yet.
Belmonte and other scientists are pushing forward in their research. They want to create life-saving organs and potential treatments for debilitating diseases, but that dream isn't possible without funding and support, Belmonte said.
"If this works, it may change the practice of medicine," he said.
Human Rights Watch (HRW)'s Deputy Director of Asia, Phelim Kine, shows a copy of the HRW magazine during a news conference in Kabul. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani/Files
MANILA – A human rights watchdog has decried President Rodrigo Duterte's comments referencing Nazi party founder Adolf Hitler and the Holocaust, calling his words "obscene."
Human Rights Watch (HRW) Deputy Asia Director Phelim Kine also urged the United States and European Union (EU) to send a strong message to the Duterte administration that the Philippines "risks an immediate suspension of aid unless the abusive 'war on drugs' and its skyrocketing death toll comes to a halt."
The US and EU are among the Philippines' sources of official development assistance.
The public should not underestimate the impact Duterte's words have on police and vigilantes, Kine said.
Vigilantes "lawlessly slaughter their fellow Filipinos without fear of arrest," said Kine, and they are encouraged by Duterte's strong words.
On Saturday, the US State Department said Duterte's comments regarding Hitler were "troubling."
His words were "a significant departure" from the tradition of America and the Philippines' "mutual foundation of shared values…[including] our shared belief in human rights and human dignity," said State Department Spokesperson Mark Toner.
The United Nations also weighed in, with spokesperson Stephane Dujaric saying, "Any use of the Holocaust and the suffering of the Holocaust in comparison to anything else frankly is inappropriate and is to be rejected."
In a statement, Presidential Spokesperson Ernesto Abella said Duterte's reference to the killing of over 6 million Jews during World War II "was an oblique deflection of the way he has been pictured as a mass murderer, a Hitler, a label he rejects."
"The Philippines recognizes the deep significance of the Jewish experience especially their tragic and painful history," he said. "We do not wish to diminish the profound loss of 6 million Jews in the Holocaust - that deep midnight of their story as a people."
On Friday, Duterte told reporters upon his arrival from an official visit to Vietnam that critics portrayed him as a "cousin of Hitler."
Weighing in at a mere 97 lb., Dorothea Taylor rescued her husband from an angry moose with nothing but a shovel
By Bill Roth, Anchorage Daily News, via AP Dorothea Taylor, 85, used a shovel to fight off a moose that was attacking her husband George Murphy, 82
Alaskan Dorothea Taylor, 85, and her husband George Murphy, 82, got into a tussle with a moose while taking their golden retrievers, Fellar and Tut, out for some fresh air last week, the Anchorage Daily News reports.
Taylor was waiting in their truck to avoid the Alaskan subzero temperatures while her husband collected the dogs, according to the Daily News. That's when Murphy noticed the massive animal.
“He was way off. Jeez, he spotted me and he started to come right after me. So I was trying to get to the truck. But I didn't make it,” Murphy, a bush pilot from Willow, Alaska, told the Daily News.
(LIST: Top 10 Animal Attacks on Humans)
The moose charged at Murphy, stomping on him in the snow. Luckily, his 5-ft.-tall wife of about 40 years is an experienced hunter. While the moose continued to beat up her husband, Taylor grabbed a shovel from the truck and took swing after swing at the moose.
“When it turned and started to go off slowly, I hit it with everything I had,” she told the Daily News.
Finally, the moose started to retreat and Tut, one of their dogs, chased the animal off before it could do any more damage. Taylor made it out unscathed, but her husband is recovering from seven broken ribs and a 6-in. cut on his forehead.
“Well, we've helped each other out of problems before. This just happened to be the latest,” Taylor said.
LIST: Top 10 Evil Animals
5 Game Fantasy Target Split
NFL Player 5G 5G Total Reggie Wayne 70 60 130 Brandon Marshall 56 51 107 Calvin Johnson 56 51 107 Wes Welker 66 53 105 Larry Fitzgerald 55 49 104 A.J. Green 56 48 104 Victor Cruz 57 47 104 Jason Witten 40 56 96 Roddy White 45 48 93 Dwayne Bowe 57 36 93 Andre Johnson 30 60 90 Steve Johnson 46 43 89 Brian Hartline 53 35 88 Vincent Jackson 46 42 88 Tony Gonzalez 47 40 87 Dez Bryant 48 38 86 Marques Colston 50 36 86 DeSean Jackson 46 40 86 Demaryius Thomas 46 39 85 Percy Harvin 48 37 85 Steve Smith 38 46 84 Miles Austin 34 50 84 Davone Bess 38 44 82 Brandon Lloyd 45 37 82 Eric Decker 43 35 78 Donnie Avery 47 31 78 Mike Wallace 34 44 78 Julio Jones 46 31 77 Jimmy Graham 42 35 77 Anquan Boldin 38 38 76
With every NFL player now finished their bye week, Gridiron Experts wanted to create a comparison of the top 30 most targeted players first five games, to their second five games. The table to the right splits each NFL player into two columns. While most fantasy players see a relatively equal number targets from the first half of the season to the second half, there are some notable differences and trends.
*It should be noted that Jimmy Graham and Percy Harvin each missed time. Their five game split should not be compared.
Increased Second Half Targets
Andre Johnson, Texans- While his week 11 match-up saw a massive spike of 19 targets, the top wide receiver for the Houston Texans has doubled his targets from the first five games of the season. With nagging injuries and easier opponents on the schedule, it only makes sense that we're now just starting to see this fantasy stud take off. (First 5 games 30 Targets. Second 5 games 60 Targets.)
While his week 11 match-up saw a massive spike of 19 targets, the top wide receiver for the Houston Texans has doubled his targets from the first five games of the season. With nagging injuries and easier opponents on the schedule, it only makes sense that we're now just starting to see this fantasy stud take off. (First 5 games 30 Targets. Second 5 games 60 Targets.) Miles Austin, Cowboys– Austin's fantasy production has been slightly quieter the last two weeks, but there is a noticeable increase in targets sent his way through the second half of the season. With the best yet to come and a possible playoff window open, Tony Romo should lean on Austin even more in the coming weeks. It should also be noted that Dez Bryant's slump has helped the amount of balls thrown Austin's way. Nevertheless, it's a noticeable spike. (First 5 games 34 Targets. Second 5 games 50 Targets.)
Decreased second half targets
Brian Hartline, Dolphins – Easily one of the most noticeable drop-offs is Brian Hartline of the Miami Dolphins. After a few massive fantasy games in weeks two and four, this waiver wire gem has definitely cooled off. (First 5 games 53 Targets. Second 5 games 35 Targets.)
– Easily one of the most noticeable drop-offs is Brian Hartline of the Miami Dolphins. After a few massive fantasy games in weeks two and four, this waiver wire gem has definitely cooled off. (First 5 games 53 Targets. Second 5 games 35 Targets.) Dwayne Bowe, Chiefs– With the Kansas City Chiefs total implosion, Dwayne Bowe's fantasy drop-off is expected. With quarterback problems and injuries across the board, Bowe's seen far less targets the past five games opposed to the first five. You got a better chance with a William Hill football coupon. (First 5 games 57 Targets. Second 5 games 36 Targets.)
NFL Top 30 Fantasy Targets
This following is the top 30 most targeted fantasy players after 11 weeks.
FARMERS and producers will continue to pay higher fees for firearms licenses because the State Government won't change a bureaucratic system described as a "dog's breakfast".
Last week, Farm Weekly revealed firearm owners - and potential owners - were hit with high fee increases due to a poorly-run and inefficient system.
One increase was as much as 147 per cent and was part of WA Police's plans to recoup costs.
Shooters and Fishers Party member Rick Mazza raised the issue in the Upper House last week to disallow the fee increase and launch a review into the system and the Firearms Act 1973.
The review had already been approved by Police Minister Liza Harvey, but when it came to a vote on disallowing the fee increase until the review was completed, it was knocked back, leaving the 82,500 gun owners to pay the costs for a disorganised system.
During State Parliament, multiple members expressed their concern over the system, which sees data entered through Australia Post and then manually processed through the WA Police system, costing more time and money for a department already under resources pressure.
The motion needed 16 members to be carried, but Mr Mazza managed to only get 12, with Member for South West Nigel Hallett and Member for South Metropolitan Region Simon O'Brien, the only members to cross the floor and vote in favour of the disallowance motion.
Other regional members such as Nationals' Paul Brown, Martin Aldridge, Jaqui Boydell, Dave Grills and Colin Holt along with Liberals' Mark Lewis, Jim Chown and Agriculture and Food Minister Ken Baston, voted for the current cost structure to remain.
The other regional Liberal member Brian Ellis was not present for the vote.
Mr Mazza said he was very surprised the vote didn't get up.
"I must say I would have thought the Nationals would have supported the motion," Mr Mazza said.
"As we know the Nationals represent rural WA and as we know rural WA uses firearms every day as a tool for the man on the land."
Mr Mazza said he was even more surprised by the lack of support for the motion because during the discussion in parliament it seemed to be unanimous that the system was inefficient.
"Everybody agreed there was a problem with the system and it was just costing a fortune to run," he said.
"I understand the government had to stand by its regulations in not disallowing it, but having two Liberal members cross the floor is a big deal."
Member for Agriculture Region Darren West voted in favour of the disallowance motion and called on regional members to represent their electorate.
"We (Labor) supported it and all country members should have supported it on behalf of their country constituents," Mr West said.
"It is just another impost on regional businesses when they can afford it the least.
"And any country MP who truly has their electorate's best interests at heart should have voted to disallow the increase.
"Only one country MP was prepared to cross the floor (Mr Hallett).
"The most disappointing aspect of it was that the National Party said how bad the system was but when it came to vote party members were nowhere to be seen.
"People put them into parliament to vote, not to talk."
Mr Brown spoke in parliament about the system and also said it was inefficient, but did not cross the floor and voted to keep the cost increase.
The next day Mr Brown issued a media release saying the Nationals had "successfully negotiated a commitment from Police Minister Liza Harvey to order a review of the State's firearms licencing system, in an effort to streamline costly inefficiencies being passed on to firearms owners".
That was despite the commitment already made by Ms Harvey, which Farm Weekly printed and got confirmation of two days before Mr Brown's media release.
"My colleagues and I believe a review will help streamline costly inefficiencies and help WA Police - which manages the licensing system - better meet cost recovery targets without passing on fee hikes to firearms owners," Mr Brown said.
Mr Brown said the committee report highlighted the lengthy application process firearms owners were required to undertake, labelling the 13-step procedure an "absolute dog's breakfast".
"The processing procedure for basic firearm licence applications and renewals involves double and manual handling as well as third-party outsourcing," he said.
"When that has to be done every year for WA's 82,500 firearms owners, it amounts to a lot of inefficiencies that if addressed and streamlined, will reduce the fee costs passed on.
"I commend Minister Harvey for indicating she will undertake a review of the system."
Around 60,000 historical scientific papers are accessible via a fully searchable online archive, with papers published more than 70 years ago now becoming freely available.
The Royal Society is the world's oldest scientific publisher, with the first edition of Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society appearing in 1665. Henry Oldenburg – Secretary of the Royal Society and first Editor of the publication – ensured that it was “licensed by the council of the society, being first reviewed by some of the members of the same”, thus making it the first ever peer-reviewed journal.
Philosophical Transactions had to overcome early setbacks including plague, the Great Fire of London and even the imprisonment of Oldenburg, but against the odds the publication survived to the present day. Its foundation would eventually be recognised as one of the most pivotal moments of the scientific revolution.
Professor Uta Frith FRS, Chair of the Royal Society library committee, said: “I'm delighted that the Royal Society is continuing to increase access to its wonderful resources by opening up its publishing archives. The release of these papers opens a fascinating window on the history of scientific progress over the last few centuries and will be of interest to anybody who wants to understand how science has evolved since the days of the Royal Society's foundation.”
Treasures in the archive include Isaac Newton's first published scientific paper, geological work by a young Charles Darwin, and Benjamin Franklin's celebrated account of his electrical kite experiment. And nestling amongst these illustrious papers, readers willing to delve a little deeper into the archive may find some undiscovered gems from the dawn of the scientific revolution – including accounts of monstrous calves, grisly tales of students being struck by lightning, and early experiments on to how to cool drinks “without the Help of Snow, Ice, Haile, Wind or Niter, and That at Any Time of the Year.”
Henry Oldenburg writes in his introduction to the first edition: “...it is therefore thought fit to employ the Press, as the most proper way to gratify those, whose...delight in the advancement of Learning and profitable Discoveries, doth entitle them to the knowledge of what this Kingdom, or other parts of the World, do, from time to time, afford...”, going on to state that potential contributors are: “...invited and encouraged to search, try, and find out new things, impart their knowledge to one another, and contribute what they can to the Grand design of improving natural knowledge, and perfecting all Philosophical Arts, and Sciences.”
Thomas Huxley FRS wrote in 1870: “If all the books in the world, except the Philosophical Transactions, were to be destroyed, it is safe to say that the foundations of physical science would remain unshaken, and that the vast intellectual progress of the last two centuries would be largely, though incompletely, recorded.”
The move is being made as part of the Royal Society's ongoing commitment to open access in scientific publishing. Opening of the archive is being timed to coincide with Open Access Week, and also comes soon after the Royal Society announced its first ever fully open access journal, Open Biology.
Search the journal archive here.
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2016 September 24
Heart and Soul and Double Cluster
Image Credit & Copyright: Adrien Klamerius
Explanation: This rich starfield spans almost 10 degrees across the sky toward the northern constellations Cassiopeia and Perseus. On the left, heart-shaped cosmic cloud IC 1805 and IC 1848 are popularly known as the Heart and Soul nebulae. Easy to spot on the right are star clusters NGC 869 and NGC 884 also known as h and Chi Perseii, or just the Double Cluster. Heart and Soul, with their own embedded clusters of young stars a million or so years old, are each over 200 light-years across and 6 to 7 thousand light-years away. In fact, they are part of a large, active star forming complex sprawling along the Perseus spiral arm of our Milky Way Galaxy. The Double Cluster is located at about the same distance as the Heart and Soul nebulae. Separated by only a few hundred light-years, h and Chi Perseii are physically close together, and both clusters are estimated to be about 13 million years old. Their proximity and similar stellar ages suggest both clusters are likely a product of the same star-forming region.
Larissa Katz is an associate professor at the University of Toronto Faculty of Law. She teaches and writes about property law and theory. She is the author of the paper 'Governing Through Owners': How and Why Formal Private Property Rights Enhance State Power.
Brookfield Property Partners, the owner of Toronto's Hudson's Bay Centre, outraged many residents when its employees removed a bicycle locked to a pole on a public sidewalk in front of its property at the busy corner of Yonge and Bloor streets.
The bicycle owner, Lisa Ferguson, thought her bicycle had been stolen, only to discover from Brookfield's security guards that the company had ordered its removal and put it into storage. Ms. Ferguson also found out that this was not the first time Brookfield had removed bicycles from the sidewalk.
Story continues below advertisement
At first glance, this seemed to be both an invasion of the private property rights of the bike owner, and an intrusion by a private company into the public sphere (control of public sidewalks). Lisa Ferguson got her bicycle back and money for a new lock. But there are important and unresolved questions about the assertion of private power in the public sphere.
The story we have largely seen in media reports is one of overreach: Brookfield, from this viewpoint, had no business deciding what happens on public sidewalks. As one commentator put it, Brookfield's "responsibility and their power ends at their property line." But in fact the distinction between private and public in Toronto, as in most cities, is not at all so crisp. The City of Toronto governs through its employees and licensees. But it also "governs through owners:" private owners are called on to discharge a variety of public burdens, many of which concern public sidewalks.
So private owners such as Brookfield, as well as private homeowners, are in charge to some extent of public spaces: They are responsible for shovelling snow in winter and clearing ice in the parts of the city where mechanical cleaning is not cost-efficient or practicable for city workers. Owners are also responsible for keeping public sidewalks free of encumbrances to pedestrian traffic. This is clearly a public task: owners are to take charge of public spaces for public purposes. In ridding public sidewalks of encumbrances, owners are not meant just to protect access to their own property; they are meant to safeguard the public's right to move freely along passageways.
What does it mean, then, to "govern through owners?" It means that the state can conscript owners to perform important public services. But responsibility must come with authority: the owner obligated to clean a street or remove encumbrances must have the authority to do what is required.
This does not, of course, tell us whether Brookfield was right to remove the bicycle but it does change the terms of the debate: we should not think of this incident just in terms of private wrongs or the usurpation of public power. Rather we should ask whether Brookfield exceeded its delegated authority with respect to public spaces by removing a bicycle that may not, after all, have presented an obstacle to passersby.
The crucial point is that private owners are not just in charge of private property; they are sometimes in charge of public spaces, too. The pressing question that we should be debating is whether we have delegated too much responsibility and too much authority over public matters to private owners.
You can also take advantage of integrations with an ecosystem of services to extend the value of Stackdriver. For example, you can stream Stackdriver logs to BigQuery to perform ad-hoc analysis. Likewise, you can use Google Cloud Datalab to perform ad-hoc visualization of time series data. Finally, you can choose among a variety of alerting integrations to ensure that your team receives alert notifications in the appropriate format, including Slack, HipChat, Campfire, and PagerDuty.
Get started in 2 minutes, nothing to maintain or scale
Getting started with Stackdriver is easy. Once you create your account and configure integration with AWS (if applicable), Stackdriver will automatically discover your cloud resources and provide an initial set of metrics and dashboards. From there, you can create uptime checks and deploy our open source agents (packages of Collectd for metrics Fluentd for logs ) to get deeper visibility into your virtual machines, databases, web servers and other components in just a couple of commands.
Stackdriver is built on top of the same powerful technologies that provide monitoring, logging and diagnostics for Google, so you can rest assured that Stackdriver will scale with you as your environment grows. And since Stackdriver is a hosted service, Google takes care of the operational overhead associated with monitoring and maintaining the service for you.
Try Google Stackdriver free during Beta
We're excited to introduce Google Stackdriver and hope you find it valuable in making ops easier — whether you're running on AWS, GCP or both. The service is currently in Beta. Learn more and try it for free at http://cloud.google.com/stackdriver.
Please note that we'll continue to support existing Stackdriver customers and work closely with them to migrate to Google Stackdriver once it's generally available.
A group of Orthodox rabbis warned on Wednesday that the ancient Jewish practice of infant male circumcision could face further restrictions in Europe after some hospitals in Austria and Switzerland suspended the procedure by citing a German court ruling that it could amount to criminal bodily harm.
Last month's verdict by a regional court in Cologne did not ban circumcision, but it prompted angry protests from Jewish and Muslims groups, especially after the German Medical Association advised doctors not to perform unnecessary circumcisions until the legal situation was clarified – something Germany's government has pledged to do soon.
Two weeks ago, a hospital in Zurich also suspended circumcisions, saying it wanted to investigate public concerns about the procedure, which involves cutting off a boy's foreskin. Anti-circumcision campaigners say the act breaches the child's right to bodily integrity, while faith groups insist it is part of their religious freedom.
"We in Switzerland aren't directly affected by the Cologne ruling, but it sparked a debate about how to deal with the medical and ethical issues involved," said Marco Stuecheli, a spokesman for Zurich's Children's Hospital.
On Tuesday, the governor of Vorarlberg province in Austria told state-run hospitals to stop circumcisions except for health reasons until the legal situation was clarified. He said the German decision, which arose from the case of a child whose circumcision led to medical complications, was a "precedence-setting judgment."
"Our fears that the court ruling in Cologne could have a knock-on effect across Europe are now being realised," said Pinchas Goldschmidt, the president of the Conference of European Rabbis.
He said Jewish leaders across the continent would seek out politicians and government officials to impress on them how central the practice was to their faith and to forestall further restrictions elsewhere.
While Muslims commonly circumcise their sons at a young age, in Judaism the procedure must take place eight days after birth. According to religious law, an uncircumcised male is not considered fully part of the Jewish community, Goldschmidt said.
"In order to change that, we would have to convene a supreme Jewish religious court, which has not convened for the last 2,000 years," he said.
The German government is expected to propose a bill this autumn which would ensure that circumcision remains legal in the country.
The Children's Hospital in Zurich said it hoped to reach a decision next month about whether to resume circumcisions. So far, the suspension has delayed only two planned operations, because many Jewish parents prefer to have their sons circumcised privately, Stuecheli said.
The N.F.L., the $14 billion-a-year sports juggernaut that dominates TV ratings as well as the national conversation most Sundays, has ascended to its position of supremacy in recent years with an ownership group that often works in lock step. The men and women who control the league's 32 teams might disagree sometimes, but rarely do they publicly reveal any discord.
Now the league, already wobbling under the strain of presidential and public aggravation over players' kneeling during the national anthem, is coping with what amounts to an all-out war between one of its most powerful owners and its commissioner, Roger Goodell, who has been rewarded for the N.F.L.'s success with annual compensation that has topped $40 million.
Jerry Jones, the owner of the Dallas Cowboys, has escalated a feud with Goodell, threatening to sue the league and some fellow team owners over negotiations to extend Goodell's contract, according to three people with direct knowledge of the situation.
Jones told the six owners on the league's compensation committee last week that he had hired David Boies, the high-profile lawyer under fire in the Harvey Weinstein sexual harassment case, according to the people, who declined to speak publicly about internal league matters.
Update: After this post went up, Trump began tweeting about Puerto Rico on Monday night, reflecting on the magnitude of the devastation. Interestingly, he argues that the U.S. territory was already in very bad shape -- apparently setting expectations for a long, arduous and politically fraught recovery process.
Texas & Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble.. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2017
...It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2017
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2017
As Hurricane Maria destroyed much of Puerto Rico last week, The Washington Post-ABC News poll was in the field. The poll asked people what they thought of President Trump's responses to two other hurricanes, and Trump got strong marks: By a 2-to-1 margin, people gave him a rare (for him) thumbs-up on Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.
But as we're starting to see, Puerto Rico could be the biggest natural-disaster test of Trump's presidency, and Trump doesn't seem nearly as preoccupied with it as he was with the other two hurricanes. Maria seems to have found one of his blind spots, in fact. And that could turn out to be a very bad, and tragic, miscalculation.
As The Washington Post's Philip Bump notes, Trump spent the weekend tweeting about the NFL, while a promised visit to the U.S. commonwealth still hasn't materialized. Trump tweeted once about it last week and spoke with Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rosselló, and the White House announced Monday that it was sending top officials to the island. Other than that, we haven't seen much.
Meanwhile, the devastation on the island of more than 3 million people is slowly coming into focus. Here's what The Post's Samantha Schmidt and Joel Achenbach wrote Sunday night in their must-read piece:
Four days after a major hurricane battered Puerto Rico, leaving the entire island in a communications and power blackout, regions outside San Juan remained disconnected from the rest of the island — and the world. Juncos, in a mountainous region southeast of the capital that was slammed with Maria's most powerful winds, remains isolated, alone, afraid. For many residents, the challenge of accessing the essentials of modern life — gasoline, cash, food, water — began to sink in. And government officials had no answers for them. Estimates for the return of electricity and basic services will be measured not in days but in weeks and months. For those most vulnerable, far too long. Many have been openly wondering when help will arrive, whether from local officials or from the federal government. The first thing some villagers ask when they see outsiders: “Are you FEMA?” Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rosselló is warning that his government needs broader assistance from the federal government, calling on the Pentagon especially to provide more aid for law enforcement and transportation. Rosselló said he's also worried that Congress will shortchange his island once the initial wave of emergency relief is gone. “We still need some more help. This is clearly a critical disaster in Puerto Rico,” he said Sunday night. “It can't be minimized and we can't start overlooking us now that the storm passed, because the danger lurks.”
As most news reports like this one will reinforce, this tragedy is playing out on U.S. soil. Puerto Rico is an American territory whose citizens carry U.S. passports. The fact that it's not a state may be part of the reason for the pretty muted response from the president — and the lack of wall-to-wall news coverage. If this same thing happened in Florida or the Gulf Coast, you can bet it would be different.
But another reason is that it's simply tough to know the full extent of the devastation and the challenges ahead at this point. As Schmidt and Achenbach wrote, the island still has no electricity, making communication difficult. Even its governor could speak to The Post only via a cellphone with spotty coverage. And if you can't communicate, you can't know how bad it is in far-flung areas. Five days later, we're still learning plenty.
A third reason for the tepid government response may be the fact that we've just had two hurricanes on the mainland that got huge attention and plenty of resources. A third hurricane in three weeks is going to be fighting for attention and resources regardless.
For all of these reasons, it's not hard to see Trump being slow to recognize the challenge his presidency now faces. Layer on top of that the fact that Puerto Rico is overwhelmingly Hispanic and that this situation could lead to lots and lots of displaced residents, and there are all kinds of thorny issues involved for a president with Trump's track record. There will be a watchful eye on everything he does, and given his lack of emphasis on the devastation so far, the criticism is already picking up.
We haven't seen a ton of it yet — likely because even would-be critics are still trying to sort through what Maria left in its wake — but make no mistake: This is a tragedy that any president would do well to be proactive about. By virtue of his passing grade on the previous two hurricanes and a host of other variables, it's possible Trump doesn't quite grasp that yet. But he should.
David Ospina will join Arsenal Football Club on a long-term contract for an undisclosed fee.
The 25-year-old goalkeeper had an impressive World Cup with Colombia, helping his country to the quarter finals in Brazil with a series of fine displays.
He arrives at Emirates Stadium from French side Nice, where he made 189 Ligue 1 appearances during a six-year spell.
"David is an excellent goalkeeper, with good experience and a proven record of performing with Nice and Colombia" Arsene Wenger
Ospina began his career with Atletico Nacional in Colombia's Categoria Primera A league, aged just 17. An experienced international, he currently has 49 caps for his country.
Arsène Wenger said of the club's new signing: “David Ospina is an excellent goalkeeper, with good experience and a proven record of performing with Nice and Colombia. He will add strength to our squad and we are very pleased that he will be joining us."
It is expected Ospina will make his first Arsenal appearance at the Emirates Cup, which takes place at Emirates Stadium on Saturday, August 2 and Sunday, August 3.
Ospina's Arsenal squad number will be revealed soon through Arsenal's official Instagram account.
Everyone at Arsenal would like to welcome David to the Club.
The transfer is subject to the completion of regulatory processes.
Good day world, how's your weekend? Great? If the answer is yes, then I'm happy for you :-). If not , well don't you worry then, it's gonna get much better soon. Because today we are going to talk about one of the most fundamental institutions in our life and that will be food.
So, being a child my father used to constantly ask me the question, “Do you eat to live, or you live to eat?” crazy, right? As you might have got from other posts, it's really not that surprising coming from my Dad. He's quite an “intriguing fellow”. He always asked me this question because in childhood, although I wasn't overweight (actually they used to call me “shorty” in school, because I was short and skinny), I was an over eater that's for sure. All this brings me to the fact that eating and living to eat was my motto until I encountered the real food factory in the eyes of McDonald's:
It was at the age of 5 that I remember being in my first McDonald's and God knows I still remember the taste of that milkshake I was given there. I mean I don't know what they do with this food (well actually now I know, but about that a bit later), but goddamn it's a delicious thing to eat. I mean just take a look at this burger. Isn't it a beauty?
No, right? I mean sub consciously, everyone understands that this is trash, junk, you name it. But I'm still shocked (just like with Coca – Cola) why the consumption of such food is becoming a norm that everyone seems to accept. I mean isn't there enough social advertisement going on telling people about the risks of this diet? No? Well if not then get this:
If you are as convinced by this as I am, please feel free to share it with your friends, get involved in debates, argue, but please don't forget that a change in this eating habit starts now and with you. Personally I thought that I will never give up on this, especially when a Mc Donald's opened not so long ago in my city Tver (before that we all used to go to Moscow for this s**t, and now, good news it's just 5 minutes from home :-( ). Yeah, I thought “what a great idea, I'll be able to have a “Big Tasty”, whenever I want”. Now I'm in utter shock when I think of the fact that they are going to open 2 or 3 more in a city of just over 500,000 people. That's insane, right? I mean do they want everyone to take up a diet that leads to all sort of diseases and other not very healthy things?
So if you guys just like me, think that “enough is enough”, please do inform everyone you can. And if you don't, feel free to join the discussion started by this post. Will be glad to inform you about more things connected to healthy food, food production in general and much more. So be healthy, eat well and of course “Eat to live” not the opposite.
The Post's Matea Gold has been sussing out the implications of a change to campaign finance law, dropped into the very end of a very long spending bill set to be approved this week on Capitol Hill.
Gold explains:
The measure would increase the amount individuals could donate to national parties tenfold by allowing wealthy contributors to give additional sums to separate party arms for financing presidential conventions, building renovations and recounts and other legal proceedings. Those three committees could accept triple the amount individuals can give now to the national parties.
Currently, donors are allowed to give $32,400 per year to a party committee. That's $32,400 to the Democratic National Committee, for example, plus the same amount to the Senate and House campaign committees. And $32,400 to the party's convention committee.
The new rule keeps the same per-committee limits, but triples the amount that could be given for the convention. Plus, it lets each committee set up funds for buildings and legal fees that also allow triple the contributions.
But why explain with words when we can explain with a very large graph?
Why do parties want so much money for buildings or recounts? Simple. As Republican election law attorney Michael Toner told Gold, "Money is fungible in American politics." The Democratic Senate committee spent $5 million on a building this year — money that could have gone to candidates. Now, they have a separate fund for that. What's more, the lines on something like "defray expenses incurred with respect to the preparation for and the conduct of election recounts and contests and other legal proceedings" — the description offered for the third type of fund — is squishy. Lots of things could count as "other legal proceedings."
In total, Gold estimates that couples (who can each give, once a year), could end up giving $3.1 million a cycle to their favorite political party. If money is speech, political parties are about to get a lot louder.
Bloomberg
The Department of Defense on Thursday placed the University of Phoenix system on probation, barring the for-profit school giant from recruiting on military bases and preventing troops from using federal money for classes.
The Defense Department provided few details on the move, but the university system US:APOL has been subjected to scrutiny by the department and Congress for months. In June, Sen. Dick Durbin (D., Ill.) sent a letter to Defense Secretary Ash Carter requesting an investigation into, among other things, the school's recruitment efforts on bases.
The university system, with some 200,000 enrolled civilian and military students, is a major provider of classes to active duty troops, reservists and National Guardsmen, and provides on-campus and distance learning.
“The institution will not be authorized access to DoD installations for the purposes of participating in any recruitment-type activities,” said Dawn Bilodeau, chief of the Defense Department's Voluntary Education program. “Further, no new or transfer students at the institution will be permitted to receive DoD tuition assistance.”
A full version of this report is available at WSJ.com.
Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
Most illnesses are easy to locate: we break our legs, suffer from headaches, and get arthritis in our hands. But where do mental illnesses happen? In a thoughtful essay in The Wilson Quarterly, Tanya Marie Luhrmann, an anthropologist who studies psychology at Stanford, argues that we're beginning to answer this question in a new way. During the glory days of Freudian analysis, we tended to see mental illness as something based in family life; more recently, we've thought of it as residing entirely in the brain. Now, she writes, we're transitioning to a new model: “recognizing that social factors are among the causes, and must be part of the cure.” (The article is behind the WQ's paywall, but you can read it for free using one of their apps for iPad, Android, or Kindle.)
The mathematician John Nash, who suffered from schizophrenia.
Luhrmann's essay focuses on schizophrenia – a disease, she says, which has been seen from every psychiatric angle. In the mid-twentieth century, psychiatrists thought of schizophrenia as a disease based in “emotional conflict”; it was thought that schizophrenic patients had been raised by “refrigerator mothers” who traumatized their children through emotional fickleness. Then, in the 1980s, brain science took over (“the pain of the [refrigerator mother] mistake,” Luhrmann writes, “still reverberates through the profession”), and schizophrenia started to be approached as a purely brain-based disease, to be treated mainly through medication. “Schizophrenia became a poster child for the new approach, for it was the illness the psychoanalysis of the previous era had most spectacularly failed to cure.”
The intervening decades have seen psychiatrists work tirelessly to cure schizophrenia through medication – but it hasn't worked, Lurhmann says, because many of the drugs either don't work or create devastating side effects, like hallucinations or extreme weight gain. Instead, what's emerged is a more nuanced picture. The brain remains at the center, but it's caught in a complex web of causes. It's not just your psyche, and it's not just your brain – it's everything, all at once:
[S]chizophrenia now appears to be a complex outcome of many unrelated causes – the genes you inherit, but also whether your mother fell ill during her pregnancy, whether you got beaten up as a child or were stressed as an adolescent, even how much sun your skin has seen…. [S]chizophrenia looks more and more like diabetes. A messy array of risk factors predisposes someone to develop [it]…. These factors are not intrinsically linked. Some of them have something to do with genes, but most do not.
Research from around the world, Luhrmann writes, has shown that social life plays a much larger role than you might think. Immigrants, for example, suffer at higher rates than normal – especially when their social environments are stressful (“One of the more disconcerting findings if that if you have dark skin, your risk of falling victim to schizophrenia increases as your neighborhood whitens”). And changes in one's social situation can help lessen the impact of the disease. If sufferers are relocated to cleaner, more organized homes, for instance, their symptoms become easier to manage. In India, doctors take a totally different approach to schizophrenia, and end up with better results – patients “had fewer symptoms, took less medication, and were more likely to be employed and married” than their Western counterparts:
No one really knows why Indian patients did so well, but increasingly, psychiatric scientists are willing to attribute the better outcomes to social factors. For one thing, families are far more involved in the ill person's care in India. They come to all the appointments, manage the medications, and allow the patients to live with them indefinitely. Compared to Europeans and Americans, they yell at the patients less. Indian families also don't treat people with schizophrenia as if they have a soul-destroying illness…. Many of the doctors didn't mention a diagnosis. Many of the families didn't ask. There was a good deal of deception – wives grinding medication into the flour for the daily chapattis they made for their husbands, doctors explaining to patients that they were completely well but should take strengthening pills to protect themselves from the ravages of their youth. As a result, none of the patients thought of themselves as having a career-ending illness, and every one of them expected to get better. And at least compared to patients in the West, they generally did.
It's not that the drugs don't help – they remain key to the treatment – but that the “purely biomedical” treatment doesn't seem like enough; it has to be combined with changes in the sufferer's social world, too. Psychiatrists, Luhrmann argues, are arriving at a “wiser” understanding of the way mental illness works.
Read more at The Wilson Quarterly – it's worth the app download, and the Quarterly is a great, under-appreciated magazine.
On June 30th, Arvind Narayanan , a Computer Science/CITP Assistant Professor at Princeton and affiliate scholar at Stanford Law School's CIS, received a $500,000 grant for award 1421689 from the National Science Foundation (NSF) for “TWC: Small: Addressing the challenges of cryptocurrencies: Security, anonymity, stability”.
The grant is part of the Secure and Trustworthy Cyberspace (SaTC) program which addresses Cybersecurity from Trustworthy Computing Systems (TWC). “Small” in the title of the grant indicates the project is a “Small project”, one that is up to $500,000 in total budget, with a duration of up to three years. “Medium” projects have total budgets up to $1,200,000 and the “Frontier Project” up to $10,000,000, is perhaps the largest grant given to a cryptocurrency specific project to date.
In 2012 Wired Magazine dubbed Narayanan one of the “World's Most Wired” which put a “spotlight on the brightest geniuses you've never heard of”. He notes on his website that, “My doctoral research exposed the problems with data anonymization. My thesis, in a sentence, is that the level of anonymity that consumers expect—and companies claim to provide—in published or outsourced databases is fundamentally unrealizable”. Narayanan is one of the researchers that worked on the DoNotTrack proposal, and Google Scholar has nearly 2,000 citations for Arvind Narayanan.
Narayanan maintains blogs at The Center for Internet and Society at Stanford Law and of course Freedom to Tinker, which is hosted by Princeton's Center for Information Technology Policy (CITP). In a May 2014 post on Freedom to Tinker entitled “The importance of anonymous cryptocurrencies”, Narayanan noted that he was a collaborator on Mixcoin which is a set of proposals for improving Bitcoin's anonymity. In January 2014 over at BitcoinTalk.org, Andrew Miller stated on behalf of Narayanan and the other Mixcoin co-writers that Mixcoin is not an altcoin:
"To be clear, we are not proposing an altcoin but providing suggestions for a mixing layer which can be implemented immediately, incrementally, and without any modifications to Bitcoin."
Shortly therafer in April, the altcoin DarkCoin announced that, “Darkcoin Price Jumps More Than 40% As Developers Unveil First Release Candidate of Anonymous Payment Technology, DarkSend”.
There are only three “references” in the DarkCoin White Paper (PDF), of which Mixcoin is one (See Mixcoin: Anonymity for Bitcoin with accountable mixes [PDF]). Mixcoin was in part funded by NSF through a grant to one of the writers.
Narayanan's NSF grant for “Addressing the challenges of cryptocurrencies: Security, anonymity, stability” states that “Successful completion of the project will lead to a cryptocurrency that is robust against adversaries, paving the way for a secure, private, and stable payment system, which has long been a research goal in computer science” (Full extract of the grant proposal is at the bottom).
In January 2014, the Daily Princetonian's James Evans reported that Narayanan is also part of a group of Princeton University Researchers working on a Bitcoin Prediction market (also see “On Decentralizing Prediction Markets and Order Books” by Joseph Bonneau on Freedom to Tinker) which is in part funded by NSF. This academic research pondered using convertibility from Bitcoin via proof-of-burn, such as that found on CounterParty, to create a decentralized prediction market. It should also be noted that Let's Talk Bitcoin! uses CounterParty to reward its audience members and content creators with the LTBcoin cryptocurrency rewards token (and as such please note this disclosure; that the author of this piece will receive LTBcoin for writing this article).
Narayanan has moderated and participated in a number of cryptography and cryptocurrency panels including “Is Bitcoin Anonymous?” (YouTube) at the Princeton University Real World Cryptography Workshop, The CITP Bitcoin Panel 2 Altcoins (YouTube) and CITP What Happened to the Crypto Dream? (YouTube).
Not Taking Cryptocurrencies For Granted
While the subject award appears to be the first cryptocurrency specific grant, the NSF has funded other cryptocurrency and Bitcoin related projects in part. For example Zerocash: Decentralized Anonymous Payments from Bitcoin (PDF) received partial funding from NSF Science and Technology Center. Skipping to the “Acknowledgments” section of the paper you will find a host of other funders of this project including Amazon.com, DARPA which should look familiar to you if you have been keeping up with my work for Bitcoin Magazine and Let's Talk Bitcoin.
Of course the National Science Foundation and DARPA et al. are not the only way to get a Cryptocurrency grant. The Bitcoin Foundation began its Grant Proposal Process in December 2012.
Last year CoinPunk Developer and “influential eco-system hacker” Kyle Drake was awarded living expenses to work on his project. Drake recently noted on the message board for “Public repo for legal documents related to The Bitcoin Foundation” on GitHub that:
“The Bitcoin Foundation gave me three months of living expenses to work in Coinpunk, which I requested via a grant proposal to build the first completely open source web wallet service. Those three months were approximately one year ago”.
Drake also noted that Coinpunk development was on hold (to work on BitcoinJS), and in February he had a post on the CoinPunk Blog “Coinpunk desperately needs more funding”.
Applications for the Q3 2014 Bitcoin Foundation Grant are due by by September 1, 2014 according to a recent blog post at the Bitcoin Foundation.
The other avenue to receive a Bitcoin grant is via the mysterious BitcoinGrant.org which states on its FAQ; “There is no application to fill out, do not send us a email; simply continue to do great work and the Bitcoin Grant will reach out to you.”
Bitcoin Grant lists ten projects they have backed, including Bitcoin infrastructure company BitFury. BitFury recently made headlines after announcing that it intended to list on the NYSE (New York Stock Exchange) and that it has created a subsidiary “BitFury Capital” which will act as its own seed investment fund. Bitcoin Grant also funded Jeff Garzik's DunVegan Space Systems plan for “BitSats”, a plan to put “bitcoin blockchain data on an unlimited number of ground receivers from a satellite in space”. On November 29th, 2013, Garzik wrote on BitcoinTalk that “[We are] very pleased to announce a generous 25 BTC donation from BitcoinGrant.org, worth $27,000 as of this writing.”
Arvind Narayanan was unable to schedule an interview for this article. The Bitcoin Foundation did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Award Abstract #1421689
TWC: Small: Addressing the challenges of cryptocurrencies: Security, anonymity, stability
NSF Org: CNS Division of Computer and Network Systems
Initial Amendment Date: June 30, 2014
Latest Amendment Date: June 30, 2014
Award Number:1421689
Award Instrument: Standard Grant
Program Manager: Nina Amla
CNS Division of Computer and Network Systems
CSE Directorate for Computer & Information Science & Engineering
Start Date: July 1, 2014
Expires: June 30, 2017 (Estimated)
Awarded Amount to Date: $500,000.00
Investigator(s): Arvind Narayanan [email redacted] (Principal Investigator)
Sponsor:
Princeton University
Off. of Research & Proj. Admin.
Princeton, NJ 08540-0036 (609)258-3090
NSF Program(s):Secure &Trustworthy Cyberspace
Program Reference Code(s): 7434, 7923
Program Element Code(s):8060
Secure digital payments are essential for e-commerce and cybersecurity. Cryptocurrencies, which are virtual currencies designed using cryptographic principles, are well suited for digital payments but face several hurdles to adoption for legitimate e-commerce. The hurdles include (1) poor software security that has led to very high rates of theft and closures of services, (2) users may be deanonymized, negating the putative privacy benefits and (3) there are concerns over long-term stability, either due to inherent flaws in the mechanism used to incentivize participants or due to the ability of adversaries to subvert this mechanism.
This project designs and implements security and anonymity improvements for existing cryptocurrencies that are immediately and incrementally deployable, and develops a framework to analyze the behavior of participants of cryptocurrencies. This framework will be used both to understand and predict the behavior of the current system as well as to explore alternative, more resilient designs. The main challenge for research on cryptocurrencies is that these systems rely on an intricate interplay of three main components: cryptography, distributed systems, and incentive driven behavior. Accordingly, the project develops tools and techniques in all three categories and seek to find novel ways to unify and apply these tools in combination. Successful completion of the project will lead to a cryptocurrency that is robust against adversaries, paving the way for a secure, private, and stable payment system, which has long been a research goal in computer science.
Views: 8,250
People with mental health conditions will find it easier to get help in the community as more general practitioners (GPs) are being trained to diagnose and manage such illnesses.
The Agency for Integrated Care (AIC) said yesterday that it has expanded its Mental Health GP-partnership programme to include 122 GPs who run private clinics, an increase from 70 in 2012.
Doctors in the programme attend a course at the Institute of Mental Health (IMH) to learn about conditions such as dementia, depression and anxiety disorders.
Speaking on the sidelines of the Singapore Mental Health Conference, Dr Tan Weng Mooi, chief of the community mental health division at AIC, said there is often a stigma associated with visiting psychiatrists but this is less so with GPs.
Hence, having a network of GPs equipped with knowledge about mental illnesses will help early detection and allow patients to start treatment sooner, she said.
Three National Healthcare Group (NHG) polyclinics - in Ang Mo Kio, Woodlands and Jurong - have also joined the programme, said Dr Tan, and the number of NHG polyclinics involved is expected to increase to six by 2020.
In addition, polyclinics managed by SingHealth will also be joining the programme later this year.
A one-year pilot study, conducted by the AIC in 2013 with three GPs, found that the doctors diagnosed 429 new cases of mental illness. The AIC estimates that the doctors in the pilot study had potentially diverted about 1,000 appointments from hospitals.
More than 3,000 patients were helped through the Mental Health GP-partnership programme last year, the agency added.
Yesterday, IMH and the National Council for Social Service (NCSS) also announced that they are developing a peer-support programme for people with mental illness.
The programme, to be launched early next year, will train people who have recovered from mental illness to be "peer specialists", which will be a full-time job. It was formerly done on a voluntary basis.
Ms Chan Li Shan, 33, who used to be a part-time peer support specialist, said she used her experience of recovering from schizophrenia to inspire others to conquer their illnesses.
Here I am, working on my post and trying to figure out if AI is going to let me live forever or make everyone dead—and someone sends me this Buzzfeed article. There are some things that call for a work stoppage, and this is one of them.
The title of the article is 20 Slightly Incorrect Names For Food. The kind of thing your friend sends you and you click on it and read the title and then you're just like, “Ahh FUCK. Okay fuck let's scroll down through this whole thing now.” So I started scrolling. Let's discuss (my thoughts in blue)—
1. Milk snakes PhotoObjects.net / Getty Images
Okay so the author, Joanna Borns, has started off by taking a name of a food and changing one of the words to an unrelated word that happens to rhyme. It's unrelated, right? Unless she's suggesting that the straws resemble snakes? But that can't be what's happening, right? I'm probably missing something—let's move to the next one. 2. Cheese quake Hemera Boris Ryzhkov / Getty Images Okay so it's confirmed. Joanna Borns has been commissioned by the biggest website in the world to take normal food and change one word to an unrelated word that happens to rhyme. Time for a scrolldown to see how many of these there are. There are 20 of these. Now I'm leaning forward, suddenly fascinated that this is a thing that's happening.
3. Cinderella steaks iStockphoto Mark Stout / Getty Images Interesting. So here, Borns goes a different direction, replacing Mozzarella with Cinderella, presumably because the latter syllables of the two words match. She could have let it go there, but she decides to also change “sticks” to “steaks,” a word that doesn't rhyme but just kind of sounds the same. I'm taking a few seconds here to think hard about this. Is there some big thing I'm missing? Is there cheese in the story Cinderella and I'm forgetting? Are all these super clever references and it hasn't clicked yet and once it do I'll be like “Ohhhhh okay”? Still not sure.
4. Buffalo things iStockphoto Jack Puccio / Getty Images Buffalo Things. So Borns is back to the “change one word to an unrelated word that happens to rhyme” thing. It's like she went out of the box on item 3 and then decided to get ahold of herself and go back to the original plan.
5. Pen cakes iStockphoto Marie Fields / Getty Images Alright here we're just changing the word pan to pen and calling it a day. She worked hard to get a job at Buzzfeed, right? You have to work hard to be a Buzzfeed writer, but then she gets there and she writes Pen Cakes for #5 and just moves on to the next one.
6. Egg bean & dip iStockphoto Marshall Turner / Getty Images This one took me a minute. She's also blurring the lines a bit here. When we were on Cheese Quake and Pen Cakes, Borns made it clear she'd feel no obligation for the changed word to have anything to do with food or the object at hand. But now she's getting closer to a relevant word—hollandaise is almost dip. Just noting.
7. Peanut boy and jaleel iStockphoto Jack Puccio / Getty Images Borns is officially bored. Earlier in the project, she would have said something like “Peanut Butter and Deli” or “Peanut Cutter and Jelly” and kept things in line. But here she changes butter to boy, which is literally her just picking a b-word with no guidelines at all, and then she goes insane and changes jelly to jaleel. Is she dabbling in casual racism? I can't tell. All we do know is that she apparently felt that “Peanut boy and jaleel” was satisfactory and moved on.
8. Pringles iStockphoto Raimondas Pocius / Getty Images Here Borns has taken one food and replaced it with the name of another food that kind of sounds the same. I have a ton to do right now btw.
9. Hum bungalo iStockphoto zokru / Getty Images I've never seen anything cockier than Borns right now. She took “hamburger,” changed a vowel, and then erased “burger” and replaced it with a random b-word. No one has ever given less of a fuck.
10. Peppertony pizzzazz iStockphoto NicholasBPhotography / Getty Images As we hit the midway point, Borns shits on our faces by changing Pepperoni Pizza to Peppertony Pizzzazz. There are no rules here. I've been trying to hold onto any semblance of structure I could but there's nothing at all to hold on to. She added a man's name into the first word, kind of, and then just rejects everything in the world by putting three Z's in a row in the second word. I've lost. Borns has won.
11. Not bones iStockphoto pilipphoto / Getty Images If I were in a restaurant, and I ordered Pen Cakes, the waiter and I might have a chuckle and he'd bring me my pancakes. But if I ordered Not Bones, the waiter wouldn't think that was a cute play on the word nachos, he wouldn't know what the fuck I was talking about. Not a factor for Borns.
12. Blumbos Fuse Fuse / Getty Images Tens of thousands of adults just arrived at #12, read the word “Blumbos,” and that's part of their day now, because Borns doesn't believe in anything.
13. French friends iStockphoto margouillatphotos / Getty Images You know we've reached a dark point when my standards have become so groundbreakingly low that I see that the author has changed French Fries to French Friends and I think, “Oh that's actually a decent one.”
14. Salmon Wavebreak Media Wavebreakmedia Ltd / Getty Images The woman in the picture probably isn't Joanna Borns. But that's exactly what I think she looks like right now as she's typing these titles. She changes Salad to Salmon, a change that has no meaning or purpose, and then immediately takes a huge bite of salad while she stares at the reader with that face on.
15. Choice plate iStockphoto Atide / Getty Images The worst thing about this is the people reading this article who are aspiring writers and would love a chance to write for Buzzfeed. Behind the browser they're reading this article on is a Word doc of the funny, insightful article they spent the last month carefully working on—an article they hope can catch the world's attention. Meanwhile, the world's attention is on a cheese plate—one that has been renamed Choice plate.
16. Mega roni & cheats iStockphoto rez-art / Getty Images I have nothing more to say about this article and neither do you.
17. Shhhhh iStockphoto Kosin_Sukhum / Getty Images Borns is a bully. She's bullying the readers and she's bullying Buzzfeed. Instead of coming up with a title for sushi, she literally writes Shhhhhh in the same voice as that Nazi character in Saving Private Ryan as he slowly stabs the good guy through the chest.
18. Bong paquito iStockphoto CharlieAJA / Getty Images The only ray of light is I'm sensing that while making it as clear as possible to every person reading this article that they're a loser, Borns has inadvertently defeated herself too. There's no way she felt good about writing Bong Paquito here. No winners will emerge from this.
19. Spagine & meats iStockphoto Edster1980 / Getty Images Ohhh yeah she fucking hates herself right now. That swagger just deflated out of the room in the last two items.
20. Talking iStockphoto Magone / Getty Images In one of the darkest moments in human history, Borns finishes by changing Taco to Talking, literally ending everyone's life forever. And now, with a permanently lower level of self-esteem, I'll try to get back to work.
Today marks the very first day in November, which can only mean one thing -- the holidays are quickly approaching, bringing on chilly weather and a whole new crop of fabulous winter weddings!
So, to commemorate the end of fall, we decided it was only appropriate to throw it back and bring you a beachy Chicago engagement session! Shot at Oak Street Beach, a summer hot-spot for native Chicagoans, Elizabeth and Dan's e-session has me longing for a crisp ocean breeze, sundresses and all the wonderful things that make up the simple and carefree days of summer. And having a charming, oh-so-in love couple to look at isn't so bad, either! Congratulations to the soon-to-be newlyweds, who will be tying the knot in just a few short weeks on November 23rd! Xo, Amanda
Posted on December 6, 2011 at 12:03 pm
by Carolyn Yeager
Why do we have a United States Holocaust Memorial Council, anyway?
This story may seem “old news” as I didn't get around to posting it when I first saw it. The appointments by the White House took place on Oct. 29. It is still important news, though, as a way of explaining just what is the US Holocaust Memorial Council. I did not know, and knowing what it is helps us to realize just how big an investment the U.S. Government has made in keeping “the Holocaust” alive and kicking in the minds of Americans and foreign visitors to Washington, DC. So here goes …
The United States Holocaust Memorial Council is the governing body of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. Did you know that the USHMM, as it's known, is a project of the U.S. Government? That's important to know. The Council alone consists of 55 presidential appointees, in addition to ten Congressional representatives and three ex-officio members from the Departments of Education, Interior, and State. That adds up to 68 high-level persons who all get paid by the taxpayers, in one way or another, for “serving” on this Council.
Of the five new Council members, four are Jews. Not only Jews, but they are very active in “holocaust” promotion and other causes solely for Jews. The first is Wiesel, who I think has been a member from the beginning, as he was its Founding Chairman in 1980, appointed by Democrat Jimmy Carter. At that time, Wiesel attempted to sell the idea by writing to Carter that Holocaust activists aim to use the commission (set up to create the museum) to “reach and transform as many human beings as possible. We hope to share our conviction that when war and genocide unleash hatred against any one people or peoples, all are ultimately engulfed in the fire.” Of course, this is never applied to Israel, or even the U.S., which proves the hypocrisy of the “remembrance” campaigns of the Jews. The other appointees are:
Joseph D. Gutman, who is on the executive committee of Birthright Israel and has held leadership roles with the Jewish Federation of Metropolitan Chicago and the Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC).
Roman R. Kent, born in Lodz, Poland (so we know his name is not really Kent) and serves as Chairman of the American Gathering of Jewish Holocaust Survivors and Their Descendants, is President of the Jewish Foundation for the Righteous and of the International Auschwitz Committee, and is Treasurer of the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany.
Howard D. Unger, an investment banker, the son of a Holocaust survivor, a member of the Committee on Conscience — the Museum's genocide prevention initiative, and serves on the board of the Holocaust and Human Rights Education Center.
Clemantine Wamariya, a friend of Elie Wiesel, who “survived” the 1994 genocide in Rwanda and now lives in Kenilworth, IL (a very upscale suburb of Chicago). She began speaking about her experiences on the Oprah Winfrey Show in 2005 and has shared her story at Museum events around the country. Currently an undergraduate at Yale University, she is involved in the Yale Refugee Project, which works closely with New Haven's Integrated Refugee and Immigrant Services.
It's apparent that each of these persons has a personal investment in keeping holocaust propaganda in the news and appearing timely. They are not objective and don't balance each other out. However, President Obama said of his appointments: “These fine public servants bring both a depth of experience and tremendous dedication to their new roles […] Our nation will be well-served by these men and women, and I look forward to working with them in the months and years to come.”
U.S. Holocaust Museum and Memorial Council are overwhelmingly Jewish operations
Some of the other newer members of the Council, appointed in June, are Nancy B. Gilbert (Jewish activist), Deborah E. Lipstadt (Jewish activist & author) and Marc R. Stanley (Jewish activist). Members of Congress who serve on the Council are Gabriele Gifford (Jewish, AZ), Patrick Grimm (RC, NY and Brooklyn-born), Nan Hayworth (NY), Pat Meehan (RC, PA), Henry Waxman (Jewish, CA). From the Senate: Richard Durbin (RC, IL); Orrin Hatch (Mormon, UT); Frank R. Lautenberg (NJ) and Bernard Sanders (VT), both Jewish. I'm sure they all get stipends for this “service,” or at the very least “expenses” with no questions asked.
To see a list of the current members of the Council, which appears to be entirely Jewish (though I suppose a few are not), go here: http://www.ushmm.org/museum/council/
In addition to this is the large staff of the Holocaust Memorial Museum itself, for which the Federal government donated the land and the U.S. Congress voted unanimously to establish in 1980 after concerted lobbying by American Jews with Israeli backing. Jewish groups came up with a large amount of original funding for the museum, but now American taxpayers provide the bulk of the Holocaust Museum's annual budget – in 2003 to the tune of $38.4 million which was 67% at the time. Its government funding for fiscal year 2004 was increased to $39,997,000. It is currently in the area of $50 million a year. (By comparison, in 2003, the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts received less than $34 million in federal funding. That figure was cut to $32,560,000 for fiscal year 2004.)1
Moreover, in the year 2000, President Bill Clinton, a Democrat, signed legislation granting the museum permanent status as a federal agency, in effect locking in federal support. As a museum press release explained at the time, “Permanent status permits Congress to provide funding without having to review the federal role. Every U.S. government entity requires congressional authority before funds can be allocated; but not every federal institution is given permanent status.”
According to the USHMM website, the museum's function is to be a “living memorial to the Holocaust.” The U.S. taxpayers were not asked whether they thought their tax money should go to providing in perpetuity a living memorial to “The Holocaust” on American soil, but their Congressmen-and-women answered the demand of the Jews to do it in their name.
Constant media propaganda deceives many an American into thinking this expensive memorial is helping world peace or global humanitarianism. According to an ADL (Anti-Defamation League) press release, the program “brings law enforcement officers to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, D.C. for an intensive program that challenges them to examine their relationship with the public and to explore issues of personal responsiblity and ethical conduct.”2 If the museum helps foot the bill for these junkets, that would explain where some of the yearly $50 million goes. In what way, however, does it help U.S. law enforcement officers do a better job enforcing U.S. law, except to “profile” certain groups as likely victims and others as likely perpetrators? It appears to be nothing more than indoctrination. The same is done with school children who are also brought to the museum to be indoctrinated into who are the victims and who the perpetrators.
Who is taking advantage of whom?
This is just one piece of the morality tale of how our government gets stolen out from under us by clever, well-organized Jews and elected representatives of the people who, instead of serving the majority interests, serve Jewish interests. Elie Wiesel has been a ‘friend' of every U.S. President since he became a U.S. citizen in 1963 … why? There are other ‘holocaust survivors' among the U.S. population, some with far better stories than Wiesel's. Many have even written books. Why aren't they feted by Presidents and put in charge of multi-million dollar budgets and taxpayer-funded museums? Why is it always Wiesel?
One thing we can say is that a large part of the USHMM's mission is to facilitate and secure a glorious legacy for Elie Wiesel. He is the chosen one to represent, as much as is possible in the person of one man, the horror and meaning and continuation of the Jewish Shoah for all time. Thus, the USHMM devotes a lot of attention to Wiesel now, and after he is dead … well, you ain't seen nuthin' yet. Here, as an example, is what was said upon bestowing on Wiesel the museum's highest honor in May of this year, which they even named after him:
In honor of Wiesel's extraordinary vision and moral stature, which not only created the Museum but inspired a worldwide movement of Holocaust remembrance and education, the award henceforth will be named the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum Elie Wiesel Award.
As a speaker at this event, Clemantine Wamariya (mentioned above as one of the October appointees to the Holocaust Council), said of the impact Wiesel's book Night had on her as an 8th grade student, “It was as if my mouth opened and I've never been quiet since. It spoke to me directly and told me I must not be silent.”
Above: “Saint Elie of Wiesel”
Elie Wiesel the public personage cannot be separated from the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington D.C. It is as responsible for him as he is responsible for it. What that means will continue to be explored on this website.
Endnotes
Graduation, via Paul Cleary, Flickr.
This article was originally published as part of our "Is University Still Worth It?" week, but remains as relevant today, in February of 2018, following the news that Prime Minister Theresa May will announce an independent review of university fees and student finance, citing the fact that UK students face "one of the most expensive systems of university tuition in the world". The only thing that's changed, in fact, is that Sam Gyimah is now Universities minister.
Many people are in so much debt from their time at university, they barely bat an eyelid when it comes to getting into more. Another £1,000 overdraft? Why not, I'll take two.
But where exactly does your money end up? Universities in the UK are being accused by some of operating like an illegal cartel because they have almost all been charging the maximum £9,000 a year in undergraduate tuition fees since the cap was raised in 2012. As a result, the government is facing pressure to investigate the fat cat salaries awarded to university vice-chancellors, largely paid for by increased student fees. Despite the 1.1 percent cap on pay for non-managerial staff across the higher education sector, some vice-chancellors are earning up to half a million pounds a year, living for free in luxury houses and on top of that receiving masses back in expenses.
But is this just a drop in the ocean when it comes to the overall turnover of the organisation? Or are they really worth the money?
Sally Hunt, the General Secretary of the University and College Union (UCU), says there's no question that student fees are paying for vice-chancellors high pay. She thinks the current system "stinks", and that such glaring disparity in wages won't be tolerated for long. "It seems to me that where you have salaries in the region of, £300,000 to £500,000, and other staff who have less than inflation pay rises and further cuts to their pensions, then it is not sustainable for those at the top of the tree to keep giving themselves this kind of money," she says. "It's not right, it's not right at all."
So why are these people being paid so much? And how the hell did it come about? Jo Johnson, universities minister, says that vice-chancellors have been operating as a cartel to raise tuition fees. "Institutions are looking around at what other vice-chancellors are being paid and as a result we are seeing a relentless upward ratchet, which isn't correlated with performance," he says. "I want it to be linked clearly to the quality and teaching of those institutions rather than an insiders club operation where the ratchet effect takes place year after year. That's got to stop."
Even though most unis are now set to introduce basic fees of £9,250 per year, sometimes for just nine hours teaching a week with not great job prospects at the end of it, Johnson doesn't think student fees have got out of hand. "Access to higher education is now wider than ever before and if you're from a disadvantaged background you're now more than 43 percent more likely to go to uni than you were in 2009." he says.
He maintains that higher education is still one of the best investments anyone can make in their future. "Your lifetime earnings as a woman are going to be £250,000 higher than those with the same A-levels who doesn't go on to university, for a man it's £170,000 higher. There is a demand for people with university levels of education," he points out.
University library, via Flickr.
Others, such as Andrew Adonis, the architect of the last Labour government's education reforms, have said that tuition fees in England should be scrapped. They believe they have become completely unreasonable, loading £50,000 or more in debt, onto the backs of graduates. Hunt agrees, but thinks that putting the cost of university on students and families was a mistake from the start. "When we talk about Frankenstein's monster happening now I think that was going to happen from the very day that New Labour brought this system into place," she says. "Is it out of control now? Completely."
As a result, she says Corbyn's pledge to abolish tuition fees "is one of the most exciting developments in terms of Labour party policy that we've seen in years" and they are doing it knowing that they are confronting years worth of entrenched ideas.
So, other than reducing or scrapping fees altogether, what else can be done to curb fat cat salaries? Sir Anthony Seldon, vice-chancellor of the University of Buckingham, which came at the top in the first-ever Teaching Excellence Framework (TEF) rankings, has taken a pay cut and thinks other should follow suit. He told us that universities shouldn't be worried about people choosing higher salaries in other countries because if they do,"then they're not the kind of people that should be doing the job in the first place". He thinks being the vice-chancellor of a university is a privilege and, although they job may vary depending on the size and challenges of the institution, people need to exercise some restraint.
Anger is growing, and Hunt thinks students are inevitably starting to question where their fees are ending up. "Why would you not want to know how someone's pay is determined if you know you are in part responsible for paying it?" she says. Johnson is hopeful, however, that by assessing factors such as contact hours and class sizes, students will have a clear idea of the kind of experience they will be getting in exchange for their fees.
Ultimately, if this was their generation, would they have gone ahead with it? 25 years ago, would Johnson have studied Events Management at Leeds Beckett for £9250 a year, (the current fees for that course)? He says he's being thinking very hard about it. "I would look very carefully at how the institution was performing compared to its peers and the outcome it's delivering," he says. "I'd make the assessment whether that's value for money."
@tessreidy
It's now being set in granite that the silver-tongued Mitch Daniels delivered the bestest response there ever was to the president's State of The Union speech last night, so I think it's worth pointing out one of my favorite lines in the speech:
One in five men of prime working age, and nearly half of all persons under 30, did not go to work today.
That may very likely be the case because, according to our calculations here of 2010 Census data, more half of the persons under 30 are also under 18. (To be precise, 58.9% of them are not yet officially adults.) So unless Governor Mitch is signing onto the N. Leroy Gingrich Custodial New Deal, his point is almost completely worthless as a metric, and he's pretty much as much of a dunce as the rest of them, whom he can join this summer at their pre-convention retreat in the new Bachmann-Cain Resort on the banks of...
...the great lake of Fail.
New Hampshire Republicans are advancing a measure to tighten residency requirements to vote in the state, a move critics say unfairly targets college students and other people who may live in the state for a long time, but don't intend to remain there permanently.
The measure is significant because there has been continued interest in residency requirements to vote after President Donald Trump claimed repeatedly he would have won the state in the 2016 presidential elections had thousands of people not been bused in illegally, a claim for which he has offered no evidence.
New Hampshire law defines residents and eligible voters differently. To vote, a person only needs to be “domiciled” in the state, meaning they live there and intend to remain there for an indefinite amount of time. To be a resident, someone needs to intend to remain in the state permanently. Once someone becomes a resident, they have to get a New Hampshire driver's license and register their car in the state.
On Tuesday, New Hampshire Republicans in the state Senate advanced a measure out of committee that would do away with that difference and only allow residents to vote. Critics say the measure imposes unnecessary additional barriers to voting because anyone who chooses to register would be forced to pay fees to get a driver's license and register their vehicle, consistent with the residency requirements.
“When a college student registers to vote, they shouldn't be threatened with possible legal penalties for how their car is registered. Voter registration should be a simple, straightforward process for all eligible Granite Staters,” Jason Kander, the former Democratic Missouri Secretary of State and president of Let America Vote, said in a statement. “This is classic voter suppression, and it's clearly a Republican priority to stop college students in New Hampshire from being able to vote in the state where they spend the most time.”
Gilles Bissonnette, legal director of the ACLU of New Hampshire, said the lawmakers wanted to impose what constituted a “post-election poll tax.”
Sen. James Gray (R), one of the senators who introduced the measure, told the Concord Monitor the vehicle registration and driver's requirements were just consequences of residency.
“If you're a resident, if this is the place you choose to live abandoning all others, I want you to vote in New Hampshire. But if that place you choose to interact with is in Massachusetts, in Vermont, in Maine, in Kalamazoo, New Mexico, then I want you vote there,” he told the paper.
The GOP bill will be taken up by the full state Senate in January.
New Hampshire Gov. Chris Sununu (R) signed a law earlier this year requiring people who recently moved to the state to show proof they intended to stay there when they registered. Democrats sued the state over the law and a state judge ruled in September officials could not punish people for failing to provide that proof.
In 1974, the New Hampshire Supreme Court ruled that students could not be blocked from voting just because they intended to leave the state at some point in the future.
The debate over who can vote in New Hampshire has even more urgency because of the razor-thin margins that decided the 2016 elections for president and U.S. Senate in the state. Hillary Clinton defeated Trump by 2,732 votes and Sen. Maggie Hassan (D) defeated Republican incumbent Kelly Ayotte by just over 1,000 votes. Trump said repeatedly people from out of state were bused in on Election Day and determined those results.
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach (R), who is the vice chair of a commission Trump convened to investigate voter fraud, also stoked fears about non-residents voting. In September, he authored a column in Breitbart saying he had “proof” the 2016 election was swung by out-of-state voters, citing thousands of people who had registered with an out-of-state driver's license and subsequently didn't get an in-state one. He failed to mention, however, that state law didn't require people who voted to obtain a driver's license.
Ray Buckley, the chairman of the New Hampshire Democratic Party, said Republicans were trying to stir up concerns over voter fraud in an effort to justify more restrictive voting.
Construction is underway at the new Apple Store in downtown Chicago, and today, as reported by DNA Chicago, a new design element was added: a giant Apple logo. A construction crew laid out the logo on the store's silver, rectangular roof, making it look like a giant MacBook. It stayed for less than an hour before crews rolled up the logo and removed it.
Designed by London-based Foster+Partners, the store is a relocation of Apple's original Chicago flagship and is a 20,000-square-foot space which, upon completion, will have all-glass walls and a thin, carbon fiber roof... that looks like a MacBook.
The first renderings were originally unveiled in 2015, and touted the project's “echo” to Prairie Style homes. As the Chicago Tribune details, the all-glass walls range between 14 to 32 feet in height, and are made out of four layers of half-inch thick glass joined with layers of stronger, thicker laminated glass.
The store will have all-glass walls and a thin, carbon fiber roof... that looks like a MacBook
Though the Apple logo on top wasn't in original plans, outlets like the Chicago Tribune and NBC Chicago made mention of the logo's inclusion on the store's roof as early as March 28th. “The roof is made from a lightweight material used in yacht hulls to keep it thin,” writes the Chicago Tribune, “four feet thick at its widest point and four inches at its narrowest, with an Apple logo on top.” Between these clues, the original renderings, and all the overhead photos people have taken along the way, it's astounding the MacBook roof stayed a mystery until now.
When it is finished, the store will include many of the new elements that were introduced at a San Francisco store last year, including an outdoor plaza and a video wall with gathering space called “The Forum.” Apple has not indicated when the new Chicago store will open, but you can watch the construction crew fuss with its oversized logo above.
Enlarge Image NASA/JPL/Caltech/R. Hurt (SSC)
Good news for fans of "Babylon 5." Astronomers have revealed some exciting details about the sci-fi series' real-life setting, the Epsilon Eridani star system.
It turns out the relatively nearby star system, setting of the oft-forgotten and overly complex '90s space opera, is remarkably similar to our own. It might even be a good place for a huge space station in, say, the 23rd century.
The structure of the system, better known as eps Eri, includes planets and recognizable belts of debris like our solar system's asteroid and Kuiper belts, according to astronomers. The star is also similar to our sun but only one-fifth as old, which leads scientists to believe it could be useful for learning about the development of our own system.
"This star hosts a planetary system currently undergoing the same cataclysmic processes that happened to the solar system in its youth, at the time in which the moon gained most of its craters, Earth acquired the water in its oceans, and the conditions favorable for life on our planet were set," Iowa State University astronomy professor Massimo Marengo wrote in a summary of the project, which was published in a recent issue of The Astronomical Journal.
The astronomers used NASA's Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA) aircraft, a 747 with a telescope on board, to observe eps Eri in infrared. From that data, they were able to draw conclusions about the familiar architecture of the system.
Scientists suspect a large gas giant planet similar to Jupiter or Saturn called Epsilon Eridani b is hanging out on the outer edge of one of the asteroid belts. There could also be planets that have yet to be confirmed that bare a striking resemblance to those in our neighborhood.
Marengo said the next step will be to check out the system with a next-generation telescope like the James Webb Space Telescope, set to launch next year.
"There is a gap most likely created by planets," he explained in a release. "We haven't detected them yet, but I would be surprised if they are not there."
Maybe, just maybe, there's a 5-mile-long space station floating around one of those gaps, as well.
Crowd Control: A crowdsourced science fiction novel written by CNET readers.
CNET en Español: Get all your tech news and reviews in Spanish.
Since last week when Russia began bombing targets inside Syria, Western media has been overflowing with articles about the crimes of Russian imperialism in Syria. But the idea put forward that “moderate” rebels are being bombed by ruthless Russians raises more questions than it answers.
Over the past week the anti-Russian mood in western media has reached fever pitch as major outlets have displayed their outrage at the atrocities carried out by Russian armed forces in Syria. The crocodile tears shed for civilian deaths could fill swimming pools of olympic proportions. In a bloody civil war which has cost more than 300,000 lives it seems only Russia has killed civilians. Would these ladies and gentlemen really have us believe that the thousands of US airstrikes over IS-held territory over the past year, have not killed any civilians, whereas the few dozen Russian strikes have led to disproportionate havoc?
Civilian deaths
The New York Times has been particularly outspoken against the Russian attacks. In an article on 30th September, the paper denounced Russian aerial attacks quoting an “activist” from northern Homs: “If these raids continue this way, Russia will kill a larger number of civilians that Bashar did in four years.”
However, only two days later, when the US Air Force carried out a 30 minute bombardment of a hospital run by Doctors Without Borders in Afghanistan, the same paper downplayed the horrific event saying that: “The civilian deaths in the Saturday airstrike, and the discrepancies in the accounts of what led to the bombing, were painful reminders of scores of earlier mistakes...” (our emphasis)
Furthermore the paper proudly mentioned that civilian deaths in Afghanistan are now 1% US-caused casualties. To the dismay of this respectable paper though, these civilian deaths have a “magnified significance in the eyes of many Afghans” merely “because it is the fault of a foreign power”. Apparently the Afghans cannot appreciate that the decade and a half-long ravaging of their country by the US is now causing fewer civilian deaths. One may ask whether that is because more civilians are now actively participating in the resistance or whether the US is merely letting other forces do the killing and murdering now as opposed to earlier? The hypocrisy is nauseating.
Only a week earlier Saudi airstrikes killed 130 people who attended a wedding near the town of Taiz in Yemen. Of course US officials were quick to point out that they did not pull the trigger, but they could not dodge the fact that they have been giving “targeting assistance” to Saudi forces in Yemen. Meanwhile the US, as well its Western and Middle Eastern allies, are all actively involved in the brutal siege of the country which has left millions of people starving. None of this is being covered by Western media.
In Syria itself, only a few months ago, when the US-supported “moderate” rebels had participated in taking the north-western Idlib governorate, their ally, Jabhat Al-Nusra, went on a forced conversion spree which ended in the massacre of dozens of Druze villagers who resisted. Needless to say that was not frontpage news on the New York Times either.
Of course neither Putin nor Assad care about civilian deaths. They are protecting their own interests in Syria, but civilians were dying by the tens of thousands long before Russia decided to intervene - many of those in the hands of Islamist forces built up and supported by the US and their allies.
Who is fighting who?
Another complaint of the Americans has been that Russia is not attacking IS. Again, the New York Times writes:
“But American officials said the attack was not directed at the Islamic State but at other opposition groups fighting against the government of the Syrian president, Bashar al-Assad, whom Mr. Putin has vowed to support. American officials said Russian warplanes and helicopter gunships had dropped bombs north of the central city of Homs, where there are few, if any, militants of the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.”
Further, and as the only proof of its conclusions, the paper quoted a rebel commander:
“‘We are on the front lines with Bashar al-Assad's army,' said Mr. Saleh, whose group has recently posted videos of its fighters using sophisticated American-made TOW missiles to destroy government tanks. ‘We are moderate Syrian rebels and have no affiliation with ISIS. ISIS is at least 100 kilometers away from where we are.'” - Syrian Rebels Say Russia Is Targeting Them Rather Than ISIS
But the question must be asked: if these are officially US-supported troops, why are they 100 kilometers from the nearest IS position? In fact all of the US supported troops which were allegedly bombed, were 100 kilometers or more from IS positions fronts. Most of these are part of Jaish al-Fateh, a coalition completely dominated by Jabhat al-Nusra and Ahrar al-Sham, two Al-Qaeda related groups - one of which is on the US terror list. These were the same groups who carried out the above-mentioned atrocities in the Druze areas of the Northern Idlib province.
According to US officials, the CIA has trained and equipped 3-5,000 troops embedded in this and similar alliances. This is far more than the 10 remaining US proxy troops who were trained in the “Train and Equip” programme to fight against IS. And what is most significant is that these troops are not fighting IS at all. In a map that the New York Times itself published on 2nd October, it is clear that the rebel-held areas have almost no connection fronts with the IS-controlled areas. They are only fighting the Assad regime and increasingly pushing towards its coastal heartland. Considering that Russia is trying to defend its allies and its interests in Syria from falling into the hands of Islamists, is it then so strange for them to clear the most immediate dangers first?
Moderate compared to what?
When it comes to Syria, Western media have used the term “moderate” as if it meant “democratic”. But then you wonder why they wouldn't just use “democratic”. Because there are no democratic forces amongst those they refer to as moderates. One should only ask the question, moderate in relation to what? That is of course never answered because it exposes the fact that most of the groups supported by the US are themselves Islamist reactionaries of different types. They are only moderate in the sense that they are not zealous enough to refuse funds and arms from US imperialism in return for their “services”; that they can be “trusted” - or at least the US thinks they can - not to endanger US interests in the Middle East and that they do not publicly state any Islamist position. In fact they never publicly support any political position. The main role, however, that these “moderate” rebels play is to act as a bridge head to channel money and arms into the not-so-moderate rebels with whom they are allied.
In the northern Aleppo and Idlib provinces this symbiosis is clear. Here, the US-supported troops who are equipped by the anti tank rockets and supported financially as well as with intelligence are junior partners in the Jaish al-Fatah coalition which is completely dominated by Jabhat al-Nusra - the Syrian branch of Al Qaeda - and Ahrar al-Sham - which has been a sympathising Al Qaeda group.
The groups which are today officially supported by the US have no ideological differences. In fact 2013 Jabhat al-Nusra had a failed attempt at merging with the precursor to the Islamic State (which was then the Iraqi section of Al Qaeda). It has also been in a very close relationship with Ahrar al-Sham throughout the civil war. The two groups cooperate on a series of fronts and have come together several times to insert Sharia courts and uphold Sharia rule in the areas which they control jointly. There is absolutely no ideological difference between these groups and IS. The main issues which divide them are petty tactical and personal differences. Nevertheless, Western media somehow portray them as more moderate and “civilised” than IS.
The US-supported troops in this coalition are completely under the domination of these reactionary groups and, in fact, they are only allowed to exist by the Islamists because they supply their armies with intelligence and modern anti-tank weapons. So what are US-supported troops doing being embedded in a coalition controlled by these groups? A coalition which is only focussing on attacking Alawite areas of coastal Syria? And why is the Assad regime, or its allies, not supposed to defend themselves against them?
Of course the reality of US involvement in Syria is far more dirty than this. A glimpse into the relationship between western intelligence agencies and Al Qaeda organisations also exposed after a trial in June, in Britain. Here the case against a Swedish man accused of being a member of a terrorist organisation in Syria was dropped after “it became clear British intelligence had been arming the same rebel groups the defendant was charged with supporting.”
The Guardian reported that the case would have embarrassed because ”there was plenty of evidence the British state was itself providing “extensive support” to the armed Syrian opposition.” The paper went on to say: “That didn't only include the “non-lethal assistance” boasted of by the government (including body armour and military vehicles), but training, logistical support and the secret supply of ‘arms on a massive scale'.” - Now the truth emerges: how the US fuelled the rise of Isis in Syria and Iraq
Furthermore recently declassified documents from US intelligence agencies, written in August 2012, “predicts – and effectively welcomes – the prospect of a ‘Salafist principality' in eastern Syria and an al-Qaida-controlled Islamic state in Syria and Iraq.” The report goes on to state that, “this is exactly what the supporting [western and middle eastern] powers to the opposition want, in order to isolate the Syrian regime, which is considered the strategic depth of the Shia expansion (Iraq and Iran).” - Now the truth emerges: how the US fuelled the rise of Isis in Syria and Iraq
Of course these facts are rarely used in the respectable western mass media and if they are, they are quickly swept to a side and quietly forgotten.
What are the Russians doing?
The hypocrisy of US imperialism and its journalist lackeys is nauseating to put it mildly. While they are quick to point the finger at big bad Russia, they provide cover for the most barbaric groups which have been fostered and nurtured by US imperialism and its allies.
Under the cover of the Syrian revolution, the US and its allies built up a sectarian divide which they used to crush the revolution from the inside and then to try to overthrow the Assad regime. Assad had no problems in allowing the revolution to become a sectarian Islamist movement, because it meant the strengthening of his base as many Syrians would rally behind him as the only defence against the barbarism of the Islamists. This proved to be correct in the parliamentary elections last year where there was mass participation. This does not mean that Assad became a popular hero, but that his regime was seen as the only one which could defend many from the Islamists. This has strengthened Assad massively.
Recently, however, the regime has been in serious trouble because in spite of huge technical advantages on the battlefield it has lost significant ground to the Islamists. This is credited to the incompetent, corrupt and totalitarian nature of the regime and its cadres in the state and military apparatus. The dissatisfaction with the military campaign has led to increasing defections which in turn has made Assad resort to more and more brutal ways of finding draft dodgers and deserters. This accelerated the decomposition of the army and the military campaign and was the main reason for Russia stepping up its operations in Syria.
Of course Putin is not a philanthropist - he has no sentimental relationship with Syria. He will kill and massacre as much as any other world leader if it serves his interests. He is moving in to defend his last remaining foothold in the Middle East from US encroachment. At the same time he sees an Islamist Syria, whether controlled by IS or any other Al Qaeda offshoot, as a threat which could destabilise parts of Russia itself.
But there are other reasons too. Putin wants to use Syria to rebuild its status as a world power. By moving in to do the dirty work of the West, he will also have been at the centre of the negotiation table once a settlement is to be agreed on. At the same time Russia is moving military equipment into Syria which has a reach far beyond Syria's borders and into the Middle East. This allows for Russia to project its power on a far bigger scale than it is used to throughout the region.
At the end of the day, the ones who lose out are the Syrian people. An Associated Press report illustrated this. It talked about the US Secretary of State, John Kerry, sparring with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, speaking at the UN, over who should participate in the negotiations about the future of Syria. The Russians were suggesting to involve a larger group including European nations, while John Kerry was proposing the US, Russians, Iran, Saudi Arabia and Turkey. According to the news agency, “John Kerry preferred to keep the focus on countries that are directly involved.” Ironically, from all the constellations mentioned, no one thought of proposing one involving any Syrians.
A lecturer at Cal State Fullerton is sitting at home today rather than teaching his class after he reportedly assaulted a student member of the school's College Republicans. The lecturer, Eric Canin, allegedly struck a student participating in a counter-protest as he conducted a "no ban, no wall" demonstration earlier this month.
Canin has been suspended from the school and further action against him is possible:
A Cal State Fullerton lecturer has been suspended for striking a student during a Feb. 8 counter-protest on campus. “I am suspended and may not talk to students or employees of the university,” said Eric Canin, the lecturer accused of striking a student, in a text message. A CSUF internal investigation concluded that “a campus employee struck a student and that as a consequence, the speech of the student group was stopped,” said CSUF Chief Communications Officer Jeffrey Cook in an email. The altercation occurred between Canin and members of the CSUF College Republicans club during its counter-protest in response to the No-Ban-No-Wall protest on campus. After the altercation, Canin said he “did not touch anyone” and said in a text message that he was “confident any video would exonerate” him.
Unfortunately for Canin, the video did no such thing. Campus law enforcement has forwarded evidence to the district attorney, meaning Canin may be facing charges for the assault.
Of course, if the school found that Canin did hit a student, why is he only suspended?
It's possible that the suspension is only in place to get him away from students while the university starts termination proceedings. Without knowing the intentions of the school's administration, it's difficult to speculate.
What is clear is that there was ample evidence that Canin hit a student he disagreed with on a political matter, was removed from the classroom and barred from even speaking with coworkers or students, and the evidence was forwarded to law enforcement for potential charges.
Two weeks ago, I wrote about the Flyers' 2015-16 playoff chances, coming to the conclusion that many around the league did -- that there were five teams in the Metropolitan Division better than Philadelphia, and that because of that, the Flyers would miss the playoffs.
In an old world where you just needed to be one of the eight-best teams in the East, maybe the '15-16 Flyers could string some luck together and sneak into the postseason. But in the new world, where you need to be one of the top five teams in your division -- and even that isn't good enough to guarantee a playoff spot -- I just don't see it happening. Washington, Pittsburgh and both New York teams were all playoff teams a year ago and they've all gotten better this summer. The Columbus Blue Jackets probably would have been a playoff team a year ago if not for an absurd number of man games lost to injury, and they've gotten better this offseason.
None of those opinions were really groundbreaking two weeks ago. And yet, here we are.
Yes, it's been two weeks. But the Flyers are right there, and they safely look better than at least three, if not four, teams in the division. The New Yorks and Washington are about where you'd expect them to be, while Penguins fans are imploding over a 3-3-0 start and the Blue Jackets are a laughing stock at 0-7-0. That brings us to today's news:
OFFICIAL: John Tortorella replaces Todd Richards as #CBJ head coach. Full story --> https://t.co/Cey8mKrE39 pic.twitter.com/eIdZiKYdwx — NHL Blue Jackets (@BlueJacketsNHL) October 21, 2015
hahahahahaha yes
So what's this all mean for the Flyers now?
Assessing the division after CBJ's bad start
1. The Flyers need to have a chance at the top five of the division if they want to make the playoffs. That's just math, considering the top three in the division make the playoffs and there are two other wild card spots. If the preseason assumption was that NYI, NYR, WAS, PIT and CBJ were the clear top five, that's on its head now.
2. Columbus has the worst PDO in hockey -- a measure of puck luck -- and it's safe to assume it will turn around under any coach, at least somewhat. But they're already so far behind the 8-ball, and there is literally no way to know what changes might come with Tortorella behind their bench. Remember his Vancouver misadventure? It had all the makings of a coach with old ideas -- insert jokes about blocking shots here -- in an evolving game. Has he learned, or is he still stuck in his old ways as a coach? It's not hard to see how things fail even harder in Columbus under Torts.
3. We're still not really sure what to make of Pittsburgh. Their defense is pretty bad, and while they obviously have a ton of scoring talent, they aren't very deep and they aren't very good on special teams. It's not unfair to say that coach Mike Johnston is on the hot seat out there. They are a question mark -- and remember, they almost missed the playoffs last year.
4. The Flyers themselves have looked a lot better than expected in the early going of the season. Yes, it's only been five games, but on the whole, the Flyers look sharper in the neutral zone, borderline elite on special teams (even if they aren't converting on the power play), and not a complete tire fire in the defensive end. I don't think it's a stretch, even at this early stage, to call them a better team than they were a year ago.
5. It's probably a safe bet to assume that the Rangers, Islanders and Capitals will finish in the top three of the Metropolitan Division, assuming health and whatnot. That was the smart assumption before the season started, and it's the same today.
6. But the fourth and fifth spots in the division feel wide open right now. Pittsburgh is probably a more talented team than the Flyers, but those fans are restless out there and who knows what's going to happen if they lose a few more games here in October. CBJ is a disaster with hopes of a turnaround that are nothing more than just that right now -- hopes.
This is all to say that you shouldn't count the Flyers out of the wild card playoff race this year. Many of us viewed this season as a building block year with a new coach and a lot of dead weight remaining on the roster -- and in many ways it is still that.
But if the first few weeks of the season are any indication, the chances of a playoff run seem higher than they did just a few weeks ago. And that possibility alone makes this season a whole lot more fun.
Official SAT tests released by the College Board are the absolute gold standard for SAT practice questions. Each official practice test contains real questions given to actual students at previous administrations of the SAT.
In this article, I'll show you where to find all official SAT practice tests online. This comprehensive guide gives you access to more practice tests than any other guide out there. Most of these tests are free and great practice to get started with your SAT prep. We'll also discuss how to use these practice tests to help you get the most improvement possible out of them.
A Quick Intro to SAT Practice Tests
I've divided the sources of SAT practice tests into a few categories based on what version of the SAT the tests follow. There are three basic versions:
SAT (2016 to present, out of 1600)
Old SAT (pre-2016, out of 2400)
Very old SAT (pre-2005, out of 1600)
All free tests are released publicly by the College Board and made available for download without copyright concerns.
Tests based on the current SAT are by far the best to use for SAT practice since they're exactly like the SAT. While you can still use old SAT practice tests, it's important to be aware of out-of-date question types, scoring systems, and sections.
All Free SAT Practice Tests (2016 and Later, Out of 1600)
These are the ONLY eight official practice tests for the redesigned SAT, provided by the College Board itself. These will be the absolute best tests to use when studying for the SAT.
Practice Test 1: Questions | Answers | Answer Explanations | Essay
Practice Test 2: Questions | Answers | Answer Explanations | Essay
Practice Test 3: Questions | Answers | Answer Explanations | Essay
Practice Test 4: Questions | Answers | Answer Explanations | Essay
Practice Test 5: Questions | Answers | Answer Explanations | Essay
Practice Test 6: Questions | Answers | Answer Explanations | Essay
Practice Test 7: Questions | Answers | Answer Explanations | Essay
Practice Test 8: Questions | Answers | Answer Explanations | Essay
Want to improve your SAT score by 160 points? We've written a guide about the top 5 strategies you must be using to have a shot at improving your score. Download it for free now:
Free SAT Practice Tests, Old Format (Pre-2016, Out of 2400)
These tests follow the old 2400-point format of the SAT, with separate Reading, Math, and Writing sections. This test had its last administration in January 2016.
Even for the current SAT, these tests are useful for your studying. However, be sure to note the major changes between the old and current SAT. Here's how you should be using these older practice tests:
Know that the structure and timing are different. The SAT now has only four sections and doesn't skip around subjects like the old SAT did.
Reading on the SAT is very similar to how it was on the old SAT. In these old SAT practice tests, Reading passages and questions are all useful to practice with.
Writing on the SAT tests similar grammar skills—but they're tested in a different passage-based format. You can use these old SAT tests to practice key SAT grammar rules, but know that you won't be seeing any questions based on isolated sentences anymore.
Math on the SAT is similar in format, but it now emphasizes algebra and de-emphasizes geometry. Go ahead and use these old tests for math practice, but be sure to focus more on the skills that the current SAT tests.
Official SAT Practice Test 2013-14: Questions | Answers
Official SAT Practice Test 2012-13: Questions | Answers
Official SAT Practice Test 2007-08: Questions | Answers
Official SAT Practice Test 2004-05: Questions | Answers
All of the other years are repeats of these tests, including 2011-12, 2010-11, 2009-10, 2008-09, 2006-07, and 2005-06. You might find these on other forums or websites. Don't waste time taking these tests, as they're the same tests as the four above.
Free SAT Practice Tests, Very Old Format (Pre-2005, Out of 1600)
Before the redesigned SAT in 2016, the last time the SAT changed was in 2005. This was back when I took it and earned a perfect SAT score.
The following links are a hidden gold mine of old tests that few students know about, so by taking these tests, you'll have that much more of an edge over current students.
However, there are important caveats to know before taking these tests:
Skip the analogy questions on Reading sections. These are the questions that look like "CAR : ENGINE ::." You won't see this question type on the SAT now, so don't spend any time on it. That said, the passage questions are all still very useful.
Skip the comparison questions on Math sections. These are the ones that show two boxes and ask you to choose whether A or B is greater. Since this question type isn't on the SAT anymore, there's no use practicing it.
There are no Writing sections on these tests. As a result, you won't get the grammar and English practice you need to do well on the SAT's Writing and Language section.
Be grateful you didn't need to do some of these old-format questions—analogies were the main reason that the SAT got a bad rap for forcing students to memorize vocab!
Official SAT Test 2004-05: Questions | Answers
Official SAT Test 2003-04: Questions | Answers
Official SAT Test 2002: Questions + Answers
Official SAT Test 2001: Questions + Answers
Disappointed with your SAT scores? Want to improve your SAT score by 160 points? We've written a guide about the top 5 strategies you must be using to have a shot at improving your score. Download it for free now:
3 Additional Resources for Official SAT Practice
We've given you all official SAT practice tests above, but is there anything else you can use for quality SAT practice? Each of the following resources contains more official, quality SAT practice.
On top of full-length practice tests, the College Board website offers a decent number of sample SAT questions for the Reading, Writing, Math, and Essay sections. While some of these questions appear on official practice tests, not all do. Thus, I highly recommend using this resource for extra SAT practice.
In total, you'll get the following number of questions for each section:
Reading: 24 questions (with two reading passages)
24 questions (with two reading passages) Writing: 22 questions (with two reading passages)
22 questions (with two reading passages) Math: 30 calculator-permitted questions, 18 no-calculator questions
30 calculator-permitted questions, 18 no-calculator questions Essay: Two prompts (with 16 sample essays)
Price: Free!
The College Board has partnered with Khan Academy to offer free and official online SAT prep to test takers.
Although the website doesn't offer a comprehensive prep program or any new practice tests (all of the tests here are those on the College Board website), it does offer a lot of extra, high-quality SAT practice questions not available elsewhere.
Khan Academy's best feature is its tutorial videos, which teach you step by step how to solve and approach specific SAT question types, from Math questions dealing with linear functions to Writing questions focused on parallel structure.
Price: Varies depending on quality ($1-$20)
This official SAT prep book contains 10 old-format SAT practice tests not available online, and is helpful if you're looking for a massive source of practice material.
That being said, remember that the format used here differs considerably from the current version of the SAT. Therefore, I recommend using these practice questions in isolation instead of taking the tests in full. As you go through the book, pinpoint the questions most like those on the current SAT, and then drill them for extra practice.
How to Use Official SAT Tests Effectively: 5 Key Tips
There's an art to using official SAT tests effectively and getting the biggest improvement from your time investment. Here are five critical strategies to keep in mind when taking the tests:
#1: Use Strict Timing on Each Section
Most students have issues with time pressure on the SAT. Adding just two minutes to a section's time limit can change your score by as many as hundreds of points. So don't deceive yourself about your abilities; the point of practice tests is to identify your weaknesses.
Here are the official time limits for each section as well as how much time you should (approximately) spend per question:
SAT Section Time # of Questions Time per Question Reading 65 minutes 52 75 seconds Writing and Language 35 minutes 44 48 seconds Math No Calculator 25 minutes 20 75 seconds Math Calculator 55 minutes 38 87 seconds
#2: Take the Test in One Sitting
The SAT is a marathon, lasting four hours on a Saturday morning. I've heard from hundreds of students how difficult it is to stay focused and avoid careless mistakes at the end of the test. Just like training for a marathon, you have to make sure you have enough endurance for the SAT—which is why it's so important to take each SAT practice test in one sitting.
If there's no possible way for you to take a practice test in one go, it's OK to split it up over a few days. Ideally, you'll split up the test in such a way that you're not stopping and starting midway through any sections.
In the end, it's better to do some practice than none at all. Just make sure to time yourself on each section.
#3: Review Your Answers
The point of taking practice tests isn't to just do a lot of questions—it's also to learn from your mistakes.
For every test, spend time reviewing the mistakes you made as well as every question you got right. If you don't know why you missed a question, don't just gloss over it! Doing this keeps you from being able to identify and attack your weaknesses. As a result, you'll end up making the same mistakes over and over again, ultimately hampering your score.
In short, prize study quality over quantity. I'd rather you take three practice tests with detailed review than six practice tests with no review.
#4: Take at Least 4 Practice Tests Before Test Day
I've found from experience with thousands of students that this number of tests gets you really comfortable with the SAT in all respects—timing, endurance, stress, etc. You can definitely take more tests if you want, but make sure to balance this with focused prep on your weaknesses so that you can ultimately make faster progress.
#5: No Score Improvement? Find Extra Prep Support
Some students can learn perfectly by themselves with practice tests—they'll see a mistake they made and instantly realize why they made that mistake and avoid it in the future. Most students, however, need additional help to pinpoint their weaknesses and teach them the key skills and strategies for doing well on the SAT.
Good options for extra support include tutors, prep programs, and classes. To do well on the SAT, you'll need to determine what kind of support works best for your particular learning style (as well as your budget). Our free guide can help you figure out what kind of support is right for you.
What's Next?
Want to get a super high SAT score? I scored a perfect SAT score, and I teach you what it takes to get a perfect score yourself.
Here are the best study guides for SAT Reading, SAT Writing, and SAT Math, available anywhere. I guarantee you that these guides will improve your score!
Hello EEA Members and Followers,
I am pleased to welcome you to the first edition of the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance's monthly newsletter. As our membership and community grow, it is important that we find ways to keep everyone connected with all that is happening at EEA. The newsletter is one way EEA will reach out to both members and non-members to update our community on our progress towards fulfilling our vision of bringing together Fortune 500 enterprises, startups, academics, and technology vendors with Ethereum subject-matter experts to define enterprise-grade software capable of handling the most complex, highly-demanding applications.
The newsletter will help our EEA members learn more about EEA and how to participate in our Working Groups and Committees. Members can find information on each of our Working Groups , including Advertising, Banking, Healthcare, Insurance, Legal Industry, Supply Chain, and Token, on the Confluence website . Members can also find information on our Committees , including our Legal and Regulation, Membership, Thought Leadership, and Technical Steering Committees, as well as our newly approved Marketing Committee.
If you are not yet an EEA member, I encourage you to view our Join page on the EEA website and contact our membership team for additional information.
And finally, to both our members and those who are not yet members, I invite you to explore the content below. You'll find a recap of our All Members Meeting, more information on our working groups, updates on our newest members, and ways to connect with EEA over social media. I hope that you will look forward to our newsletter each month and that it will inspire you to make the most of your opportunities at EEA!
MOSCOW — President Vladimir V. Putin said Monday that he would scrap Russia's South Stream gas pipeline, a grandiose project that was once intended to establish the country's dominance in southeastern Europe but instead fell victim to Russia's increasingly toxic relationship with the West.
It was a rare diplomatic defeat for Mr. Putin, who said Russia would redirect the pipeline to Turkey. He painted the failure to build the pipeline as a loss for Europe and blamed Brussels for its intransigence.
The decision also seemed to be a rare victory for the European Union and the Obama administration, which have appeared largely impotent this year as Mr. Putin annexed Crimea and stirred rebellion in eastern Ukraine.
Russia had long presented the $22 billion South Stream project as a sound business move. But Washington and Brussels had dismissed it as a thinly veiled attempt by the Kremlin to cement its position as the dominant supplier in Europe while sidestepping Ukraine, where price disputes with Moscow twice interrupted supplies in recent years.
Popular social news website Reddit has stopped the spread of a cross-site scripting (XSS) worm that hit the site on Monday.
The XSS worm spread via comments on the site, originally from the account of a user called xssfinder.
Reddit failed to filter out JavaScript in some cases, specifically when a user hovered his or her mouse over a link, a factor the miscreants behind xssfinder's account exploited to run a proof of concept attack.
In an apparent test attack, xssfinder posted a comment linked to malicious scripts on a thread called "Guy on a bike in New York 'high fives' people hailing cabs".
Users reading the comment ended up sending massive amounts of spam comments onto other Reddit threads.
Reddit administrators moved in promptly to close the vulnerability and restore order before things got out of hand. Throughout the confusion the site was never down.
xssfinder's account was deleted soon after the attack began, reports Finnish web security firm F-Secure.
F-Secure's full write-up of the attack, including screenshots, can be found here. One of the comment threads about the assault on Reddit can be found here. ®
We've probably all had the experience where a store cashier accidentally hands over too much in change, and we kindly point out the error and decline the windfall. We're basically forgoing "free" money, but we feel good about doing the right thing and perhaps saving the cashier from later being personally penalized for the error. But what if it were the faceless and evil-ish U.S. Internal Revenue Service that made the mistake? What would our instincts tell us to do then?
I recently received a letter from the IRS alerting me that it had made changes to my 2011 tax calculation. I've received such notices in past years. They usually affirm that, upon further evaluation, the IRS has concluded that I've underpaid my taxes by a few hundred dollars, and I obediently write a check for the required amount.
Advertisement
In this case, however, the change was in my favor. Significantly. A check just arrived from the U.S. Treasury, for $161,392.00.
Now What?
I'm almost certain the IRS made a mistake. I say "almost" because I don't pay nearly as much attention as I should to my payments, deductions, carry-over losses, etc. It's conceivable that I'm due a refund of this proportion, though an accountant points out that to have had excess FICA withheld of this magnitude, I'd have to have earned more than $3 million that year.
Advertisement
I'm an editor, with an editor's salary. So when I say I'm "almost certain" that I'm not entitled to this refund, by that I mean I'm 100% certain.
Still, friends have offered conflicting advice on what I should do. Some argue that, since I normally pay when the IRS demands more, in this case I should take the windfall. Who knows if those earlier calculations were any more accurate than this one? The IRS giveth; it taketh away. If I'm going to suffer the downside, this argument goes, I should enjoy a rare upside.
Others say that would be unethical. It's surely a mistake, and therefore it would be sleazy to try to keep the money. An amount like that could contribute in its own way to (pick your least objectionable option) safety net programs, defense spending, or paying interest on the U.S. debt. Sure, I could probably contribute to economic growth more directly, by buying a better car (if they actually now make a better car than my 2001 Ford Windstar) and a bigger TV. But again, the money's not really mine to spend.
Advertisement
Then there's a third consideration. Even if I were to try to keep the money, the IRS might eventually figure out its mistake and ask for the money back—plus interest and penalty. A subset of this argument holds that I could tuck the money away in a special escrow account and leave it there untouched. If after, say, three years the IRS doesn't ask for it back, I could conclude that it's safe to spend it.
What Would You Do?
The moral aspect is clear. This would be an ill-gotten gain. But I suspect most of us have a greedier inner self that would at least entertain rationalizations for profiting from an opportunity like this.
Advertisement
As a leader of my organization, however, I feel added pressure not to succumb to such rationalizations. Although this only concerns my personal finances, the fact that I serve as editor-in-chief of Harvard Business Review means I've implicitly accepted not only responsibility for defending the integrity of the institution, but also for having integrity myself. That means erring on the side of doing the right thing, even when the challenges may seem more gray than black or white.
If I were able to convince myself that I'm entitled to the money but were later accused by the IRS of trying to profit on its mistake, my colleagues would rightly question my values and I'd risk bringing embarrassment to both my employer and myself. This begs an interesting question: Do we act more ethically when we become leaders of companies because of the tacit expectations (and heightened risks)?
Life is full of ethical dilemmas. Every situation is unique, but one's values can serve as a constant guide. In the July-August 2010 edition of HBR, Clay Christensen wrote a remarkable article, How Will You Measure Your Life? One message in particular stands out: Don't cross the line and violate your principles, even if it's "just this once." As Christensen put it, "It's easier to hold to your principles 100% of the time than it is to hold to them 98% of the time." Once you make an exception, you're on a slippery slope.
Advertisement
It's a message that CEOs, political leaders, and the rest of us should always have in the back of our minds. And it's the message (damn it!) that means the IRS is getting its $160,000 back.
The IRS Just Sent Me $160,000. Can I Keep It? | Harvard Business Review
Adi Ignatius is the Editor-in-Chief of Harvard Business Review.
Want to see your work on Lifehacker? Email Tessa.
Buy Photo City of Rochester recycling toter bin. (Photo: Staff photographer/Patti Singer)Buy Photo Story Highlights Rochester will be delivering 96-gallon recycling containers to more houses
Big blue recycling containers are emptied every other week
Refuse collection remains every week
Rochester will start delivering 96-gallon recycling containers to more houses, completing distribution by the spring. (Photo: Patti Singer/@Patti Singer Roc)
No more being blue with envy over your city neighbor's 96-gallon recycling bin.
Yours is on the way.
Having declared its mixed-recycling pilot program a success, the city on Wednesday will start delivering the big covered rolling toters to more houses in various neighborhoods. Every two months, more will be delivered to another one-sixth of the city, said Norman Jones, commissioner of the Department of Environmental Services.
He said that by April, every residence is expected to have one and recyclables will be collected every other week. Refuse still is collected every week.
“We have to do this in a way that keeps everything flowing,” Jones said. “It'll be phased in, in a scientific approach.”
Residents will receive information about their recycle schedule, and they also can look it up on the city's website.
“We're making sure people have the information they need to know what day to put their recyclables out,” Jones said.
►Read: Separating green from blue
Jones said the city spent $2.56 million on new vehicles, which was part of its normal vehicle replacement. He said it also spent $1.23 million on containers. He said the city ultimately would save money through alternate-week collections and keeping more items out of landfills. The mixed-recycling program eliminates the need to sort different types of material.
The pilot started in February 2015 in parts of the Browncroft, Marketview Heights, Park Avenue, Charlotte and the 19th Ward neighborhoods. The program involved single- and multifamily homes in affluent and poor neighborhoods.
The pilot showed that “all aspects of our community will recycle if you give them the right information and equipment,” Jones said. “Our best champions for recycling are our young people. We need to make sure we keep the focus on them.”
►Read: Results of the pilot program
Jones said residents who rolled their blue containers out on the wrong week or filled them with trash received “oops” notes. He said DES staff also went door to door to explain the program.
Jones, who has been promoting recycling since the 1980s, said the mixed recycling program is an evolution of the city's first attempts decades ago at recycling just newspapers. “When you're working on something that is part of a solution … you make a difference every day.”
►Read: Adventures of a recycler
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds: Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The pilot program increased the amount of recyclables collected and sparked interest among residents who didn't get a blue container.
The covered containers, eight times larger than the bins, also reduce litter. Some residents may have made fewer weekly trips to the curb with the green trash container. They also could alternate bins in winter, when space at the foot of the driveway is at a premium.
“What was in my trash was reduced immensely,” said Jones, whose street was part of the pilot program. “I have a big enough container and there are more items that we can recycle. I can go in the winter time two weeks, maybe three weeks without taking the refuse container out.”
PSINGER@Gannett.com
Recycling schedule
Large recycling bins will be emptied every other week. City residents should get a schedule and can go to http://www.cityofrochester.gov/residentialrecycling/ and click the link next to the map of the city.
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/2eOqLTI
Australia's explosive detection dogs and their handlers recognised at Australian War Memorial in Canberra
Posted
The service and sacrifice of Australia's explosive detection dogs and their handlers has been recognised in a ceremony at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra.
A new sculpture commemorating their service was also unveiled on the memorial's grounds.
Dogs have been used for decades by Australia's armed forces, taking advantage of the animals' strong sense of smell to detect explosives.
Several have been killed in the line of duty, and they were used extensively during troop deployments in Afghanistan.
"One of the biggest threats in Afghanistan was improvised explosive devices (IEDs), so our dogs have been critical in going ahead of our forces and clearing the way, searching the ground," Major Kendall Crocker said.
"There are many, many Australian men and women who have served in our armed forces who came home safe to their families because of the work that these dogs have done."
Major Crocker, who is the only veterinarian employed full time by the Defence Force, said dogs form bonds with their handlers, which allows the two to work as a team on the ground.
"You could say that they're the only animals that work with people rather than for people," he said.
"We really treat our dogs like a four-legged digger."
The dogs also provide a sense of normalcy for troops deployed away from home.
"It gives them that contact back to home, that sort of break from the reality of where they are, where they can just zone out and have a pat with a dog," said dog handler Lance Corporal Shane Kerswall.
Dog handling a growing area within Defence Force
Lance Corporal Kerswall said the profession had grown within the Defence Force in recent years, and that both handlers and dogs were gaining more recognition.
"There is a very strong recognition of the special role, it's always developing," he said.
"There's now more opportunity for rank progression amongst the trade."
While the job is undoubtedly dangerous, Major Kendall said the utmost care was taken to protect the dogs in war zones, and only three had been killed in the line of duty since 2007.
"The overall level of loss with dogs is really [not very different] to perhaps the same number of dogs back here in Australia," he said.
"We take every care to make sure that they're looked after, their health is looked after and their safety is looked after."
However as with any military role, explosive detection dogs and their handlers are not immune to the tragic reality of working in a war zone.
In June 2010 Sapper Darren Smith and his collie-cross Herbie were killed in an IED explosion in Afghanistan.
Their names are etched onto the unveiled sculpture.
"He was a very good bloke, easy to have a chat with and a quiet beer," Lance Corporal Kerswall said.
"They were doing a job that they believed in, and that they loved, and I hope that one day I embody what they went out there and did," Sapper Andrew Nordling said.
Sapper Nordling and his dog Domino are yet to be deployed, but are "pretty excited" about the prospect.
"He's pretty good, we actually train our dogs to a pretty high standard ... I'm obviously biased, but I think he's one of the best," he said.
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, library-museum-and-gallery, animals, human-interest, canberra-2600, act, australia
Divi-Dead is a Japanese 2D adult game released by C's Ware in 1998. The game's theme falls into the category of adult horror, as it deals with supernatural and sexual topics. Certain images from the game are brutally violent and strange, while others are lighthearted and erotic. It is a visual novel that involves a supernatural mystery which the player solves in order to complete the game. The player makes certain decisions throughout the story, which may lead to different endings for the game. Along with True Love, Divi-dead is often credited for being one of the games to start the interest in adult games outside Japan. An English translation was released by Himeya Soft.
The game has been ported to the Dreamcast and PSP by homebrew community "Tales Translations", the group that's also behind the Spanish translation and fixing/replacing the Japanese map notations. German, Italian, French and Portuguese translations also exist, as well as a Flash version.
Plot [ edit ]
Life has been rough for Ranmaru Hibikiya. Bedridden as a child with a mysterious illness, he's to spend most of his time alone, drugged, wondering if he would live to adulthood. Now, however, things are getting better for him. His health has improved; he only experiences the occasional seizure. Also, he's been enrolled in his uncle's distinguished institution, the Asao Private School.
Of course, this fortuitous turn isn't without a catch. His uncle, a rather mysterious man, installed Ranmaru at Asao to serve as his spy. Ranmaru begins an innocuous investigation, not really expecting to find anything important. Soon, however, he finds himself immersed in horrifying, supernatural events that could claim his life at any moment.
References [ edit ]
In trying to have it all, working moms often confront a big problem: doing it all. Even when both parents in a family work full-time, working moms often end up doing more housework than working dads. But a new working paper may have found a way to make that housework more equal: when men are offered their own parental leave, they do more housework, while their wives do more work at the office.
Cornell University Ph.D. candidate Ankita Patnaik studied a "daddy-only" parental leave program that Quebec instituted in 2006, finding that it both greatly increased the rates at which fathers took leave and made housework more gender-equal...and, counterintuitively, meant mothers spent more time with the kids.
What was studied
Patnaik studied Quebec's Parental Insurance Program (QPIP), which the province instituted when it left Canada's national employment insurance program. What made the QPIP program unique was that it was a "daddy-only" program — that is, it expressly reserved some parental leave for fathers. Prior to QPIP, Quebecers had a set amount of shared leave for a family, and either parent could use it. Under that program, families essentially left benefits unclaimed, as they didn't want to forgo income. QPIP helped lessen that burden, because it paid out higher benefits than the national program.
The introduction of Quebec's program created a unique scenario in which to study how people react to new, men-only parental leave — Patnaik was able to use other provinces as "control" groups and compared them to Quebec.
What was found
Fathers' leave from work grew tremendously after the program was in place — their participation in parental leave picked up by 250 percent after QPIP was instituted, and the length of their leave increased by 150 percent. That's despite the fact that men had had leave at their disposal before — when offered their own specific daddy-only leave (albeit with better monetary benefits), men took it up more. They also reported spending more time at home and with their family members.
Moms, meanwhile, worked more and earned more money when exposed to the program. Mothers' incomes grew significantly — by more than 5,000 Canadian dollars, in part due to more hours worked and more full-time employment. Changes in men's incomes were not statistically significant.
The new policy also changed patterns of behavior at home, making housework less sex-specialized. The dads started not only spending more time with families but taking on household tasks like grocery shopping that had mostly been the province of women. Meanwhile, women cut back on housework. However, interestingly, women more than made up for their lower levels of housework by doing more childcare.
What it means
The study's results suggest that fathers responded not only to the increased benefits under Quebec's new program but also to the very fact that the program set aside hours specifically for fathers, Patnaik writes. That suggests something important: that simply offering shared parental leave may not inspire fathers to take leave, but setting aside leave specifically for dads does get them to take it, shifting the total amount of leave-taking more toward men. This sort of program, by setting time aside for men, may reduce the stigma of taking leave to spend time with the family.
And if parental leave for dads improves moms' labor market outcomes, it could mean that this kind of parental leave policy would make the labor market simply work better. Working mothers are as capable of workers as working fathers but nevertheless tend to work less and disproportionately do more housework. When those women "lean out," to borrow a phrase from Sheryl Sandberg, it means the workforce as a whole misses out on their full talent and potential...and it can set those women up for a lifetime of lower earnings.
It's true that women ended up doing more "unpaid work" at home after this policy was put in place in the sense that they ended up doing more childcare, but this may depend on your definition of "work" — it may be that those moms prefer childcare to housework, and this new policy may have freed them up to spend time with their kids. Moreover, this study suggests that daddy-only leave creates a "win-win" scenario, as Patnaik puts it: it improves gender equality at work without sacrificing parents' time with their kids.
One caveat, however: as with any working paper, this is a preliminary study, and it has not been peer-reviewed.
Caleb Maupin is a radical journalist and political analyst who lives in New York City. Originally from Ohio, he studied political science at Baldwin-Wallace College. In addition to his journalism, analysis, and commentary, he has engaged in political activism. He is a youth organizer for the International Action Center and was involved in the Occupy Wall Street movement from its planning stages in August 2011. He has worked against police brutality, mass incarceration, and imperialist war. He works to promote revolutionary ideology, and to support all who fight against the global system of monopoly capitalist imperialism.
The forgotten history of a group of “Iranian dissidents” being promoted in Western media shows the hypocrisy of the so-called “War on Terror.”
The Associated Press published an article entitled“Iran Dissident: Tehran Continues Nuke Arms Work” earlier in October. The piece quoted Mujahadeen-e-Khalq (MEK) members, who insist that Iran is developing nuclear weapons.
The claims are rather fantastic, as the leaders of the Islamic Republic of Iran have always declared extreme opposition to nuclear weapons, and endless inspections from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) confirm that Iran is not pursuing them. Iran has every right, under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, to pursue peaceful nuclear energy. These facts are largely unknown to the US public, and absent from discussion of Iran in the mainstream press.
The AP's news report is not the only place the MEK has been given such polite treatment in the Western press. On September 17th, when the French government dropped money-laundering charges against the organization, the headlines reporting the case continued to refer to its members as “Iranian dissidents.” The articles in Bloomberg News and The Wall Street Journal contained nothing about what this “Mujahadeen-e-Khalq” organization is - or what kind of activities it has engaged in.
The most extreme example of hypocritical treatment for this organization comes from Murdoch-owned, ideologically neoconservative FOX News. FOX News hosts and commentators are known for stirring up rumors of US President Barack Obama's alleged links to Marxism and Islamic radicalism. Recently, FOX News host Megyn Kelly interviewed Professor William Ayers, demanding to know why he wouldn't “take responsibility” after she listed various terrorist acts she claimed he was involved in. Kelly also recently berated Ward Churchill, Native American Professor at the University of Colorado, claiming words he wrote in a 2001 essay emotionally harmed the families of 9/11 victims.
However, on June 16, FOX News anchor and senior correspondent Eric Shawn sat down across from an actual, self-proclaimed “Islamic Marxist” named Maryam Rajavi, who is linked to the death of thousands of innocent civilians in Iran, as well as many Americans, who were killed by the MEK in the last few decades. While facing this real life, violent terrorist extremist, the FOX anchor threw softballs. He allowed the spokesperson for MEK to spew her rhetoric against the Iranian government without interruption. In his questions, Shawn even compared Rajavi to the resistance forces that fought the Nazis.
If cable news viewers and consumers of US print media knew who these “Iranian dissidents” actually were, they would begin to ask some serious questions about US foreign policy.
What is the Mujahadeen-e-Khalq?
The Mujahedeen-e-Khalq (People's Army of God) organization was founded in the 1960s as a student group opposed to the Shah. It eventually began work toward achieving its aims with isolated acts of violence such as assassinations, bombings, and kidnappings. Its beliefs included a bizarre mixture of Islam and Marxism. One of the group's primary beliefs is in the brilliance of its founder and leader, Massoud Rajavi, who is worshipped in a cultish manner. At recent rallies in France, for example, placards carried by MEK members contained the simple slogan “Massoud Rajavi Is Our Leader.” Massoud Rajavi's location is unknown, and he has not made a public appearance since 2003. Rajavi's spouse, Maryam Rajavi, now acts as the primary public representative of the group.
In its early years, MEK primarily targeted people from the United States. The group attempted to kidnap the US ambassador to Iran. It carried out an attempted assassination of a US Air Force General. In 1976, the organization attacked a car and killed the three American hotel employees inside. These terrorist acts were done in the hope of damaging the US backed Iranian monarchy.
However, it was not the isolated acts of adventurist violence from MEK members, but a rather broad explosion of popular resistance that toppled the US-backed Shah in 1979. After Iran's Islamic Revolution in 1979, when it became clear that the MEK would not become the new ruling party, the organization responded with a vicious bombing campaign against the new government. In 1981, the group bombed a meeting of the Iranian Republican Party, killing 72 people, including many high-ranking government officials.
During the Iraq-Iran War, the group became very friendly with Saddam Hussein. With money pouring in from the Iraqi regime, the group formed an armed outfit called the “Iranian National Liberation Army.” They went through Iran committing war crimes, hoping that they could secure victory for the US-backed Iraqi invaders that used chemical and biological weapons against Iranian civilians.
In one particularly brutal war atrocity, the MEK group killed nearly all the residents of a village called Islamabad-e Gharb. The group staged this cowardly attack on July 26th, 1988 - six days after Imam Khomeini had announced he was accepting a ceasefire with Iraq.
The number of innocent civilians slaughtered by the MEK or its various front groups such as the Iranian National Council of Resistance, is likely to be in the tens of thousands, if you include the number of civilians killed during the bombing campaigns, the number of people MEK linked groups slaughtered during the Iraq-Iran War, and the number of victims of MEK terrorism against Iran throughout the 1990s and up to today. Human Rights Watch has issued condemnations of the group for routinely torturing those it holds captive.
The internal workings of the group are equally frightening. A Human Rights Watch report from 2005 describes how, within its various bases and camps, the group subjects members to summary execution for violations of its bizarre regulations and practices. According to ex-members of MEK, it functions as a very dangerous cult. All members are required to divorce their spouses, as family life is considered a distraction from the cause of overthrowing the Iranian state. The words of Massoud and Maryam Rajavi are interpreted as divine and infallible, and members are encouraged to seek martyrdom to advance the ideological and religious goals.
The coddling of dangerous extremists
Frequently, Iran is declared to be a “state sponsor of terror” by US officials and media outlets. However, it is leaders of the United States that are currently promoting the cause of the dangerous and violent MEK.
Hillary Clinton played an important role in removing the group from the official state department list of “Foreign Terrorist Organizations.” Rudy Giuliani, former Mayor of New York City, promotes its cause by acting as MEK's spokesman. Tom Ridge, former head of the Department of Homeland Security, has played a similar role for the group. Very few US media commentators have highlighted the irony of “America's Mayor” embracing a group of “Islamic Marxist” militants - and the truth about MEK and its relationship with figures in Washington DC is largely unknown.
Occasionally, US officials will try to justify the coddling of this group of violent extremists with vague claims that it “renounced violence.” However, the group is very open about continuing its armed underground activities inside the Islamic Republic of Iran. Reports indicate that it was members of MEK, in cooperation with the Mossad that assassinated scientists working on Iran's peaceful nuclear energy program in 2012.
While MEK denies it works with the Israeli government, a fact that should shatter the credibility of anyone claiming to be an “Islamic Marxist,” the truth was leaked to NBC by the Obama Administration.
The US press largely treats MEK like romantic pacifist freedom fighters. In her interviews, Maryam Rajavi seems frighteningly confident that she will be successful and her organization will someday come to power.
In her interview with FOX's Shawn, she said, “I am confident the mullah's religious dictatorship will not last and will be overthrown.” In the interview, a woman who oversaw the slaughter of thousands compared herself to Jefferson, Lincoln, and even pacifist civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. FOX's Shawn sat in front of her nodding, never questioning her words or intentions.
If one looks at Libya after the US/NATO “regime change,” or the state of Syria after four years of US-funded civil war against the government, it should be clear what “regime change” in Iran will mean. The fact that the US media is openly promoting extremists like MEK - and their fantastic claims about nuclear weapons - should be a warning call to all who would support US efforts in the region.
The promises from US officials of “stability” made before the invasion of Iraq and Afghanistan, or the overthrow of Gaddafi, never materialized. Instead, the various US- and NATO-installed collaborators and extremists turned their guns against each other. With chaos and destruction in the region, the US and Israel remained secure in their control of the oil profits and world markets.
The poster children for the US/Israeli crusade against the Islamic Republic, Massoud and Maryam Rajavi are hardly capable of bringing peace and stability. The MEK is much like ISIS in Syria, or the US-backed insurgents in Libya. They are bloodthirsty extremists who would destroy Iran's existing stability and independent economic development, replacing it with chaos, destruction, and death.
The promotion of such extremists, who unleash violence and chaos, fits perfectly with the realpolitik strategy laid out by former US National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski: “Maintain security dependence among the vassals, to keep tributaries pliant and protected, and to keep the barbarians from coming together.” (Zbigniew Brzezinski “The Grand Chessboard,” p. 40)
The program of the United States and Israel for the Middle East is permanent civil war, chaos, and death. Part of implementing this program is the rallying cry of “regime change in Iran,” and the promotion of violent terrorists who oppose the Islamic Republic.
The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT.
Workers Struggles: Europe, Middle East & Africa
3 December 2010
The World Socialist Web Site invites workers and other readers to contribute to this regular feature.
Europe
Mass protests of Italian students in defence of education
Hundreds of thousands of students took part in the “Block Everything Day” November 30, demonstrating across the country as MPs debated a bill on education cuts.
Students have argued that the proposed cuts threaten the future of education. The Italian Student's Union estimated that up to 400,000 students participated in the protests.
Students blocked roads, major throughways and central squares in Rome, and hundreds surrounded the Chamber of Deputies as riot police enforced a tight cordon. The highways of other major cities, from Turin to Palermo, were blocked together with the tracks at railway stations in Milan, Pisa and Venice.
More than 2,100 buses and 13 chartered trains from across Italy brought the protesters to Rome.
Demonstrations in Athens against austerity cuts
Hundreds of demonstrators marched through central Athens November 25 to protest against deep government austerity cuts.
Some on the march held banners with slogans such as; “No layoffs. Write off the debt,” and “This is far enough, we can't take any more.”
The march, organized by umbrella groups ostensibly representing public and private sector workers, terminated outside the Finance Ministry.
The Associated Press also reported on a number of separate protests held the same day. Around 250 retired military officers demonstrated outside the Defence Ministry against pension cuts and health care reforms. Meanwhile, 30 disabled athletes, including Paralymic medalists, gathered outside the Culture Ministry, protesting the government's slashing of funding for sports involving people with special needs.
A further nationwide general strike is planned December 15.
Greek journalists strike over wage and job cuts
Thousands of Greek journalists staged a 24-hour nationwide strike November 30 to protest wage cuts and layoffs resulting from government austerity measures.
Hundreds of journalists marched through central Athens holding banners reading “No lay-offs, contracts now,” before gathering outside the labour ministry.
The industrial action brought a halt to news programs, web site updates and newspaper publications, while state and private television stations broadcast cartoons and documentaries instead of news and scheduled programmes.
Some media organizations have imposed wage cuts of up to 10 percent and at least two newspapers have closed down this year.
The government has agreed with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund tax increases and cuts in exchange for €110 billion ($143 billion), placing the burden on Greek workers and students.
Greek ferry workers conclude eight-day strike
Ferry crews returned to work December 1, following an eight-day strike in defence of their jobs and unemployment entitlements.
Ferry and passenger ships raised anchor across the country after the Greek Seamen's Federation obeyed an emergency order by the government to return to work or risk arrest.
It is the second time in less than six months that the government has broken a strike using the threat of arrests, after facing down a three-week strike by truck drivers in the summer.
Media coverage concentrated on the disruption of supplies of food and medicine to hundreds of islands.
The seaman's union is nominally demanding the safeguarding of jobs with 10 months employment per year and the creation of an independent unemployment fund for seamen.
Striking Czech civil servants to demonstrate in 19 towns
Czech trade unions published a list November 30 of 19 towns where demonstrations are to be held during the strike of civil servants on December 8, according to a press release by the CMKOS trade union.
State and public employees declared industrial action in protest against the government's intention to cut pay in the public sector by 10 percent from next year. Also contested is the fact that the budgetary cuts will lead to overall deterioration of public services, especially the health service.
Along with the Palackeho Square, in Prague, the demonstrations will be held in all 13 regional capitals plus some small towns. Firefighters, prevented from participating legally in the demonstrations due to anti-strike regulations, are to hold a public rally on December 15.
Cabin crew at main Finnish carrier strike over work schedules
The country's national carrier Finnair cancelled over 200 international and domestic flights December 1, on the second day of a cabin crew strike in a dispute over work schedules.
Cabin crew say that the airline is seeking to undermine the system of compensatory days off that employees get for bearing the difficulties of long-haul flights.
Finnair's CEO Mika Vehvilaenen told a press conference November 30, that unless the company could make significant cost-cutting measures and agree on a “favourable” labour contract, the company would look into outsourcing operations and jobs to countries with cheaper labour.
Belgian glassworkers strike over job losses
On November 26, workers at two glass factories in western Flanders carried out a 24-hour strike in opposition to job cuts.
The workforce responded to the decision of Japanese-based Asahi Glass to downsize two AGC (formerly Glaverbel) plants, resulting in the elimination of 101 of 297 jobs (including eight temporary workers) at AGC Zeebrugge and AGC Seapane.
The ACG Zeebrugge factory produces automobile mirrors and high-value glass used in the furniture industry, and ACG Seapane is a producer of heat-insulated glazed architectural glass used in the construction industry. The recent announcement is the second major restructuring by Asahi in Belgium in just over a year and the fourth in 10 years.
In October 2009, AGC Automotive in the Wallonia region of Belgium made over 200 of 475 workers redundant. The company also announced between 60 and 90 job losses at glass production facilities in Kryry, Czech Republic, the AGC Klin factory near Moscow, and one in the Netherlands.
German pilots at Lufthansa subsidiary strike over job cuts
Pilots at Eurowings Luftverkehrs AG, the Dortmund-based subsidiary of national carrier Lufthansa, staged a half-day strike November 26, grounding 72 scheduled flights, in a protest at planned job cuts. The low-cost unit employs 305 pilots.
The Vereinigung Cockpit union says Lufthansa is planning to reduce the Eurowings fleet from 34 to 15 planes, meaning a loss of 180 pilot jobs. Eurowings flies high-traffic routes within Europe.
Last week, a labour court scuttled plans for a strike at another German carrier, Air Berlin, in a dispute over pay.
BA cabin crew to ballot for fresh strike action
Unite, the union representing 11,000 cabin crew employed at British Airways (BA), confirmed November 29 that a fresh ballot for industrial action at the airline is to be taken soon in an ongoing dispute over changes to working conditions and company victimisation of workers.
Among the demands announced by Unite, on disclosing the ballot, are a “restoration of staff travel concessions, in full, to the crew from whom they were taken by BA”, and “restoration of the wages docked from crew who were genuinely off sick during strike dates.”
The ballot will conclude in early January. Unite has repeatedly sabotaged any effective struggle against BA's offensive against working conditions and jobs.
UK casino strike looms
A consultative ballot is to take place amongst 36 workers at two prestigious casinos in Mayfair, London. They are asking the Central Executive Council to sanction an official strike ballot over the threat to sack staff seeking talks before changes to work rosters and work locations are made.
The Gentings Casinos announced the imposition of changes to the working hours and work locations of their door staff and car jockeys at the two company casinos, Crockfords and the Colony Club. The changes were announced without consultation with staff or the recognized union for the casino workers. Managers have threatened staff with disciplinary measures including firing, if they do not take up the new rotas and agree to move to other locations.
Italian football players in strike over contracts
Players in the nation's Serie A soccer league have called a strike for the weekend of December 11-12, after a breakdown in talks concerning the recent expiry of a collective contract between the players' association (AIC) and league bosses guaranteeing players' rights in the final year of their contracts with their employers.
Middle East
Bahrain contractors strike
Around 50 workers at a Bahrain contracting company took industrial action November 28, claiming they had not been paid for up to eight months.
The Gulf Daily News reported that the Indian and Bangladeshi workers are refusing to return to work until the company pays their outstanding wages.
The workers are employed as carpenters and labourers at the Ali Bin Ebrahim Abdul A'al Holding Company, Khamis, where they earn BD70 to BD100 (US$186 to US$266) a month.
One of the workers said, “The company hasn't paid us for six to eight months... We will not go to work unless the management pays our outstanding salaries. They have already promised to pay us for two months… We have families to take care of and support. We are also facing problems, as we don't have money to buy groceries and other daily items. We don't know who to complain to, as the management is not listening to us. We will not go back to work unless we get our money, and we don't care how long it takes.”
He said the workers went on strike in October for 15 days, but returned to work after the company paid them two months' wages.
Construction workers protest in Tehran against annulment of insurance
Hundreds of construction workers staged a protest last week in front of the government's Majlis (parliament) building in Tehran, Iran, against the adoption of a bill annulling compulsive social insurance for workers, according to the state-run ILNA.
The protest took place as the Majlis intended to adopt a bill calling for the annulment of insurance for construction workers.
Africa
South African Metrorail workers strike
Workers at Cape Town Metrorail belonging to the United Transport and Allied Trade Union (UTATU) took strike action Wednesday, December 1. The action is in opposition to new shift rotas due to start December 4.
The strike led to a total shutdown of the service that normally provides 600,000 passenger journeys each day. UTATU General Secretary Chris Vos blamed management for unilaterally introducing the shift changes.
Sierra Leone postal workers strike
Workers at the Sierra Leone Postal Services (SALPOST) took strike action and held a demonstration in Freetown. Among their demands are a salary increase and payment of agreed previous increases that have yet to be paid.
One worker explained to the Concord Times newspaper that a backlog of pay from a 2006 settlement was due to be paid over a 16-month period. However, by October this year only three out of the agreed 16 payments had been made. In addition, a negotiated increase due to have been paid since January this year has not yet been paid.
Kenyan postal workers strike
Workers at the Postal Corporation of Kenya (PCK) have taken nationwide strike action, demanding PCK boss Hussein Ali steps down. The workers are members of the Communication Workers of Kenya.
Deputy General Secretary Ismael Noo explained that normally a salary review is held every two years. However, under Ali there has been no such review. Amongst their demands are a 50 percent pay increase, a review of housing and commuter allowances and promotion for long serving workers.
The strike went ahead in spite of an injunction from the Industrial Court prohibiting it.
Moroccan textile workers sit-in enters second month
Around 1,500 textile workers, of which two-thirds are women, have been conducting a sit-in protest at four factories in Sale, near the Moroccan capital Rabat. The protest has been taking place since October 29.
They began the action when the factory owners, the Mortanex company, wanted to close the factories. Mortanex is a subsidiary of Courtaulds Textiles, now owned by Hong Kong-based PD Enterprise Ltd. The workers suspect the company plans to move the operation to China.
Textiles is a key industry in Morocco, but since the onset of the economic crisis in 2008 up to 20,000 jobs have been lost.
Botswana hotel workers strike ends
Workers organized in the Botswana Hotel Travel and Tourism Workers Union (BHTTWU) working for Cresta began strike action at the end of last week, but were due to return to work Wednesday, December 1.
The strike action was in pursuit of a 13 percent pay increase. Cresta is Botswana's largest hotel chain.
Nigerian primary school teachers strike
Nigerian primary school teachers working in the Federal Capital Territory began strike action last Monday. According to the National Union of Teachers, the strike was universally supported by its members.
They are taking action over two months' salaries and fringe benefits owed to them by the government.
Nigerian petrol tankers drivers strike
Petrol tanker drivers in the Petroleum Tanker Drivers (PTD) branch of the National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers Union (NUPENG) began strike action Tuesday, which was due to last a week. However, the strike was called off after a day after a meeting with the labour minister, Emeka Wogu, in Abuja.
The action, which had been nationwide, led to long queues at filling stations. It was called in response to the killing of a driver in Jos. The drivers were also protesting the seizure of trucks by the military in Ibadan and Port Harcourt.
It's been almost three days after I received the gifts from my Santa, but I still can't really calm down when I look at what she's gifted me!!
I am very very grateful for this experience and I have to say I am super duper lucky to have run into this amazing Santa, because she really went out of her way to make things awesome!
In the exchange preference, I wrote about not having read much since I started reading very recently and I would prefer a Kindle book because of the tiny space I live in (I can basically only read on my bed).
After I signed up for the exchange and mailed my choice to my giftee, I wasn't paying a lot of attention to redditgifts because there has been a lot going on lately. I have a friend coming from the Czech Republic to visit me and I had to attend a few big job interviews this week (which I now believe is not going anywhere). But one night, when I was in the streets with my friend, my phone kept buzzing! I thought it's my girlfriend looking for me or something, but when I take it out, HOLY COW! I have a lot of new e-mails coming in one by one! When I take a closer look at it, NO SHIT! It's my Santa gifting me with one book and another, I was so stoked and happy that I jumped on the street! I never expected to have received this many books! It's AWESOME!!!
I am sure from the gifts I received, it would be a very long time until I have to purchase books again (English is not my first language, so I read slowly), REALLY, REALLY Thank You Santa! I am really really grateful and honored to be your giftee, I hope in the future you will still be participating in exchanges, so more people can be as lucky as me this time, THANK YOU!!!
My India ... A country that till 18 months ago, was blessed with perfect communal harmony, the country that enjoyed absolute freedom of expression, the country that had not banned a single book, movie or play.
Written by Shefali Vaidya
Newspaper columnist, Intrepid Traveller, Amateur Photographer, Armchair Activist, Mum to triplets. You can follow her on Twitter @shefvaidya
The post was originally published on author's facebook timeline here
No one had heard of the word ‘caste' in my India and the word ‘religion' either. There was no hunger, nor there was poverty. All the farmers were billionaires so no one ever committed suicide. It was a wonderful country where people could eat as much beef they wanted, anywhere they wanted. There were no laws banning cow slaughter in any state. No one had heard of words like corruption, murders and rape.Communal violence and riots were unheard of. The years 1947 and 1984 skipped India, therefore there were no such things as partition riots and anti-Sikh riots. The year 2002 however did happen in a terrible place called Gujarat, the single stain on the spotless secular fabric of India! Kashmiri Pandits lived in the valley in peace and harmony with their neighbours. The ethnic cleansing of the valley never happened. Serial bomb blasts and terrorist attacks were also terms that did not exist.Indians did not know what unhappiness or poverty or suffering meant. If they wanted to experience it, they would go on a conducted tour to Sudan or Palestine!Such was the paradise that was my India!Unfortunately, the good run did not last.16th May 2014, I still remember that dark day - the day Fascist Patriarchal Hindu Male Narendra Modi became the Prime Minister!That was the day India saw poverty, communal violence, law and order issues, farmer suicides, caste discrimination, gender discrimination, murders, rape, tax avoidance, spitting on the roads, litter in the streets, road rage and every other social evil that you can think of, for the very first time!!Thanks to this evil guy Modi, communal violence has crossed all limits. Every day millions of people are being massacred in India. At this rate, there will be no voters left to cast their vote in 2019!Some eminent historians and liberal thinkers have compared this regime to the Taliban - that social organisation formed by terrorists with no religion. The Taliban however is so hurt with this comparison that it wants Arvind Kejriwal to hold a dharna on its behalf!We enlightened citizens know that PM Modi is PERSONALLY responsible for everything from our constipation to clogged toilets at a railway station. I am upset that Modi has NOT issued a statement yet on why there are paan stains on the staircase leading to my building. Everything that is wrong in this country is the PM's fault. NO ONE else is to be blamed.Oh my poor poor India! What have you done to deserve this? I need to find a suitable award to return to protest against this.I hope this Modi resigns soon and we liberal intellectuals can return to the perfect Utopian paradise that was India under the great leadership of intellectual icon, Rahul Gandhi!
Israeli security forces stand guard while the Bedouin village of Al Araqib is demolished (Photo: Getty Images)
Israel is moving ahead with a plan that will forcibly displace Bedouin citizens against their will. On May 6, Israeli cabinet ministers gave their seal of approval to the controversial plan, which entails leveling villages and then moving Bedouin-Arabs from a number of unrecognized villages in Israel into government-approved towns. Some of the demolished Bedouin villages are slated to be replaced with Jewish towns–exposing the system of ethnocracy that prevails in all the territories Israel controls, including within the Green Line.
The cabinet approval clears the way for a Knesset bill to be submitted to implement the scheme, Haaretz reports.
The Israeli government has presented the plan as a way to ensure Bedouin “prosperity” in the employment and education fields. It will “put an end to the spread of illegal building by Negev Bedouin and lead to better integration of the Bedouin into Israeli society,” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in January. But the Bedouins themselves, who have inhabited the Negev area in southern Israel long before the establishment of the state, are rejecting the plan. If implemented, it will put an end to their rural way of life, and they will be forced into urban areas.
It “means Judaization of [the] Negev. The main goal of these plans is to seize Arab lands and exterminate Arab roots,” Atiyeh al-A'sam, a Bedouin community leader, told Ma'News.
The initial framework for the plan was approved in September 2011. The Prawer Plan, as it is known, was okayed by Netanyahu back in March 2012. Consultations with the Bedouin public were undertaken after initial approval of the plan. But critics of the current version say that little has changed from the original framework, and that it will still lead to the displacement of up to 40,000 people (though the Israeli Palestinian group Adalah says it could displace 70,000 people). Organizations from Amnesty International to the Association of Civil Rights in Israel (ACRI) to the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination have decried the Prawer Plan.
“The government approved a plan that will cause the displacement and forced eviction of dozens of villages and tens of thousands of Bedouin residents, dispossessing them of their property and historical rights to their lands, destroying the social fabric of their communities, and sealing the fate of thousands of families into poverty and unemployment,” said ACRI Attorney Rawia Aburabia in a statement.
At the heart of the plan is the destruction of at least 25 unrecognized Bedouin villages in the Negev and the forcible relocation of residents into seven government-created areas and 10 recognized Bedouin villages. No Bedouin areas beyond the government-recognized areas and villages will be allowed to be established. New Jewish communities will be built on the ruins of some of the villages–all part of a scheme to develop the Negev for Jews, an Israeli government priority. Some compensation will be offered to Bedouin citizens, though the compensation offered has also been criticized. “Only those Arab Bedouin citizens who claimed land in the 1970s are able to receive any form of compensation (land or monetary) from the state,” states Adalah in an analysis of the Prawer Plan. “Compensation will amount to a maximum of 50% of the land claimed, though reasonable estimates reveal that the Bedouin will receive only about 16%. Further, all compensation is conditioned on the claimant giving up his/her ancestral land.”
And many Bedouins insist that their concerns have not been taken into account and that the way forward is for the government to recognize their villages, not demolish them.
There are 200,000 Bedouin citizens of Israel, a traditionally nomadic people who are now dispersed between overcrowded and underserved government-recognized areas and other unrecognized villages. 35 villages in total are unrecognized by the state, and are thus denied access to electricity, water and other basic services while living under the constant threat of demolition.
Many were expelled during the Nakba. After the establishment of the State of Israel, Bedouins were forced into the barren Siyag area, while the cleared out parts of the Negev were given over to the new Jewish citizens of the state, as author and academic Neve Gordon wrote in Al Jazeera English. The Bedouin, along with other Palestinians within Israel, were also forced to live under a brutal military regime until 1966.
Since the 1970s, Israeli authorities have repeatedly demolished thousands of what they term “illegal” Bedouin structures. The latest iteration of this policy has been seen in al-Araqib, an unrecognized Bedouin village that has been leveled 49 times. The Jewish National Fund plans to build a forest on the ruins of the village.
So the Prawer Plan is only the latest indignity to be forced upon the Bedouin population of Israel. The bulldozers are coming, and along with them images of forced displacement from a state founded on that process.
Add doorbells to the ever-lengthening list of products, services and traditions being upended by millennials. Doorbells? Yes, doorbells.
See, according to a Wall Street Journal story published Monday, among members of this rising generation, raised with a smartphone ever not only at but in hand, a text is the preferred way to let a friend know you're at the door.
See: 7 ways to defend your ‘smart home' against hackers
“Typically, doorbells are for outsiders,” says Tiffany Zhong, the 20-year-old founder of a market-research firm called Zebra Intelligence, according to the Journal story. “A text signifies it's a friend.”
And why's that? Well, in Zhong's words ...
‘Doorbells are just so sudden. It's terrifying.' Tiffany Zhong, Zebra Intelligence
See: Why millennials can't have nice things
And: Move over, millennials — members of Generation Z are ready to work
Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
Witness a new type of horror.
Written by Max Moeller on September 4, 2017 at 8:00 am
Horror games are always tricky to develop. Should we allow the player to defend themselves? Are we relying too much on jump scares? How do we keep them on edge? The answers to these questions – and much more – must be balanced out to create a thrilling horror experience. No combat but bland, predictable jump scares? Gamers are out. Developer Bloober Team not only acknowledges these questions with Observer, they do so in ways that subvert your expectations, leading to a genuinely thrilling horror experience.
Yes, Observer has jump scares. It has hide-from-the-monster stealth moments. It has creepy characters you may or may not be able to trust. But these situations are hardly the focus of the game. Instead, Observer opts to shove it's a Orwellian dystopia in your face and leads you to realize that real horror is not the monsters from your nightmares. True horror lies in the deepest thoughts of both you and those you surround yourself with.
You play as Daniel Lazarski, a police detective also known as an Observer. Observers are equipped with a “dream eater,” allowing them to enter the minds of others, accessing their memories and fears. The overruling megacorp, Chiron, established these after a widespread disease wiped out thousands of people. This leads to war, pushing many survivors to rampant drug usage.
As you can imagine, the job of an Observer is not easy. Upon being sent to investigate a murder case, Daniel receives a call from his long lost son, revealing he has some connection. What follows is an undebatably tense game of cat-and-mouse through a small apartment complex.
Gameplay mechanics are minimal. Most progression comes from talking with drug addled psychos hiding behind their apartment doors. Daniel has two sensors to scan the environment, allowing you to find clues and extra items. Most of the real world segments keep you on edge, but weirdly feel safe enough not to worry too much.
Part of this is the game establishing you can't die in the real world, and part is the incredible voice acting performance by Rutger Hauer. Despite not knowing what the hell is going on, Hauer's gravelly portrayal of Daniel keeps you at ease – the man has seen some shit, and he is not to be messed with.
Of course, a lot of praise goes to the writing he works with. Conversations with tenants range from the tense to the outright comical. My big standout being a seemingly straightforward one who slowly devolves into revealing his crazed obsession with another as you continue to question him. Seeing his sentences go from proper English to downright rambling is hilarious and, in its own way, horrific.
Both the gameplay and the storytelling take a turn once you enter someone's mind. As mentioned, the dream eater has the unfortunate ability to delve not only into another's memories but also their fears. In one's memories, all shots are off. Anything can happen. To avoid spoilers, I won't delve into much aside from praising Bloober Team's ability to make each one drastically different from the last. These sequences are entirely unique to the individual and are best experienced blindly. Each is a brutal violation of privacy that left me feeling gross afterward – I don't want to know this much about the people in my life, let alone a digital stranger.
You cannot scan in-sequence, only move. This leaves you to focus only on what's going on, and to do your best not to have a real life breakdown. The more the story unfolds, the more you begin to question your own thoughts and fears, and the others around you. That's not to mention the morally twisted ending choice that had me actually stop and heavily consider what to pick. A choice that has me wanting to go back and play again to see the results of the other.
That's not a ridiculous proposition either. Observer runs at a not-too-brain-damaging six and a half hours. Give or take some time for collectible searching. I am disappointed with how Observer runs on the Xbox One. I was getting 15-20 frames a majority of the time, with random highs of 60 for a few seconds. This affected my enjoyment of the game somewhat, as there were times I opted against exploring to avoid the buffering. It's still worth pushing through for the story, however.
Observer is appropriately eerie, with the game relying on footsteps and thunder strikes to set the tone. I'd recommend keeping your volume at a reasonable level, as the memories tend to go into an ear-blasting degree of sound. Sound effects failed to play at times, while others came delayed.
Bloober nailed the aesthetic of Daniel's world. Each living space is increasingly tragic, with signs of the horror from times past spread everywhere. It's a place where happiness is all but lost. A society with stories to tell and a constant sense of dread. Trash covers the ground. Apartments are in complete disarray. There isn't a spot of cleanliness in this universe. The character models look like clay, however. Fortunately, most of them are seen through a screen.
There is often mention of middle-class people and areas. I would love for an expansion that explores these other places, as well as a clearer idea of what went on in the war. Observer brings with it a fascinating cyberpunk universe that we need more of.
By shunning typical horror and exposing the fears of the human mind, Bloober Team creates a genuinely disconcerting experience that will stay with you long past completion. Observer may only be a game, but the questions it poses push it beyond a little horror romp. It's a game not for the faint of heart, and one I suggest you go into knowing as little as possible.
This review is based on a review copy of Observer for the Xbox One provided by Bloober Team.
Seattle City Council member Kshama Sawant, right, looks on as Stephanie Sucasaca speaks at a May Day rally in Seattle. (Photo: Elaine Thompson, AP)
SEATTLE (AP) — A federal lawsuit filed Wednesday challenges Seattle's adoption of what would be the nation's highest minimum wage as unfair to small franchises.
The Seattle City Council voted unanimously this month to gradually raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. The plan gives businesses with more than 500 employees nationally at least three years to phase in the increase — four if they provide health insurance. Smaller employers get seven years.
In a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Seattle, the International Franchise Association, a Washington, D.C.-based business group, said the ordinance "unfairly and irrationally discriminates against interstate commerce generally, and small businesses that operate under the franchise business model specifically."
For example, an independently owned Holiday Inn Express in Seattle with 28 workers is considered a "large" business under the law, because Holiday Inn franchises nationally have more than 500 workers, the lawsuit argues. Meanwhile, other Seattle companies with up to 500 workers are considered "small" and given extra time to adopt the wage.
"The ordinance will impose significantly higher labor costs on small franchisees than on their non-franchised competitors," it said. "It is foreseeable that some small franchisees in Seattle will not survive this prolonged period of unfair competition."
But Seattle Mayor Ed Murray rejected any assertion of unfairness, saying that the franchises have advantages unavailable to other local businesses. For example, fast food franchises have menus, a supply chain, training and advertising provided by national corporate entities, he noted.
If the $15-an-hour wage floor challenges franchise owners, they should take that up with those national corporations, he said.
"I don't doubt at all that they are working under some pretty tight conditions, but I think it's a conversation to have with some of the people who have decided to spend oodles of money on lawyers," Murray said in a statement emailed by his office.
The complaint, signed by former U.S. Solicitor General Paul Clement, alleges a slew of legal shortcomings with the minimum wage measure, from incompatibility with federal trademark law to violations of the state and federal constitutions.
Among the arguments:
—By increasing the costs for franchises associated with out-of-state companies, the law discourages those companies from doing business in Seattle, thus violating the commerce clause of the U.S. Constitution, which reserves for Congress the regulation of interstate commerce.
—By treating independently owned franchises differently from local companies of similar size, the law violates the rights of the franchises to equal treatment under the law.
—By imposing higher costs on franchises, the law makes it difficult for the out-of-state companies that own the franchise trademarks to maintain the quality of those trademarks, in violation of federal law.
The plaintiffs include Seattle franchise owners of AlphaGraphics, a printing company; BrightStar Care, a home-care company; Comfort Inn; and Holiday Inn Express.
Seattle's decision to raise the minimum wage was kick-started by last fall's election of Socialist City Councilwoman Kshama Sawant, who had called for a raise to $15 an hour to improve the plight of low-income workers. Supporters have celebrated their victory this month by calling for a national movement to close income and opportunity gaps between rich and poor.
San Francisco has the nation's highest hourly minimum wage at $10.74. Voters there will decide in November whether to raise the city's minimum wage to $15 an hour in 2018.
The minimum wage in Washington state is $9.32 an hour.
Earlier this year, Minnesota raised the state's guaranteed wage by more than $3, to $9.50, by 2016. California, Connecticut and Maryland also have passed laws increasing their respective wages to $10 or more in coming years.
___
Follow Johnson at https://twitter.com/GeneAPseattle
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1hJQTiQ
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved A file photo of Steven Avery in court (Courtesy: WBAY.com
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved A file photo of Steven Avery in court (Courtesy: WBAY.com
24 Hour News 8 web staff - GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) -- Get your tickets to join in a conversation with two lawyers featured in the Netflix docu-series "Making a Murderer" coming to Grand Rapids.
Attorneys Dean Strang and Jerry Buting will participate in a moderated discussion regarding the systematic failures of the criminal justice system and the broader implications of the Steven Avery case at DeVos Performance Hall on Sunday, March 20 starting at 7 p.m.
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved
Strang is best known for work as one of Steven Avery's trial lawyers. Buting has defended citizens accused in many high-profile trial cases, including the Avery case.
Tickets for will go on sale at 12 p.m. on Monday, Feb. 1. Prices range from $29.50 to $59.50. They will be available at the DeVos Place and Van Andel Arena box offices, all Ticketmaster ticket centers, ticketmaster.com and by phone at 1.800.745.3000.
Political analysts watching the Obama administration's pullback from the environmental agenda this past month say that in the current climate there is little chance that environmentalists or their allies will ever side with the Republicans. After all, the Republican-led House of Representatives has been aggressively moving to curtail protections for endangered species and regulations for clean air and water, and most of the Republican presidential candidates have been intensely critical of any government effort to address climate change.
Still, they say, the president could face political repercussions in subtler but nevertheless corrosive ways: from losing volunteer enthusiasm to tying up his allies in fights with him instead of with his enemies.
“Energy from part of the base will now be directed at communicating with the White House and not with the public about the administration's record,” said Daniel J. Weiss, director of climate strategy at the Center for American Progress, a liberal research group with close ties to the White House.
Photo
And Justin Ruben, executive director of MoveOn.org, a five-million-member online progressive political organization that played a significant role in President Obama's election in 2008, said he was sure that his members would be deflated.
“How are our members in Ohio and Florida who pounded the pavement in 2008 going to make the case for why this election matters?” Mr. Ruben said. “Stuff like this is devastating to the hope and passion that fuels the volunteers that made the president's 2008 campaign so unique and successful.”
Anthony Leiserowitz, director of the Yale Project on Climate Change Communication, who does extensive work on public perception and the environment, said the real threat to the president's reputation stemming from the ozone decision went far beyond environmentalists.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“It could play into an emerging narrative in his own party that he is caving too quickly to Republican pressure,” Dr. Leiserowitz said. “It is a dangerous narrative in your own base because it cuts down on enthusiasm and it is a narrative that his opponents will pick up on.”
In fact, it is a lesson that some environmental groups have already learned, and they are preparing to act accordingly.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I think that two-plus years into Obama's presidency is more than enough time for him to have established a clear weak record,” said Kierán Suckling, executive director of the Center for Biological Diversity, which has been battling the president on endangered species.
“The environmental movement needs to keep piling the pressure on and realizing playing nicey-nice won't work,” Mr. Suckling said, adding that more public actions and lawsuits are the way to get Mr. Obama's attention.
His is not the only group going this way, but so far it is unclear that protests are being heard.
All last week across the street from the White House, Bill McKibben, a founder of 350.org, a grass-roots organization that advocates limiting carbon emissions, staged demonstrations to protest the Keystone XL pipeline, which would bring the tar sands oil from Canada.
As of Friday, Mr. McKibben said, more than a thousand people had been arrested in the previous days of protest, including Obama campaign staff members from 2008. Yet, he said of the White House, “we heard not one word from them.”
One of those former campaign workers who was arrested was Courtney Hight, who was the youth vote director in Florida in 2008. She offered an explicit warning: “If the president decides not to permit the pipeline, he will reignite the enthusiasm many of my friends and I felt in 2008. But if he approves it, it is just human nature that the disappointment will sap the enthusiasm that drove us to work so hard last time.”
The Edinburgh Graduate Recruitment Fair is a great chance to find out about a range of jobs, courses, voluntary and travel opportunities open to you after graduation.
Graduate Recruitment Fair Tuesday 26 May 2015, 11.00am Tuesday 26 May 2015, 4.00pm Pleasance Sports Hall, University of Edinburgh, EH8 9TJ Pleasance Sports Hall
The exhibitors attending are eager to recruit Edinburgh students for opportunities starting this year.
Students and graduates of any university are welcome to attend. There is no need to pre-register - all visitors sign in at the door. University of Edinburgh students should bring their matriculation cards which will be swiped on entry.
What's on
There will be around 50 different companies, postgraduate institutions and voluntary/charitable organisations at the event.
Careers advisers will be on hand to offer guidance on your next steps, as well as feedback on your CV.
Full details of the day's events and information about the exhibitors is available from MyCareerHub.
Online Fair: 27th - 29th May
Can't make it to the fair? Then take part in our brand new virtual fair which allows you to explore the opportunities available and participate in one of our career webinars.
Editor's note: This is a guest post by Lucy Steigerwald. She is a contributing editor for AntiWar.com and a columnist for VICE and Rare.
On Thursday afternoon at around 1 p.m., King Solomon Baker, Jr. of Kissimmee, Florida was awakened in a very unpleasant manner, thanks to a mistake by the local police department. As Baker, 29, wrote in a Facebook chat with me, “They woke me by breaking the glass. I jump out of my sleep. Once I realize it was the SWAT, not a burglar, I lay face down — that's when they place their feet on me while I was on the ground!!!”
He also wrote that all he could think about was what if his two- and three-year-old daughters had been with him, like they usually are. It was a narcotics raid, but it was the wrong apartment. About two dozen officers were present including the SWAT team and members of the street crimes unit, as well as crisis negotiators. From WFTV Orlando:
“I hear, ‘boom, boom, boom,' two to three times,” said Baker. […] “It scared me. I was asleep. You know, it really scares me, bothers me,” said Baker. “When I told them my name and they were like, ‘Oh (expletive), we have the wrong house,'” said Baker. Kissimmee officials told Channel 9's Ryan Hughes that they messed up. “Unfortunately a huge mistake was made and our SWAT team went into the adjacent apartment,” said Stacie Miller, with the Kissimmee Police Department.
Police blamed the mistake on their informant, according to WFTV. Miller, who is the media spokesperson for Kissimmee, said she couldn't speak to that information and that it had not been released by them. She clarified to me that police were indeed supposed to go to Apartment B, across the hall, and ended up busting into Apartment A instead.
Now, anyone who has studied ill-advised SWAT raids — wrong-door and otherwise — like this might see a big, flashing “Could Have Been Worse” sign. Kissimmee police broke windows and part of Baker's front door, but they “quickly repaired” it. Miller said that indeed meant that Baker's door and windows had already been replaced. Baker backed this up. They even bought Baker a hotel room for the night which was, Miller told me “the least we could do.” But Baker, who says he works three jobs, is unhappy about police presence making him look bad, and the fact that he had to wake up with a firearm in his face. Elaborating on their policy, Miller said her department always has crisis negotiators outside who say it is police who are at the door. Police then knock and announce as well. The Kissimmee Police Department has deployed SWAT units around 20 times this year, the majority of which were over drug warrants. In order to decide whether to use SWAT, Kissimmee has “a scoring system” where police look at who is supposed to be in the house, whether there are reports of a weapon, whether the resident has an arrest record, and how many times undercover officers or informants have bought drugs from them. Promisingly, department policy is to never deploy a no-knock raid. There is, however, no policy on how long police wait, or how many times they knock before they enter an apartment.
But the lack of a no-knock raid did little good since Baker was asleep. SWAT raids of any kind can endanger sleeping persons, who may confuse police for intruders, either leading to them firing their weapons and/or potentially having police fire on them.
Who tipped off police to the drugs in this apartment is still unknown, as is who made the address error. Miller said that the department has used confidential informants in the past. That doesn't bode well. Potentially, police may have trusted the word of an informant whose reliability is completely unknown to the public (or to Baker — or to the residents of Apartment B, who were arrested, though Miller said she didn't know if drugs were found or not.)
Fundamentally, we should congratulate the Kissimmee Police Department (with some caveats) for using “knock and announce” tactics for sending police in the afternoon (not the middle of the night or early morning) and for realizing their error relatively quickly. They get extra credit for apologizing, and for repairing the damage they caused — and for even getting Baker a hotel room. But they don't get congratulated for following the status quo policing error of deploying ill-advised SWAT raids over narcotics.
In many ways, Kissimmee is responding admirably to their error. Until the war on drugs entirely ends, perhaps all we can hope for is to have a police department polite enough to fix the door they just broke, and to apologize for terrifying an innocent man who was napping. Miller stressed that “the safety of the citizens and our officers” (yes, in that order!) are the highest priority. She also assured me that the raid was being internally investigated, and that “we are going to be the first ones to own up to it and say ‘yes, it was a mistake.' It gives us an opportunity to stop, look, and if we need to change policy because of this, we absolutely will.”
It certainly appears that Kissimmee is taking this error seriously. They apologized, but King Baker is still unhappy, and it's hard to blame him for being upset and jumpy, which made him unable to sleep last night. He writes, “I don't have anything against the police, but now I'm in fear of them more so than feeling protected with them around.”
Share. You won't be in my heart. You won't be in my heart.
Edgar Rice Burroughs' Lord of the Apes swings back onto the big screen in The Legend of Tarzan , an out-of-touch adventure epic that's also a misguided foray into historical fiction. It's not as ridiculous a misfire as its trailers suggested, but The Legend of Tarzan's biggest saving grace of not being as bad you expected isn't saying much for a film directed by acclaimed Harry Potter filmmaker David Yates.
The film's plot is basically just a few set-pieces with origin/backstory flashbacks interspersed detailing how the orphaned baby aristocrat John Clayton (played as an adult by Alexander Skarsgard) was found and raised by African apes after his shipwrecked parents died. The movie starts in 1890, years after John has been found and reassimilated into English aristocracy as the Earl of Greystoke. John and his wife Jane (Margot Robbie) now live in England and have not been back to Africa in almost a decade. Their adventures together there years ago are now the stuff of dime novels. Yes, "Tarzan" is a celebrity, a blue-blooded novelty and the stuff of, well, legend. But political machinations in the Congo draw John back there ... and into becoming Tarzan once again.
This is where The Legend of Tarzan delves into the realm of historical fiction as its main plot line is set against the backdrop of the very real, very horrifying Belgian genocide in the Congo. Two real historical figures -- George Washington Williams (Samuel L. Jackson) and Léon Rom (Christoph Waltz) -- are major characters here. Williams is an African-American veteran of America's Civil War who the US sends to King Leopold II's Congo Free State to investigate reports of slavery there. He accompanies Lord Clayton, who is invited as a British trade delegate. They then walk into an elaborate trap set by Belgian officer and murderous racist Captain Rom.
The Belgians are spending a fortune on their rubber operations there and so they seek a legendary cache of diamonds in the tribal territory of Chief Mbonga (Djimon Hounsou) to replenish their coffers. Mbonga agrees to let the Belgians have the diamonds in exchange for them coaxing his old nemesis Tarzan back home so he can finally kill him. It's actually a far more convoluted scheme than that -- also involving British mercenaries and payment deadlines -- but that's the gist.
This elaborate scheme is the framework on which a very thin plot rests. John gets the call home, returns, Jane is kidnapped, he chases after her, a big action finale, the end. That's really it. Peppered in-between this boom-boom-boom series of events are John and Jane's flashbacks to how they met in their youth. Jane, an American whose father taught English to African villagers, considers herself African and is fluent in the local dialect and customs. This particular tribe loves Tarzan and Jane and treat them like family. We know this because they spend every scene with them smiling and hugging and overall just marveling at how lovely these two beautiful white folks are.
The issue of race and the "great white savior" of it all is inescapable here, an antiquated and offensive trope that begs the question of why modern audiences would want to see let alone embrace a film that traffics in it. The Legend of Tarzan dances around it all as delicately as it can, depicting Tarzan and Jane as seeing themselves as native to Africa as the locals, but at the end of the day it's still about a legendary white man out to save black people (and from white colonialism, no less). The Belgian-led holocaust in the Congo is essentially reduced to a backdrop in a live-action cartoon. The African characters aren't entirely without agency here, but this is Tarzan's show so guess who ends up the hero.
You can't help but leave the film suspecting the screenwriters really wanted to just tell a straightforward story about the Belgian atrocities in the Congo and the only way they could get that film made was by sticking Tarzan in it.
Director David Yates was smart to simply keep John/Tarzan a man of few words and let Skarsgard's physicality do the talking if you will. (The film cleverly makes Tarzan's hands and knuckles overdeveloped due to him growing up walking on all fours like an ape.) Robbie is miscast as Jane, proving a distracting, contemporary-feeling presence in a period piece. Jackson and Waltz both phone it in here. Waltz offers up his latest slimy, mumbling, Euro-creep villain, while Jackson's dialogue is at times anachronistic and too buddy movie-ish when he interacts with Tarzan.
Tarzan's near-psychic bond with animals is depicted here, but the movie also shows that while he can clear a train car full of mercs with relative ease he is still only human and can indeed get his ass handed to him in a brawl with an angry ape. Speaking of the apes, the visual effects for them are terrible, given the stellar VFX seen in the rebooted Planet of the Apes films and Peter Jackson's King Kong. The 1984 film Greystoke, a far better Tarzan movie than this in every regard, put men in ape suits and those still hold up better than the 21st century CGI employed here.
House Speaker Boehner and Senate Minority leader each claimed this week that higher taxes on the wealthy will cause the “job creators” to cut jobs and “hurt growth.” The Heritage Foundation makes specific claims about how this will happen. Let's take a look.
The Heritage Claim
The Heritage Foundation purchased a Twitter promotion that shows up if you look for the hashtag #my2k, which President Obama has asked people to use when tweeting about the $2,000 he claims the average middle-class person will pay in additional taxes if the portion of the Bush tax cuts that was for people below $250K expire. (Note – almost all of that will be paid by people approaching that $250K top end. Regular middle-class people won't pay anywhere near $2k in additional taxes.)
Heritage's Twitter promotion sends people to a Heritage post, 4 Reasons Warren Buffett Is Wrong on Tax Hikes. Heritage trots out the old “job creators” myth, saying wealthy people are the people who “create jobs” with their money, and won't hire people if they have to pay taxes. Here is one of Heritage's 4 claims:
According to Treasury figures, 1.2 million Americans who employ people are paying their taxes through the individual income tax, and they would be hit head-on. The amount that their taxes would go up could be roughly equivalent to one employee's salary, meaning that's one person they can't hire in the new year.
I heard about Heritage's claims from several major sources including Marketplace and the Newshour (repeated to their audiences without examining whether it made sense.) So I think it is worth examining.
Let's Dig Into This Claim
Let's take a closer look at this claim that the average “small businessperson” will not hire one person because of the additional tax.
Let's say the potential employee's salary is $25,000. If the Bush tax cuts expire the top rate goes up by 4.6% on income above $250K (after all deductions.) $25,000 is 4.6% of about $544,000. So the Heritage claim is that a businessperson who has an income from their business — after all personal deductions — of about $794,000 ($250,000 plus the 544,000 on which the additional tax would apply) “can't” hire a needed person.
(If the potential employee had made more, this employer's taxable income rises if the tax means the employer won't hire someone. If the employee that can't be hired makes $30,000 the employer has to have an income of $902,000 to pay that much additional tax.)
The Problems With The Claim
This claim relies on the reader not understanding how these taxes are calculated, why business hire and fire and how businesses make profits. Heritage bases the claim on the idea that a business-owner cold not hire someone they needed to make them around $800-900,000 after all deductions.
Businesses want to keep costs down and that means they don't hire people unless they really, really need to. They hire people when doing so will make them more money, they lay people off when it will save them money. Employees are only hired or kept on the payroll if they are needed, and not hiring one necessary person would therefore hurt the business that was successful enough for the owner to make at least $794,000 after all deductions.
So assuming the business owner knew what he or she was doing, and only had the number of employees that were needed, the following year the business would do worse without that needed employee, and the owner would make less. Would an employer really do this? Of course not.
Let me ask another question. How come every time I closely examine a conservative economic claim it falls apart, and was really about fooling people into giving more money to rich people, not making things better for all of us?
_______
*SPOILERS for the six issue Crossed +100 storyline*
Then the whole community of Israel set out from Elim and journeyed into the wilderness of Sin – Exodus 16
We all know what the post-apocalypse looks like. Landscapes of rusting cars and broken stretches of concrete, saturated with greys, or browns. There are plenty of movies, games and comics that have confirmed this – the future looks like a dirty puddle on the side of the road.
Gabriel Andrade's vision of a world emptied of civilization is strikingly different. His art in Crossed +100 features verdant green vegetation covering every surface; cloudless blue pristine sky; and richly coloured wild birds flying overhead.
Andrade and Digikore Studios present a post-apocalypse that looks positively Edenic.
Perhaps that was the first clear hint as to what Crossed +100 was really about.
Together Andrade and Alan Moore have refined the formula presented by creators Jacen Burrows and Garth Ennis in Crossed. The first issue of the original series has a line about the epidemic of viral sadism being documented on sites like Youtube, because it was simply another thing that people could not be shocked by.
The suggestion in the line ‘we were unshockable' is that the Crossed represent the levee of our desensitization to violence and cruelty finally breaking. It can also be read as Ennis's comment on how we tell horror stories now, with the emphasis on the spectacle of death and gore instead of morality, or meaning.
Crossed +100 corrects the course of the series back to that initial thematic concern and adds, what is the capacity of storytelling to survive the death of the future?
Future Taylor, the protagonist of this story, is an archivist with a passion for sci-fi novels, or what she calls ‘wishful fiction'. That in itself is a telling description. She recognizes that the books she reads were written by people who had the comfort of imagining many different tomorrows, some hopeful, some terrible. She dismisses the brutally descriptive prose of Cormac McCarthy's The Road by noting it is not sadistic enough to live up to the memory of Crossed survivors.
Each issue of the story in turn takes the lead from a different science fiction and fantasy author. Future reminiscing on her family's survival down through the years of the epidemic makes several nods to J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, as it is set in an invented mythological past for England.
Moore's introduction of ‘crunk', a past-time of young adolescents to dress and act like Crossed is not only a nod to the hysteria surrounding punk culture in the late 1970's, but echoes Tolkien's notes for a Lord of the Rings sequel where children would similarly dress and act like Orcs.
These references to Future's wishful fiction become increasingly explicit, creating a doubling effect. We are grounded in the story by inferring from the mentions of Heinlein or Walter M. Miller Jr an additional significance to the events.
We read Crossed +100 as fans of science fiction, a doubly passive act. Like Future Taylor, we are drawing associations between two points in time.
However, the Crossed are largely off-screen for much of this story. Not all the facts are being presented to Future or the reader.
When the Crossed do appear, they are shown to exist entirely in this ‘present'. Even their own archives – and as the story progresses we along with Future learn that they have founded a twisted form of civilization – are based on video.
Andrade crops the panel to the corners of a television screen or phone camera to show us what the Crossed see – and largely we are shown the infected observing the actions of other Crossed. Unlike preceding Crossed stories, Moore and Andrade leave much of what the infected psychopaths do to our imagination. What happens beyond the frame of the camera is more terrifying than anything in the Crossed stories that followed on from Ennis and Burrows's collaboration. However, hints that the infected are practicing a ritualised form of religion, to some unknown god of their own, point to a degree of sophistication previously not demonstrated by them.
The reveal of Crossed +100 is that this is a story about how the Crossed survived the ravages of the epidemic, not the uninfected humans. It is their mythology.
Beau Salt was a serial killer who on C Day discovered he was largely unchanged by the effects of the epidemic and the world has finally come round to how he has always seen it. He describes his plan to maintain a sustainable community of Crossed in a diary, which Future discovers only after his plot laid down a century before has come to full fruition.
Salt, in yet another nod to 20th century science fiction – in this instance Hari Seldon from Isaac Asimov's Foundation bearing a strong resemblance to the sadistic genius – has conceived a ‘psycho-history' of his own. He sets in motion a plan involving behavioural conditioning and a hidden base of Crossed to ensure the survival of the virus well into the next century. During this time a sufficient number of uninfected humans, left unmolested by Salt's Crossed, have become comfortable and unafraid. They are now placid enough to be bred like cattle.
Once the fate of Future's community is sealed, she mourns her inability to see the signs that led to this fresh atrocity. As an archivist, she was too busy looking backwards at the past. ‘Wishful fiction' blinkered her to what was happening in the world.
Future and her companions saw themselves as the torchbearers for a new age of mankind, but they discover they were actually pawns in an Exodus-tale of the Crossed.
Moore's script, from the pidgin English of the dialogue that confuses the meaning of words like ‘yeah', ‘sex', ‘fuck' to the repeated discussions of science fiction suggests that a book like Crossed exhausts the premise of survivalist and post-apocalypse fiction. That humanity as a concept would be eroded to the point that storytelling would become redundant, an affectation. It makes the likes of The Walking Dead look cynically repetitive and morally empty in its narrative.
Crossed was a rejoinder to the survivalist lone hero, self-interested egotism thriving in a world of horror. Andrade and Moore hammer home the point by pulling a switcheroo, telling a ‘survivalist' fable for the infected.
Taking its baby steps towards realising India's ambition to send humans into space, ISRO on Thursday successfully tested the atmospheric re-entry of a crew module after its heaviest launch vehicle GSLV Mk-III blasted off from here.
Successful launch of GSLV Mk-III is yet another triumph of brilliance & hardwork of our scientists. Congrats to them for the efforts. @isro — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 18, 2014
First experimental flight of LVM3 with CARE module successful. pic.twitter.com/1wp1ka0EIo — ISRO (@isro) December 18, 2014 Advertising
Exactly 5.4 minutes after lift off at 9.30 am from the Second Launch Pad of Satish Dhawan Space Centre here, the module separated from the rocket at an altitude of 126 km and re-entered Earth's atmosphere (about 80 km from sea level).
It descended in a ballistic mode and splashed down into the Bay of Bengal, some 180 km from Indira Point, the southern tip of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The LVM3-X flight with active S200 and L110 propulsion stages and a passive C25 stage with dummy engine, carried CARE (Crew Module Atmospheric Re-entry Experiment) as its payload.
Advertising
Weighing over three tonnes, the 2.7-metre tall cup cake shaped crew module with a diameter of 3.1 metres, which features aluminium alloy internal structure with composite panels and ablative thermal protection systems, was made to safely drop down into the sea by specially-made parachutes from Agra-based DRDO lab Aerial Delivery Research and Development Establishment.
LVM3 X / CARE Mission Update: Lift off normal. — ISRO (@isro) December 18, 2014
Night falls on 2nd launchpad at Sriharikota, revealing the LVM3 X launcher in all its grandeur. pic.twitter.com/GCSb3U7at8 — ISRO (@isro) December 17, 2014
The experiment also witnessed the largest parachute in action ever made in the country. The main parachute, which helped the crew module touch the waters at around 7 metre/second speed, was 31 metres in diameter.
Soon after the successful test flight, a delighted ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan said, “This was a very significant day in the history of Indian space programme for the development of the advanced launch vehicle that could carry a 4-tonne class of communication satellite into orbit.”
Test flight sequence of LVM3 X / CARE Mission. T- 5 minutes and counting. pic.twitter.com/ZwXWM6xaD3 — ISRO (@isro) December 18, 2014 Launch of LVM3 X / CARE Mission from Sriharikota. Live now on DD News. https://t.co/PSH8SDsXCl The crew module, which can carry up to two to three astronauts, withstood a heat of around 1,600 degree Celsius, while it travelled towards the surface of the Earth attracted by gravity. The module would be tracked by Indian Coast Guard ships and then taken to Kamarajar Port in Ennore near Chennai, from where it would be shited to Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre at Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala for further study. This experimental mission has helped ISRO with two primary lessons — to study the flight validation of the complex atmospheric flight regime of LVM3 vehicle and study the re-entry characteristics of CARE crew module. — ISRO (@isro) December 18, 2014
“India started the development process a decade ago and just now we completed the first experimental flight of the GSLV Mark III vehicle christened as LVM Mark III,” Radhakrishnan said from the Mission Control Centre.
“The performance of the two solid stages S200 as well as the liquid core stage L110 was as expected,” he said.
“We also had another experimental module in this mission that is the unmanned crew module test to understand the re-entry characteristics. That also worked extremely well and the crew module has splashed down as expected in Bay of Bengal,” he said.
Radhakrishnan thanked the entire team for making the project possible and added “with the completion of the development of the high thrust cryogenic engine which has progressed very well, we expect to come back with a developmental flight of this vehicle LVM-3 in another two years.”
This is the first time ISRO was carrying a payload weighing over three tonnes. The national space agency's first space recovery experiment (SRE-1) module, launched by a PSLV rocket in January 2007, weighed only 555 kg and that too was not a crew module.
Though it would take at least 10 years for India to send humans into space, this experiment has helped the space agency to test the module for safe return of humans from space, according to ISRO.
While the heavy duty cryogenic engine is still under development in one of the ISRO labs at Mahendragiri in Tamil Nadu, today's attempt was to primarily study the atmospheric performance of GSLV Mk III in the first two stages.
Once ISRO masters its GSLV Mk III, the country can save a massive amount of the foreign exchange it presently is spending to send its heavy communication satellites through other space agencies aboard.
The heavy launch vehicle would also help India earn considerable foreign exchange by sending heavy satellites for other countries, in addition to the revenue PSLV rockets are already securing for ISRO's commercial arm Antrix Corporation Limited.
This CARE module is expected to enhance ISRO's understanding on re-entry and parachute phases of crew module.
Advertising
The total budget of the experimental mission was Rs 155 crore, including the crew module, which cost Rs 15 crore.
LEAWOOD, Kan.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--AMC Theatres® (NYSE: AMC) (“AMC”) is celebrating the debut of AMC Stubs Insider by handing out free popcorn to its guests this Sunday. On July 31, all AMC Stubs members, existing and new, can receive one free large popcorn at all AMC locations nationwide.
To ensure it's ready for Free Popcorn Day, AMC plans to pop approximately 50 tons of popcorn, which means approximately 325 million kernels of popcorn could be going to AMC moviegoers for free this Sunday!
Not yet an AMC Stubs member? No problem. Guests can sign up on site at AMC locations for the new free program tier – AMC Stubs Insider – and receive their free popcorn on Sunday. All existing AMC Stubs members are automatically upgraded to AMC Stubs' new top tier – AMC Stubs Premiere, which allows guests to take advantage of more rewards, and allows them to earn rewards much faster.
“AMC Stubs Premiere continues to provide the best guest benefits in the industry, and AMC Stubs Insider ensures every AMC moviegoer can be rewarded each time they come to AMC,” said Stephen Colanero, executive vice president and Chief Marketing Officer, AMC. “This Sunday is the perfect opportunity for our guests to get out of the heat, sit back in a comfortable AMC theatre and see one of the many great new movies like JASON BOURNE and STAR TREK BEYOND or catch up on one you might have missed, like FINDING DORY, GHOSTBUSTERS, or THE SECRET LIFE OF PETS. No matter what you watch, you can enjoy some popcorn on us.”
Through AMC Stubs, every dollar spent at AMC earns points towards future purchases, and members receive a $5 reward for every 5,000 points earned. And that's not all. Here are some of the other great benefits of both AMC Stubs tiers:
AMC Stubs Insider
Free to join!
Free refill on large popcorn
Up to $2 off movie tickets on Tuesdays
20 points for every $1 spent
No online ticketing fees when purchasing at least four tickets per transaction
Birthday gift – Free large popcorn
Exclusive offers, screenings and more
AMC Stubs Premiere – all current AMC Stubs members are automatically upgraded to AMC Stubs Premiere for the duration of their membership
$15 per year
Free size upgrades on popcorn & soda
Premiere service at the box office & concession stand
Free refill on large popcorn
Up to $5 off movie tickets on Tuesdays
100 points for every $1 spent
No online ticketing fees
Birthday gift – free large popcorn and soda
Exclusive offers, screenings and more
More information about AMC Stubs Premiere and AMC Stubs access can be found at amctheatres.com/amcstubs. Moviegoers can contribute to and follow along with the conversation online using #AMCFreePopcornDay.
To find showtimes and purchase tickets to this weekend's movies, please visit www.amctheatres.com or the AMC Theatres app. Come in, sign up for AMC Stubs Insider or AMC Stubs Premiere, grab your popcorn, and enjoy the show!
About AMC Theatres
AMC (NYSE: AMC) is the guest experience leader with 385 locations and 5,380 screens located primarily in the United States. AMC has propelled innovation in the theatrical exhibition industry and continues today by delivering more comfort and convenience, enhanced food & beverage, greater engagement and loyalty, premium sight & sound, and targeted programming. AMC operates the most productive theatres in the country's top markets, including No. 1 market share in the top three markets (NY, LA, Chicago) http://www.amctheatres.com.
The leader of the largest Jewish group in North America has criticized Israel's policies toward Palestinians as “misguided.”
“Asking Jews around the world only to wave the flag of Israel and to support even the most misguided policies of its leaders drives a wedge between the Jewish soul and the Jewish state. It is beyond counterproductive,” Rabbi Rick Jacobs, president of the Union for Reform Judaism, said in a speech Thursday night at the union's biennial conference in the US city of Orlando, Florida.
The Rabbi said the Jewish community must not remain silent when hate-crime attacks kill innocent Palestinians in the occupied territories.
Jacobs also said that the reform movement “has long opposed Israeli settlement policy in the West Bank.”
“It causes pain and hardship for the Palestinians and alienates Israel from friends and allies around the world,” he added. “Only two states for two people, both states viable and secure, living side by side in peace, will bring the conflict to an end.”
The reform leader also condemned Israel's treatment of its minorities.
“Jews who see brokenness in the treatment of Israel's minorities, or in the way ultra-Orthodox views of Judaism are being enshrined in secular law, are being told that, when it comes to Israel, you should check your commitment to tikkun olam at the door; we will not,” Jacobs said.
Tikkun olam is a Jewish concept characterized by acts of kindness performed to repair the world. The Reform leader said it also applies to repairing Israel.
“Many Jews, especially younger ones, feel that Israel has become too intolerant not just of Arab citizens of Israel, but also of non-Orthodox Jews, Ethiopian Jews…,” he noted.
Israeli soldiers and settlers gather around the body of a Palestinian man at the Jewish settlement of Beit Hadassah in the center of the Israeli-occupied city of Hebron, on October 29, 2015. (AFP photo)
Tensions have been running especially high since August when the Israeli regime imposed restrictions on the entry of some Palestinians into the al-Aqsa Mosque in East al-Quds (Jerusalem)--the third holiest site in Islam.
According to the latest figures by the Palestinian Health Ministry, at least 76 Palestinians, including 17 children, have lost their lives at the hands of Israeli forces since the beginning of October.
More than half a million Israelis live in over 120 illegal settlements built since Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and East al-Quds in 1967.
Slavoj Zizek fans and haters can finally agree on something: he probably doesn't like any of you.
Zizek has always been vocal about his general disdain for students and humanity writ large. He once admitted in 2008 that seeing stupid people happy makes him depressed, before describing teaching as the worst job he has ever had.
“I hate students,” he said, “they are (as all people) mostly stupid and boring.”
In a recent interview at this year's Zizek Conference in Ohio, Zizek talked about his personal life before delving into his thoughts on teaching.
“I hate giving classes,” Zizek said, citing office hours and grading papers as his two biggest peeves.
“I did teach a class here [at the University of Cincinnati] and all of the grading was pure bluff,” he continues. “I even told students at the New School for example… if you don't give me any of your shitty papers, you get an A. If you give me a paper I may read it and not like it and you can get a lower grade.” He received no papers that semester.
But it's office hours that are the main reason he does not want to teach.
“I can't imagine a worse experience than some idiot comes there and starts to ask you questions, which is still tolerable. The problem is that here in the United States students tend to be so open that sooner or later, if you're kind to them, they even start to ask you personal questions [about] private problems… What should I tell them?”
“I don't care,” he continued. “Kill yourself. It's not my problem,”
On a personal note, I was once told at the New School by a senior faculty member that Zizek would fill up his sign-up sheet for office hours with fake names to avoid student contact. I still wonder if that story is true, but now it doesn't seem so out of character.
Watch the interview here.
The federal government and big companies want limitless new powers to spy on you.
And they plan to get them via legislation called CISPA — the "Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act" (HR 3523).
CISPA would give Big Brother new powers to read, watch and listen to everything we do on the Internet. The folks behind CISPA claim that national security interests make this surveillance necessary, but the bill's language is so vague and overreaching that it opens the door for rampant abuse of our online rights:
CISPA would allow companies and the government to bypass privacy protections and spy on your email traffic, comb through your text messages, filter your online content and even block access to popular websites.
CISPA would permit companies to give the government your Facebook data, Twitter history and cellphone contacts. It would also allow the government to search your email using the vaguest of justifications — and without any real legal oversight.
CISPA contains sweeping language that could be used as a blunt weapon to silence whistleblower websites like WikiLeaks and the news organizations that publish their revelations.
CISPA would create an environment in which we refrain from speaking freely online for fear that the National Security Agency — the same agency that has conducted "warrantless wiretapping" online for years — could come knocking.
CISPA could lead all too easily to governmental and corporate attacks on our right to speak freely online. And while there is a real need to protect vital national interests from cyberattacks, we can't do it at the expense of our freedoms.
The House plans to bring HR 3523 to a vote in the coming weeks. Take action right now. Tell your member of Congress to vote no on CISPA and stop this bill in its tracks.
RIMOUSKI, Que. – It is not necessary to spend taxpayer money on bringing an NHL team back to Quebec City, Parti Quebecois Leader and controlling shareholder of Quebecor Inc., Pierre Karl Peladeau, said Wednesday.
The Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec, the province's pension fund manager, however, could invest in a future team, said Peladeau, whose company officially submitted a bid in July for an NHL expansion franchise.
“If the Caisse is asked and it considers that it could be a good thing, then it'll be up to the fund's managers to decide,” Peladeau told reporters in Rimouski, Que. “It's not me who will make the decision.”
Quebecor manages and owns the naming rights for Quebec City's new, publicly funded 18,259-seat Videotron Arena.
Las Vegas and Quebec City were the only expansion applicants to have their bids accepted by the NHL earlier this year. Both advanced to the third formal stage to land NHL expansion franchises.
The NHL isn't expected to expand until 2017-18 at the earliest.
Peladeau added Wednesday that the investment fund tied to the province's largest labour federation could also be a potential investor in bringing back an NHL team.
A Quebecor spokesman confirmed Wednesday the company hasn't solicited the Quebec government for help in financing a future team.
“We have had no discussion with government representatives regarding the NHL expansion process,” said Martin Tremblay.
Tremblay added Quebecor hasn't contacted any private firms for financing, either.
“Quebecor is the only promoter in the application for NHL candidacy,” he said.
Lil Wayne‘s personal health therapist, Karlee Fain, has revealed 7 health secrets that he loves and uses every day. This is a cool read as Karlee tells some interesting stories, such as how she has seen people from Weezy‘s entourage get left behind if they are not ready when he is ready to travel.
During these health secrets, Karlee explains how Tunechi gets in the zone before one of his shows, drinks a lot of water, people who know him know not to cross his boundaries even though he is a kind person, what his diet is like, how he has breaks from his work, helping other people, and working out his body with skateboarding.
You can read all of these health secrets after the jump below. Don't forget that Karlee Fain released her “The Grocery Store Adventure Guide” book back in summer 2014 too!
1) He gets in the zone.
As we pull into every venue you can expect to hear the same playlist come on over the tour bus sound system. The pre-game ritual has begun.
The music gets mellow, his entourage clears out of the way and Wayne gets into the zone. Like a boxer going into the ring, his mind become focused on the present moment.
Distractions fade, he is dedicating all of his energy to one single task – giving the best performance of his life.
This ritual is uniquely his, and it's ability to focus him is exactly why you see him blast onto the stage at the peak of energy.
Developing your own daily ritual is key too. Give yourself focus by saying no to distractions in order to say yes to your very own passionate progress.
2) He drinks more H20 than ever before.
Sound simple? Yep. Works wonders? You bet your ass it does!
Not drinking enough water is one of the biggest problems people have.
Being dehydrated makes you tired, foggy headed, skin breaks out, headaches and muscle pain happen AND your body actually begins to release stress hormones – making you more likely to feel stress or anxiety.
My motto: Drink up to turn up.
How much should you drink? Quick tip: Divide your body weight in half, and that is the amount of ounces you should drink a day. (Ex. if you weigh 200lbs you would need 100oz of H2O a day) If you sweat or work out drink even more.
3) He uses the b-word. I'm talkin' boundaries baby!
Sorry Wayne, I”m about to blow your cover – the truth is that Lil Wayne is one of the kindest people on the planet.
That said, anyone who knows him knows that crossing his boundaries isn't going to work out.
Let me give you an example. The plane leaves when he gets there.
When Wayne boards his jet, the door shuts and the pilots start the engine.
I've seen just about everyone in his entourage be left behind if they are late.
His boundary is – get to the plane on time or you will miss it.
Sitting on a hot grounded plane is no fun, and at his level is a huge waste of one of his most valuable assets – time.
If he waited for every late comer he would be pouring his valuable time down the drain.
You do not need to have a private jet to have the courage to do what works for you.
4) He eats green.
Don't get me wrong, if you compared my organic vegan lunch to Wayne's you'll see a big difference – he loves to poke fun at my green juice and almond snacks.
But with his home cooked New Orleans style meals he does eat his favorite veggies, broccoli is his go-to green eat.
And that's all you need to do too. You don't need to give up what you love to eat, just upgrade your favorite foods.
Add some broccoli to your pasta, spinach to your sandwich, or berries on your cereal.
A few sneaky nutrients with your meal does wonders.
5) He plays.
Einstein said it best, “Play is the highest form of research”.
What do Einstein and Lil Wayne have in common?
They both know the value of having a good time.
It's easy to loose sight of the fact that most of us are working for a living.
Meaning, we are working to live a life of our own choosing. Not living to work!
Lil Wayne understands this and attends every pro-sports game he wants.
He skates boards and is the most likely person to be crack'n jokes and playing pranks with his friends.
Taking a breather from your work long enough to enjoy yourself gives you the mental space to actually be more productive when you get back to business.
That mental vacation breaks patterns and lets you problem-solve in new creative ways.
6) He uses his body and stretches it too.
Are you going to find Wayne in a yoga class this week? Nope. (The first time I tried teaching him yoga he brought his blackberry and iphone with him to this mat, ha!)
But skate boarding, that is his thing.
It works out his body while at the same time gives him a mental vacation from work.
Have you tried flipping a skateboard over 5 stairs – trust me, it's the only thing he's thinking about in that moment.
And before he hops on the board or on stage he stretches for a few minutes.
Regular stretching has helped him avoid many injuries and the common aches and pains from sitting or standing for long sessions in the studio.
You don't have to hit the gym or do yoga to get started.
But do you use your body each day? Put on your favorite music and dance for 10mins. Go for a couple walks around the block. Take the stairs instead of the elevator, you get the idea 😉
And for goodness sake, stand up at least once per hour and stretch, in addition to preventing injuries, this moves lymph fluid which boosts your immune system too.
7) He pays it forward
Studies have shown that people who feel connected to others live longer happier lives.
Lil Wayne does exactly that.
Every time he mentors a new artist he is saving them incredible time and energy, teaching them everything he had to learn the hard way.
Good news: you don't need to be wealthy to help others.
Call a friend who is going through a tough time and just listen. Help your neighbor take out the trash. Grab your coworker a glass of water next time you get one for yourself – that's two birds with one stone 😉
On 9-13-2017, 1445 hours, Redding Fire Department, CHP Air-Operations and the Shasta County Sheriff's Office Boating Safety Unit were dispatched to a river rescue in the main channel of the Sacramento River, southeast of Kutras Lake (Park Marina boat launch). Victim Frankie Grogan (58 years), of Colorado, her dog and her paddleboard were stuck on an island in the main channel. Redding Fire Department personnel were able to locate and communicate with Grogan. Deputies launched a patrol boat and were able to locate Grogan within minutes. Grogan was safe and unhurt. Grogan and her dog were transported back to the Park Marina boat ramp.
Grogan had been paddleboarding with her dog on Kutras Lake. Grogan did not have a life jacket, but Grogan's dog was wearing a life jacket. Grogan paddled to the north and unknowingly exited Kutras Lake. Grogan got into the main channel of the Sacramento River but was not able to handle the rough water with the current. Grogan was able to make it to an island, but Grogan was not confident in her ability to make it to shore. Grogan called out to people on Redcliff Drive to call for help.
Grogan was issued a citation for not having a life jacket aboard a paddleboard. The Shasta County Sheriff's Office wants to remind recreational paddleboarders that they are required to have a life jacket onboard while on the water and recommend a life jacket be worn while on the river.
On October 25, 1999, a chartered Learjet 35 was scheduled to fly from Orlando, Florida, to Dallas, Texas. Early in the flight, the aircraft, which was climbing to its assigned altitude on autopilot, quickly lost cabin pressure and all six on board were incapacitated due to hypoxia – a lack of oxygen. The aircraft continued climbing past its assigned altitude, then failed to make the westward turn toward Dallas over north Florida and continued on its northwestern course, flying over the southern and midwestern United States for almost four hours and 1,500 miles (2,400 km). The plane ran out of fuel over South Dakota and crashed into a field near Aberdeen after an uncontrolled descent.[1] The two pilots were Michael Kling and Stephanie Bellegarrigue. The four passengers on board were PGA golfer Payne Stewart; his agents, Van Ardan and Robert Fraley; and Bruce Borland, a golf architect with the Jack Nicklaus golf course design company.
Flight chronology [ edit ]
Note: all times are presented in 24-hour, military format. Because the flight took place in both the Eastern time zone – Eastern Daylight Time (EDT) – and the Central Time zone – Central Daylight Time (CDT) – all times are given in this article in Coordinated Universal Time (which is indicated by the time followed by the letter Z)
Departure [ edit ]
Projected (in green) and actual (in red) ground track of N47BA from departure in Orlando to Dallas and to crash site in South Dakota.
On October 25, 1999, Learjet 35, registration N47BA,[2] operated by Sunjet Aviation of Sanford, Florida, departed Orlando International Airport (IATA: MCO, ICAO: KMCO) at 1319Z (0919 EDT) on a two-day, five-flight trip. Before departure, the aircraft had been fueled with 5,300 lb (2,400 kg) of Jet A, enough for 4 hours and 45 minutes of flight. On board were two pilots and four passengers.[1]
At 1327:13Z, the controller from the Jacksonville ARTCC instructed the pilot to climb and maintain flight level (FL) 390 (39,000 feet (11,900 m) above sea level). At 1327:18Z (0927:18 EDT), the pilot acknowledged the clearance by stating, "three nine zero bravo alpha." This was the last known radio transmission from the airplane, and occurred while the aircraft was passing through 23,000 feet (7,000 m). The next attempt to contact the aircraft occurred six minutes, 20 seconds later (14 minutes after departure), with the aircraft at 36,500 feet (11,100 m), and the controller's message went unacknowledged. The controller attempted to contact N47BA five more times in the next ​4 1⁄ 2 minutes, again with no answer.[1]
First interception [ edit ]
About 1454Z (now 0954 CDT due to the flight's crossing into the Central Time zone), a U.S. Air Force F-16 test pilot from the 40th Flight Test Squadron at Eglin AFB in western Florida, who happened to be in the air nearby, was directed by controllers to intercept N47BA. When the fighter was about 2,000 feet (600 m) from the Learjet, at an altitude of about 46,400 feet (14,100 m), the test pilot made two radio calls to N47BA but did not receive a response. The F-16 pilot made a visual inspection of the Lear, finding no visible damage to the airplane. Both engines were running, and the plane's red rotating anti-collision beacon was on (standard operation for aircraft in flight). The fighter pilot could not see inside the passenger section of the airplane because the windows seemed to be dark. Further, he stated that the entire right cockpit windshield was opaque, as if condensation or ice covered the inside. He also indicated that the left cockpit windshield was opaque, although several sections of the center of the windshield seemed to be only thinly covered by condensation or ice; a small rectangular section of the windshield was clear, with only a small section of the glare shield visible through this area. He did not see any flight control movement. At about 1512Z, the F-16 pilot concluded his inspection of N47BA and broke formation, proceeding to Scott AFB in southwestern Illinois.[1]
Second interception [ edit ]
At 1613Z, almost three hours into the flight of the unresponsive Learjet, two F-16s from the 138th Fighter Wing of the Oklahoma Air National Guard (ANG), flying under the call-sign "TULSA 13 flight", were directed by the Minneapolis ARTCC to intercept. The TULSA 13 lead pilot reported that he could not see any movement in the cockpit, that the windshield was dark and that he could not tell if the windshield was iced. A few minutes later, a TULSA 13 pilot reported, "We're not seeing anything inside, could be just a dark cockpit though...he is not reacting, moving or anything like that he should be able to have seen us by now." At 1639Z, TULSA 13 left to rendezvous with a tanker for refueling.[1]
The aircraft reached a maximum altitude of 48,900 feet (9.3 mi; 14.9 km).[1][3]
Third interception and escort [ edit ]
About 1650Z, two F-16s from the 119th Wing of the North Dakota ANG with the identification "NODAK 32 flight" were directed to intercept N47BA. TULSA 13 flight also returned from refueling, and all four fighters maneuvered close to the Lear. The TULSA 13 lead pilot reported, "We've got two visuals on it. It's looking like the cockpit window is iced over and there's no displacement in any of the control surfaces as far as the ailerons or trims." About 1701Z, TULSA 13 flight returned to the tanker again, while NODAK 32 remained with N47BA.[1]
There was some speculation in the media that military jets were prepared to shoot down the Lear if it threatened to crash in a heavily populated area.[citation needed] Officials at the Pentagon strongly denied that possibility. Shooting down the plane "was never an option," Air Force spokesman Captain Joe Della Vedova said, "I don't know where that came from."[4]
Crash [ edit ]
The Learjet's cockpit voice recorder (CVR), which was recovered from the wreckage, contained an audio recording of the last 30 minutes of the flight (it was an older model which only recorded 30 minutes of audio; the aircraft was not equipped with a flight data recorder). At 1710:41Z, the Learjet's engines can be heard winding down, indicating that the plane's fuel had been exhausted. In addition, sounds of the stick shaker and the disconnection of the autopilot can be heard. With the engines powered down, the autopilot would have attempted to maintain altitude, causing the plane's airspeed to drop until it approached stall speed, at which point the stick shaker would have automatically engaged to warn the pilot and the autopilot would have switched itself off.[1]
At 1711:01Z, the Lear began a right turn and descent. NODAK 32 remained to the west, while TULSA 13 broke away from the tanker and followed N47BA down. At 1711:26 CDT, the NODAK 32 lead pilot reported, "The target is descending and he is doing multiple aileron rolls, looks like he's out of control...in a severe descent, request an emergency descent to follow target." The TULSA 13 pilot reported, "It's soon to impact the ground; he is in a descending spiral."[1] The fighter planes were forced to break off their pursuit at this point and had to land at local airports, having reached the limit of their endurance.[citation needed]
Impact occurred approximately 1713Z, or 1213 local, after a total flight time of 3 hours, 54 minutes, with the aircraft hitting the ground at a nearly supersonic speed and an extreme angle.[5] The Learjet crashed in South Dakota, just outside Mina in Edmunds County, on relatively flat ground and left a crater 42 feet (13 m) long, 21 feet (6.4 m) wide, and 8 feet (2.4 m) deep. None of its components remained intact.[1]
Passengers and crew [ edit ]
In addition to Payne Stewart and three others, there were two pilots on board:
The 42-year-old captain, Michael Kling, held an airline transport pilot certificate and type ratings for the Boeing 707, Boeing 737, and Learjet 35. He also had Air Force experience flying the KC-135 and Boeing E-3 Sentry. Kling was also an instructor pilot on the KC-135E in the Maine Air National Guard. According to Sunjet Aviation records, the captain had accumulated a total of 4,280 hours of flight time (military and commercial) and had flown a total of 60 hours with Sunjet, 38 as a Learjet pilot-in-command and 22 as a Learjet second-in-command.[1]
The first officer, 27-year-old Stephanie Bellegarrigue, held a commercial pilot certificate and type ratings for Learjet and Cessna Citation 500. She was also a certified flight instructor. She had accumulated a total of 1,751 hours of flight time, of which 251 hours were with Sunjet Aviation as a second-in-command and 99 as a Learjet second-in-command.[1]
Investigation [ edit ]
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) has several levels of investigation, of which the highest is a "major" investigation. Because of the extraordinary circumstances in this crash, a major investigation was performed.[6]
The NTSB determined that:
The probable cause of this accident was incapacitation of the flight crew members as a result of their failure to receive supplemental oxygen following a loss of cabin pressurization, for undetermined reasons.
The Board added a commentary regarding the possible reasons why the crew did not obtain supplemental oxygen:
Following the depressurization, the pilots did not receive supplemental oxygen in sufficient time and/or adequate concentration to avoid hypoxia and incapacitation. The wreckage indicated that the oxygen bottle pressure regulator/shutoff valve was open on the accident flight. Further, although one flight crew mask hose connector was found in the wreckage disconnected from its valve receptacle (the other connector was not recovered), damage to the recovered connector and both receptacles was consistent with both flight crew masks having been connected to the airplane's oxygen supply lines at the time of impact. In addition, both flight crew mask microphones were found plugged into their respective crew microphone jacks. Therefore, assuming the oxygen bottle contained an adequate supply of oxygen, supplemental oxygen should have been available to both pilots' oxygen masks. [A] possible explanation for the failure of the pilots to receive emergency oxygen is that their ability to think and act decisively was impaired because of hypoxia before they could don their oxygen masks. No definitive evidence exists that indicates the rate at which the accident flight lost its cabin pressure; therefore, the Safety Board evaluated conditions of both rapid and gradual depressurization. If there had been a breach in the fuselage (even a small one that could not be visually detected by the in-flight observers) or a seal failure, the cabin could have depressurized gradually, rapidly, or even explosively. Research has shown that a period of as little as 8 seconds without supplemental oxygen following rapid depressurization to about 30,000 feet (9,100 m) may cause a drop in oxygen saturation that can significantly impair cognitive functioning and increase the amount of time required to complete complex tasks. A more gradual decompression could have resulted from other possible causes, such as a smaller leak in the pressure vessel or a closed flow control valve. Safety Board testing determined that a closed flow control valve would cause complete depressurization to the airplane's flight altitude over a period of several minutes. However, without supplemental oxygen, substantial adverse effects on cognitive and motor skills would have been expected soon after the first clear indication of decompression (the cabin altitude warning), when the cabin altitude reached 10,000 feet (3,000 m) (which could have occurred in about 30 seconds). Investigations of other accidents in which flight crews attempted to diagnose a pressurization problem or initiate emergency pressurization instead of immediately donning oxygen masks following a cabin altitude alert have revealed that, even with a relatively gradual rate of depressurization, pilots have rapidly lost cognitive or motor abilities to effectively troubleshoot the problem or don their masks shortly thereafter. In this accident, the flight crew's failure to obtain supplemental oxygen in time to avoid incapacitation could be explained by a delay in donning oxygen masks; of only a few seconds in the case of an explosive or rapid decompression, or a slightly longer delay in the case of a gradual decompression. In summary, the Safety Board was unable to determine why the flight crew could not, or did not, receive supplemental oxygen in sufficient time and/or adequate concentration to avoid hypoxia and incapacitation.[1]
The NTSB report showed that the plane had several instances of maintenance work related to cabin pressure in the months leading up to the accident. The NTSB was unable to determine whether they stemmed from a common problem – replacements and repairs were documented, but not the pilot discrepancy reports that prompted them or the frequency of such reports. The report criticised Sunjet Aviation for the possibility that this would have made the problem harder to identify, track, and resolve, as well as the fact that in at least one instance the plane was flown with an unauthorized maintenance deferral for cabin pressure problems.
Aftermath [ edit ]
Stewart was ultimately headed to Houston for the 1999 Tour Championship, but planned a stop in Dallas for discussions with the athletic department of his alma mater, Southern Methodist University, about building a new home course for the school's golf program.[7] Stewart was memorialized at the Tour Championship with a lone bagpipe player playing at the first hole at Champions Golf Club prior to the beginning of the first day of play. The owner of the crash site, after consulting the wives of Stewart and several other victims, created a memorial on about 1 acre (4,000 m2) of the site. At its center is a rock pulled from the site inscribed with the names of the victims and a Bible passage.[7]
The 2000 U.S. Open, held at Pebble Beach Golf Links, began with a golf version of a 21-gun salute when 21 of Stewart's fellow players simultaneously hit balls into the Pacific Ocean.[8]
In 2001, Stewart was posthumously inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame.
On June 8, 2005, a Florida state court jury in Orlando found that Learjet was not liable for the deaths of Stewart and his agents Robert Fraley and Van Ardan, who had also been aboard the plane.[9]
Documentaries [ edit ]
The documentary series Mayday, also known by the titles Air Crash Investigation and Air Disasters, features this incident in the first episode of its 16th season. The episode, titled "Deadly Silence," was first transmitted on 7 June 2016.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
This article incorporates public domain material from websites or documents of the National Transportation Safety Board.
In less than an hour (11/12/2014 @ approx 0835 GMT) 511,000,000 km from Earth the Philae lander of the Rosetta mission will detach and begin its decent to a comets surface. The orbiter is powered by a 1750A processor by Dynex (as we previously discussed). The lander is powered by two 8MHz Harris RTX2010 16-bit stack processors, again a design dating back to the 1980's. These are used by the Philae CDMS (COmmand and Data Management System) to control all aspects of the lander.
All lander functions have to be pre programmed and executed by the CDMS with absolute fault tolerance as communications to Earth take over 28 minutes one way. The pair of RTX2010s run in a hot redundant set up, where one board (Data Processing Unit) runs as the primary, while the second monitors it, ready to take over if any anomaly is detected. The backup has been well tested as on each power cycle of Philae the backup computer has started, then handed control over to the primary. This technically is an anomaly, as the CDMS was not programmed to do so, but due to some unknown because it is working in such a state. The fault tolerant programming handles such a situation gracefully and it will have no effect on Philae's mission.
Why was the RTX2010 chosen? Simply put the RTX2010 is the lowest power budget processor available that is radiation hardened, and powerful enough to handle the complex landing procedure. Philae runs on batteries for the first phase of its mission (later it will switch to solar/back up batteries) so the power budget is critical. The RTX2010 is a Forth based stack processor which allows for very efficient coding, again useful for a low power budget.
Eight of the instruments are also powered by a RTX2010s, making 10 total (running at between 8-10MHz). The lander also includes an Analog Devices ADSP-21020 and a pair of 80C3x microcontrollers as well as multiple FPGAs.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
COMMENTARY:
What went wrong in California? I think we can all agree on at least three observations.
First, California is by nature the most richly endowed region in the world. Nowhere else is there so much fertile land, watered by gravity-fed winter runoff from the majestic Sierra. California has ample supplies of oil and natural gas. Millions of acres of timber abound in its coastal and mountain forests. Temperate climate and weather allow outdoor activity almost year round. The coastline is more than 1,300 miles long - with two of the great natural ports of the world at Los Angeles and San Francisco Bay.
Second, prior can-do generations of Californians created an unparalleled infrastructure of dams, canals and hydroelectric generation that once provided the state with ample energy, irrigation and recreation. Its three-tier higher education system - 110 junior colleges, 23 state universities, and 10 University of California campuses - once ensured a literate populace.
We associate Hollywood with the world's motion picture industry. Napa Valley tops the wines of France. The Silicon Valley fueled the high-tech revolution that gave us Apple, Google, Hewitt-Packard, Intel and Yahoo. Millions of tourists each year flock to Disneyland, Death Valley, Kings Canyon, Lake Tahoe, San Francisco and Yosemite.
California remains America's richest farming state, leading the nation in fresh fruit, vegetable, nut and dairy production. In other words, the present generation enjoyed quite a head start on their lives through the work and investment of often forgotten predecessors.
The final observation we can agree on is that something has gone drastically wrong in the state in the last two decades.
California managed to achieve all at once the nation's highest sales and income tax rates - and yet also the largest annual state deficit. So far under Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's tenure, state spending grew 34.9 percent, well beyond inflation and population that increased only 21.5 percent. And yet the governor often prevented the state Legislature from spending even more it didn't have.
The budgets of Medi-Cal, the state-run health program for the poor, are out of control. Prison costs increased about 50 percent in less than a decade, and now claim almost 10 percent of state spending - almost as much as higher education.
The state is in its third year of drought. Billions of dollars of agricultural production are threatened by water cutoffs. Yet California hasn't build a major dam or canal in years.
Biannual state proposition initiatives, often put on the ballot by narrow special interests, allowed voters to vote for additional entitlements and benefits without providing the money to pay for them. Yet Californians are not an informed electorate: the state's mediocre high schools have 30 percent dropout rates.
More than half a million aliens are caught each year trying to enter California's southern border illegally. Some estimates put illegal alien state residents at 3 million, a population that may cost the state's taxpayers more than $13 billion per year for services.
California has the worst credit rating in the nation. It has the fourth-highest unemployment rate and the second-highest home foreclosure rate, thanks to enormously inflated prices due in part to complicated building regulations, high labor costs, and often Byzantine land-use restrictions. California's net state-to-state migration loss was higher than every other state. Most reports suggest that those leaving the state are far more highly educated than those entering it.
If we can agree that Californians have somehow squandered a rich natural and inherited wealth, what were the root causes of this collective suicide?
Critics disagree. Some cite expanding but inefficient state government, out-of-control state pensions and oppressive taxes. Or is the problem costly prisons and astronomical rates of incarceration, illegal immigration, unchecked welfare, and oppressive regulation and environmental restrictions?
All these may be true. But less discussed is the common culprit: a weird sort of utopian mindset. Perhaps because have-it-all Californians live in such a rich natural landscape and inherited so much from their ancestors, they have convinced themselves that perpetual bounty is now their birthright - not something that can be lost in a generation of complacency.
Californians count on the wealth of farming but would prefer their rivers to remain wild rather than tapped. They like tasteful redwood decks but demand someone else fell their trees for the wood. Californians drive imported SUVs but would rather that you drill for oil off your shores rather than off theirs. They pride themselves on their liberal welfare programs, but drive out with confiscatory taxes the few left to pay for them.
Californians expect cheap imported labor to tend their lawns and clean their houses, but are incensed at sky-high welfare and entitlement costs that accompany illegal immigration. Lock ‘em up, they say - but the state is bankrupted by new prisons, constant inmate lawsuits and unionized employees.
In short, after Californians sue, restrict, mandate, obstruct and lecture, they also get angry that there is suddenly not enough food, fuel, water and money to act like the gods that they think they have become.
Victor Davis Hanson is a nationally syndicated columnist, a senior fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution and recipient of the 2007 National Humanities Medal.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Armenian: քենակալ (k'enakal) ( wife's sister's husband ) ; ( less precisely ) փեսա (p'esa) ( husband of any close relative, including one's sister or sister-in-law )
; փեսա (p'esa) Catalan: concunyat m
Chinese: 襟兄 (jīnxiōng) ( wife's sister's husband, who is older than oneself ) ; 襟弟 (jīndì) ( wife's sister's husband, who is younger than oneself )
; 襟弟 (jīndì) Esperanto: kunbofrato
French: co-beau-frère; ( general use ) beau-frère ( brother-in-law )
beau-frère Galician: concuñado m , concuñada f
, German: ( rare ) Schwippschwager (de) Schwager (de) m ( brother in law )
Greek: μπατζανάκης (el) m ( batzanákis )
Hebrew: גיסן
Icelandic: svili (is)
Inupiak: aŋayunġuq ( spouse of elder sibling ) , nukaunġuq ( spouse of younger sibling )
, nukaunġuq Italian: concognato
Japanese: 相婿 ( あいむこ , aimuko ) ( a man's wife's sister's husband )
Korean: 동서 (同壻) (dongseo) ( with siblings of the same sex: a man's wife's sister's husband, or a woman's husband's brother's wife, but not cheonambu a man's wife's brother's wife )
Malay: biras ( co-sibling-in-law )
Nahuatl: chahuatetl
Persian: باجناق (fa) ( bâjenâq ) ( husband of one's wife's sister )
Portuguese: concunhado (pt) m , concunhada (pt) f
, Russian: свояк (svoják) ( antiquated usage ) , ( normal use ) зять (zjat') ( brother/son-in-law )
, зять (zjat') Serbo-Croatian: Cyrillic: пашеног пашaнац Roman: pašènog (sh) pašánac (sh)
Spanish: concuñado (es) m , concuñada (es) f
, Tagalog: bilas (tl) ( co-sibling-in-law )
Turkish: bacanak (tr) ( wife's sister's husband )
The company that provided visualisations of the contents of the leaked US embassy cables has admitted it removed them from the net at the request of Senator Joe Lieberman, the chair of the Senate homeland committee who has made angry denunciations of the leaks.
The removal of the visualisation came as the US Social Security Agency warned its workers that looking at the leaked cables could constitute a criminal offence.
Writing on the blog for Tableau Software, which offers free public visualisations for data, Elissa Fink writes that
"Our terms of service require that people using Tableau Public do not upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that they do not have the right to make available. Furthermore, if we receive a complaint about a particular set of data, we retain the right to investigate the situation and remove any offending data, if necessary."
She adds:
"Our decision to remove the data from our servers came in response to a public request by Senator Joe Lieberman, who chairs the Senate Homeland Security Committee, when he called for organisations hosting WikiLeaks to terminate their relationship with the website."
Lieberman, an independent senator who was re-elected in 2006 but is seen as close to the Democrats, persuaded Amazon to stop hosting the Wikileaks site on Wednesday. He said then that "[Amazon's] decision to cut off WikiLeaks now is the right decision and should set the standard for other companies WikiLeaks is using to distribute its illegally seized material. I call on any other company or organisation that is hosting WikiLeaks to immediately terminate its relationship with them."
At Tableau, Fliss said: "This will inevitably be met with mixed reaction. However, our terms of service were created to ensure responsible use of data."
But as with the US diplomatic cables data, which have now spread so far that they can easily be downloaded from Google or via the file-sharing service Bittorrent, the Tableau visualisations - and the blogpost for it - are still easily found on the net. Google's cache of the post from Tableau Software shows that the company was apparently untroubled on 28 November by its use: it included a copy of the visualisation that was created by Wikileaks, and acknowledged that "the release is controversial because the US government has strongly discouraged it". The issue of whether Wikileaks had the right to make the content available does not seem to have occurred to them at the time.
Comments on the Tableau post are generally against the decision: one says "thank you for making it easy to never use your software again. Companies who are unwilling to support free speech do not receive my support", while another asks "what if something even more interesting was found in the data through the interactive nature of your site, or what if it brought awareness to a particular data point that was public but obscured? I'm saddened to see that Tableau is not principled enough to explore new and interesting data."
Meanwhile the Social Security Agency has warned its employees about the dangers to staff of reading the cables:
"Earlier this year a large amount of United States government classified information was illegally released to the public website WIKILEAKS [sic]. The documents on WIKILEAKS could place military personnel and United States supporters in Iraq and Afghanistan at an increased risk of harm. "Despite these documents being publicly accessible over the internet, the documents remain classified and SSA employees should not access, download, or transmit them. Individuals may be subject to applicable federal criminal statutes for unlawful access to or transmission of classified information."
Lieberman's official page has not been updated to reflect his latest victory in trying to remove the leaked US embassy cables from the internet. But future WikiLeaks hosts may be more difficult to dissuade: the latest hosting service, Bahnhof, is centred in a bunker in Sweden.
Whether US companies will worry about the threat of Lieberman - and other politicians in and out of government - if they are asked to help out with future leaks remains to be seen.
James Ball, who created the visualisation, told the Guardian: "The Cablegate graphs Tableau pulled from their servers contained no information directly from US data. They gave indications of cables from each country, classifications, and subject tags (such as IMF, human rights or economic issue) - exactly like graphics published in print and online by the Guardian.
"The graphics could be easily reproduced using nothing more than data the Guardian has published on datastore. To pull these graphics - which had received over 2.4m visitors - merely because the Wikileaks website links to them; and a US senator issued a public (not private) complaint - smacks of cowardice and blind censorship.
"What makes it especially disappointing is Tableau had previously used user-generated graphics from the Afghan War Logs (by @rasga) in its customer mailout - and even blogged and tweeted when Wikileaks first linked to my Tableau graphics."
"There were times when we weren't sure we'd make it," said station chief Björn Fredlund.
One March day in 1986 a juggernaut came rolling into town, full to the brim with paper products and plastic bags for the local police station.
Somebody had messed up the invoice and ticked off the box for pallets instead of packets of toilet paper, paper towels, kitchen paper and plastic rubbish bags.
The police chief could only look on in despair as a seemingly endless supply of products was unloaded from the truck.
"He asked the driver to stop. But the driver said it would cost a lot of money to return the goods and that he would need it in writing.
"Nothing was signed and the unloading continued," said Fredlund.
Rather than moaning about getting a bum deal, it was all hands to the pump for the next few hours.
"The driver got help from some of our people. It took them from 8 or 9 in the morning until late in the afternoon to unload it all.
"There was an unbelievable amount of stuff. We filled 12 garages with it all, as well as all other available spaces," said Fredlund.
Just how much was there?
"I don't know how much toilet paper there was but one of my colleagues worked out that there were 550,000 paper towels and 3 million plastic bags," said Fredlund.
There was nothing for it but to get on with the paperwork. As a gesture of neighbourly goodwill, police patrols from other towns in the northern Värmland region would sometimes drop by and take a few rolls back with them from Hagfors.
And this Thursday, 20 years after the original delivery, the final roll of toilet paper finally met its last police posterior.
But was it really a cock-up? Or could it have been a cunning economic plan hatched by the police force of Hagfors?
"Back in 1986 it was the National Police Board that paid. I think it came to 60,000 kronor.
"If it had happened a few years later the local police district would have had to pay," said Fredlund.
And was about the quality of the class of '86? Was the paper still up to the job 20 years later?
"Oh yes, there was nothing wrong with it. It was single sheet mind you, and double would have been nice, but overall it was fine," said Fredlund.
Warner Center, the office and shopping anchor of the west San Fernando Valley, would see a seismic shift in its future development under a long-range plan going before the Los Angeles City Council on Wednesday.
The Warner Center 2035 Plan guides the residential and commercial growth for the 1,000-acre community and replaces the Warner Center Specific Plan adopted in 1993.
The new plan is pedestrian-oriented and divides the community into eight districts where walking and other forms of eco-friendly transportation are encouraged. The prior plan focused on mitigating the impact of traffic generated by growth.
The new plan calls for concentrating a mix of uses that are within walking distance of one another to get people out of their cars. Its intent is to create smaller streets and small “slow vehicle lanes” for bicycles, Segway-like vehicles, electric bicycles, other small electric vehicles and “any other vehicle that does not move faster than a bicycle.”
Developers will also pay a “mobility fee” that will help fund a variety of transportation improvements, including a modern streetcar system in Warner Center, which will also get some new places to go, with names like Uptown and Downtown.
“The new plan very much reinvents Warner Center as a much more walkable and transit-oriented center for the San Fernando Valley,” said Ken Bernstein, a principal city planner who has worked on the 2035 plan since about 2005.
“Warner Center now has major transit stops, and the Orange Line has been a tremendous success in bringing riders into the heart of Warner Center. The new plan recognizes that we can't build our way out of our transportation challenges and we need to focus on Warner Center as a transit-oriented community.”
The plan calls for Warner Center's new personality to evolve from the eight districts that will be created: College, Commerce, Downtown, North Village, Park, River, Topanga and Uptown.
The area's northern boundary was extended north of Vanowen Street to include the Los Angeles River, hence the River District. It's a fitting designation since the headwaters of the river are near Canoga Park High School where Calabasas and Bell creeks converge, Bernstein said.
The plan has already passed muster with the city's planning commission and West Valley citizen groups.
“I think it's forward moving and guiding the future of the West Valley by providing more places for commercial uses and places for people to work and live,” said architect Dennis DiBiase, vice chairman of the Woodland Hills/Warner Center Neighborhood Council.
He notes that the plan created a series of “activity nodes” near major intersections to stimulate public gatherings and pedestrian activity.
The plan now caps commercial space at about 30 million square feet and residential space at about 32 million square feet. The number of residential units tops out at 20,000, up from 9,000 now in Warner Center.
The plan can be reviewed and adjusted as time passes.
And the shift to put living spaces near workplaces is already underway.
Over the past several years large apartment and condo complexes have opened within walking distance of Orange Line stops and offices in Warner Center. And Westfield LLC is doing site-prep work on its massive $450 million The Village at Westfield Topanga. The Village, south of Victory Boulevard between Owensmouth Avenue and Topanga Canyon Boulevard, will be the cornerstone of the new development plan, said City Councilman Bob Blumenfield, who represents the area.
The company's two other nearby properties, Westfield Topanga and Westfield Promenade, are traditional malls.
The Village will bring the essence of a small community to the large urban space.
“It will be the anchor for this plan. When you look at the plan that's what really jumps out at you, breaking up these massive city blocks that were put in place because (the prior plan) was an auto-centric plan,” Blumenfield said.
The new plan is also more forward thinking by linking up with the river to unlock potential for developing recreational opportunities.
“The idea of connecting to the river was completely foreign (in the earlier plan). The words ‘L.A. River' had not even been spoken,” Blumenfield said.
Westfield, which is one of the biggest owners of vacant land in Warner Center, has high hopes for the plan.
“We are excited about the vision for Warner Center. A lot of hard work has gone into the plan, and we're pleased to see it moving forward,” company spokesman Katy Dickey wrote in an email.
The Village project did trigger opposition from local residents because it includes a Costco with a gas station. The Woodland Hills Homeowners Organization sued the city over its approval process because of the additional traffic it will bring. The homeowners lost in Superior Court and the matter is now set for arbitration at the appeals court level.
John Walker, executive vice president of the group, said that it likes the focus on the new development plan.
“Woodland Hills homeowners have supported sensible development in our community. We hope the plan will increase the quality of life. That's the bottom line,” Walker said. “They (planners) worked long and hard and did a heroic job. They have what appears to be a fair and reasonable plan for the community.”
Originally, the next alpha was going to include ship combat, 2-3 more races and some other additional artwork. Unfortunately, all of the artwork for that would place the alpha at sometime in the fall of 2017, which seemed too far away.
I realize that this project is going to take a long time to finish because it is basically being pipelined through a handful of people (developer, artist & writer), each working on separate tasks.
However, there is a tremendous amount of value in public alphas with respect to user feedback so I don't want to go too long between them. As a result, I think I am going to break the next alpha into two, smaller alphas. So, the current plan for the next alpha is below. I'm hoping this can all be done about 4-6 months sooner, by March of 2017.
Definitely in (things to be done sooner rather than later):
New Races: Sakkra (complete), Darloks (art time: 3 months?)
New race-specific artwork: Transport Ships (in work, art time: 1 month?), combat animations for hostile environments (complete), GNN (art time: 3 months?)
UI work: new Descriptive race intro at startup, new Rankings UI, polish on Fleet & Ground Combat UIs, Help overlay on main map UI
Diplomatic Options: request ally to join war, require empire to break alliance with their ally
Possibly In (because of low artwork requirements):
Random events not involving ship combat (space crystal, amoeba)
Counter-offers for diplomatic requests
Definitely deferred until later (will take too long for a timely alpha):
Final 3 races: Human, Klackon, Mrrshan
Tactical Ship Combat
Orion system
Technology discovery holograms
Race-specific artwork for sabotage options
Game Over animation sequences
Advertisements
A bipartisan group of lawmakers in Lansing say they have a plan to make auto insurance more affordable – without cutting benefits.
Representative Ben Frederick is a Republican. He says auto insurance cost is a topic that is constantly brought up. But he says nothing ever gets done about it.
“So this year we're taking what has many might think is a forgotten approach in Lansing, and certainly long gone in DC – a bipartisan approach.”
Among other things, the legislation would bar insurers from using factors like gender and zip code to set rates.
“I'm not saying women are better drivers than others. But I'm just saying it's not fair to charge us more because of our pulchritude,” said Representative Sherry Gay-Dagnogo (D-Detroit).
The legislation would also make the Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association more transparent.
Speaker of the House Tom Leonard has been working with Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan on a different version of a car insurance overhaul.
But he says he's happy to see multiple groups working on the issue.
“It shows the momentum that the mayor and I have on this issue right now. Outside groups are scared. They are finally coming to the table because they know we are very close to getting something together that is going to deliver real rate relief to the citizens of this state," Leonard said.
The Continental Divide separates the Atlantic and Pacific watersheds of North America. In Glacier, the divide follows the crest of the Lewis Range from Marias Pass to Flattop Mountain and then swings west to the crest of the Livingston Range, which it follows into Canada. The Continental Divide forms the western border of Waterton Lakes National Park, which lies completely on the east side of the divide. In Waterton, all drainages flow into the Saskatchewan River Basin, generally a northeast route towards Hudson Bay.
Triple Divide
In Glacier National Park, there is actually a triple divide because waters potentially can flow into three drainages. The creeks and streams in the southeast section of the park feed into the Birch and Marias Rivers, then the Missouri and the Mississippi and empty into the Gulf of Mexico. The water in the northeast section feeds into the prefix = st2 / St. Mary River that joins the Saskatchewan River Basin. From there, some of the water flows into Lake Winnipeg, then into the Nelson River which drains into the Hudson Bay. All water west of the divide feeds into the Flathead River, which then flows through Flathead Lake and empties into the Clark Fork which joins the Columbia River to the Pacific. The many streams of Waterton-Glacier make important contributions to the great rivers of the continent. There are few other areas of similar size that generate a volume of water equal to that flowing out of the parks.
Glacier's Triple Divide Peak (8020 ft/2446 m) is a rather rare hydrologic feature. From the summit, water flows to the Atlantic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, and Hudson Bay. The peak can be viewed from the Going-to-the-Sun Road in the Two Dog Flats area, on the east side of the park. Other triple divides (hydrological apexes) are found in Jasper National Park and in Siberia.
Meru farmers use 80 million bees near forests to ward off elephants
Joshua Kinyua, at the Subuiga beekeepers Association apiary, on the edge of Ngare Ndare forest
Facing a threat from marauding elephants? Eureka! Bees are the perfect solution, as residents living around the Ngare Ndare forest in Imenti have discovered.John Ndirangu, a bee specialist working in the Agriculture department, says bees are a perfect weapon to ward off elephants. “The beehives are placed five metres apart. Elephants do not like the buzzing of bees because it is a big nuisance and causes them great discomfort. Elephants will not come anywhere near bees,” says Mr Ndirangu. Governor Peter Munya last week kicked off a project to distribute beehives to groups living around forests.
SEE ALSO :Farming saved me from ‘Jaboya' sex for fish
“Deaths and injuries resulting from the human-wildlife conflict have been reported in surrounding areas,” says Joshua Kinyua, the field manager of the 5,554-hectare forest that is part of the Upper Imenti forest. Now residents of Ngare Ndare forest and other areas facing threats from elephants have a respite as they have beehives to ward off jumbos from people's farms and homes.Mr Munya, while releasing the first batch of 1,000 hives, said they will help residents deal with perennial attacks and destruction of crops by elephants. “Apart from warding off elephants, we want small-scale farmers to be assured of income from honey. Land is becoming more scarce, so bee keeping is the way to go in empowering rural families,” Munya said.
SEE ALSO :Rice farmers reap from new technology
He said a honey-making factory will soon be built. The 1,000 hives are expected to produce over 54,000 kilos of honey per year. With a kilo going for up to Sh500, farmers are expected to earn Sh27 million a year. Many residents have been trampled to death by elephants roaming in the Imenti, Nkunga and Ngare Ndare forests. “We also suffer entire crop losses when they come into our farms. We have to depend on relief food. But we put 20 hives around our farm and no elephant has visited yet,” said Duncan Kirimi, a farmer at Kithoka, where several people have been injured and killed by elephants, in recent times. One hive has a capacity for up to 80,000 bees.
SEE ALSO :How to start a tilapia fish farm
“We have hundreds of hives mounted around the forest boundary, some from the county government and others from the Community Development Trust Fund, a partnership between the national government and the European Union,” said a Mr Kinyua. John Kaburu, a member of the Subuiga Beekeepers Association, says apart from warding off elephants, he is able to educate, feed and clothe his children with income from sale of honey. “I harvest 200 kilogrammes of honey every four months. I sell a kilo at Sh500. The demand is too high, so I have very little for my family's consumption,” he said. John Kithinji, the chairman of the association, says with one hive able to produce 20kg of honey every four months, and their use to protect the farmers from elephants, it is a good venture. Mr Ndirangu says most people are unaware of the potential there is in beekeeping.
SEE ALSO :Woman 'eaten alive' by pigs after collapsing in sty while feeding them
“Most people think honey is the most expensive product from bees. But actually, royal jelly, a whitish substance derived from young bees, is the most expensive, because 10 grammes of it goes for Sh10,000! Honey with a sprinkling of royal jelly is Sh1,500 a kilo,” says the bee specialist. Ndirangu says bee venom, harvested by making the bees sting a surface, is medicine for arthritis. “Another product from bees is propolys, which is used to manufacture disinfectants,” he says. “Even combs are a libido booster, the reason why older men of years yonder used to have as many as ten wives. Conception rates were very high! Actually, honey is the cheapest bee product,” says Ndirangu.
WASHINGTON, April 10, 2012 - The World Bank today announced that it will implement a new Open Access policy for its research outputs and knowledge products, effective July 1, 2012. The new policy builds on recent efforts to increase access to information at the World Bank and to make its research as widely available as possible. As the first phase of this policy, the Bank launched today a new Open Knowledge Repository and adopted a set of Creative Commons copyright licenses. The new Open Access policy, which will be rolled out in phases in the coming year, formalizes the Bank's practice of making research and knowledge freely available online. Now anybody is free to use, re-use and redistribute most of the Bank's knowledge products and research outputs for commercial or non-commercial purposes. “Knowledge is power,” World Bank Group President Robert B. Zoellick said. “Making our knowledge widely and readily available will empower others to come up with solutions to the world's toughest problems. Our new Open Access policy is the natural evolution for a World Bank that is opening up more and more." The policy will also apply to Bank research published with third party publishers including the institution's two journals—World Bank Research Observer (WBRO) and World Bank Economic Review (WBER)—which are published by Oxford University Press, but in accordance with the terms of third party publisher agreements. The Bank will respect publishing embargoes, but expects the amount of time it takes for externally published Bank content to be included in its institutional repository to diminish over time. In support of the new Open Access Policy, the World Bank is adopting a Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) copyright license for content published by the Bank, the most accommodating of all licenses offered by Creative Commons. It allows anyone to distribute, reuse, and build upon the Bank's published work, even commercially, as long as the Bank is given credit for the original creation. The CC BY license helps the Bank to maximize its impact while simultaneously protecting the Bank's reputation and the integrity of its content. World Bank content published by third party publishers will be available in the Open Knowledge Repository under a more restrictive Creative Commons license. The new copyright practice goes into effect today. While much of the Bank's research outputs and knowledge products have been available for free on the institution's web site, and on other channels, the new Open Access policy marks a significant shift in how Bank content is disseminated and shared. For the first time, the Bank will have an aggregated portal to research and knowledge products, where the metadata is curated, the content is discoverable and easily downloaded, and third parties are free to use, reuse, and build on it. “Allowing unfettered access to the Bank's trove of development knowledge is commendable”, said Cathy Casserly, CEO of Creative Commons. “For researchers, it increases the visibility, usage, and impact of their work. For users, it allows for the discovery of knowledge and encourages the open interchange of ideas.” The Open Knowledge Repository, the centerpiece of the policy, is the new home for all of the World Bank's research outputs and knowledge products. The Repository — available at openknowledge.worldbank.org − currently contains works from 2009-2012 (more than 2,100 books and papers) across a wide range of topics and all regions of the world. This includes the World Development Report, and other annual flagship publications, academic books, practitioner volumes, and the Bank's publicly disclosed country studies and analytical reports. The repository also contains journal articles from 2007-2010 from the two World Bank journals WBRO and WBER. The repository will be updated regularly with new publications and research products, as well as with content published prior to 2009. Starting in 2013, the repository will also provide links to datasets associated with research. While the vast majority of the works are published in English, over time translated editions will also be added. The Open Knowledge Repository is interoperable with other repositories and will support optimal discoverability and re-usability of the content by complying with Dublin Core metadata standards and the Open Archives Initiatives protocol for metadata harvesting. “This new policy is a natural extension of our other efforts to make the Bank more open, including the Open Data Initiative and the landmark Access to Information Policy”, said Caroline Anstey, World Bank Managing Director. “Anyone with Internet access will have much greater access to the World Bank's knowledge. And for those without internet access, there is now unlimited potential for intermediaries to reuse and repurpose our content for new languages, platforms and media, further democratizing development by getting information into the hands of all those who may benefit from it.” The new Open Access policy and launch of the Open Knowledge Repository represent the next major development in the World Bank's Open Development Agenda. The first two initiatives were: · Open Data Initiative (launched in April 2010): a range of reforms enabling free access to more than 7,000 development indicators, as well as a wealth of information on World Bank projects and finances, and · Access to Information Policy (launched in July 2010): a groundbreaking change in how the World Bank makes information available to the public. Contacts: In Washington: Yoko Kobayashi (202) 458-2624, ykobayashi2@worldbank.org For Broadcast Requests: Natalia Cieslik, (202) 458-9369, ncieslik@worldbank.org The Open Knowledge Repository is freely available at openknowledge.worldbank.org More information about Creative Commons can be found at www.creativecommons.org. Visit us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/worldbank Be updated via Twitter: http:// www.twitter.com/worldbank For our YouTube channel: http:// www.youtube.com/worldbank
After Shyam Benegal gave a thumbs up to Abhishek Chaubey's Udta Punjab, the makers of the film have another reason to rejoice as Bombay High Court has stood by creativity and asked CBFC to give reasons for suggesting 89 cuts.
ALSO READ: Udta Punjab is a very well-made film, says Shyam Benegal
ALSO READ: Bollywood unites to save Udta Punjab from Pahlaj Nihalani, demands Censor Board chief be removed
Justice SC Dharmadhikari was stunned about the entire hue and cry on the part of CBFC for calling the film anti-Punjab. He questioned the Censor Board, "Has drug menace never been portrayed on celluloid? Some may be crude, while some may be artistic. How does this signboard insult anyone?"
On Wednesday (June 8), producers of Udta Punjab moved the Bombay High Court against the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) for advising 89 cuts and giving an A certificate to the film.
He further added, "There was a film on Moga (a district in Punjab) being a cancer town. It was not to degrade the town, but to talk about the seriousness of the issue."
CBFC also demanded that the makers drop Punjab from the title of the film since it shows the state in poor light. To which Dharmadhikari replied, "Are you saying that Punjab is known only for drugs?"
It seems Abhishek's film has got the right support for the right content. Even Shyam Benegal, who heads the Censor Board Revamp Panel, called Udta Punjab a well-made film.
In an interview to IANS, Benegal said, "It's a well-made film. It brings to attention a very serious problem, that of drug use among young people, which can, if we are not careful, become a rampant problem. It's a laudable effort."
"But people are misreading the film. They are under the impression that it is anti-Punjab. I don't think the film is anti-Punjab at all," he added.
Benegal watched the Abhishek Chaubey directorial on Wednesday in Mumbai following a row between the makers and the Censor Board. Censor chief Pahlaj Nihalani has denied suggestions he acted under political pressure.
Assembly elections are due in Punjab next year. The opposition has made the drug abuse in the state a major campaign issue, upsetting the ruling Akali Dal-BJP coalition.
Benegal said he was speaking as an individual filmmaker, not as head of the CBFC revamp committee. "If the question is of the use of dialect and language, there is a great deal of obscenity being used (in the film). But you see, there are certain sections of our population that use obscenity as punctuation in the language," Benegal added.
Having said that, Benegal asserted that he would not recommend the film for a universal audience. "It cannot get a U certificate, and I am told the producers never asked for a universal certificate. They only asked for an 'A' certificate. So, in terms of age and maturity, the film is only meant essentially for adults and not people younger than properly grown adults," said the 81-year-old.
Benegal said that in essence, Udta Punjab makes an important point. "Punjab is vulnerable. Unfortunately, it happens to be extremely vulnerable because it's a border state and it's a doorway to India. So, drugs that come in from outside, have to pass through Punjab."
Udta Punjab is in the middle of a raging controversy thanks to its content. The film attempts to bring on screen the problem of drug abuse among the youth of Punjab. And this hasn't gone down all too well with people in power. The film is set to hit the screens on June 17.
CHANNELVIEW, Texas - A Marine Corps veteran is feeling embarrassed and angry after he says he was denied service at a Houston-area bar and restaurant because of his service dog, Truman.
Don Brown, a veteran of the Gulf War, was medically discharged after being diagnosed with PTSD. For the past eight months, the Spring man has had his service dog, Truman, to help him cope with everyday life.
"For a long time I avoided going out in public," said Brown. "I was kind of a shut-in. He's allowed me to get back out and start enjoying life."
But Brown says he was turned away from the riverside Inn Marina in Channelview Wednesday when he tried to grab a burger with his best friend and Truman by his side. He says he told the waitress that Truman was a service dog, but she went to talk to her manager.
"This guy comes out from the back, from across the bar, very loudly calls out, 'can you see?'" said Brown.
Brown believes the manager didn't think Truman was a certified service dog. Brown says the manager asked him to leave because of an "attitude problem."
It's against federal and state law to ask a person about their disability -- or to deny someone service because of a service dog. That is, unless the animal is causing a disturbance or threat. Brown says that was not the case, so Local 2 went by the bar to talk to management.
As soon as our crew walked in a man who didn't identify himself as an owner, manager, or patron asked them to leave. Our video clearly shows our crew asking to speak to a manager, but no one ever identified themselves as a manager.
Local 2 never received an answer about Don Brown's claims, but we do know how he plans to handle the situation. When asked if he thinks he'll ever go back to the restaurant again the former Marine's answer was loud and clear.
"No. Absolutely not."
Copyright 2014 by Click2Houston.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
James Hansen is at it again. Hansen, who runs NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in Manhattan, is usually billed as a climate scientist – not to mention the godfather of the current global warming concern.
But Hansen knows spends as much time marching in demonstrations and petitioning governments for action on climate change as he does do research. He engages in plenty of unscientific rhetoric, such as calling trains taking coal to electrical generating stations “death trains” because of the carbon dioxide given off by burning coal to generate power. He has even testified in court in Britain on behalf of environmentalist vandals who sought to infiltrate a power plant and cause it to shut down.
Hansen and two other authors published a study this week that claims extreme weather events, especially droughts, are increasing in frequency and intensity and that it is “99% certain” that the cause is manmade global warming.
Nice conclusion – if your intent is to scare the public and politicians into action. But even many scientists not known as global warming sceptics have shaken their heads in disbelief at the sloppiness of Hansen's latest work.
Hansen and his co-authors contend that the chances of having a drought such as the one that has gripped much of the continental U.S. this summer was just one in 300 in the years between 1950 and the 1980s, but the chance now is one in 10. This change, Hansen insists, can only be due to the negative effect human carbon emissions are having on climate.
But to arrive at their conclusions, Hansen and his colleagues had to “cherry-pick.” They had to carefully select the past years they compared to today. The period from the 1950s to the 1980s are well known for being substantially cooler than today. It makes the contrast look much more dire when you take a reasonably warm period such as the past 15 years and compare it to a notably cool period.
It may well be that droughts are much more common now than they were during the ‘50s, ‘60s, ‘70s and ‘80s. But that doesn't tell us much about why.
For instance, as much or more of the globe was under drought conditions in the 1930s as it is today. But if Hansen et al admitted that, they might also have had to admit there are possible causes other than manmade emissions.
Much of the world was even warmer in the 1930s, but the cause couldn't possibly have been idling SUVs and belching coal-fired power plants. To add the '30s into the mix raises the possibility that other causes are at work or that, perhaps, extreme weather events are cyclical – recurring over time according to natural rhythms.
Martin Hoerling, a climate researcher with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration who specializes in extreme weather, told the New York Times he felt Hansen was making too much of the certainty of the connection between possible climate change and drought.
Hoerling, who explains that he is also concerned about unnatural climate change, has published papers explaining that the devastating Russian heat wave of two summers ago was a naturally occurring weather event. The Times reports he has another study coming soon showing that natural factors are also behind the current American drought.
Hoerling insists Hansen confuses drought (which is a lack of rainfall), with heat waves. “This isn't a serious science paper,” he told the Times. “It's mainly about perception … (and) perception is not a science.”
Don't take my word for it. I'm as biased on the sceptic side as Hansen is on the alarmist side. But you can believe Hoerling.
Remember when you heard Kirk Cameron first mention the Crocoduck on national television as the definite proof against the theory of evolution?
(In case the full impact of the creature hasn't hit you yet, just take a look at it once more:)
What was going through your mind when you saw that?
Oh my god, he's reached the bat$#!% crazy banana-nightmare levels of his partner Ray Comfort ?
? He did not just do what I think he did, did he? Did he?!
WTF?! Someone rewinds that.
I can never watch Growing Pains again…
However, if you're like, your first thought was “I need to snatch up www.crocoduck.com !”
And now, he'd like to turn it into a site poking fun at bad science in general.
He needs help, though.
If you're interested in writing for the site, please send your ideas, writing samples, or general information to Josh at .
Let's see if we can have some fun with this 🙂
[tags]atheist, atheism[/tags]
It will soon get much worse. Already, about two dollars in every five that the federal government spends go to the three main entitlement programs - Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. But the baby boomers, who are about to retire in droves, had fewer children than their parents, so the ratio of workers (who pay payroll taxes that fund the entitlements) to retirees is shifting dramatically. If we make no policy changes, in a couple of decades the cost of these three programs along with interest on the national debt will equal all federal revenues. Wasteful earmarks and lavish Postal Service parties are troubling, but headlines about these types of government waste distract us from the fact that the entitlements are the crux of the nation's long-term budget crisis.
Not to be confused with Jesus's Farewell Discourse
The Farewell Sermon (Arabic: خطبة الوداع‎, Khuṭbatu l-Wadāʿ), also known as Muhammad's Final Sermon or the Last Sermon, is believed by Muslims to have been delivered by the Islamic prophet, Muhammad on the 9th of Dhu al-Hijjah, 10 AH (6 March 632[1]) in the Uranah valley of Mount Arafat, during the Islamic pilgrimage of Hajj. Muhammad al-Bukhari refers to the sermon and quotes part of it in his Sahih al-Bukhari.[2][3][4] Part of it is also present in Sahih Muslim[5] and Sunan Abu Dawood.[6] Various versions of the sermon have been published, including several English translations. The sermon consists of a series of general exhortations for Muslims to follow the teachings that Muhammad had set forth in the Quran and sunnah.
Narrations in hadith literature [ edit ]
In a lengthy hadith included in Sahih Muslim, Sunan Abi Dawood, and Sunan Ibn Majah, Jabir ibn Abd Allah narrated details of Muhammad's pilgrimage and reported the following words of his sermon:
Sahih Muslim Book 15, Hadith 159 [ edit ]
Verily your blood, your property are as sacred and inviolable as the sacredness of this day of yours, in this month of yours, in this town of yours. Behold! Everything pertaining to the Days of Ignorance is under my feet completely abolished. Abolished are also the blood-revenges of the Days of Ignorance. The first claim of ours on blood-revenge which I abolish is that of the son of Rabi'a b. al-Harith, who was nursed among the tribe of Sa'd and killed by Hudhail. And the usury of the pre-Islamic period is abolished, and the first of our usury I abolish is that of 'Abbas b. 'Abd al-Muttalib, for it is all abolished. Fear Allah concerning women! Verily you have taken them on the security of Allah, and intercourse with them has been made lawful unto you by words of Allah. You too have right over them, and that they should not allow anyone to sit on your bed whom you do not like. But if they do that, you can chastise them but not severely. Their rights upon you are that you should provide them with food and clothing in a fitting manner. I have left among you the Book of Allah, and if you hold fast to it, you would never go astray. And you would be asked about me (on the Day of Resurrection), (now tell me) what would you say? They (the audience) said: We will bear witness that you have conveyed (the message), discharged (the ministry of Prophethood) and given wise (sincere) counsel. He (the narrator) said: He (the Holy Prophet) then raised his forefinger towards the sky and pointing it at the people (said): "O Allah, be witness. O Allah, be witness," saying it thrice.[7]
Sunan al-Tirmidhi Vol. 1, Book 7, Hadith 1163 [ edit ]
My father narrated to me that he witnessed the farewell Hajj with the Messenger of Allah. So he thanked and praised Allah and he reminded and gave admonition. He mentioned a story in his narration and he (the Prophet) said: “And indeed I order you to be good to the women, for they are but captives with you over whom you have no power than that, except if they come with manifest Fahishah (evil behavior). If they do that, then abandon their beds and beat them with a beating that is not harmful. And if they obey you then you have no cause against them. Indeed you have rights over your women, and your women have rights over you. As for your rights over your women, then they must not allow anyone whom you dislike treating on your bedding (furniture), nor to admit anyone in your home that you dislike. And their rights over you are that you treat them well in clothing them and feeding them.[8]
Sunan ibn Maja Vol. 3, Book 9, Hadith 1851 [ edit ]
It was narrated that: Sulaiman bin Amr bin Ahwas said: “My father told me that he was present on the Farewell pilgrimage with the Messenger of Allah. He praised and glorified Allah, and reminder and exhorted (the people). Then he said: 'I enjoin good treatment of women, for they are prisoners with you, and you have no right to treat them otherwise, unless they commit clear indecency. If they do that, then forsake them in their beds and hit them, but without causing injury or leaving a mark if they obey you, then do not seek means of annoyance against them. You have rights over your women and your women have rights over you. Your rights over your women are that they are not to allow anyone whom you dislike on treat on your bedding (furniture), not allow anyone whom you dislike entering your houses. And their right over you are that should treat them kindly with regard to their clothing and food.[9][10][11]
Report by historian Ibn Ishaq [ edit ]
An account of the sermon was collected by the early historian Ibn Ishaq, as quoted in Ibn Hisham's Sirah an-Nabawiyah and at-Tabari's Tarikh, with minor differences.[12][13] The narration is translated by I. K. Poonawala in The History of al-Tabari, vol. IX: The Last Years of the Prophet (1990), as follows:
Ibn Ḥumayd—Salamah—Ibn Isḥāq—‘Abdallāh b. Abī Najīḥ: Then the Messenger of God proceeded to perform his pilgrimage, showing the people its rites and teaching them its customs. Then he addressed them in a speech and elucidated [certain things]. After he had praised and glorified God, he said, "O people, listen to my words. I do not know whether I shall ever meet you again in this place after this year. O people, your blood and your property are sacrosanct until you meet your Lord, just as this day and this month of yours are sacred. Surely you will meet your Lord and He will question you about your deeds. I have [already] made this known. Let me who has a pledge return it to the one who entrusted him with it; all usury is abolished, but your capital belongs to you. Wrong not and you shall not be wronged. God has decreed that there will be no usury, and the usury of ‘Abbās b. ‘Abd al-Muṭṭalib is abolished, all of it. All blood shed in the pre-Islamic days is to be left unavenged. The first such claim I revoke is that of Ibn Rabī‘ah b. al-Ḥārith b. ‘Abd al-Muṭṭalib, who was nursed among the Banū Layth and was slain by the Banū Hudhayl. His is the first blood shed in the pre-Islamic days with which I shall set an example. O people, indeed Satan despairs of ever being worshipped in this land of yours. He will be pleased, however, if he is obeyed in a thing other than that, in matters you minimize. So beware of him in your religion, O people, intercalating a month is an increase in unbelief whereby the unbelievers go astray; one year they make it profane, and hallow it another, [in order] to agree with the number that God has hallowed, and so profane what God has hallowed, and hallow what God has made profane. Time has completed its cycle [and is] as it was on the day that God created the heavens and the earth. The number of the months with God is twelve: [they were] in the Book of God on the day He created the heavens and the earth. Four of them are sacred, the three consecutive [months] and the Rajab [which is called the month of] Muḍar, which is between Jumādā [II] and Sha‘bān." "Now then, O people, you have a right over your wives and they have a right over you. You have [the right] that they should not cause anyone of whom you dislike treading on your beds; and that they should not commit any open indecency (fāḥishah). If they do, then God permits you to shut them in separate rooms and to beat them, but not severely. If they abstain from [evil], they have the right to their food and clothing in accordance with custom (bi'l-ma‘rūf). Treat women well, for they are [like] prisoners ('awan) with you and do not possess anything for themselves. You have taken them only as a trust from God, and you have made the enjoyment of their persons lawful by the word of God, so understand and listen to my words, O people. I have conveyed the Message, and have left you with something which, if you hold fast to it, you will never go astray: that is, the Book of God and the sunnah of His Prophet.[14] Listen to my words, O people, for I have conveyed the Message and understand [it]. Know for certain that every Muslim is a brother of another Muslim, and that all Muslims are brethren. It is not lawful for a person [to take] from his brother except that which he has given him willingly, so do not wrong yourselves. O God, have I not conveyed the message?" It was reported [to me][note 1] that the people said, "O God, yes," and the Messenger of God said, "O God, bear witness."[15]
^ Addition from Ibn Ishaq
The sermon is also translated by Alfred Guillaume in The Life of Muhammad: A Translation of Isḥāq's Sīrat Rasūl Allāh (1955), which is based on the work of Ibn Hisham.[16] Poonawala does not differ much with Guillaume in regards to meaning, but notable differences are his translation of bi'l-ma‘rūf as "with custom" and ‘awān as "domestic animals", whereas Guillaume translates the passage as, "If they refrain from these things they have the right to their food and clothing with kindness. Lay injunctions on women kindly, for they are prisoners with you having no control of their persons."
Ibn Ishaq also narrates the method in which the sermon was delivered:
Ibn Ḥumayd—Salamah—Muḥammad b. Isḥāq—Yaḥya b. ‘Abbād b. ‘Abdallāh b. al-Zubayr—his father ‘Abbād: The man who used to repeat the Messenger of God's words loudly to the people was when he was on ‘Arafah was Rabī‘ah b. Umayyah b. Khalaf. The Messenger of God would say to him. "Say: O people, the Messenger of God says, do you know what month this is?" and they would say, "The sacred month." Then he would say, "Say to them: God has made your blood and your property sacrosanct until you meet your Lord, like the sanctity of this month of yours." Then he said [to him], "Say: the Messenger of God says, O people, do you know what land this is?" Rabī‘ah would call out loudly and they would say, "The Holy Land." He would say, "Say: God has hallowed your blood and your property until you meet your Lord like the sanctity of this land of yours." Then he said, "Say: O people, do you know what day this is?" Rabī‘ah repeated [this] to them and they said, "The day of the Greater Pilgrimage." He said, "Say: God has made your blood and your property sacrosanct until you meet your Lord like the sanctity of this day of yours."[15]
See also [ edit ]
Panama City - Three people were killed, one was missing and hundreds had to leave their homes after strong waves lashed the Pacific coast of Latin American countries from Mexico to Chile.
In Panama, one person was swept away by strong waves that prompted an alert from authorities, while in Mexico a man drowned on the beach of Acapulco.
Waves over 4m high battered sea-side homes and flooded streets of the Mexican resort city.
The third death occurred in the Chilean city of Valparaiso where a European tourist was swept away and another person was injured.
Storms and wind
A 14-year-old boy was reported missing in El Salvador near the town of Playa Metalio. Numerous people had to be rescued and some 400 were evacuated as the strong waves damaged more than 50 homes across the country's coast.
Mexican authorities said that the sea swell was produced annually by large storms and winds offshore.
The swell will likely affect the Pacific coast for the next four days and sportsmen and fishermen had been advised to take extreme caution.
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Steelers' first-choice nickelback was part of the Buffalo Bills' first round of cuts.
Ross Cockrell was released by the Bills on Aug. 31 and after receiving interest from other teams, he said, signed with Pittsburgh on Sept. 5 following the Steelers' final cuts.
But defensive coordinator Keith Butler hadn't seen Cockrell.
"Coach Tomlin had seen him on film and brought him in," Butler said.
Cockrell made his Steelers debut in Pittsburgh's Week 2 win over the San Francisco 49ers and recorded his first career interception against the Baltimore Ravens last Thursday.
The second-year corner out of Duke was the Steelers' starting nickelback as of Tuesday, Mike Tomlin said. Cortez Allen, who is listed as the starting right cornerback on the team's depth chart, has been out with a knee injury since for Pittsburgh's last three games.
Cockrell has compiled seven combined tackles, a defended pass, a fumble recovery and an interception, which he returned for 37 yards against the Ravens, in that span. The former Blue Devil also got beat in the end zone against the 49ers.
He appeared in just seven games for the Bills last season and failed to record any stats.
Once Cockrell did join the team, Butler said, he was impressed by Cockrell's willingness to matchup up with Antonio Brown.
"He did pretty well against A.B. in practice," Butler said, "and he started refining his technique a little bit."
Follow @Jacob_Klinger_
Mayor Michael Bloomberg of New York (AP Photo)
(CNSNews.com) - Mayor Michael Bloomberg of New York said last week that the federal government should assign immigrants to live in cities such as Detroit and “if they survive seven years" make them citizens.
“All the federal government's got to do is say, ‘We're gonna welcome here in this country--first come, first served--families, if they're willing to come here under the following terms,: Bloomberg said in Boston on Aug. 14. "We're going to assign you a city--let's say Detroit--you got to agree to not be arrested and not take any federal, state or city money, and you've got to live there for seven years, and if you survive seven years, we'll make you and your family full citizens."
If the player does not load, please check that you are running the latest version of Adobe Flash Player.
Bloomberg was speaking along with News Corporation Chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch at a forum sponsored by the New England Council.
Bloomberg predicted if the federal government assigned immigrants to cities such as Detroit they would buy and fix up “houses that are derelict,” improve the local schools, create businesses and stimulate the local economy.
“Since they value education, they'd make a big fuss and demand the schools get better," Bloomberg said. "Immigrants have a very low crime rate, so that you certainly don't have to worry about that. They'd create businesses. If they had to drive to California every morning for three jobs and drive back at night, they'd do it, anything."
Bloomberg said this immigration-reform strategy would create jobs for people who are now unemployed.
“And you would get people to come here, and they would fill those cities with a vibrancy, and the people who are unemployed in those cities would all of a sudden have companies they can go to work for," said Bloomberg. "They'd get the jobs helping fix up the houses. They'd be in the schools. They'd be driving the buses. They'd be starting businesses of their own, because they'd see how other people can do it."
In certain situations, nothing can match the power and accuracy of a bow. Just ask Rambo, or watch this short video of a U.S. special forces unit from Utah called “Silent Warriors” from 1961.
This unit is unique in that it used a recurve hunting bow as a weapon of unconventional warfare. These bows could strike with swift silence from distances of up to about 50 yards. Recurve bows are accurate in the hands of a skilled archer, and very powerful, even those models shown in this video from the 1960s! Of course, today's compound bows are built much stronger, shoot faster and with even more accuracy than the recurves highlighted here.
The penetrating power of a bow and arrow with a razor-sharp broadhead attached is amazing, and without the position-revealing muzzle flash of a firearm, troops could attack in enemy territory completely undetected.
It's no wonder why Rambo preferred a bow and arrow over just about any gun. In fact, this Silent Warriors unit is probably where Rambo learned to use his bow to cause so much chaos.
via GIPHY
Image is a screenshot from Central Texas Bowhunter Facebook
What's Your Reaction?
Someone will die in hospital as junior doctors strike today and Wednesday. In fact about 1,200 patients will die on each day because, for better or worse, hospital is where most people do die. Expect an attempt to seek out a grieving family ready to blame the strikers: that's the risk the British Medical Association takes.
But emergency or maternity patients may not be put at great risk as consultants abandon their “cold surgery” lists to take over emergencies. Their waiting lists will lengthen even more than people in pain wait longer, but emergency patients will be getting good care from these most skilled doctors: some of their younger colleagues in training are often flying blind, in a secret state of panic.
Junior doctors strike will not put patients at risk, say senior medics Read more
A future indefinite strike is another matter: are both camps ready to keep raising the stakes? With each side shroud-waving, the juniors claim the imposed contract “puts patients at risk”, while Jeremy Hunt, the health secretary, rattles spurious statistics on weekend death rates. But the government has fatally damaged its case with a flat refusal to consider a sensible cross-party compromise, supported even by the Daily Mail and Sunday Times, to set up pilot schemes to test if the contract does reduce weekend death rates.
Dismissing the plan with a rude tweet, Hunt and David Cameron expect to beat the doctors into submission – treating this as their “miners' strike moment”. Give in now, they reckon, and the whole public sector will follow. But if the government does impose this contract, they may find it a very pyrrhic victory: winning a battle but igniting a public sector war.
Consultants are hugely supportive of their juniors, with presidents of 10 royal colleges sending a last-minute plea to Cameron to return to the table, for fear of “demoralising a group of staff on whom the future of the NHS depends”. They and the nurses now fear conflict over Cameron's seven-day NHS manifesto pledge, promised without a penny extra to implement it. As with all public employees, after long years of a freeze any pay rise is capped at just 1%, while national average pay rose over 3% last year. The NHS and local government have only survived austere cuts by this unprecedented real cut in public sector pay. The lid can't stay on that pressure cooker for 10 years.
Jeremy Hunt (@Jeremy_Hunt) Labour "plan" is opportunism - only 11% of junior docs go onto new contracts in August. We're staging implementation to ensure it works 1/2
A strike ballot of ambulance paramedics was called yesterday by Unison's Dave Prentis, who claimed that Hunt had reneged on a promise to upgrade their pay and conditions. But this is only part of the NHS issue, as gaping staff shortages add to the strain of coping with fast rising numbers of older patients. Hunt blundered in picking on the juniors first, already working long hours.
Take Dr Ellen McCourt, a junior in the emergency ward of a North Yorkshire hospital, who works one in every two and a half weekends. We spoke as she began her 13-hour Saturday shift, to be followed by 13 hours on Sunday. The new contract will make her work every other weekend and cut her pay: “I love what I do in emergency, the variety of cases, working with the sickest patients when you can help them most.” But she's a rarity: recruiting to emergency medicine is notoriously hard; on every shift she finds at least a fifth of doctors' slots unfilled. “There was a very good locum this weekend, but he's leaving for Canada.”
As she came off duty on Sunday evening, she described the weekend: 45 patients all the time, with 10-15 waiting to come into the ward. A 90-year-old with pneumonia, a young diabetic in a bad way, someone with blood clots on the chest. One patient came in to die: “The nurses juggled people round so she got a private room. She needed medication to see she wasn't breathless, anxious, in pain or distress. She wanted to talk about dying, she needed time.”
She marvels at how many teams flocked to one emergency – the respiratory, the intensive care and the crash teams, each with their own consultants: “And they say doctors aren't there at weekends!” She came off duty hardly knowing if it was night or day, having picked up a bad cold. No rest yesterday as she headed down to London for the vigil outside Hunt's office.
To bring these doctors out for the first time in decades has taken unprecedented provocation. Cameron threw in the “seven-day NHS pledge” without costing or defining it. No 10 says it means seven-day GPs – but GPs are struggling to cope as it is. NHS England says it only means emergency work – knowing it's already there. Hunt yesterday withdrew his previous idea that it meant round-the-clock elective surgery - phenomenally expensive.
All this is justified by alarming reports of “11,000 extra weekend deaths” – but that figure has been exposed, not least by the editor of the BMJ pointing to research suggesting that nursing and diagnostic staff matters most. More people admitted Friday to Monday do die – but no one knows how many or why. The King's Fund began work on the phenomenon but gave up, according to Candace Imison, then the fund's director of policy, now at the Nuffield Trust. Should they look at those admitted at weekends, or dying at weekends? How do you compute the different types and numbers of weekend admissions? How do you discover why? Professor Martin McKee wrote in the BMJ that the money needed to save one life under seven-day working would save more lives elsewhere.
Money matters in life-saving, as trusts' debts rise higher than ever. Hunt has threatened trust boards with the sack if they don't clear their debts without reducing quality, but that's an impossibility. The unfunded seven-day working pledge comes on top of a Treasury demand that the NHS “save” £22bn – another impossibility. The Care Quality Commission, itself cut by the Treasury, is raising the cost of its brutal inspections, making its victims pay. What a time to provoke NHS staff.
Senior NHS managers regard Hunt as a dead man walking, who will be gone in the post-referendum reshuffle. But Cameron is as much to blame for this calamity, so will the next minister sent in continue this pointless confrontation? What the NHS needs is someone to navigate gently through these multiple crises, stop provoking staff and be willing to arm-wrestle new money out of the Treasury. God forbid the NHS will be inflicted with another eager politician hoping to make their name with yet another Big New NHS Idea.
All Bible readers are tempted to make Jesus in their own image, and a study I mentioned in The Blue Parakeet: Rethinking How You Read the Bible makes a solid social-scientific case for that very observation. We all tend to toss onto the Bible's texts our projections the way we project onto the Rohrschach inkblots. Some of it is innocent, some if it is neither innocent nor dangerous, and sometimes it gets dangerous.
Sometimes this “in our own image” becomes vicious. Which is the point Susannah Heschel makes in her book, The Aryan Jesus: Christian Theologians and the Bible in Nazi Germany. Don't get this book in your hands unless you are ready to be disturbed. But I would urge you to get this book in your hands because we all need to be disturbed.
The reason to read this book is to warn us of how easy it is to slip into colonizing the Bible and Jesus into our own ideologies.
Here is the big picture. From the 1930s through WWII German Christians (that's a technical name) sought to de-judaize the Bible, Jesus, Christianity and the German churches. One of the principal leaders of this attempt was Walter Grundmann, a famous New Testament scholar whose commentaries on the Synoptic Gospels were the standard commentaries read by German scholars and pastors until the 1980s and 1990s. That's the big picture, so now some details … and you will have to read this exceptional study to get the details.
“At noon on Saturday, May 6, 1939, a group of Protestant theologians, pastors, and churchgoers gathered at the Wartburg Castle [of Luther fame]… to celebrate the opening of the Institute for the Study and Eradication of Jewish Influence on German Church Life” (1). This book weaves the story of this Institute, led by Grundmann, in and out of discussions of what was happening in Germany and what was happening in the German Christian movement. It's a story that makes me sick.
Here's what happened:
1. A Bible was produced called “The Message of God” that eliminated the Old Testament, that wiped out all traces of Jewishness, that cut out the biographical portions of Paul's life that made it sound like he was Jewish [the stuff was interpolation, they claimed], and that did everything possible to make the Bible Aryan and German and völkisch.
2. Jesus, it was argued, was an Aryan and not a Jew. Galilee, it was argued (blatantly wrongly), was not Jewish and it was Aryan, so Jesus was after all an Aryan.
3. The German Christian hymns and liturgies and catechisms were wiped clean of Israel and Old Testament and Jewishness. German baptized Jewish Christians were banned from the church.
4. Very, very few German Bible scholars or theologians opposed what was going on; some names who were: Hans von Soden, Hans Fischer and Ernst Haenchen.
5. The whole thing was driven by a racial theory that Jews were deformed and the Aryans were superior. The Aryan argument and the church were so intertwined that it became dialectical and mutually reinforcing.6. Some major scholars were at the heart and in the middle of it, including Grundmann, Gerhard Kittel (one of Grundmann's professors, and the editor of the famous Kittel dictionary), Emanuel Hirsch, Paul Althaus, Johannes Hempel, and others. Some scholars were at least stained, including Adolf Schlatter (one of Grundmann's teachers) and Gerhard von Rad (he saw the OT rejecting Jewishness but defended the importance of the OT). One center was the University of Jena, a thoroughly nazified university and faculty.7. When the war was over many, if not most, of these German Christian scholars and theologians and pastors were rehabilitated, including Grundmann. Their lame argument was to blame the whole thing on the Nazis and that the de-judaization effort was the only way they could preserve Christianity in Germany from Nazi destruction.
But there the animal was poached and much reduced. The sanctuary then became more interesting to Omanis for the oil beneath it. In 2007 it was the first place to be struck off the World Heritage list. Since then, there has only been one other delisting case - Dresden, Germany, which lost its cultural landscape status thanks to a bridge that opened last week. Now there may be a third. "The Coalition has never supported Labor's recent rushed and political World Heritage extension, which was put in place against the will of the Tasmanian people," said Opposition Leader, Tony Abbott. "And we will seek to have it removed."
The 170,000 hectare extension to the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area is seen as the crowning conservation achievement of three years of forest peace talks. Even the industry is urging the Coalition to think again. Made in the heat of an election campaign, surely this is an unachievable false promise by the Coalition? "No," said opposition environment spokesman Greg Hunt. "We can work with the international community on this. It's not difficult. That's what governments do all of the time." The generation of conflict in Tasmania centred on the tall old-growth native forests in this extension, and any attempt to remove them would send green activists back to the trenches. But it's a telling sign that Labor is not up and attacking the Coalition over this. Such is the state of blame in 8.4 per cent jobless Tasmania that defending forest conservation is not an option for the ALP.
Image copyright Other Image caption Lucy Proctor on the 13-mile run
Can men and women ever compete fairly in a sport like running? Yes, but it requires a little bit of maths know-how.
"What time did you get?" It is the first question runners ask of each other when the race is over. But is it the right question?
You see, distance running is unfair.
Men experience this unfairness as they get older. Ten miles into a half-marathon, older men can only struggle on with growing irritation as younger men - men who would not have stood a chance against them in their prime - sail past.
For women, the feeling of injustice comes as soon as we start racing.
Men have bigger hearts and can take in and move around oxygen much more efficiently than women can. So men can beat us even if we are "better" runners. So is it possible to adjust for age and sex to level the playing field?
To solve this maths problem I challenged my 52-year-old colleague David Lewis to race against me, a 28-year-old woman, in the Great North Run half-marathon.
Then I went in search of a statistician.
FIND OUT MORE Lucy Proctor will be talking about her challenge on BBC Radio 4's More or Less
The programme is broadcast at 1330 BST on Friday, 24 September... ...or listen to it later on the iPlayer
Alan Jones, a retired IBM engineer, is the ultimate number-crunching runner. For decades, he has worked on this very problem for World Masters Athletics (WMA) - the international association for veteran athletes.
Another running enthusiast and statistician, Howard Grubb, has used Alan's figures to create the excellent age-grading calculator now featured on the Runner's World website.
It is painstaking work. Alan plots the best time ever attained at each age and for both sexes over all the commonly run distances, using data from many competitions. He then plots them on a graph - one graph for each distance.
Alan then draws a curve just underneath the times. By comparing points on the curve to the world record time for the 10 kilometres and marathon races, he is able to work out an age-factor.
By multiplying any time at any distance by the correct age-factor and turning the new time into a percentage of the fastest time possible, we get the performance score - how good a given time is compared to the best.
Image copyright bbc
For example, if I get a time of one hour 40 mins, I first turn it into seconds - 6,000. Using Alan's tables, I can see the age-factor for my age of 28 is 1 - because I am too young to yet have one. So I just divide the top possible time for that distance by a woman - 3950 seconds - by 6,000 to see how I compare, and I get a performance score of 65.8%.
As women are only compared with other women, and men with other men, the performance percentage automatically adjusts for sex.
Alan's numbers give us the secret to a fair race. For example: if you compare the best possible time for men and women over a half marathon you get a factor of 0.8995. The age-factor for a 48-year-old man is also 0.8995.
So a young woman (younger than 30) can race against a 48-year-old male happy in the knowledge that it is a fair contest.
"Of course, it is fair anyway," says Alan. "If he runs faster than you, he runs faster than you. That's the nature of a race."
I chose to ignore that bit, as David and I made our way to Newcastle.
So, who won?
Alan's tables throw up an interesting Great North Run fact. Because he uses times for the marathon and 10km races to plot the half-marathon times, he has shown that the current female half-marathon world record set by Lornah Kiplagat in 2007 - one hour, six minutes and 25 seconds - is short of what should be possible.
How did they do? Image copyright Other Half marathon - 13.1 miles
Great North Run 2010 winning time: Haile GebreSelassie 00:59:33 (37-years-old)
Haile's performance score: 101.26%
David's finishing time: 1:40:23
Lucy's finishing time: 1:37:19
David's performance score: 67.86%
Lucy's performance score: 67.65%
His tables show the best possible time of 1:05:39. The fastest time ever run by a woman at half marathon was by our very own Paula Radcliffe, in the Great North Run, in 2003. She achieved 1:05:40- but, sadly, the Great North Run isn't recognised as a world record course.
Using Alan's tables and working backwards, I calculated out that if David and I were both to finish between one hour 30 minutes and one hour 40 minutes, I would have to beat him by at least three-and-a-half minutes just to get an equal percentage score of 68%. By 52, it seems, age is a greater handicap than sex.
In the end I finished exactly three minutes earlier than David. So according to Alan Jones, David beat me by 30 seconds.
But forget fairness. I still crossed the line first.
The federal government will decide in the fall whether resupplying Canada's navy or Arctic sovereignty is more important.
The Royal Canadian Navy and the Canadian Coast Guard each has major shipbuilding projects scheduled to be ready for construction at the same time around 2015.
[np_storybar title=”Matt Gurney: The Navy's long, winding road to new supply ships” link=”http://fullcomment.nationalpost.com/2013/06/09/matt-gurney-the-navys-long-winding-road-to-new-supply-ships/”%5D
After years and millions of dollars spent creating, reviewing and then disgarding potential designs for new Royal Canadian Navy supply ships, it was recently announced that Canada will just buy a German design and build that.
This is good news. But it took far too long to get here.
Canada's existing naval supply vessels are elderly. The younger of the two Protecteur-class ships in service with the Navy was commissioned in 1970 — 43 years ago. They have been scheduled for retirement and replacement for years, but budgetary pressures and difficulty coming up with a new design have repeatedly delayed the program, which was originally announced in 2004.
Continue reading …
[/np_storybar]
But the Vancouver shipyard slated to build them can only handle one project at a time, meaning work on either the Navy's new resupply ships or the Coast Guard's new polar icebreaker will have to be delayed.
Senior officials briefing reporters on background on the government's $35-billion national shipbuilding strategy Friday confirmed the conflict and said a decision is coming.
“It is clear that the decision will require that the production and delivery schedule for one of the projects be adjusted to accommodate the construction of the other,” said one Public Works official who could not be identified. “The final decision as to which project goes first will be made in the fall of 2013.”
There are major ramifications associated with putting off either project.
The navy's 50-year-old resupply ships are environmentally unsound and prohibitively expensive to maintain, while the coast guard's existing heavy icebreaker is also near the end of its life.
In addition, a delay to either project will have financial repercussions because of inflation and other increased costs, which means the government will have to either put in more money or accept fewer or less capable ships.
National Defence, the coast guard and the Public Works department will spend the summer assessing the potential impacts of delaying either project so an informed decision can be made.
“The decision will be based on a comprehensive assessment that will consider operational impacts such as the need to include ship-life extension and refit costs for existing vessels,” the Public Works official said. “The assessment will also include the readiness of each ship design, schedule optimization and risks.”
One coast guard official, who also could not be identified, said a study is already looking into what work will need to be done to keep the 44-year-old Louis S. St-Laurent heavy icebreaker in the water past its 2017 retirement date.
“That'll involve some investment in that vessel if we are to keep her in service should we not be the first of the large shipbuilds,” he said.
The answer is both of them should go first, but you can't do that
University of Calgary defence expert Rob Huebert said the Louis S. St-Laurent is nearing the end of its life and desperately needed, but so are new resupply ships, especially as Canada looks to increase its military presence in the Pacific Ocean.
“So there isn't an obvious clear answer as to which should go first,” he said. “The answer is both of them should go first, but you can't do that. So there's going to be some real hard decisions.”
The government officials maintained, however, that both the navy and coast guard are not contemplating stabbing each other in the back to make sure their ships are chosen first.
“It's important to understand that we're working on this together,” said one naval officer. “It is the government's fleet. … We're just at the beginning of the detailed work on that, and we are working together to produce it and to come up with the best options, the best solution for Canada.”
Meanwhile, the officials maintained confidence the shipyards in Vancouver and Halifax responsible for overseeing the majority of work associated with the $35-billion shipbuilding plan will be able to scale up and begin cutting steel soon.
Physical work on the first offshore fisheries and science vessels is scheduled to begin in Vancouver in 2014 and 2015, respectively, while the navy's new Arctic Offshore Patrol Vessels are to start coming together in Halifax in 2015.
A schedule for work on the first replacements for the navy's existing destroyers and frigates, which will also be built in Halifax, hasn't been decided yet.
The government also announced $488-million for about two-dozen smaller coast guard lifeboats and science vessels earlier this week, contracts for which will be bid on by shipyards that aren't part of the larger shipbuilding work.
Trader Jonathan Corpina works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange Friday, Aug. 1, 2014. U.S. markets steadied on Friday a day after a major sell-off. Investors focused on a relatively strong jobs report, which showed the U.S. economy created 209,000 jobs in July, the sixth straight month of job growth above 200,000. (Photo: Richard Drew/AP )
The Labor Department released Tuesday its latest monthly report on job openings and labor turnover, which is known by the acronym JOLTS.
It informs us that there were 4.7 million job openings across the country at the end of July. But what it doesn't tell us is that there were 9.7 million job seekers in July — more than twice as many looking for jobs as there were available jobs.
That's why we are not ready, as yet, to join President Barack Obama in declaring victory over joblessness. For, while the U.S. labor market has most certainly improved since the Great Recession ended midway through Obama's first term, it is nowhere near full employment.
Indeed, in August, the nation's unemployment rate declined a tick, to 6.1 percent, the Labor Department reported Friday in its monthly “employment situation summary.” That jobless rate is tied with June's as the lowest of the Obama presidency.
But there is less to that seemingly encouraging figure than meets the gimlet-eyed. Because it had nothing to do with idle workers find jobs and almost everything to do with nearly 3 million Americans dropping out of the workforce.
In fact, the nation's labor participation rate fell to 62.8 percent in August, the lowest level since Jimmy Carter haplessly sat in the Oval Office. And while some attribute the decline to the growing ranks of the retirement-aged, the fact is that most of the 3 million workforce dropouts are of prime working age, 25-54 years old.
If the White House is concerned about these disquieting trends within the nation's labor market, it isn't letting on. Instead, it is congratulating itself that Obama has presided over “the longest streak of job growth in history” — 10 million private-sector jobs over 54 straight months.
“This figure is a marker of the progress that has been made,” stated Jason Furman, chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisors. It is a sign of the “strength” of the Obama economy, wrote White House staff blogger Tanya Somanader.
Well, we see it differently. To us, the figure is a reminder that the nation's employers need to add another 20 million jobs — on top of the 10 million the White House celebrates — to employ all those looking for full-time permanent work.
That's why the 142,000 jobs created in August was such a disappointment. While it put a bow on the record 54th straight month of job growth, it also was the smallest monthly increase in 2014.
In fact, a headline in the New York Times suggested the August jobs report was so disquieting, it actually is “raising fear of malaise,” which we thought banished when Carter was turned out of the White House in 1981 by Ronald Reagan.
We remain wishful that the final two-plus years of the Obama presidency will produce more robust job growth than the previous nearly six and that the 20 million or so who've been left behind by the Obama recovery will find gainful employment.
Read or Share this story: http://on.thec-l.com/1rYyl38
Fed up with Harvey Weinstein, Roy Moore and Louis C.K.? This attorney general candidate can relate.
Dana Nessel is a Detroit-based attorney known for her advocacy of LGBTQ rights. Last August, she announced her bid for Michigan attorney general under the Democratic party. Her latest campaign ad, released on Monday, November 27, is turning heads nationwide.
In light of recent sexual harassment allegations against high-profile men, the ad argues that our government is in dire need of female representation. As headlines profiling a variety of misconduct cases appear onscreen, Nessel asks viewers, "Who can you trust not to show you their penis in a professional setting? Is it the candidate who doesn't have a penis? I'd say so.” She later provides a list of things she will not do, if elected: She will not tolerate sexual harassment in Michigan, she will not use tax dollars to silence victims, and she will not join right-wing lawsuits that make health insurance less attainable. Nessel also notes that she “won't walk around in a half-open bathrobe," a nod to Weinstein's behavior.
In addition to its clear anti-harassment rhetoric, Nessel's ad calls for an all-female ticket for Michigan's office in 2018, including herself alongside Democrats Gretchen Whitmer and Jocelyn Benson, who are running for governor and secretary of state, respectively. Should she be elected, Nessel would become the second female attorney general in Michigan's history, 19 years after her predecessor, Jennifer Granholm.
As for her critics, who argue that Michigan Democrats can't have a female-only ballot, Nessel offers a simple question.
“Pundits and insiders are asking, ‘Can we afford to have a female governor, a female attorney general, and a female secretary of state?'” she says. “Well, I read the news, and I bet you do, too. And it has me wondering: Can we afford not to?”
For more information about Nessel's campaign, visit DANA2018.COM.
Related: Donald Trump's Biggest Lies Since the 2016 Election
Great customer service starts with the way you relate to your employees. When you care for your workers, it reflects in the service they provide.
I experienced the power of this relation while working at a casino as a blackjack dealer. Each night, I was dealing cards to up to six players at once. I also had a supervisor at my back watching over the game.
I had to deliver the best customer service no matter what the mood was at the table. And the mood was swinging up and down for most of the time. When it comes to money, people tend to get emotional easily.
I enjoyed working with this particular supervisor, Frank. He would sidestep the standard procedure and let me do money-to-chips changes without calling him for approval to make our job easier. He trusted me. During the game he would whisper “Good job Anna” or “I've got your back with that client.” For most of the time he was calm, peaceful and attentive.
With him I felt safe and supported, but not watched. I could cope with emotional outbursts of the clients and calmly deal the cards. And I could deliver good service again and again.
While working with Frank, I noticed one simple rule regarding customer service: I was calm towards clients because he was calm towards me. In our work relationship, emotions played a big role.
Your emotions set the ground for your service
Various research in neuropsychology show that our emotions are infectious. One person's mood literally changes the chemistry in the brains of others. Emotions spread from the person in charge outward. So when you're in a leadership position, there is a great chance that the emotions will come from you.
When you get anxious, or simply angry, with your employee, you are weakening his or her ability to do a good job. And then the employee goes to the floor with weakened state of mind, interacts with customers and passes it on. In effect, you are creating your own problems.
When you appreciate your employees, you generate a positive mood which helps them to get better results. It feels good to be cared for and it's great to hear a genuine: “You matter, you count, you are important.” With those words in mind, it's easy to go out there and serve the clients.
Happy employees generate happy clients. Research has shown that employees can transfer their emotional state through emotions. Emotions are contagious like virus. Remember all those times when you saw a smiling face of a child and smiled back immediately? That was the emotional virus in action.
Employees with positive emotions positively influence customers. However, you need to watch out not to turn it into a procedure. The emotional influence is dependent on how much authentic an employee is during the interaction with a customer. If the employee is just acting, the emotional virus won't work.
Make your team members truly happy and help them stay in that frame of mind. The easiest way to do that is by making yourself happy first. Taking care for your emotional well-being will set a good example and influence your team, as a result making their service better.
Applied happiness
This approach was successfully adopted by Southwest Airlines co-founder and former CEO Herb Kelleher. He made employees happy and secure by caring about them. This resulted in an exceptional level of provided customer service.
Only this year Southwest Airlines was recognized as one of the best places to work by Glassdoor's Employees' Choice Awards. And last year it was named number one in Customer Service (the lowest consumer complaint rate) by the 2013 Airline Quality Ratings.
Tweets from customers picture that vividly:
Major Props to #southwestairlines for taking such good care of me today. I REALLY appreciate it :) — Erin Wilson (@erinwilson5) June 12, 2012
Just landed in #Tampa, without a doubt #southwest is the best airline, smooth flight and always friendly #customer for life — Jennifer Baker (@JennBaker0) August 11, 2012
By putting employees first, Herb Kelleher was able to bring empathy and care out of his employees. It resulted in great customer service.
Here's what he used to say about his approach:
“If the employees come first, then they're happy. A motivated employee treats the customer well. The customer is happy so they keep coming back, which pleases the shareholders. It's not one of the enduring Green mysteries of all time, it is just the way it works.”
Herb's thought makes me more than sure that fine customer service begins with the boss-employee relationship. Caring, attentive and emotionally aware leader can bring the best out of his people. And then those people can go out there and spread the good vibe to the customers. If you are a boss, it all starts from you.
If you liked this post you might also be interested in Famous Leadership Quotes to Explain the Difference Bentween Boss and Leader
Photo by Daniel Boud ©. All rights reserved.
Black American Sign Language (BASL) or Black Sign Variation (BSV) is a dialect of American Sign Language (ASL)[1] used most commonly by deaf African Americans in the United States. The divergence from ASL was influenced largely by the segregation of schools in the American South. Like other schools at the time, schools for the deaf were segregated based upon race, creating two language communities among deaf signers: White deaf signers at White schools and Black deaf signers at Black schools. Today, BASL is still used by signers in the South despite public schools having been legally desegregated since 1954.
Linguistically, BASL differs from other varieties of ASL in its phonology, syntax, and vocabulary. BASL tends to have a larger signing space, meaning that some signs are produced further away from the body than in other dialects. Signers of BASL also tend to prefer two-handed variants of signs, while signers of ASL tend to prefer one-handed variants. Some signs are different in BASL as well, with some borrowings from African American English.
History [ edit ]
Like many educational institutions for hearing children during the 1800s and early 1900s, schools for deaf children were segregated based on race.[2] The first school for the deaf in the United States, the American School for the Deaf (ASD), was founded in 1817 but did not admit any Black students until 1952. Of the schools for the deaf that were founded, few admitted students of color.[3] Seeing a lack of educational opportunities for Black deaf children, Platt Skinner founded the Skinner School for the Colored Deaf, Dumb, and Blind in 1856 in Niagara Falls, New York. Skinner described his school as "the first effort of its kind in the country ... We receive and instruct those and only those who are refused admission to all other institutions and are despised on account of their color."[4][5] The school moved to Trenton, New Jersey, in 1860. After it closed in 1866,[6][7] no Northern state created an institution for Black deaf children. Even after these states outlawed segregation by 1900, integration was sparse, as some institutions allowed Black students and others did not.[8][9]
After the foundation and success of the American School for the Deaf, many other institutions for the deaf were founded throughout the country. Since schools, particularly in the South, were segregated, many Southern states created separate schools or departments for Black deaf children. The first school established for Black deaf children below the Mason–Dixon line opened in the District of Columbia in 1857; it remained segregated until 1958. The last Southern state to create an institution for Black deaf children was Louisiana in 1938. Black deaf children became a language community isolated from White deaf children, with different means of language socialization, allowing for different dialects to develop. Because the education of White children was privileged over that of Black children, oralism—the prominent pedagogical method of the time—was not as strictly applied to the Black deaf students. Oralist methods often forbade the use of sign language, so Black deaf students had more opportunities to use ASL than did their White peers. Despite the decision in Brown v. Board of Education (1954), which declared racial segregation in public schools to be unconstitutional, integration was slow to come. Schools for the deaf were no exception: the last desegregated in 1978, 24 years after the decision.[10][11]
As schools began to integrate, students and teachers noticed differences in the way Black students and White students signed. Carolyn McCaskill, now professor of ASL and Deaf Studies at Gallaudet University, recalls the challenge of understanding the dialect of ASL used by her White principal and teachers after her segregated school of her youth integrated: "When I began attending the school, I did not understand the teacher and she did not understand me because we used different signs."[12] Carl G. Croneberg was the first to discuss differences between BASL and White ASL in his appendices of the 1965 version of the Dictionary of American Sign Language. Work has continued on BASL since then.[13][14]
As deaf education and sign language research continued to evolve, so did the perception of ASL. With the publication of the Dictionary of American Sign Language, ASL began to be recognized as a legitimate language. The greater acceptance of ASL as a language led to standardization and the development of a prestige dialect, which was based upon the signs used at Gallaudet University.[15] Despite this standardization, ASL has regional, distinct accents similar to those of spoken languages.[16] Dialects that are different from the standard one, and especially those spoken by marginalized groups, are often stigmatized.[17] As a non-standard dialect, BASL is stigmatized by signers and considered to be inferior to prestige dialects of ASL.[18] This difference in prestige has led BASL speakers to code switch to a prestige dialect when speaking with different groups of people, despite BASL being mutually intelligible with other dialects of ASL.[19]
A study of Southern Black signers found that when compared to older signers who attended segregated schools, younger black ASL signers express more positive attitudes toward the dialect. Older signers who attended lower quality schools due to the inequality of "separate but equal" clauses believed that white signing is higher quality because it appears to be more complicated. However, this is likely because the lack of ASL-skilled teachers in the black schools at the time; there is no evidence that white signing is more official or complex than Black ASL. Black signs are typically more like the "standard" signs taught in schools and textbooks. Black signing is also associated with rhythm and expression.[20]
Phonology [ edit ]
[22] The gray box represents the typical signing space of ASL. Signers of BASL are more likely to produce signs outside of this area than other signers.
When asked, many signers in the South gave anecdotal accounts of differences between the signing of Black and White signers. These differences turned out to be aspects of the differing phonology of BASL. Among these accounts were claims that Black signers had a larger signing space and used more two-handed signs. Investigation into these anecdotes has found correlations.[23]
When compared, Black signers were more likely than were White signers to produce signs outside of the typical signing space and to use two-handed signs.[22][24] Adverbs are most likely to use a larger signing space. Less marked forms, such as pronouns, determiners, plain verbs, and nouns, tend to be less likely to be produced outside the typical signing space.[22][25] The selection of two-handed signs over one-handed signs was found to have systematic constraints on their production. When the sign could be produced with one or two hands, Black signers often produced the variant that matched the handedness of the following sign; if the following sign was two-handed, they were more likely to produce a two-handed variant, while if the following sign was one-handed, they were more likely to produce the one-handed variant. The use of innovative one-handed forms, though, even in environments which favored them, did not exceed 50 percent.[26]
BASL signers further tend to favor lowered variants of side-of-forehead signs resulting in contact at the cheek. The sign KNOW is usually produced by placing the fingers of a flat hand on the temple, but when lowered the fingers make contact at the cheek.[27][28] Early research showed that BASL signers used these lowered forms at a rate of 53 percent, with grammatical category being the strongest constraint.[29] Other conditioning environments for lowered signs depend on preceding location; for instance, signs produced in front of the body lead to lowered sign variants, while signs produced at the head cause signers to favor non-lowered forms.[30]
Syntax [ edit ]
Unlike ASL, BASL allows for the frequent use of syntactic repetition. In a study conducted by McCaskill, of 26 signers (13 Black and 13 White), Black signers had 57 instances of repetition compared to 19 from White signers, and of those 19 instances, 18 were made by a single signer. The use of repetition by BASL signers is considered to be pragmatic rather than as a way to clarify meaning.[31]
A study in 2004 by Melanie Metzger and Susan Mather found that Black male signers used constructed action, with or without constructed dialogue, more often than White signers, but never used constructed dialogue by itself.[32] These results were not reproduced in a later study into constructed action and constructed dialogue by McCaskill, which found that Black signers not only used constructed dialogue, but did so more frequently than white signers.[33]
Lexical variation [ edit ]
Lexical variation between BASL and other dialects of ASL was first noted in the Dictionary of American Sign Language.[14] In a later study of 34 lexical signs, Black signers were found to have 28 signs that White signers did not know.[34] Older signers are more likely to use variant signs than younger signers. Most of these signs, having been developed in segregated schools for the Black Deaf, refer to everyday life. Younger signers of BASL are less likely to use these variants, but when asked about them are aware that older signers have and use these innovative signs.[35]
Borrowing from African-American Vernacular English [ edit ]
STOP TRIPPING The bent-v handshape used in the sign
A body of work has arisen looking at the similarities between Black American Sign Language and African-American English (AAVE), since both are language varieties marked by their use in African-American communities. In 1998 John Lewis investigated the incorporation of aspects of AAVE into BASL. He reported that, during narrative storytelling by a Black signer, there were "Ebonic shifts" marked by shifts in posture and rhythmicity and by incorporating side-to-side head movement. He concluded that this "songified" quality was related to the style of AAE.[36] This finding was not reproduced by McCaskill, which she attributes to the nature of the speech acts: Lewis analyzed a narrative event while McCaskill used natural or elicited data.[37] Lexical borrowing has been seen in BASL signers under age 3, which is likely due to the advances in mass media—younger signers would have more contact with AAE through movies, television, and the Internet.[38]
When asked about distinctive features of their signing, Black Deaf signers tended to identify a number of idioms borrowed from AAVE.[39] Some were literal translations, such as I FEEL YOU or GIRL PLEASE, which are signed the standard way but have meanings different from their literal interpretation.[40][41] Other loan words modified existing signs, such as STOP TRIPPING, which took the bent-v handshape of TRIP and moved it up to the head to indicate a new meaning of "stop imagining things".[42]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Loading
GTA 5 PC Mods are appearing for Grand Theft Auto's latest release. Modders are already taking advantage of the opportunity to get their hands on the vast open world of Los Santos.
SEE ALSO:
PC Cheats
Note that the use of some mods may include certain security, stability, and community-use risks. Avoid using Mods in GTA Online
Script Hook V + Native Trainer
[ edit ]
Loading
This mod is similar to the LinGon Trainer in that it allows players to modify their single-player experience by toggling on cheats, generating cash and spawning vehicles. It also allows players to alter their character model so they can play as a whale, a cow or one of the many other nonhuman denizens of San Andreas.
Download Script Hook V
Mayhem
[ edit ]
Loading
This mod, which was released by an "Unknown Modder", requires Script Hook V to work. It allows the player to unleash absolute mayhem on Los Santos / San Andreas, with cars randomly careening out of control in addition to granting the ability to fire other cars as missiles from their vehicle. Additionally, it gives gamers the option to create vortexes around them that will either destory any nearby vehicle, drag cars towards them or push them away with extreme force.
Download the Mayhem Mod v1.0
Spawn Heist Vehicles in Single Player [ edit ]
Want to grab an online Heist vehicle outside of GTA Online? Then try Heist Vehicles Spawn Naturally in Single Player by PlasticTangerine!
The LinGon trainer is a cheat mod for GTA 5 which allows players to skip weapon reloads, generate money at will, and impose several other game altering effects.
Loading
The Mod is fairly easy to set up. After booting into GTA 5's offline mode, simply launch the Mod as an Administrator and press INSERT to activate the cheats, then enter a corresponding cheat to utilize it.
Download LinGon Trainer
We don't recommend trying to use this in GTA Online.
Loading
Sticky cars that cling to ocean bottoms and sheer hillsides. Explore the ocean blue from the comfort of your favorite sedan.
Teleport to North Yankton [ edit ]
A new revision of Native Trainer allows some tweaked clipping and teleportation, including the ability to visit snowy North Yankton.
K-putt SweetFX Config [ edit ]
Configurations for K-putt's SweetFX optimized for GTA 5. Place files in GTA 5 root, and use Scroll Lock to activate. Adds new contrast and color.
Download SweetFX for GTA 5
FOV Mod [ edit ]
This Mod by DrDaxxy allows users to set their first person field of view outside the limits normally imposed by GTA 5
Download FOV Mod
Hydraulics [ edit ]
This mod adds hydraulics to all GTA 5 vehicles. The hydraulic controls allow you to leap into the air with any vehicle, crashing down on top of enemies and crushing them beneath you.
Download Hydraulics by LetsPlayOrDy
License Plate [ edit ]
Edit your license plate on the fly! Change your plate with a few keystrokes.
Download Customize Plate by PlasticTangerine
Was this guide helpful? YES NO
Above, we've got the official trailer for PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, the multiplayer battle royale shooter from developer Bluehole and Brendan Greene—the man who created the genre with his mods for Arma 2 and 3. If you like what you see, and you haven't had a chance to play it in closed beta, you don't have too much longer to wait: Battlegrounds will hit Steam Early Access on March 23.
The closed beta weekends for Battlegrounds have been popular on Twitch, and my own experience with the multiplayer shooter left me pretty darn impressed. There are more closed beta weekends coming, with the game being accessible to those with beta keys this coming Friday through Sunday, as well as the next. The closed beta schedule is currently set to wrap up on March 19, just before the game appears in Early Access.
You can pre-order Battlegrounds from its website. The standard edition will run you $30 and also net you a beta key, and there's an option to spend another $10 for the deluxe edition, which gets you a second beta key you can give to a friend. This deluxe edition also comes with some skins that "will later be marketable on the Steam Community Market." There's no word yet on when the marketplace for Battlegrounds will arrive, however.
When you're done with the trailer, have a look below at a few screenshots.
Australia, LeakyCon, Etc.
Hello all. I apologize for having been so silent for the last … no, I can't even look at the date of my last blog post. Nobody look. Let's all just agree it's been long enough.
I spent the past month in Australia, where my wife is from, and which is getting to be a kind of second home to me. This was the first time I'd brought all my kids with me, which resulted in some valuable life lessons, which I will now pass on to you:
1. If your toddler throws up on you during a snorkeling cruise, they will give you a free shirt
2. In any father's life there will come a moment when he is asked to open a coconut. It is best to prepare in advance
I began this post on a cross-country flight to Portland for LeakyCon, which is a kind of Harry-Potter-centered but basically pan-fandom convention, and it had a whole part in it about how much I was looking forward to it. Now I'm on my way back, temporarily becalmed in Seattle, and I'm thinking about how deeply, deeply excellent it was. It was my third time, and I'm here to tell you, LeakyCon is a special thing. It is not like anything else.
There are not many conventions where you can watch Anthony Rapp in a money-blowing booth, Amber Benson wriggling through a play tunnel, and Maggie Stiefvater playing bagpipes, and that doesn't even cover what happened at LeakyCon in the space of 90 minutes yesterday afternoon. (For example you could also have seen me face-plant into a ball pit.)
But more to the point, LeakyCon feels authentic to me in exactly the way that massive commercial events like Comic-Con don't really, not anymore. (LeakyCon : Comic-con : : PAX : E3, roughly, if that means anything to you.) Basically if you have any interest in seeing a bunch of smart, funny, kind, weird, interesting people who love the same things you love and want to talk to you about them, there is no better place to be. I respectfully recommend that you go. It will give you hope for the future.
In lieu of actually updating my Events page—which I would do except that I have developed a nasty allergy to raw HTML—I'll give you a short list of places you can see me this summer. After LeakyCon I'll be at Readercon in Massachusetts in July, then at the Decatur Books Festival and Dragoncon in Atlanta at the end of August. Oh, and I'll be at Tor.com's 5th anniversary party at Housing Works on July 24th.
OK, that was even shorter than I thought it was going to be. But I've been turning things down in order to work on The Magician's Land. It's due at the end of the August, and that's not a deadline I want to screw around with.
ESP proponents claim that ESP skeptics are psychic, and use their powers to suppress ESP
Clay sez, "Stuart Ritchie, a psychology doctoral student in Edinburgh, worked with two colleagues to try to replicate the results of a famous recent experiment, claiming people could predict in advance whether they were about to be shown erotic images. When the three failed to find any such evidence for ESP they sent their results out for publication, and the British Psychology Journal, one of the journals to which it was sent, in turn sent the trio's article out for review. When Ritchie et al got the responses back '...there were two reviews, one very positive, urging publication, and one quite negative. This latter review didn't find any problems in our methodology or writeup itself, but suggested that, since the three of us (Richard Wiseman, Chris French and I) are all skeptical of ESP, we might have unconsciously influenced the results using our own psychic powers.' They are still looking for a place to publish their findings
Anyway, the BJP editor agreed with the second reviewer, and said that he'd only accept our paper if we ran a fourth experiment where we got a believer to run all the participants, to control for these experimenter effects. We thought that was a bit silly, and said that to the editor, but he didn't change his mind. We don't think doing another replication with a believer at the helm is the right thing to do, for the reason above, and for the reason that Bem had stated in his original paper that his experimental paradigms were designed so that most of the work is done by a computer and the experimenter has very little to do (this was explicitly because of his concerns about possible experimenter effects). So, after this very long and unproductive delay, we're off to another journal to try again. How frustrating.
Wait, Maybe You Can't Feel the Future
(Thanks, Clay!)
(Image: Marina Psychic Tells Past - Present - Future, a Creative Commons Attribution (2.0) image from dsifry's photostream)
Getty Images
On Monday, we shared a report that Bears cornerback Charles Tillman appeared to escape serious injury in Sunday's win over the Vikings.
At that time, Tillman was thought to be dealing with a problem in his right ankle but that might not be right. Vaughn McClure of the Chicago Tribune gives a little more color on the injury that Tillman suffered in the game. A league source tells McClure that Tillman has a chipped bone in his right foot.
The good news for the Bears is that there's no change in the outlook for Tillman the rest of the season. The cornerback, who hasn't missed a game since the 2009 season, is expected to remain in the lineup despite the injury. It's also thought that he could have returned to Sunday's game if the score was closer than 28-10.
Tillman is a contender for defensive player of the year honors this year thanks to his two interception returns for touchdowns and seven forced fumbles. Keeping him in the lineup and playing well would do a lot for the Bears' chances of remaining on top of the NFC North the rest of the way.
​Using GraphQL with Angular 2
Hello. In this article I will tell you about the basics of working with GraphQL in Angular 2 environment.This article will be of interest to those who have played enough with REST resources in their apps and are looking for something more lightweight, versatile and easy. Or maybe you are facing the choice of technology stack for your next project.
How did it all begin?
No, I'm not talking about the history of the GraphQL creation. Guys from Facebook created it, and you can read about it in much more detail on the project's website. I mean, what should happen in the developer's life that he would give up all the usual and well-established paradigms and begin to rebuild all of his services to work with GraphQL. And why should he want it, since REST satisfies the needs for building API. Or does it?
What's wrong with REST?
There's nothing wrong really. I do not even remember the cases when once the question “what should be used to build the API" has been arised, I haven't thought about Django + Django Rest Framework. And it's true, it allows you to create an API quickly and easily and switch to more important matters.
- So is this an ideal?
Sort of. But very soon after the launch of the project we will want to "optimize" traffic and decide to get the items list while using limited serializer with limited number of fields, which we need just in this particular list view. It is a common practice in whole, and it is easy to configure it in DRF.
- Excellent, everyone is happy.
No, not everyone. It's like a snowball. And as soon as the first FooListSerializer appears, FooShortListSerializer appears too, and there are also BaseFooListSerializer + BaseFooDetailSerializer with them with a good quantity of mixins and subclasses to somehow streamline the code, and keep up with the DRY principle. In order to understand which specific serializer you need at every specific moment, you teach api to receive its name through query_param, and then create new API endpoint in order not to mix the person / client / user data, even though it is the same model.
Eventually you end up with 2-7 serializers and 1-2 endpoints for each of your 100 models, and it has to be maintained somehow. And also you have mobile applications on three platforms that already make you maintain multiple versions of the API at the same time.
Oh, and do not forget that it is running not just in one direction. Also, you have the data that comes from a client with POST / PUT / PATCH requests, and you need to know which serializer to use. There may be some options as well. Fun \o/
- Come on, everything's not always so difficult.
Yes, you're right, in my experience I have participated in only one project where there have been 150 django models to about 200+ API endpoints, 400+ serializers, and it was still fun. More often, everything is much easier. But this is not the reason to think about it in advance, unless your project becomes unmaintainable. At least you should be ready for it and have some tricks up your sleeve.
- Fine, sure. And what about the client app? We're here to talk about ​GraphQL with angular 2, right?
Yes, it seems to be simpler, but Angular2 forces us to use TypeScript, and to make things right, each time when sending queries to the API, we need to know what we will get (what fields and what types). This means that the entire set of serializers must somehow be repeated in the interfaces of angular models. Fun continues? I'm not sure :)
And what should I do with all this?
Do you remember how we decided to receive the serializer name from the client application as a parameter, so that the server could know what we need and in what form everything should be packed? So, this is a wake-up call. This is the moment when we allow the client application to manage the server, and specify how RESTful service should look. The guys from Facebook came up to this point as well, but went no further. They turned off the trail, took their own way. So in this way, they came to the GraphQL implementation.
How to try it?
Firstly, we need to set several libraries on our Angular2 application.
$ npm i --save graphql graphql-tools apollo-client angular2-apollo graphql-tag
Then we need to create a GraphQL client somewhere, through which we will communicate with our backend
Predicting the West in 2017
ESPN.com recently forecasted the Rockets to finish 8th in the West, behind the Jazz, Thunder, and Grizzlies. Not surprisingly, the Warriors and Spurs are predicted to finish atop the standings, followed by the Clippers and Portland.
I have no problem with the top three, and I think the Clippers would be wise to hang onto their nucleus and hope for the best. But Portland is too high at fourth. Why the excitement over the Blazers? I don't think they're better than Houston. And same goes for the Thunder. Westbrook will keep them competitive, but sixth is far too high. I do agree, however, that Utah will probably finish somewhere within the realm of respectability.
The ESPN piece notes that “the departure of Dwight Howard cost Houston a strong interior presence on defense,” a point which is not very factually accurate. The Rockets will sorely miss his rebounding, but Dwight Howard was not very good defensively last season. I've beaten those numbers into the ground.
I honestly think the Rockets can finish as high as second in the West. Anyone outside of Houston would call that statement crazy, but you'd think I was crazy two years ago if I told you the team would end up finishing second – and this iteration has just as much talent, if not more. Similarly, the Rockets could easily be as low as missing the playoffs altogether. The range for this team is very wide.
They're better just from removing Dwight. And you'd think finally surrounding Harden with actual shooters could lift the team to new heights. On the flip side, the defense has the potential to be very bad. Injuries are also a risk.
Eighth is very fair. There's no reason for anyone to expect anything of this team. Maybe that's when they're at their best.
I've decided I'm no longer attending programming meet-ups. The reason I'm no longer attending is because they're free.
To be more accurate, it's because of all the adverse effects of free. “Free” means having no expectations. It means taking what you're given. It means the value isn't obvious or measurable. It means, frankly, they're not sure if anyone would show up if it weren't free. It also means they can charge you in ways that aren't monetary.
Some common characteristics of programming meet-ups:
The event is mislabeled. You come for X, but learn Y instead.
You come for X, but learn Y instead. The core material begins late. You don't expect or want food, but you are told how there would have been pizza, but the pizza got lost in transit, because someone named Peggy signed for it, but no one named Peggy works there.
You don't expect or want food, but you are told how there would have been pizza, but the pizza got lost in transit, because someone named Peggy signed for it, but no one named Peggy works there. The presenter hasn't prepared. You squint at poorly-indented code without the benefit of syntax highlighting.
You squint at poorly-indented code without the benefit of syntax highlighting. The presenter talks down to the audience. You learn how much the presenter enjoyed attending MIT and how many Fortune 500 companies the presenter has worked for.
You learn how much the presenter enjoyed attending MIT and how many Fortune 500 companies the presenter has worked for. The sponsor's presence dominates. You are told: “Have you heard about Z? It's great. There's a free tier. You'd have to be an idiot not to use Z. I use Z all the time, and I'm very successful. Let's take five minutes so I can walk you through Z's dashboard.”
You are told: “Have you heard about Z? It's great. There's a free tier. You'd have to be an idiot not to use Z. I use Z all the time, and I'm very successful. Let's take five minutes so I can walk you through Z's dashboard.” The Wi-Fi doesn't work. You enjoy watching your web browser send packets into oblivion as your OS attempts and fails to demystify the venue's network capture scheme.
It's hard to blame the meet-up groups themselves. They're trying. Their organizers do invest legitimate effort into fielding speakers, promoting their talks, and creating a welcome space. But it's a really inefficient medium for learning anything.
A few days ago, Smashing Magazine, of all places, published a tremendous article on HTTP/2 Push. It's great—thorough, well-edited, timely—some things I'd never expect from a meet-up. It's also free. Plus I can skim it. And if it weren't good, I could have found a different article or book or talk on the topic.
But the low to zero cost of meet-ups means there's little incentive to produce quality presentations. The groups attract people who want to show off their pet projects or who are cajoled into speaking by their managers. The speakers simply don't have the skill or interest or time to captivate a professional audience. Even though presentations can be very effective means of teaching, preparing a talk takes time, far more time than writing an article.
I'm sure meet-ups have value for some people, some of the time. If you want to meet other programmers, go. Or if you want to see what's new in a related field, go. But otherwise, if you're looking to learn something, well, there's a whole world wide web for that.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday lashed out at the West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee for the recent sit-in protest against proposed questioning of Kolkata Police Commissioner Rajeev Kumar by the CBI.
Addressing a BJP rally in Jalpaiguri, PM Modi said, “it was for the first time that a chief minister had staged a dharna to protect the fraudsters who looted lakhs of poor people.”
Mamata Banerjee had launched ‘Save Constitution' dharna against the CBI move to question Kolkata police chief in the chit fund scam cases.
Attacking the ruling Trinamool Congress, the PM said, “The Trinamool Congress government has defamed the soil of West Bengal and rendered people helpless.”
“Those who got power in Bengal in the name of ‘Maa, Maati, Manush' have adopted culture of violence,” Modi said.
“This ‘chowkidar' will spare neither the perpetrators of chit fund scams nor those protecting them,” he said.
Opinion
» Fishermen Can Work Together to Improve the Fishery
Opinion
Fishermen Can Work Together to Improve the Fishery
Posted on by
Share this
Roger Fleming is an attorney with Earthjustice. Roger has been working in fisheries law in New England and Washington, D.C. since 2001.
One of the most rewarding aspects of my involvement in New England fisheries management over the past 10 years has been the opportunity to work with fishermen to find solutions to the problems facing the resource and their fishing businesses. Unfortunately, this past year has been disappointing in one major regard. At a time when there is good cause for optimism, having made historic strides in bringing New England's groundfish fishery back, the year has been marred with too much vitriolic mudslinging and counterproductive tactics by some parts of the industry, and those advocating on their behalf. As a result, we're not as far along as we should be. The fishery would be better served if this frustration were redirected toward finding ways to make the current system work better.
Honest disagreements based on differing views of the facts are part of the fishery management process and typically result in better policies. But when industry participants, their advocates or commentators play fast and loose with the facts, spin wild and baseless conspiracy theories, or attack fellow fishermen, no one benefits, including those that could use some help.
If you listened carefully throughout the year, you could hear valuable advice from many of the most experienced and influential industry leaders for managing the transition to sector management, and productive ideas for improvement. But this was almost always drowned out by angry and aimless shouting from others. We need to move forward. As end of the year reports roll in, I am struck by the increasing volume of calls for overall management stability. Yet, things could still be improved.
Here are some observations for how more fishermen could come together to improve the fishery in the coming year:
1) Pay for advocates, and other services, that will honestly and objectively assess the facts and help find solutions, not perpetuate myth and foster resentment and hatred.
2) Work with political representatives on solutions that address the problems fishermen face now, not measures designed to reinstate policies that failed both the resource and New England's fishing businesses.
3) Work on the management changes already under development, such as permit banks, monitoring program improvements and measures to facilitate more catch of the healthier stocks. With broader engagement from fishermen working together, these proposals could be made stronger.
4) If you're convinced that the sector approach is not the right long-term solution, make its inherent flexibility work in your favor by experimenting to develop better approaches.
5) Develop the united front necessary for getting results from Congress and regulators in order to get the appropriations and regulatory responses needed to improve monitoring, the quality and speed of stock assessment science, and other management improvements.
New England's groundfish fishery would be stronger if everyone with an interest worked civilly with each other. The fact that most catch limits are going up, the condition of most stocks is improving, and as a result revenues are looking up, represents a solid start. It took years to get the fishery into the poor condition it was in – now is the time to play a focused and positive part in shaping what the fishery will look like in the future.
An Indiana police chief's day ended with a bang when he accidentally shot himself in the leg on Saturday – the second time in his career that he's turned his own gun on his body.
David Councellor is running to become Fayette County's new sheriff, but he chose the wrong way to make headlines when he unintentionally discharged his 40-caliber Glock handgun while perusing other firearms at a local gun shop.
A 33-year veteran of the Connersville Police Department, Councellor had taken his Glock out to compare it to another gun in the store. When he tried putting the gun back into his holster, he found himself shooting his own thigh.
“I need to pay more attention,” Counceller said to the Palladium-Item. “I know what the dangers are. It was pure carelessness on my part.”
“It got tangled in my clothing,” Counceller added. “I was wearing a sweatshirt and a fleece jacket. I felt (the gun) go in the holster and I pushed it, but it was tangled in the material which caused it to discharge. The bullet went into my leg and then into the floor.”
Councellor suffered a flesh wound and was able to drive himself to the hospital for treatment. He said that he would be back to work on Tuesday.
Although Connersville Mayor Leonard Urban called Counceller “an excellent marksman,” this isn't the first time the police chief has shot himself. About 15 years ago, he accidentally discharged his gun into his hand.
Despite his accidents, Councellor is hoping to draw some lessons from the unfortunate situation.
“If anyone says this could never happen to them, they're mistaken,” Counceller said. “You have to keep your guard up at all times. Some candidates are out there doing things for kids to try to get elected. Me, I shoot myself. What a way to get publicity.”
Black Woman Artist Poses Nude at Former New York City Slave Trading Sites, Including Wall Street
New York has a reputation for being a melting pot, but it also has a strong history of slave trading. For her photo series, White Shoes, artist Nona Faustine wanted to call attention to that history and its enduring legacy.
“As a time traveler I'm very invested in the past and our future. I see myself, the people who built this city and country as one. They deserve so much recognition for their sacrifice and contributions, something that is still being denied them. There was a force deep inside of me that needed to pay homage to those who played a pivotal role in the early history of this city, and the spaces in which they existed. I wanted to uncover those places where a tangible link to the past exists. Being a documentarian at heart I wanted you to feel and see those spaces, let your mind wonder. What does a Black body look like today in the place where they sold human beings 250 years ago? No other medium but photography and film could do that. ”
Although American slavery is often painted as a Southern legacy, it was an integral part of the culture and economy of Northern states also, including New York;
“Slavery was introduced to Manhattan (then New Amsterdam) in 1626 and, for two centuries, remained a significant part of New York life. In fact, the New York City Common Council declared Wall Street the city's first official slave market on December 13, 1711, deeming it a space where human beings could be enslaved for the day or for the week. The slave market took the shape of a wooden structure with open sides, and held approximately 50 people at a time. It operated as such, on the corner of Wall Street and Pearl Street in the heart of the Financial District, until 1762. Slavery was legally abolished in New York in 1827.”
The use of women's bodies for sociopolitical reasons is still very controversial, particularly for black women. Black woman protesters recently marched topless during San Francisco rush hour to draw attention to police brutality against black women, a move that drew both admiration and criticism.
As for Faustine, shedding her clothes publicly was both exhilerating and challenging;
“My eyes are wide open, and still I'm there and not there. My body is pumping with adrenaline. My anxiety is extremely high. During all that, you filter out as many abstractions as possible so that you can maintain some sort of composure for the camera as people, cars and buses go by. My senses are elevated. Sounds in particular I hone into. I have this feeling of being watched, by something or someone not actually there at times. I'm extremely aware of my presence in these places.”
Faustine's photo series was inspired in part by Saartjie “Sarah” Baartman, known as Venus Hottentot; a Khoikhoi African woman whose large buttocks and curvy figure were exhibited in freak shows throughout 19th century Europe.
As for the white shoes in Faustine's photography, they represent “the white patriarchy that we cannot escape.”
What do you think of the White Shoes photo series?
You can find Nona Faustine on Instagram and Facebook.
Elios83 said: This is not true. In fact from now on Sony is pushing both third parties and their studios to either make a PS4 game or a cross platform game Vita/PS3. We have already seen the first results of this with a few announcements from japanese developers.
About The Last Guardian it doesn't make a lot of sense to skip a PS3 version completely.
I guess the best approach would be to handle the situation like Nintendo did with Zelda on GC/Wii. Click to expand...
BadWolf said: Yeah if its PS4 then I expect another 1 or 2 year wait, they won't blow a high profile game like this at launch or close to it when the installation base will be so small. Click to expand...
I really don't get the feeling that TLG will be a cross-gen title. First of all, the architectures are very different and it probably wouldn't make immediate sense financially. Secondly, the reason Sony would want TLG on PS4 is to drive PS4 adoption (which is smart, because you'd be getting a ton of 'gamers' who will buy a lot of your software on the system right off the bat). If the game is cross-gen, the attraction it brings to PS4 is almost completely diminished.Lastly, and this is kind of a gut-feeling, is that TLG seems like a game (based on what little info we have, and off of Team Ico's past work) that exists right on the ceiling of a generation. I think that when it comes to TLG and PS4, if they made that decision then they would go ahead and break the shackles of PS3 limitation that was holding them back in the first place.So there are like three really solid reasons why I wouldn't expect the game on both platforms. But who knows?I expect Sony to have a pretty impressive launch line up. It's not exactly blown either. With compelling software you have a serious early advantage in platform adoption, which is the most pivotal time to have an advantage. You get a bunch of the core gamers to decide on your system early and you've got a bunch of people dedicated to your system and ready to buy software, which provides another fundamental boost when third parties start to see high attach rates on the platform. Honestly I think the beginning of the generation is the absolutetime to focus first party efforts. You use your first parties to get people to decide on your system and then third parties jump on board and fill the library up while you work on the rest of your projects from a place of relative safety. Chances are that later buyers will still look at your launch games if they are big franchises/good games anyway, but someone has to bite the launch install base bullet to get people on the system and third parties can't be expected to do it.
Breitbart's editor-in-chief made an appearance on the conservative website's daily radio show to denounce comments made by his underling Milo Yiannopoulos defending and endorsing sex between grown men and boys as young as thirteen.
Alex Marlow said Tuesday that video of the comments came as a “total surprise to people in the Breitbart administration,” and that they found them “very troubling and upsetting… the bottom line is the comments are not defensible.”
Marlow didn't announce any punishment or termination of the senior Breitbart editor, but promised answers later in the day: “Milo's going to have a press conference later today, and he's going to talk about his future with Breitbart. He's going to talk about a bunch of different things.”
“The comments are absolutely indefensible, they're appalling, and very disappointing that those came out,” he reiterated. “However, there is context. Some of the context is that Milo is a gay man, who was abused as a child. These are not irrelevant.”
Despite his denunciations, Marlow accused anti-Trump conservatives and liberals of digging up the video as a “coordinated hit.” He also accused the media of hypocrisy, saying that Lena Dunham and Roman Polanski‘s actions were much worse.
“There are millions of examples of the left normalizing behavior similar to what Milo describes,” he insisted.
Listen above, via Brietbart.
[image via screengrab]
——
>>Follow Alex Griswold (@HashtagGriswold) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
A gunman wearing a ski mask stormed into a Nashville-area church on Sunday, shooting seven people, including the pastor, before attacking a church usher who ultimately subdued him with a personal weapon, Nashville police said.
The shooting — which left a 39-year-old woman dead — occurred shortly before noon at Burnette Chapel Church of Christ in Antioch, Tenn., about 12 miles southeast of downtown Nashville. Police identified the shooter as Emanuel Kidega Samson, 25, of Tennessee, a Sudanese native who they said is a legal resident of the United States and apparently had attended worship services at the church in recent years. Police said Samson will be charged with murder and attempted murder.
Don Aaron, a spokesman for the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department, said Samson drove up to the church and shot and killed a woman who was standing near her vehicle in the parking lot. The shooter — who police said was armed with two handguns — then entered the church through a rear door, shooting and wounding six people inside.
Police say Emanuel Kidega Samson, 25, shot seven people in a Nashville-area church on Sunday, Sept. 24. (Metro Nashville Police Department/Metro Nashville Police Department)
At some point, the gunman also pistol-whipped a church usher, causing "significant injuries" to the man, Aaron said. The usher, 22-year-old Robert "Caleb" Engle, confronted the gunman, police said, and during a struggle, Samson was wounded by a shot from his own gun. The usher then ran to his car and retrieved a handgun, police said.
Aaron said the usher ensured the gunman did not make any more movements until officers arrived. "It would appear he was not expecting to encounter a brave individual like the church usher," Aaron said.
Police Chief Steve Anderson praised Engle for intervening: "We believe he is the hero today."
The shooting comes a little more than two years after Dylann Roof, a white supremacist, shot and killed nine people inside an African American church in Charleston, S.C. Roof is awaiting execution after being convicted in federal and state cases.
Authorities on Sunday did not release a motive for the Antioch attack. But in a statement, the U.S. Attorney's Office in Nashville said it had opened a federal civil rights investigation.
"The FBI will collect all available facts and evidence," said David W. Boling, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office. "As this is an ongoing investigation we are not able to comment further at this time."
Police identified the deceased victim as Melanie Smith, 39, of Smyrna, Tenn. The six surviving victims, all described as being between the ages of 60 and 83, are being treated at Nashville-area hospitals, as is the usher. The church's pastor, Joey Spann, 60, and his wife, Peggy, 65, were among the injured.
Smith was a longtime church member with two teenage children, said Linda Grimes, 51, of nearby La Vergne, who is friends with Smith's sister. "She was a devout Christian and she loved God," Grimes said. "It's a sad day for everyone here in the flesh, but she's face-to-face with her maker. I'm sure of that."
Police said Samson was taken to a hospital to be treated for a gunshot wound to the chest. He was later released and was expected to appear before a judge late Sunday night.
Police said Samson moved to the U.S. from Sudan in 1996. Nashville has a vibrant Sudanese community, and the city's churches frequently host and help care for refugees.
Aaron said the gunman left his vehicle idling after he pulled up to the church, and he was wearing a "neoprene mask, best described as a ski mask." About 50 parishioners were inside the church at the time, police said.
Police said the mask concealed the shooter's identity, but when police told parishioners who had been arrested, several gasped because they remembered him attending the church multiple times one or two years ago.
Jimmy Merritt, 68, of La Vergne, said he was near the front of the sanctuary when he heard the shots. He thought they were fireworks but then saw "folks started going down" and, after the shooter was subdued, saw "people lying everywhere and blood everywhere."
Merritt said he met and spoke with Samson when he attended the church a few years ago. He said Samson and three other men who came together seemed like nice guys.
Doug Ramey, 45, of Murfreesboro, Tenn., said he met with Engle, the usher, at TriStar Skyline Medical Center, where he was being treated for injuries including a separated shoulder. Ramey said Engle told him he sprang into action after hearing gunshots inside and outside the church.
Engle told Ramey that he approached the shooter thinking he had his handgun on him, but he realized that he didn't and instead engaged in a hand-to-hand struggle. After Samson was shot in the struggle, Engle's father stood guard over him while Engle went to get his firearm from his vehicle. When he returned, Engle put his gun on Samson and held him down with his foot, Ramey said.
"Robert said the guy didn't say a word," Ramey said as he stood at the police barrier at the church on Sunday afternoon, waiting for Engle's girlfriend, who remained with other worshipers as police continued to gather evidence. "He had a mask on the whole time."
Police investigate outside the Burnette Chapel Church of Christ after a deadly shooting on Sunday. (Andrew Nelles/AP)
Shortly before the shooting, Samson appears to have left cryptic messages on what appeared to be his Facebook page.
"Everything you've ever doubted or made to be believed as false, is real. & vice versa, B.," said one message, apparently posted shortly before the attack.
"Become the creator instead of what's created. Whatever you say, goes," another read.
Samson's other recent posts dealt with fairly routine matters, including photographs of what appeared to be his physical progression as a body builder and concerns over the hurricanes threatening the United States.
Aaron said authorities are working on determining a motive for the shooting but are not ready to release it publicly.
"There are certain things that have come to our attention that are under investigation, but that remains to be announced," Aaron said.
A massive police presence remained at the Burnette Chapel on Sunday afternoon, with a police officer standing guard on Pin Hook Road a quarter mile from the church, turning away motorists.
The church is in Antioch, a working-class neighborhood and one of Nashville's most diverse. Located in a rural area in the southeastern corner of Nashville's combined city-county boundary, the church also serves La Vergne in neighboring Rutherford County, where auto factories are among the region's largest employers.
On social media, the church has posted inclusive messages and photographs showing a congregation that reflects the diversity of the surrounding neighborhood, which is majority white, but also includes sizable black, Hispanic, and foreign-born populations.
In a statement, Nashville Mayor Megan Barry said the shooting was a "terrible tragedy."
"My heart aches for the family and friends of the deceased as well as the wounded victims and their loved ones," Barry said. "My administration, especially Metro Nashville police, will continue to work with community members to stop crime before it starts, encourage peaceful conflict resolution and promote nonviolence."
Kaitlyn Adams, a member of the Burnette Chapel Church of Christ, hugs another worshiper at the scene after shots were fired at the church on Sunday. (Andrew Nelles/AP)
Craig reported from Washington. Julie Tate in Washington contributed to this report.
While at Georgia Tech, Demond Smith recorded 181 tackles (7 1/2 for loss), nine pass breakups and one interception. Credit: Jason Getz
By of the
Green Bay — Demond Smith, a safety from Georgia Tech, became the 19th undrafted free agent to sign a deal with the Green Bay Packers, according to a source.
At 5-11 1/2 and 200 pounds, Smith was a three-year starter at Georgia Tech and spent his senior year at free safety. He made 51 tackles (2 1/2 for loss) and recorded one pass breakup last season. For his career, Smith finished with 181 tackles (7 1/2 for loss), nine pass breakups and one interception.
He ran the 40-yard dash in 4.54 seconds and posted a vertical leap of 34 inches.
A native of Monroe, Ga., Smith was a high school quarterback who earned all-state honors as a senior. He ran an option offense at Monroe Area High School and finished with 1,795 yards rushing (a school record) and 25 touchdowns as a senior. He also passed for 431 yards and five touchdowns.
Smith's deal with the Packers included an undisclosed signing bonus, according to a source, and he also received interest from the Atlanta Falcons and New England Patriots. In addition to the undrafted free agents the Packers are bringing to rookie orientation later this week, they have invited a host of players to camp on a tryout basis.
One of the more interesting is Georgia Tech running back Broderick Snoddy, who is a due to injury wasn't able to show a lot in his final two years. But the 5-8 1/2, 192-pound slot back had an impressive pro day and will get a chance to show the Packers what he's like when he's healthy.
Over the past two years, Snoddy carried just 48 times because of a broken hand in '15 and a broken leg in '14. But he averaged 9.73 yards per carry and scored three touchdowns.
At his pro day, he ran the 40-yard dash in 4.46 seconds, had a 32-inch vertical leap and a 10-foot-4 broad jump. He benched 225 pounds 15 times. Snoddy holds the Georgia Tech record in the 60-yard dash.
Another interesting tryout participant is German wide receiver Patrick Donahue. NFLDraftDiamonds.com reported he would be at Packers camp this week. He is 5-10, 195 pounds and ran a 4.4-second 40. He was a teammate of Moritz Boehringer, the workout wonder who was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings.
Here are some other players who, according to their agents or published reports, are expected to attend the camp on a tryout basis:
■ DE Kyle Steuck, Northern Michigan, 6-3, 317 pounds, 5.25 40-yard dash
■ RB Savon Huggins, Northern Iowa, 5-11, 208, 4.58
■ QB Gary Nova, Rutgers, 6-1 1/2, 222, 4.73 (undrafted in 2014)
■ WR Mitch Skarban, Wisconsin Lutheran, 6-4, 195, no recorded 40 time
■ G Lucas Patrick, Duke, 6-2 1/2, 313, 5.26
■ G Cory Tucker, Slippery Rock, 6-4, 314, no recorded 40 time
■ DE/OLB Dale Pierson, Iowa State, 6-2, 245, 4.88
Packers coach Mike McCarthy has yet to release the date and times of the rookie camp, but it is expected to be this week.
Michael Friedman, a composer and lyricist whose musical “Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson” played on Broadway in 2010, died Saturday at age 41.
He died of complications from HIV/AIDS, according to New York's Public Theater, where he was an artist in residence and director of the Public Forum.
In addition, Friedman served as artistic director of Encores! Off-Center at New York City Center and was co-founder of The Civilians theater company.
Also Read: Michael Moore Donates $10K to Public Theater After 'Julius Caesar' Outcry
He created a sensation with “Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson,” a modern take on America's seventh president — with a book by Alex Timbers — that presented the populist outsider as an emo-rock antihero.
The show debuted at the Public in 2009 before transferring to Broadway the following year for a brief run that made a star of Ben Walker and earned two Tony nominations.
Friedman wrote the music and lyrics for “Saved,” an Off Broadway musical based on the 2004 indie movie about teens at a Christian high school, as well as a remarkable musical adaptation of Shakespeare's “Love's Labour's Lost” that reteamed him with Timbers and premiered at the Public's summertime Shakespeare in the Park in 2013.
Other credits include “In the Bubble,” “The Brand New Kid,” “God's Ear” and “The Blue Demon.”
Also Read: Harriet Tubman to Bump Andrew Jackson From $20, Alexander Hamilton to Stay on $10
“Michael brought so much joy and beauty and humor to our lives,” his sister Marion Friedman Young said in a statement. “To lose him so soon is devastating. We are so grateful to the people who loved him, made art with him, and were so supportive of his work, and made it possible for Michael's extraordinary gifts to reach so many people.”
“Michael Friedman was one of the most brilliant, multi-talented theater artists of our time,” said Public Theater Artistic Director Oskar Eustis. “He was also a miracle of a human being: loving, kind, generous, hilarious, thrilling. His loss leaves a hole in the theater world that cannot be filled, and a hole in the hearts of those who loved him that will last forever.”
(CBS News) For arena rock concerts, one band, surrounded by tens of thousand of fans, is a simple formula that works.
That is, unless you were at Shea Stadium on August 15, 1964, when The Beatles played their first ever arena rock concert...over a PA system. The crowd was so loud, no one could hear the music.
That's where McIntosh -- at the time, a small audio and speaker company based in Binghamton, New York -- came in.
"Basically, those venues were using what you would find in a club," says Charles Randall, the current president of McIntosh Labs. "They weren't adequate enough."
Using amplifiers, they built a system capable of broadcasting clear sound to thousands. It was first attempted at Woodstock in 1969, but best employed five years later, when The Grateful Dead began touring with 92 amps - the "Wall of Sound."
"They actually played in front of the sound system instead of it being off from the side," Randall said. "So they actually had a chance to feel and hear what the attendants were hearing. 28,000 watts, that's a lot of power for that time frame."
Propelled by their work at Woodstock and the ensuing decades, Randall's company became an industry darling, known for making world-class audio equipment the old-fashioned way: by hand, and by some of this country's longest-serving employees. The average tenure is 17 years. Some workers have been at McIntosh headquarters for more than 40 years.
Randall started at McIntosh in 1986, as an engineer. He says, even though company ownership has changed multiple times, from domestic to foreign, the core philosophy has not changed: made in the U.S.A.
We asked him, "You have 138 workers. Any factories overseas?"
"No."
"Any jobs overseas?"
"No."
"Anything overseas?"
"Nothing overseas. As long as I'm steering the ship, you will never see it built or manufactured overseas."
"I'm sure you've been told this, but you can certainly make more money if you sent jobs overseas."
"Sure. Absolutely," Randall told us. "But my quality will suffer. And I won't allow that to happen."
That quality can be seen in the company's longevity.
"People always say, 'How long does our stuff last?'" Chuck Hinton, another McIntosh employee, told us. "We don't know how long they last. We've only been making them for 63 years."
Hinton spent twenty years waiting for a job opening at McIntosh. He says he hopes it's the last job he ever has.
"We love what we make and we think it's the greatest thing," Hinton says. "And if you guys like it too, great. Buy it."
McIntosh has made about a million pieces of equipment since 1949. They estimate that three-quarters of that gear is still in use. McIntosh products are so coveted by collectors, they often re-sold, after decades, for five or six times their original sale price.
Focused on the long haul, the company has long shunned publicity aimed at short-term gain. For decades, they refused to advertise. They wouldn't even submit equipment for review.
Not that there was much to worry about. Rolling Stone called their latest product, the McAir, "the WiFi stereo of the gods." And at $3,000, it's by no means cheap but their price point is line with their philosophy: spend more on the good, hear less of the bad.
"I don't think there's any definition of wrong music or right music," says Randall. "There's music the way it was intended to be heard by the artist. Our job is to get out of the way and just deliver it."
Enter Amanda Feilding, founder of the Beckley Foundation. Feilding is one of the leaders in psychedelics and consciousness research, and she is hoping to test the effects of microdosing in a more scientific way. Her plan? Study how test subjects perform when playing Go while microdosing, compared to their performance on placebos. Feilding draws this idea from her experiences in the 1960s, when she discovered she was a better Go player and problem-solver when she was taking LSD.
In practice, microdosing is just like it sounds: taking between five to ten percent of a recreational dose of a hallucinogen such as LSD, mescaline (peyote), or psilocybin (magic mushrooms). Such a small dose can't send you on a “trip” or make you feel high, but it's just enough to give you an overall sense of well-being, and expand your behaviors and thought patterns to become more creative. In short, microdosing — when it works as intended — has been said to give adherents more productive, happier days .
To trendsetters, artists, and tech nerds, microdosing is nothing new: in Silicon Valley, people have doing it for a long time , aiming to optimize their performance. Microdosing involves using tiny, controlled doses of psychedelic drugs in the same manner one might use nootropic stacks or Adderall to give themselves an edge in a hyper-competitive environment.
Feilding's study will follow 20 participants. Each will take 10, 20, and 50 microgram doses of LSD, as well as a placebo, for different sessions (for reference, a standard recreational dose of LSD is 100 micrograms). Each time the participants microdose (or consume a placebo), they will play Go against a computer, undergo brain scans, and complete questionnaires on various vectors, including mood. Feilding chose Go because it is incredibly complex, and demands creative, “out of the box” thinking from players. Inverse points out that Google's AlphaGo beat Lee Sedol not with expected moves, but with extremely unorthodox plays that no one predicted.
“The tests of creativity, which are current, like Torrance Test, they don't really test for creativity. They test more for intelligence, or word recognition, or whatever,” Feilding said to Inverse. “They can't test those ‘aha' moments in putting new insights together, whereas the Go game does test for that. You suddenly see, ‘Aha! That's the right move to enclose the space.'”
If Feilding can demonstrate that microdoses of LSD enhance creativity or problem-solving ability, it would be a major coup. However, because hallucinogens such as LSD aren't patentable, pharmaceutical companies have little incentive to invest in research trials, making funding a challenge.
The larger hurdle is from a scientific perspective. Although participants won't know whether they're taking a microdose or a placebo, the structure of this study will be a far cry from the large-scale, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trials that are typically demanded to bring this kind of product to the market. That's why a study of this nature is unlikely to be completed anytime soon. Still, microdosing has its own devoted crowd of believers, who trust their own experiences and engage in the practice regardless of the practice's formal regulatory status.
— Two suburban men were arrested Wednesday on charges that they conspired to provide material support to the Islamic State.
Joseph D. Jones, 35, of Zion, and Edward Schimenti, 35, of Zion were charged with “conspiring to knowingly provide and attempt to provide material support and resources to the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS).”
Jones also went by the name of “Yusuf Abdulhaqq” and Schimenti went by the name of “Abdul Wali.”
The two men are scheduled Wednesday to make an initial court appearance at 3 p.m. before U.S. Magistrate Judge M. David Weisman in Chicago.
Authorities are also executing Wednesday a search warrant of Jones' residence in Zion.
“Jones and Schimenti pledged their allegiance to ISIS and advocated on social media for violent extremism in support of the terrorist group. In the fall of 2015, the pair befriended three individuals whom Jones and Schimenti believed were fellow ISIS devotees. Unbeknownst to Jones and Schimenti, two of the individuals were undercover FBI employees and the third individual was cooperating with law enforcement and was not an ISIS supporter,” according to the criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Chicago.
ISIS Conspiracy Complaint by John Dodge on Scribd
Jones and Schimenti met with the undercover FBI employees over several months in areas of Waukegan, Zion, Bridgeview, North Chicago, Highland Park and Chicago, where they discussed their devotion to ISIS and their commitment to Islamic State principles, the complaint states.
The men also shared photos of themselves holding the Islamic State flag the Illinois Beach State Park in Zion, according to the complaint. One of the men said, in a recorded conversation, he would like to see the ISIS flag “on top of the White House,” the complaint states.
Schimenti trained at a gym in Zion with a cooperating source. He believed the cooperating source was going overseas to fight for ISIS and told the source that the exercises would “make you good, you know, in the battlefield,” according to the complaint.
Jones and Schimenti furnished last month several phones, believed to be used to detonate explosive devices in ISIS attacks; and gave the devices to the cooperating source, who the men believed was traveling to Syria to fight with ISIS.
The men met the source at O'Hare International Airport. Schimenti told the source to “drench that land with … blood,” according to the complaint.
The Department of Justice reminds the public that the complaint is not evidence of guilt.
The charge in the complaint is punishable by up to 20 years in prison, according to the Department of Justice.
Intel's next high-end desktop (HEDT) platform to succeed the current "Broadwell-E" LGA2011v3 will be the X-series "Basin Falls" platform. This consists of the "Skylake-X" and "Kaby Lake-X" processors, and a chipset derived from Intel's upcoming 200-series. Just as Intel changed sockets for its previous three HEDT platforms (LGA1366 for "Nehalem" and "Westmere/Gulftown," LGA2011 for "Sandy Bridge-E" and "Ivy Bridge-E," and LGA2011v3 for "Haswell-E" and "Broadwell-E,") the company will launch a new socket, the LGA2066.As with its HEDT predecessors, "Skylake-X" and "Kaby Lake-X" will be multi-core processors devoid of integrated graphics, with double the memory bus width and up to triple the PCIe lane budgets as the desktop ("Skylake-D," eg: Core i7-6700) processors. In an interesting move, Intel will launch both "Skylake-X" and "Kaby Lake-X" in quick succession, with a catch - "Skylake-X" will come in 6-core, 8-core, and 10-core variants; while the "Kaby Lake-X" will initially only be offered in quad-core. The "Kaby Lake-X" chip will further only feature a dual-channel memory bus, and the LGA2066 motherboard will have half its DDR4 DIMM slots disabled, besides a few PCIe lanes.The Core i7 "Skylake-X" processors, besides coming in 6-core, 8-core, and 10-core variants, could have sub-variants with fewer PCIe lanes. All chips will, however, feature quad-channel memory interfaces. Besides the DMI 3.0 (PCI-Express 3.0 x4 physical layer) chipset bus, "Skylake-X" chips will offer up to 44 PCI-Express gen 3.0 lanes. Interestingly, the chipset will have a much wider downstream PCIe lane budget than what we're used to seeing on Intel PCH chips for the past several generations - it offers a whopping 22 PCI-Express gen 3.0 downstream lanes. This could prove useful in driving bandwidth-hungry onboard devices such as Thunderbolt controllers, multiple PCI-Express SSDs, etc.Intel plans to launch the Core i7 "Skylake-X" processors in as early as Q3-2017 (July-September 2017).
Senate Kills Rule On Class-Action Suits Against Financial Companies
Enlarge this image toggle caption Steve Helber/AP Steve Helber/AP
Updated at 4:12 p.m. ET.
The Senate has voted to get rid of a banking rule that allows consumers to bring class-action lawsuits against banks and credit card companies to resolve financial disputes. Critics say Republicans and the Trump administration are siding with Wall Street over Main Street and that the shift will block consumers from joining together against the likes of Wells Fargo and Equifax.
"This bill is a giant wet kiss to Wall Street," Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., said on the Senate floor. "Bank lobbyists are crawling all over this place begging Congress to vote and make it easier for them to cheat their customers."
With Vice President Pence casting the tie-breaking vote, the rollback of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau rule banning restrictive mandatory arbitration clauses found in the fine print of credit card and checking account agreements passed 51-50, with Sens. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., and John Kennedy, R-La., voting against repeal.
The Republican-controlled House had already voted to rescind the rule and President Trump is expected to quickly sign the measure, which also bars similar rules in the future.
The consumer agency's rule, released in July, was aimed at giving consumers more power. Prior to the rule, the bureau said companies could "sidestep the court system" by "forcing consumers to give up or go it alone."
This allowed companies to "avoid big refunds, and continue harmful practices," the bureau wrote in July in announcing the changes.
The agency said it was redressing a situation in which consumers were forced "to give up or go it alone — usually over small amounts," while companies were able to "sidestep the court system, avoid big refunds, and continue harmful practices."
In a statement released shortly after the vote, bureau Director Richard Cordray said it represented "a giant setback for every consumer in this country. Wall Street won and ordinary people lost."
In July, The Washington Post wrote that the rule "came about because of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation, which the Trump administration and Republicans have been trying to dismantle. The legislation required the CFPB to study the use of arbitration agreements and report back to Congress. The rule is a result of that report."
The move is part of a larger push by Republicans to roll back regulations that they believe hurt the free market.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump supported the move because "the rule would harm our community banks and credit unions by opening the door to frivolous lawsuits by special interest trial lawyers."
Democrats argue that such rules give consumers more power to stop abusive practices.
"It looks like Equifax and Wall Street and Wells Fargo will win again," said Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio. "This vote will make the rich richer; it will make the more powerful."
Republicans said class-action lawsuits give a lot of money to trial lawyers and don't do that much to help consumers. "You have to ask the question: Whose benefit is that for? Is it really for the consumer or is it for the lawyers? And I think the answer is pretty clear — it's not for the consumer," Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas said.
But a report by the consumer agency showed that class actions paid out about 1,000 times more money to consumers overall than consumers got through arbitration.
Dennis Kelleher, the president of the consumer group Better Markets, says that at issue is what's buried in the fine print when you sign up for a credit card or many other products.
"They're usually 10-50 pages long of teeny-weeny print, and in the middle of it is says you're giving up your right to sue when the bank or the financial institution rips you off," Kelleher says.
The Senate's action means that "millions of Americans won't get their day in court," says Lauren Saunders, associate director at the National Consumer Law Center. "To me, I'm just really disappointed about the lack of faith in our constitutional system of justice."
A throwaway line of mine a couple of weeks ago about the Wellington City Council's enthusiasm for the proposed airport runway extension prompted a couple of comments here from Tim Brown, chair of Wellington International Airport Limited (WIAL) – owned 66 per cent by Infratil and 34 per cent by the Wellington City Council. As I noted in response to Tim, I was predisposed to be sceptical about the proposal, but would be keen to see the analysis when it was published.
This week a swathe of reports was released, including a cost-benefit analysis prepared for WIAL by Sapere Research Group. The Dominion-Post led with talk of $2000 million of benefits for an investment of $300 million or so, suggesting that there really shouldn't need to be much further debate about the economic merits of the proposal.
But, of course, any cost-benefit anaIysis is only a reflection of the assumptions fed into it. So I spent some time yesterday reading the report. I had a few questions and observations, and was left unpersuaded that this was a proposal that either my rates or my taxes should be used to fund. Quite possibly, this proposal could offer even worse value than Transmission Gully – as the WIAL report notes, the benefit to cost ratio for that project is only 0.8.
The report proceeds by analysing three options:
Option 1: Build the extension now, to be open from 2020.
Option 2: Build it in 10 years time, to open from 2030,
Option 3: Using the equivalent of the capital cost of the extension instead to promote Wellington airport as a “tourist and airfreight hub” for the next 40 years (the estimated economic life of the extended runway).
The alternative options seem designed to deal with the irreversibility involved in committing now to build now. I'm not convinced that the delay option does that to any useful extent. Will it be any clearer 10 years hence whether a material number of long haul flights from Wellington will be viable? It doesn't seem quite like a decision on whether to invest in a new technology now, or wait a few years until it is more apparent what the potential of that technology is.
In any case, the bottom line is the estimated benefit-cost ratio for each of the three options.
Option 1 1.7
Option 2 1.6
Option 3 1.4
Even just reading that far into the summary, my eye was drawn to Option 3, and then Option 2, and only finally to Option 1, WIAL's preference. Why? Well, if a heavy promotional programme could really boost passenger numbers etc as much as extending the runway (as the scenario assumes), why not just go for that. If it works, most of the benefits accrue anyway. And if it doesn't, the programme is not irreversible and could be canned five or ten years hence. As for Option 2, it delivers almost all the benefits of Option 1, without having to do anything for 10 years.
The report had quite a lot of interesting material about how a longer runway will allow airlines to use aircraft more efficiently than they do now. Load factors will, apparently, be able to be increased on the trans-Tasman flights and a longer runway will also apparently allow landings and take-offs to be done in ways that put less pressure on engines and tires than is the case now. That all sounded plausible enough, but they also sounded like gains that should be able to be captured by WIAL in, for example, its landing charges.
It was a little hard for me to tell – I might have missed something in the tables – but main factor in the success or failure of the airport extension if it went ahead seems to be whether and, if so, how many long haul international flights and passengers would be added. The sceptics' worry is that if they build it, perhaps no one will come.
The cost-benefit analysis does not look at that scenario at all. It uses traffic volume forecasts and scenarios prepared by another set of consultants. Using Monte Carlo simulation techniques they generate scenarios that are supposed to represent 5th and 95th percentiles around the central forecasts.
Even in the low scenario, international passenger numbers are forecast to grow by 2.5 per cent per annum over the next 45 years in the business-as-usual baseline. Add in the runway extension – and recall that this is the low scenario (the 5th percentile) – they are forecast to grow by 3 per cent per annum. Over 45 years, those cumulate to really big differences: 204 per cent growth vs 278 per cent growth . The consultants estimate that there is only a 5 per cent chance that passenger numbers will fall below these levels. But how credible is that? Shouldn't we at least see a scenario in which no long haul services use Wellington airport, and the only gains result from the ability of existing operators to use aircraft more efficiently?
One of the puzzling – or perhaps not so puzzling – aspects of the report is the complete absence of any analysis of Christchurch airport's experience with long haul flights.
The traffic forecasts, prepared by InterVISTAS, involve a central scenario in which in thirty years time there would be 56 long haul departures a week from Wellington (eight per day on average). This is defended with the observation that “Wellington in 30 years time. (FY 2045) will have less than half the number of average weekly frequencies on long haul services as Auckland has now.” And this was supposed to reassure me? In addition to having almost four times the population of slowly-growing Wellington (and a larger hinterland), Auckland is inevitably a more natural gateway to New Zealand than Wellington is. The authors go on to defend their assumptions with the observation that Adelaide has 44 weekly long haul departures (their forecast for Wellington in 2035). But Adelaide is a city of 1.3 million people.
And still no mention of Christchurch. Christchurch has about the same population as Wellington. And if Auckland is one natural gateway to New Zealand, Christchurch is the other, given the much greater tourist appeal of the South Island (and the impossibility of long haul flights into Queenstown). I couldn't find an easy reference to how many direct long haul flights there are out of Christchurch at present, but there seem to five weekly flights to Singapore. A new service to Guangzhou is also starting this month, so perhaps that is another five flights a week. Other wide-bodied aircraft use Christchurch airport, but to get beyond Australia you still have to stop in Australia.
And it is not as if long haul international flights from Christchurch are relentlessly increasing. I have distant memories of flying direct into Christchurch from Los Angeles, but that was 10 years ago, and the service is long gone. AirAsia's direct flights from Malaysia to Christchurch didn't last long either.
Surely it is such an obvious comparator that the Christchurch experience really should have been addressed directly? I can think of a couple of areas where demand for flights in and out of Wellington might be greater than those to and from Christchurch – business and government, and they are probably more lucrative than leisure travellers – but we should have seen the analysis? At the moment, it looks as though the Christchurch story might be a little uncomfortable and so has been quietly ignored. (Canberra comparisons might also have been interesting.)
For a long-lived asset one would normally expect the discount rate used to make quite a difference to the viability of the project. Cash flows far into the future aren't worth very much if the providers of the capital have a high cost of capital, and thus need a high discount rate to be used.
The main analysis in this report uses a real discount rate of 7 per cent. I am a bit puzzled by that. The authors defend it by reference to the Treasury's guidance on evaluating infrastructure and single-use building projects (eg hospitals and prisons).
Frankly, I'm sceptical that that is an appropriate discount rate for this project. And I would be astonished if Infratil – the dominant shareholders in WIAL – treated their own marginal cost of capital for a project like this as being as low as 7 per cent real. Perhaps a case might be made for something that low in respect of projects that depend simply on existing traffic (growth) patterns – eg the current extension to the domestic terminal at Wellington – but at the margin this runway extension has the feel of a much higher risk project. After all, they could build it and no one might come. I've written previously about government discount rates, and also linked to a recent Reserve Bank of Australia article suggesting that private sector firms are typically using hurdle rates of at least 10-13 per cent nominal (almost as many in the 13-16 per cent range).
However, the report does include some sensitivity analysis. For the central scenario of Option 1 (build the runway extension now), recall that a 7 per cent real discount rate produced a benefit-cost ratio of 1.7. Using a 10 per cent real discount rate only reduces that to 1.6. I don't understand why that is. Perhaps it is because the capital costs are quite small compared to the additional operational costs airlines would face in putting on the new services (thus many of the costs and benefits are matched in time) but it still doesn't seem quite right – especially from the perspective of the ratepayers/taxpayers asked to put up the capital cost now.
The report included in its calculation of the benefits to New Zealand the GST paid by the additional foreign visitors. I was a bit puzzled by this, but perhaps I'm missing something. If we assume that the economy is on average fully employed, isn't it likely that one additional form of exports will be, in part at least, at the expense of some other form of exports? Discovering huge oil deposits, say, will crowd out manufacturing or tourism exports. New Zealand as a whole might be better off, but not to the extent determined just by the increase in one form of exports. The same goes for even high value airport extensions surely?
Many of the gains in the report seem to flow from the additional competition that it is assumed that the longer-runway will make possible. They cite some impressive numbers for how much lower fares are for international routes out of Christchurch or Auckland relative to Wellington. But if we grant that that is a plausible story, again surely this aspect of the extension should be able to be self-financing? For example, if having a longer-runway in Wellington lowered airfares for people from the lower half of the North Island by 10 per cent (the report talks of 20-30 per cent premia at present), surely the airport departure charge for those sorts of flights could be adjusted accordingly? The report spent surprisingly little time discussing such issues/options. Perhaps there are Commerce Commission obstacles to such charging? But if so, surely they should be identified in the report?
While WIAL is a commercial operation, it seems pretty clear that the runway extension does not really stack up on commercial grounds. We aren't told on what basis Infratil would be happy to proceed with this project – if they really are at all – but the report is clearly written with a political (and voter) audience in mind, rather than a commercial one. Section 2.9 devotes several pages to various sets of central planner objectives – the current Wellington City Council's 25 year vision, international air transport policy, current central government tourism targets, national infrastructure plan goals, and something chillingly called the “Leadership Statement for International Education”. Not much about the market, or risk and return there. Just the whims of a current set of bureaucrats and politicians, who might be beguiled into using other peoples' money to proceed with this project.
Perhaps this is too glib, but there does seem to be a relatively straightforward solution. It isn't obvious why Wellington City Council still holds 34 per cent of the airport. If the project really stacks up for Infratil, it should be a good time for Wellington City to sell its stake[1], and let the private sector go for it. It looks like a pretty risky proposition, but (I'm a bureaucrat by background not a business person and ) if private shareholders want to put their capital behind it then I'm fairly happy for it to proceed (assuming the environmental issues etc can be adequately addressed).
Of course, a common response might be that the putative benefits are national or regional and the costs would fall to the operators of the airport. I'm not persuaded. As I've noted, many of the gains documented in the report seem as though they should be able to be appropriated by the airport operator, at least to the extent required to cover its own cost of capital. If airlines can use planes more efficiently, presumably landing rights at Wellington would be more valuable than they are at present? That should be charged for. And if investing in a runway extension really would markedly lower flight prices for Wellingtonians, surely those of us who fly can be charged for the saving? Great projects taken to market by the private sector hardly ever see all the gains captured by the promoters/investors. Bill Gates and Steve Jobs got rich from Microsoft and Apple, but the rest of us did even better as a result and by rather more than we paid for the product.
As it is, the Christchurch experience should be a salutary warning to the citizens and ratepayers, especially those in Wellington. If the initial comments from government ministers seem mildly encouraging (ie discouraging to WIAL), the track record suggests reason for caution even there (this is the government now amenable to funding the Auckland inner city rail loop, and which has been right behind the Christchurch convention centre). As for Wellington City Council, the sceptical comments from Greens councillor David Lee notwithstanding, I wonder what will stop these planners pursuing their vision, egged on by the Chamber of Commerce? What lessons have they taken, for example, from the disaster of the Dunedin stadium? I hope that, at very least, no binding commitments are made by the council until after next year's local body election.
To their credit, WIAL is holding a series of lengthy public sessions in the next couple of weeks at which apparently their experts will be available to answer questions. If I have time I will try to go along, and if any of my concerns are materially assuaged I might come back to the issue later.
[1] To which my only caveat would be a concern about what even lower-value projects they might use the resulting cash for instead.
Have you ever booked a ticket with an airline that promised to fly your bike for free (or for a certain price), but when you showed up at the airport they wanted to charge you a completely different price to ship your bike? It's not a fun situation to find yourself in… and it can cost you hundreds of dollars. But it doesn't have to happen to you!
In this short video I give you a quick and easy tip for making sure your bike flies for the price listed on the airline's company website.
Even if you are not flying with an airline that promises to fly your bicycle for free, you should still print out the bicycle baggage policy off their website on the same day that you order your tickets. Many airlines have raised their fees for bicycles to as much as $350, so if you fly with an airline that promises to fly your bicycle for $80 and you show up at the airport and they want $350, having that piece of paper can really save your butt!
Good luck! And let me know how this strategy works out for you. If it works, I want to hear about it! And if it doesn't, I want to hear about that as well.
Save
Alexandra Savior has a penchant for clever wordplay and a voice that can hypnotize, terrorize, or both in four measures or fewer. Her YouTube covers favored the elongated swoons of Adele and Angus & Julia Stone ballads before she found a fan in Courtney Love and signed to Columbia. For her first full-length, she teamed up with Alex Turner of Arctic Monkeys and producer James Ford whose production credits pepper the vast majority of Turner's output. But instead of a debut album that flaunts the dynamism of a new artist, the result is an album that barely even feels like one—or, at the very least, only vaguely resembles a collaborative effort that casts Savior as the hostess of Turner's discount ideas.
From the looks of “An Introduction,” a brief video she dropped a month before the album, the trio get along famously; she, “Al,” and Ford wearing a paper bag all ham it up in between vocal takes. She jokes about giving the studio a “feminine touch” by hanging roses from the ceiling. “There's a feminine aspect to it,” she says of *Belladonna *and her limited aesthetic influence. “I think that that's what I was trying to bring in—but at the same time, having this grit like a horror film would have. I wanted it to be murderous.”
The clip pulls back the curtain on Belladonna's deceit: This is an Alex Turner album passed off as Savior's simply because she sang it. Her vocal affectations so closely mirror the languid elasticity of her mentor's that they come off as impressions instead of articulations of original thought. Turner's musical ticks are so distinct that they're instantly recognizable when someone else tries to dress them up as their own. Direct lines can be drawn from “Do I Wanna Know?,” “Crying Lightning,” and scores of Arctic Monkeys and Last Shadow Puppets singles to the bulk of Belladona's ebbing bass lines and spooky chord progressions. “Mirage” hits a little too close to home with its stage-name games and persona dress-up: “She's almost like a million other people/That you'll never really get to know/And it feels as if she's swallowing me whole” would serve as wry commentary and a portrait of an alter-ego if Savior herself wasn't leading an album that sounds like it could slip into an Arctic Monkeys set with a simple pronoun swap.
But Belladona isn't without its charms, and Savior succeeds in delivering that “murderous” quality she was after. The ceaseless cavalcade of minor chords and eerie, campy vibes perfected by Turner lend themselves especially well to “Bones” and “Mystery Girl.” Turns of Belladona even resemble Tarantino in their enthusiasm for vintage noir and suspense, like “Vanishing Point,” which is ripe for licensing for any manner of stabby plot points in the CW's latest blood-spattered drama (her demo for “Risk”—another collaboration with Turner and Ford—appeared on the second season of “True Detective”'s soundtrack). Her voice and affectations are so guided by the heavy hands of Turner and Ford that Belladonna of Sadness is largely indistinguishable from their work: At best, Savior is a muse for her own introduction; at worst, she's a conduit who's yet to prove that she can hold her own with the company she keeps.
Sometimes having a (small) devoted fan base is not enough.
THR has confirmed that NBC is pulling the plug on Hannibal. The full third, now last, season will continue to air Thursdays at 10 p.m. until Aug. 27, when the series scheduled to end.
NBC released a statement, saying: “We have been tremendously proud of Hannibal over its three seasons. Bryan and his team of writers and producers, as well as our incredible actors, have brought a visual palette of storytelling that has been second to none in all television — broadcast or cable. We thank [producers] Gaumont and everyone involved in the show for their tireless efforts that have made Hannibal an incredible experience for audiences around the world.”
The show has always lacked in the ratings division, so it's no surprise it was cancelled, but fans are not letting the show go without a fight. Shortly after news of the cancelation spread fans started a social media campaign to #SaveHannibal:
https://twitter.com/HannibalFamily/status/613151068525084672
never thought i'd care so much about a near mythological cannibal but i do. by jove, i do #SaveHannibal — Sara Rubin (@sweetestsara) June 23, 2015
I don't remember a cancellation getting this kind of reaction before on Twitter… #SaveHannibal — Jo (@Tegan_Jovanka) June 23, 2015
Hulu just saved The Mindy Project and Netflix has picked up a few canceled-too-soon shows, so either streaming service could potentially save Hannibal and restore the balance of the universe.
Eric Schmidt has been out on tour doing his best door-to-door salesman act. The Google Chairman appeared at the Allen & Company conference in Sun Valley, Idaho, armed with a new Nexus 7 and a Nexus Q, and proceeded to demonstrate the both of them. He even went so far as to describe the Q as "cute." Well, it sort of is.
Perhaps more interestingly, Schmidt spoke out about Google's long standing intentions to be in the hardware business, but without describing them as a hardware company.
Saying during his presentation, of the acquisition of Motorola Mobility last year; “We always wanted to be in the hardware business. Larry and Sergey have always wanted to do hardware in one form or another. This was a way to get into it quickly.”
He was otherwise pretty quiet on the Motorola front, although he did promise that a new batch of products is almost ready to go.
And Sergey Brin got a mention too. He wasn't at the conference, as Schmidt would declare he was on his way to the airport to tend to important Google Glass business. Either that, or he's got some more skydiving in store. Apparently too, Brin isn't seen without his prototype Google Glasses anymore around Mountain View. Something that we find incredibly easy to believe.
Source: New York Times
Wheel slippage during attempts to extricate NASA's Mars Rover Spirit from a patch of soft ground during the preceding two weeks had partially buried the wheels by the 1,899th Martian day, or sol, of the Spirit's mission on Mars (May 6, 2009). Spirit took
It couldtake week of tricky maneuvering to rescue the Mars rover Spirit from itscurrent predicament. Spirit is stuck in an "insidious invisible rover trap,"as described by Steve Squyres, lead scientist for the Mars Exploration RoverProject.
The trap isotherwise known as sandy soil, out on one of the red planet's plateaus. Butproject managers are prepared to keep at it for as long as needed and have noplans to abandon or retire the rover.
On May 6,Spirit was continuingits journey around a low plateau called "Home Plate," when it hitthe trap.
Thickdeposits of dirt lie just below the surface, covered and camouflaged by thenormal layer of dust that blankets the Martian surface. When a rover's wheelshit these patches of dirt, "the wheel can't grip" and just spins,Squyres explained.
This isexactly whathappened in Spirit's case, with the rover becoming mired up to its hubcaps,prompting the rover team to suspend all driving plans and work on a way to getthe rover out of the mire.
"Spirit'sin a tough situation," said project manager John Callas, of NASA's JetPropulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, Calif. "It will probably be somenumber of weeks of tests" before Spirit becomes unstuck, he said.
Rescueeffort
GettingSpirit unstuck is difficult for several reasons. For one, scientists don't knowthe exact make-up of the dirt the rover is stuck in.
The team ishaving Spirit sample its surroundings to give them some clues.
They'realso going to see how the test rover back at JPL reacts when its wheels are putin a sample of ground basaltic rock called "baghouse dust." If itspins its wheels like Spirit, they can use the Earth twin to test out ways thatSpirit might be able to dislodge itself. If it doesn't they'll have to try outother soil analogues, including the one they used when Spirit's twin,Opportunity, got stuck in a feature called Purgatory Dune in 2005.
"We'retrying to look at everything," Callas told SPACE.com.
But thereare a few issues that are complicating the rescue effort.
One addedproblem in Spirit's case is its hobbled right front wheel, which has been deadfor three year. That dead weight makes it harder to use Spirit's five remainingwheels to pull the rover out.
"We'redug in pretty deep," Squyres said.
Spirit'sleft middle wheel has been stalling, further adding to the difficulty of thetask. Callas said the team suspects there could be a rock stuck in this wheel.They're hoping the wheel will start spinning again if the rover is moved in adifferent direction.
A rockcould also be stuck underneath the lander, touching its belly plate, whichwould also make moving the rover out more dangerous and difficult.
Rovermanagers have worked out a possible way for Spirit to look underneath itselfwith its robotic arm and practiced the maneuver withOpportunity.
One pieceof good news is that gusts of wind have come along in recent days and cleanedoff the dust on Spirit's solar arrays, giving the robot a power boost.
"Sowhat this does is it buys us time," Squyres told SPACE.com,allowing mission managers to take their time in finding a solution to free therover.
And they'lllikely need that time. But that's expected, he noted, as it took several weeksto free Opportunity from Purgatory Dune.
Of course,if Spirit does get freed, there's always the chance it could stumble intoanother trap. The area is like "walking in a minefield," Callas said.
Noretirement for rovers
Squyresacknowledges that there is a chance they won't be able to get Spirit unstuck ?the rovers have far outlasted their planned lifetime and could have technicalfailures at any point (Spirit has actually experienced mysterious bouts ofamnesia and restarts in recent weeks.)
"It'sMars, these are old rover, anything could happen," Squyres said.
And there'sthe chance that permanent damage could befall one of the rovers other wheels,hobbling the robot even more.
But Spiritwon't get permanently stuck for lack of effort on the part of missionscientists.
"Ifthere's a solution, we will find it," Squyres said.
"We'llprobably always keep trying as long as we can," Callas agreed.
And therover team members are adamant that it's not yet time to retire the rovers.
"They'restill very functioning vehicles," Callas said. "There's still so muchwe can do."
Squyresagrees, arguing that because the rovers have gone so far past their missions,it's relatively cheap and easy to keep them operating, and the science to be learnedis of such interest that there's no reason not to keepthem going.
"Whynot push them?" Squyres said. "We've got nothing to lose. We can pushthem as hard as we want to now."
Are you there? Share photos, video
Madison, Wisconsin (CNN) -- After weeks of demonstrations in the state capital, Wisconsin Republicans cleared a final hurdle to a controversial proposal on Thursday after the state's Assembly passed an amended version of a bill that would curtail the bargaining rights of most state workers.
The vote was 53-42 in favor of the bill.
"I applaud all members of the Assembly for showing up, debating the legislation and participating in democracy," Gov. Scott Walker said in a written statement.
State Senate Republicans had approved the amended version Wednesday night, despite the absence of 14 Democratic senators who fled the state to prevent a necessary quorum of 20 votes.
The amended bill stripped the spending components out of the original proposal, enabling lawmakers to pass the measure with fewer votes.
Cries of "Shame, Shame, Shame!" filled the Capitol building following Thursday's vote. The bill will soon be delivered to Walker's desk, who is expected to sign the bill into law.
Meanwhile, at least one Senate Democrat said he has returned to his home state after spending weeks in Illinois in an effort to prevent the bill's passage.
Sen. Jim Holperin said the remaining 13 absentee Democrats will be returning individually between Thursday and Saturday.
But Democrat Sen. Kathleen Vinehout quickly disputed that assertion, claiming absentee lawmakers have remained in Illinois. She added that she did not know where Holperin was.
The weeks-long standoff reached a fever pitch Thursday after a spokesman for Republican Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald said the leader received two death threats, which detailed the ways in which the writer claimed Fitzgerald would be killed.
Both threats were e-mailed from the same address, said the majority leader's spokesman, Andrew Welhouse.
Meanwhile, throngs of protesters demonstrated outside the Capitol building, which police had earlier closed, forcibly removing those inside who refused to leave. The police later reopened one entrance.
"These arrogant actions are what I had a nightmare about last night," said Assembly Minority Leader Peter Barça, a Democrat, who called the lockout an "outrage."
The Assembly had convened Thursday afternoon to vote on the revised measure, which was left only with provisions taking away collective bargaining powers and increasing health insurance and pension fund contributions.
Placard-wielding demonstrators had blocked the building's entrances, chanting "Let us in!" as police struggled to keep order. But shortly before noon, lawmakers were able to access the building through the one open entrance.
The governor has defended the proposal as an integral measure that allows Wisconsin to avoid property tax hikes and public employee layoffs in an effort to balance the budget.
"It's about giving local government the tools they need to make reforms," he told reporters, saying it's part of an effort to address the state's impending $3.6 billion deficit.
While the proposal has a fiscal impact, he said, the new version of the bill does not have an appropriations component -- something that allowed Senate Republicans to approve the measure, despite the absence of Democratic senators.
Fourteen Democratic senators fled the state in mid-February to prevent the 20 votes necessary for a quorum on spending bills.
"The dirty trick is what those Democrats have played for the last three weeks," Walker said to critics' claims that the Senate had pulled a fast one.
Senate Democrats have called the bill an attack on the negotiating rights of state employees.
Barça filed a complaint with the Dane County District Attorney's office, claiming Wednesday night's committee hearing on the collective bargaining bill violated Wisconsin's Open Meetings Law.
"The state Senate and the state Assembly violated Wisconsin's very strict Open Meetings Law, by failing to give proper notice of their intended activities," said Lester Pines, an attorney for a teachers' union called Madison Teachers Incorporated. "When you act in violation of the law to pass a bill, the bill itself is void."
Nearly 200 protesters refused to leave the Capitol after the Senate vote, sleeping on the floor of the rotunda and in front of the Assembly doors. Capitol police had initially allowed the protesters to stay despite a court order that prohibits people from remaining inside the building at night.
"The Senate Democrats have had three weeks to debate this bill and were offered repeated opportunities to come home, which they refused," Walker said in an earlier statement on the vote. "In order to move the state forward, I applaud the Legislature's action today to stand up to the status quo and take a step in the right direction to balance the budget and reform government."
But the move drew howls of outrage from outside the chamber, where pro-union demonstrators again chanted "shame" and "you lied to Wisconsin" as the bill passed. Thousands more began to converge on the building, and a chorus of horns from passing cars echoed in the streets around the Capitol after the vote.
James Palmer, executive director of the Wisconsin Professional Police Association, said officers with the Madison police department and Dane County sheriff's deputies had been placed on alert ahead of Thursday's protests.
Walker and GOP lawmakers are trying to close a $137 million budget shortfall with a plan that calls for curbs on public employee union bargaining rights and requires public workers, with the exception of police and firefighters, to cover more of their retirement plans and health care premiums.
Public employee unions agreed to financial concessions that they say will help meet the state's fiscal needs, but Walker has said the limits on public bargaining are a critical component of his plan.
Raises would be capped to the rate of inflation, unless state voters approve. The legislation also would require unions to hold a new certification vote every year, and unions would no longer be allowed to collect dues from workers' paychecks.
Unions mobilized their supporters to oppose the bill, drawing tens of thousands of workers to rallies opposing Walker and supporting the fugitive Democrats.
Phil Neuenfeldt, president of the state AFL-CIO, said Wednesday night's maneuver "shows that Scott Walker and the Republicans have been lying throughout this entire process."
"None of the provisions that attacked workers' rights had anything to do with the budget," Neuenfeldt said.
But the Tea Party Express praised the developments, saying Walker was "holding strong" to his principles.
"Under tremendous pressure from union bosses, who have become irrelevant other than in their unquenchable thirst for power, Gov. Walker held fast and did what was best for the people of Wisconsin," a statement from the political action committee said.
The vote in the Senate on the amended measure was 18-1, with Republican state Sen. Dale Schultz -- who earlier had floated a compromise that neither side bought into -- the lone opponent.
Sen. Mark Miller, the Democratic Senate leader, said Republicans "conspired to take government away from the people."
"In 30 minutes, 18 state senators undid 50 years of civil rights in Wisconsin," Miller said in a statement condemning the vote. "Their disrespect for the people of Wisconsin and their rights is an outrage that will never be forgotten."
CNN's Matt Cherry contributed to this report
SEPTEMBER 8--The Florida pastor who is planning to burn a pile of Korans this weekend runs a church that has established a variety of cult-like rules for individuals studying to become ministers, according to the group's “rulebook.”
The Dove World Outreach Center (DWOC), headed by Islam-hating Rev. Terry Jones, has been widely denounced for its September 11 bonfire plans. The tiny Gainesville church is headed by Jones and his wife Sylvia, a co-pastor.
The DWOC's “Academy Rulebook,” a copy of which you'll find here, was created in November 2007 by Sylvia Jones. The document, which details the standards to which a prospective DWOC minister must adhere, addresses topics such as behavior, study, and communication. It is also filled with the kind of creepy directions that are often associated with cults.
For instance, students are directed to cut off most contact with family members. “Family occasions like wedding, funerals or Birthdays are no exception to this rule,” the rulebook notes. “No phone calls. Exceptions can be made under certain circumstances but only after receiving permission.”
The Joneses also barred “Singles” from having “romantic relationships to the opposite sex…Except work things, there is no need to talk at all, or even flirt!” Students were barred from “eating out in restaurants” and warned that they would be weighed “once a week to follow the tendency,” an apparent reference to a weight goal established by the Joneses.
The rulebook--which is riddled with misspellings and grammatically challenged--notes that students must “wash or shower at least once a day but not more than 2 a day,” and make sure to cleanse “Mouth, sweat areas, hair, feet hands.” (6 pages)
Ferguson, Missouri, was a powder-keg waiting for a match long before August 9 and Michael Brown's fateful encounter with Police Officer Darren Wilson. It is one of many predominantly black communities across the United States plagued by highly concentrated poverty, and all of the social problems that accompany it.
White America has come up with a number of rationales for these enduring pockets of despair. An elaborate mythology has developed that blames it on a “culture of poverty” — holding the poor culpable for their poverty and letting our political and economic systems off the hook. A somewhat more enlightened view holds that whites simply fled areas like Ferguson — which had a population that was 99 percent white as recently as 1970 — because of personal racial animus, leaving them as hollowed-out, predominantly black “ghettos.”
But a study by Richard Rothstein, a research fellow at the Economic Policy Institute, comes to a very different conclusion. In his report, “The Making of Ferguson,” Rothstein details how throughout the last century a series of intentionally discriminatory policies at the local, state and federal levels created the ghettos we see today. BillMoyers.com spoke with Rothstein about the report. The transcript below has been edited for length and clarity.
Joshua Holland: Most people believe that Ferguson became so racially polarized because of “white flight” — white people fled the area because of personal prejudice against African-Americans. In your report, you argue that this misses a crucial point. What are we overlooking?
Rothstein: The segregation that characterizes Ferguson, and that characterizes St. Louis, was the creation of purposeful public policy. We have a segregated nation by design.
The St. Louis metropolitan area was no different from most metropolitan areas of the country. The ghetto in the central city of St. Louis was redeveloped for universities, and for a number of other uses, and the African American population in the central city was shifted to inner ring suburbs like Ferguson.
It was done primarily with two policies: First, public housing was segregated, purposely, by the federal government, so that what were previously somewhat integrated neighborhoods in urban areas were separated into separate black and white public housing projects.
And then, in the 1950s, as suburbs came to be developed, the federal government subsidized white residents of St. Louis to move to the suburbs, but effectively prohibited black residents from doing so. The federal government subsidized the construction of many, many subdivisions by requiring that bank loans for the builders be made on the condition that no homes be sold to blacks.
Because black housing was so restrictive, there were so few places where African-Americans could live in St. Louis. So what was left of St. Louis' African-American community became overcrowded. City services were not readily available. The city was zoned so that the industrial or commercial areas were placed in black neighborhoods but not in white neighborhoods. So the industrial areas, where African-Americans lived, became slums.
And then white residents in places like Ferguson came to associate slum conditions with African-Americans, not realizing that this was not a characteristic of the people themselves, but rather it was a creation of public policy.
This is a somewhat oversimplified description of a complex array of policies. But every policy that I described in this report can be found in every other metropolitan area throughout the country. These policies applied in the New York City area, and they applied in the liberal San Francisco area. It's a story that characterizes the entire country, but you cannot understand what's going on with Ferguson today without knowing this history.
Holland: Who was Adel Allen, and why is his story — which took place in nearby Kirkwood, Missouri — important for understanding how Ferguson came to be the city it is today?
Rothstein: Adel Allen was an African American engineer for the McDonnell Douglas Corporation. He was recruited from Kansas to work in the St. Louis metro area. When he got there, he couldn't find housing anywhere in the suburban areas near the plant. He was about to move back to Kansas, because the only place he could find housing was in overcrowded conditions in the central St. Louis ghetto.
He finally got a white friend to buy a home for him in the town of Kirkwood. He moved into a block that was overwhelmingly white. There were 30 white families. Seven years later, there were 30 black families and two white families on that block. And this was largely because of practices in the real estate industry.
Ta-Nehisi Coates on Black vs. White Neighborhoods
Realtors engaged in a practice which came to be known as “blockbusting.” When a black family moved onto a block, like Adel Allen did in Kirkwood, the real estate agents would go door to door and try to panic their white neighbors into selling their homes at very reduced prices, with the idea that property values were going to be destroyed because African-Americans were moving into their neighborhood.
Those real estate agents then bought those properties at very low prices and resold them to African-Americans, who had to pay very high prices because they had no other housing options.
Now, this was something that was not considered unethical until the 1970s. In fact, licenses would be suspended by the state real estate commission if a real estate agent sold a home to a black family in a white neighborhood — until the first one sold, and then it was considered perfectly ethical for real estate agents to turn an entire block into an African-American block.
Once they moved into that block, all of a sudden, over the course of a few years, city services began to decline. Other parts of Kirkwood which were overwhelmingly white continued to get good services, but the African-American neighborhoods were denied. The rest of the city got sidewalks and curbs; the black blocks did not.
Holland: You also write, “State sponsored labor and employment discrimination reduced the incomes of African-Americans relative to whites in St. Louis.” So as a result, even absent these kinds of housing policies you describe, African-Americans would be hard-pressed to afford to live in a decent white suburb.
Rothstein: That's right. In St. Louis, African-Americans were excluded from good-paying jobs for most of the 20th century. They opened up only beginning in the 1970s. For example, construction jobs during the enormous housing boom that created the suburbs in the 1940s, '50s and '60s were completely closed to African-Americans because they could not be admitted to construction unions, and the federal government certified every one of those segregated unions as the exclusive agent for their trades in those construction sites. So it's not simply the result of private discrimination by the unions. This was something that was sanctioned by the federal government. It wasn't until the 1960s that the National Labor Relations Board first withdrew certification from a segregated union and the policy didn't become widespread for at least another 10 years or so.
There are many other examples I could give you. During the enormous employment boom during World War II, St. Louis was a big center of arms manufacturing. Lots of workers flooded to St. Louis from the Ozarks and other areas, black workers as well as white workers. But the largest ammunition producer would not hire African-Americans until the war was almost over.
So all of those lost opportunities for employment created a situation where African-American incomes were much, much lower than white incomes.
Holland: I'm going to ask you to connect some dots. Many of the things you describe in the paper haven't been legal for quite a bit of time. How does this legacy of institutional racism in the past set up the unrest that has played out in Ferguson after the shooting death of Michael Brown?
Rothstein: As we know from a lot of recent research, intergenerational income mobility in this country is quite low. If you're born into a low-income family, the chances are very, very great that you yourself will have a low income. We don't have nearly the kind of mobility that is mythical in this country.
So after a century of policies which denied African-Americans access to jobs that pay decent wages, the likelihood is that their children and their children's children will still be paying the price for those policies that held their parents and grandparents behind for so long.
And then there are the housing policies. Let me take the example of the suburb of Kirkwood. In the 1950s, when Kirkwood was being developed, those homes were selling for about $8,000 dollars each, which was about two times the national median income at that time. Working families could afford to buy a home for twice median income, but only whites were permitted to buy into Kirkwood. Any white working family could've afforded to buy those homes, and very often, they were further subsidized by the federal government — veterans could buy with no down payment, and obtain loans at very low interest rates.
Those families then benefited from a half-century of equity appreciation in their homes. If they moved, they profited on the sale. And they were able to transmit that equity to their children. Their children were secure. Their children were able to go to college.
Today, those same homes that sold for $8,000 in the 1950s sell for $400,000, which is about six or seven times national median income. So today, working families, whether white or black, can't afford to buy in Kirkwood. Fifty years ago, when whites similar to them in every other respect except their race were populating the suburbs, African-American families were not permitted to do so, so the legacy of that discrimination continues to this date. Poor African-Americans got crowded into ghettos — into all black, low-income neighborhoods like Ferguson.
And because the Federal Housing Administration refused to guarantee mortgages for African-Americans and would only guarantee mortgages for whites, black people who could afford to buy homes couldn't get mortgages for them. So speculators sold those homes to them on contract, like on an installment plan. And if they were ever late with a payment, their house would be immediately repossessed and resold again on contract to someone else. In order to be able to make these contract payments, which were very high because the demand for housing was so great relative to the supply available to African-Americans, families doubled up, they subdivided their homes, they rented out parts of their homes. That's a great example of how public policies led to the formation of slums.
This then became a multigenerational problem.
Download Rothstein's report, “The Making of Ferguson,” at the Economic Policy Institute or read his article from the Fall 2014 issue of The American Prospect entitled “The Making of Ferguson: How Decades of Hostile Policy Created a Powder Keg.”
In 1943 the United States Congress voted to make Lincoln cents out of zinc-coated steel. The country was fighting World War II and copper supplies were needed to make cartridge casings for the war effort. The steel pennies of 1943 were called silver cents because of their silver grey color. These cents range in color from grey to black because the zinc coating tended to wear off quickly leaving the steel vulnerable to corrosion. Were any 1943 pennies made of copper? Yes! As we have explained, there shouldn't have been. An unknown number were made, due to an accident at the mint… To understand how the accident happened, you have to know something about how coins are made. They begin as 10-foot rolls of metal that look like huge paper towel rolls. Coin blanks are cut from these sheets with what looks like a giant cookie cutter. The blanks are then washed and heated and sent through a machine called an Upsetting machine that shapes the edge of each blank, creating the coin rim. Then the blanks are dumped into hoppers that carry them on train tracks to the coin press room. There the hoppers dump the blanks onto a conveyor belt leading to the coin press. In 1943 mint workers thought they had made sure than no 1942 copper blanks remained in the hoppers. They missed some because 1943 copper cents were later found in circulation. None are known in new condition. Genuine 1943 copper cents are rare and hard to find, and they can be extremely valuable. In 2010, a 1943-S graded MS62BN sold for a world record price for any U.S. small cent of 1.7 million dollars! Beware of fakes! Since the 1943 copper cents are so rare they have been a popular target of counterfeiters and other scam artists. Favorite methods of faking the 1943 copper cent include: copper plating a 1943 steel cent.
altering the date of a Lincoln cent of another year to make it look like the last digit is a “3” -1948 is a common choice.
casting a coin from scratch -very crude and easy to tell, coins are struck not cast.
creating a die from a genuine 1943 steel cent and striking a copper flan with it. If you think you have a 1943 copper cent, how can you tell if it is genuine? Steel cents weigh 2.7 grams, copper cents weigh 3.11 grams.
Steel cents are attracted to a magnet, copper cents aren't.
Compare the digits on a 1943 steel cent with your coin. The shape of the digits should be the same and there should not be tooling marks where empty space would be on the”3″. If your cent passes ALL of the above tests then it is time to get the coin certified by one of the grading services such as NGC or PCGS.
Posted by Adrienne Porter Felt and Emily Schechter, Chrome Security Team
Security has always been critical to the web, but challenges involved in site migration have inhibited HTTPS adoption for several years. In the interest of a safer web for all, at Google we've worked alongside many others across the online ecosystem to better understand and address these challenges, resulting in real change. A web with ubiquitous HTTPS is not the distant future. It's happening now, with secure browsing becoming standard for users of Chrome.
Today, we're adding a new section to the HTTPS Report Card in our Transparency Report that includes data on how HTTPS usage has been increasing over time. More than half of pages loaded and two-thirds of total time spent by Chrome desktop users occur via HTTPS, and we expect these metrics to continue their strong upward trajectory.
Percentage pages loaded over HTTPS in Chrome
As the remainder of the web transitions to HTTPS, we'll continue working to ensure that migrating to HTTPS is a no-brainer, providing business benefit beyond increased security. HTTPS currently enables the best performance the web offers and powerful features that benefit site conversions, including both new features such as service workers for offline support and web push notifications, and existing features such as credit card autofill and the HTML5 geolocation API that are too powerful to be used over non-secure HTTP.
As with all major site migrations, there are certain steps webmasters should take to ensure that search ranking transitions are smooth when moving to HTTPS. To help with this, we've posted two FAQs to help sites transition correctly, and will continue to improve our web fundamentals guidance.
We've seen many sites successfully transition with negligible effect on their search ranking and traffic. Brian Wood, Director of Marketing SEO at Wayfair, a large retail site, commented "we were able to migrate Wayfair.com to HTTPS with no meaningful impact to Google rankings or Google organic search traffic. We are very pleased to say that all Wayfair sites are now fully HTTPS." CNET, a large tech news site, had a similar experience. "We successfully completed our move of CNET.com to HTTPS last month," said John Sherwood, Vice President of Engineering & Technology at CNET. "Since then, there has been no change in our Google rankings or Google organic search traffic."
Webmasters that include ads on their sites also carefully monitor ad performance and revenue during large site migrations. The portion of Google ad traffic served over HTTPS has increased dramatically over the past 3 years. All ads that come from any Google source always support HTTPS, including Google Ads, AdSense or DoubleClick Ad Exchange; ads sold directly, such as those through DoubleClick for Publishers, still need to be designed to be HTTPS-friendly. This means there will be no change to the Google-sourced ads that appear on a site after migrating to HTTPS. Many publishing partners have seen this in practice after a successful HTTPS transition. Jason Tollestrup, Director of Programmatic Advertising for the Washington Post, "saw no material impact to AdX revenue with the transition to SSL."
As migrating to HTTPS becomes even easier, we'll continue working towards a web that's secure by default. Don't hesitate to start planning your HTTPS migration today!
“A whole bunch of carpet cleaning ladies and these carpet cleaning machines […] obviously to clean blood.”
LAS VEGAS (INTELLIHUB) — A man who gambled inside the Cosmopolitan and Bellagio the day after the October 1 massacre says that large portions of the casino floors were sectioned off with big black curtains as deep cleaning crews went to work with industrial carpet cleaning machines to remove blood stains.
The man told End Times News Report that “there were active shooters” that night at the two casinos which are located over a mile away from the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival.
“I went to the Bellagio and I also went to the Cosmopolitan to go gamble and entire sections of the casinos, large portions of the casinos, were sectioned off, he explained. “They put up these large black curtains so you cant see.”
“There were cleaning crews,” he said. “A whole bunch of carpet cleaning ladies and these carpet cleaning machines […] obviously to clean blood.”
Additionally, it's important to point out how another person interviewed by End Times News report, known only as “Source 6,” who was in the Delano Hotel's Skyfall Lounge on the night of the shooting, maintains that there was distinctively audible gunfire coming from further north on the strip, as reported by others like Geo Rios, Rene Downs, and others.
©2017. INTELLIHUB.COM. All Rights Reserved.
Follow @ShepardAmbellas
Final Kobolds & Catacombs Card Reveal Stream - Live Updates
The set is now complete! Ben Brode and Day[9] showcased several cards and a dump followed the stream which contained the rest. You can find all of today's reveals down below.
All cards are now in our database. Check them out here or make use of them in our Deckbuilder.
You can come chat about the new cards on our Twitch Server
Live Updates
Day[9] and Brode are on stream.
We're going to see four matches and then a dungeon run after.
The stream will be 2.5 hours long.
They are now done doing showmatches and are in a dungeon run.
Stream is over. More cards are going to be dumped soon.
Card dumps over.
New Cards
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Discuss this Card
Token
Expansion Guide
Our usual expansion guide is live!
Updates to this will not happen until post event. You want to be right here on this news post for the latest and greatest news!
Stream
Get Cheaper Packs!
This section contains affiliate links. They help the site!
If you want to save money when buying Hearthstone packs, you should check out Amazon Coins! It's an easy way to save up to 25% off Hearthstone packs so you can get into the new expansion without worrying about your wallet too much. We've got a detailed guide on how to Get Started with Amazon Coins, but if you've already dealt with them in the past, you can buy some more by clicking right here.
The best part though? You don't even need an Android device because we've got a guide to show you how to setup an emulator if you're on PC!
Snake catcher rattled by near-miss attack from eastern brown on Queensland property
Posted
A south-east Queensland snake catcher has experienced an incredibly close call while removing two eastern browns from a rural home.
Andrew Smedley was called to Kalbar in the Scenic Rim, south of Brisbane, on Sunday after the large reptiles were spotted near the verandah of a house.
He said when he went to grab the second snake and put it into a bag, he did not get the best grip.
"I sort of just had it too low on the tail, she more or less had control of me," he said.
"She's just kind of swung up and come back on her body — which they are good at — shot straight past my, well it was either my ear or my neck, but I felt it drop on my shoulder as it went down and that rattled me a bit.
"It happened that quick you don't really get time to react, it just went past my head and I saw the gates of heaven and that was it, my life flashed before me.
"I should have really had a hook to control the snake but the one I have is pretty useless so I didn't bother bringing it and obviously a bigger bag."
The eastern brown snake rates number two on the world's most venomous snake list.
Wayne Kirk from the Queensland Ambulance Service said paramedics usually saw a rise in snakebites as the weather started to warm up.
"Every snake should be treated as a venomous snake," he said.
"Most people get bitten on the lower limbs or on their hands because they are trying to mess about with them, they are either trying to catch them or chase them away," he said.
"By moving muscles and panicking [that] just helps that venom to spread a lot quicker, so basically relax, call triple-0, don't panic and if you have a bandage, then apply that compression bandage."
Topics: animal-attacks, human-interest, animals, kalbar-4309
Facebook. Bang with Friends. Tinder. Grindr. Smartphones, apps and the internet are becoming more connected with our bodies and intimacy. But even considering these giant leaps for mankind, you've never been this closely connected before.
In the vein of fitness training apps that allow you to track your progress, a new app has been developed that connects your smartphone with wearable hardware that you can use to train your pelvic floor muscles.
That's right. Wearable.
Described by its developers as “Fitbit for your vagina”, kGoal allows for ‘communication' while completing the exercises, meaning that you can learn if you're doing it wrong, via direct feedback.
The inventors suggest that while pelvic floor exercises are particularly important, they are often neglected – despite being easier to do that most other exercises at the gym.
Note to self: don't do them at the gym.
According to those behind the device, “30 per cent of women need direct feedback to perform a pelvic floor muscle contraction correctly,” meaning that even folks who do the exercises may be doing them wrong. Now your vagina will be able to tell you if you're not treating it well.
The inventors note the misconception that pelvic floor exercises are often considered to be purely for a sexual purpose, with a focus on the male partner. While they note that the exercises “are part of a healthy sexual response, enhancing arousal and orgasm and your connection with your partner”, they also play an important role in bladder control and the period during and after pregnancy.
And you can do it all in an inconspicuous fashion at the office, on a bus or a park bench. People will just think that you're texting an incredibly good friend.
While some people get a natural high from exercise, the app rewards your efforts even more.
How? Through its vibrating function. A spoonful of sugar, as they say.
Importantly, you control KGoal – unlike another recently released app called Fundawear, where vibrating sensors are controlled on your partner's phone.
In another sign of the brave new and internetty world we live in, the company plans to integrate a number of games with the hardware.
Games always make any form of exercise more fun, and everyone around you will just think that you really, really like Angry Birds.
Kgoal is expected to retail for around $US175, plus $25 shipping outside the States. However, the product is currently crowdfunding on Kickstarter – it has raised over $140,000 of a $90,000 goal – where you can get a first production run kGoal for around US$125 or about $150 in real money.
So I came back probably for a few days, but what's upModeling for my Hobbies so I do not have to constantly play with it but the big downside is that I learn nothing in this way :/I decided to make Freddy Fazbear again and here he does not finish alle because he lacks a hand, but what's upI got some advice from my good approach when it comes to modeling and you can see the results. This is not ideal but it is not the worstBetter than the previous Freddy model that was made in Cinema 4DI would also like to say that this model also has an endoskeleton, so I have two models in one of which the endoskeleton exited a little les (it's bout materials)Well, that's it for today, we'll see what I'll do nextMerry Christmas!Texture by Advice from a friend Sorry my English
Will a Balance Transfer Solve Your Credit Card Debt?
What is a Balance Transfer?
A balance transfer is when you move an existing credit card or loan balance to a different credit card account to pay it off. If you have a high balance on one or several credit cards, you can transfer a certain amount up to the credit limit of the new credit card account.
Why You Should Consider a Balance Transfer
Lower interest rates. If you have a high balance on one or more credit cards that both have high-interest rates, you are paying an outrageous amount in interest charges. Plus, if you are only paying the minimum each month, it's hard to make any headway toward paying down each balance. Transfer a certain amount to a credit card with 0% interest, which will probably only be for a certain amount of time, and start making payments. Your payments will make a bigger dent in paying down debt. Whatever amount you may have left on your initial credit cards will not accrue as much in interest charges.
Simplify the payment process. It can be difficult to keep up with all of your payments, balances and account information for multiple credit accounts. If you are able to, consolidating these balances on one 0% interest credit card can help you monitor your finances. As an added bonus, you'll only have one payment for the accounts you consolidate.
Chip away at your debt. It can be discouraging when you feel as though you are getting nowhere with your debt. Just think about when you hit the gym for a few weeks, and have no progress to show for it. You wonder if it's even worth it to keep going. If you dig in and keep at it, though, all the hard work will begin to pay off. It's like this with paying down your debt. The mental aspect of handling debt is a big part of the picture. Transferring your balance can help you become focused and have a feeling of accomplishment each month.
The Facts About Balance Transfers
You will be paying fees. This should come as no surprise. You are, in fact, dealing with credit cards. Some offer lower fees than others on balance transfers. So make sure you do your homework before applying for a balance transfer credit card. The fee will be a certain percentage of the total amount you transfer. In most cases you will see a 3 percent transfer fee — so if you transfer $5,000 you'll pay a $150 fee. It might seem a little steep, but if you're using a card with 0% interest, it could be worth it.
The old bait and switch. Credit card companies are able to lure consumers who are battling debt with the low-interest rate. A 0% interest rate looks too good to be true; how could you pass that up, especially when you have been paying so much interest for so long? The 0% interest rate will not last forever. Normally it will be for six to twelve months. Once this period is over the interest will increase to a normal rate. Unless you pay this balance off before the 0% interest rate expires, you will find yourself in the same situation as before.
New purchases can hurt you. Your new credit card might offer 0% interest on your balance transfer, but may not when it comes to new purchases. Each time you make a purchase on your new credit card you could be paying the normal interest rate charge.
Crunching the Balance Transfer Numbers
We decided to crunch the numbers to show how a balance transfer could help with debt and paying off your credit cards. We decided to use the Balance Transfer Calculator from CreditCards.com to assist in this experiment, which can come in handy when dealing with balance transfers.
The Credit Cards
Breaking down the credit cards:
Credit Card 1 Balance- $3000 APR- 17% Minimum Payment- $200
Credit Card 2 Balance- $2000 APR- 24% Minimum Payment- $100
So, we went with a total amount of $5,000 because the average household has a little over five thousand in credit card debt.
Each Card by Themselves
We used the CreditKarma.com Debt Pay Off Calculator to help determine how much it would take to pay off each card separately.
For card number 1, here is how long it would take:
It would take around 17 months to completely pay off this credit card.
You would pay $396 in interest until this credit card is completely paid off.
For credit card number 2, here is how long it would take:
It would take you around 26 months to pay this card off completely.
You would pay $580 in interest until this credit card is completely paid off.
Now Let's Transfer the Balance to One Card
We put in both credit cards including the balance, APR and monthly payment.
Our balance transfer credit card as an introductory APR of zero, and a balance transfer fee of 3%. Meaning, if we transfer the whole balance ($5,000), which will be $150.
The result?
By combining the balances and the monthly payment, you will take 17 months to pay off both credit cards saving $774.45. But, if you were to pin your ears back and pay off the credit card within the 12 month period, you would save a ton of cash.
How a Balance Transfer Affects Your Credit
Your score will drop. When you open a new credit card account, it is assumed that you will be taking on new debt. Applying for a new credit card means that an inquiry will be put on your credit report. New inquiries account for 10% of your credit score. A hit on your report means your score will drop. It's only a few points, but it does some damage.
The age of your credit will become lower. Credit age is also a factor in determining your credit score, so the older your credit history, the better. A new account will lower the age of all your accounts.
You could help your utilization percentage. Your utilization is determined by your balance compared to available credit. Your limit-to-balance ratio is 30 percent of your credit score. This means it could actually help your credit after a certain amount of time.
What to Remember When Considering a Balance Transfer:
Make sure you know the terms and conditions. Read all the fine print to determine the following:
The time frame 0% interest is offered.
What the interest rate will increase to after 0% ends.
What happens if you make new purchases with the card.
The transfer fees.
Not knowing this important information could cause you to end up in a worse situation than before.
Will opening a new credit card be worth it? If you have a low credit score you might not qualify for a card that offers 0% interest on balance transfers. It is actually a little more difficult to come across one that will provide this offer if you don't have at least “good” credit. Make sure that a balance transfer is actually worth it. You might just need to make adjustments to how you manage your finances.
Be absolutely sure you can make the payments. Missing a payment happens. No one is perfect. But if you miss a payment after you have made a balance transfer, your 0% interest offer will probably end.
You're only going to use the card for a balance transfer. When opening a new card for a balance transfer, you only want to use that card for its original purpose. If you are going to use the card for new purchases, you will be back to paying interest.
Share this story on FlipBoard: Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Want more great financial advice from Robert Palmer? Then be sure to sign-up for the Saving Thousands Newsletter:
This unfortunate situation really underlines the importance of tenured teaching positions, continuing contracts and unions that can protect the basic rights of public employees.
The positive reviews took a dramatic change for the worse, however, when Mr. Diss began to speak out in opposition to the building of a new Planned Parenthood facility in downtown Portland. Mr. Diss was involved in opposition activities on his own time, and did not bring his political or religious convictions into his instruction in the classroom. Nonetheless, he began to experience complaints about his political activities from school administrators, and his teaching came under sudden, rigorous scrutiny. Complaints, negative evaluations, letters of reprimand and formal meetings became a regular part of Mr. Dissâ life at school for as long as he engaged in outspoken, public opposition to Planned Parenthood. Wait a second... Shortly after the beginning of the 2012-2013 school year, presenters with the Teen Outreach Program (TOP) came to Mr. Dissâ tutorial classes to give a presentation recruiting students for the TOP program. When presenters entered the tutorial, Mr. Diss, consistent with District policy, asked for identification. He was handed a card that identified the presenters as employees of Planned Parenthood. This knowledge surprised Mr. Diss, and caused him serious emotional distress due to his well-known personal religious convictions and his years of work to oppose that organization.
This sounds like a possible tort claim. It's important that people who have suffered serious emotional distress be given access to our courts. But how would the school have known about his well-known personal convictions, given that Mr. Diss kept them separate from his place of employment? It's all very strange.
He expressed his dilemma to Benson Principal, Carol Campbell at the time and asked to be excused from being present for the presentation due to his religious convictions. His request was denied.
Do teachers get "personal time" to engage in acts of political protest during the school day? Do they have the freedom to not hear opinions that are not their own? I have not heard of that. Seems legit, though!
He was told that he would be required to be present for the TOP presentation. Through the remainder of the school year during which he taught, Mr. Diss continued to have to deal with Planned Parenthood staff as they administered the TOP program.
It must be very unpleasant to deal with people who strongly disagree with you on an issue as divisive as this one, loitering about your place of employment. If there's any silver lining here, it's the fact that Planned Parenthood's supporters do not have a long documented history of violence in pursuing their agenda. At least Mr. Diss was able to feel safe at his workplace, even though he was surrounded by people whom he disagrees with.
Simultaneous to his request not to be involved with TOP, Mr. Dissâ teaching came under renewed censorial review. Mr. Diss accepted the input from school administration, but the year proved to be extremely stressful, including numerous classroom observations and meetings with school administration. On March 19, 2013 school administrators summarily demanded that Mr. Diss leave the school premises and not returnâplacing him on paid administrative leave. Mr. Diss was told to leave the school and was escorted off the premises by a police officer. This unnecessary show of force is symbolic of the animus faced by Mr. Diss throughout the year.
It's really a shame that anyone would need to be escorted to or from their place of employment by armed police officers because they have an unpopular position on a divisive issue.
By Juan Cole | (Informed Comment) | – –
The Russian air war against al-Qaeda in Syria (the Nusra Front or the Support Front) took a tragic turn on Saturday when a missile hit a downtown government building complex and prison in Maarat al-Numan. It left some 51 or more dead and 70 wounded. The Russians also bombed nearby towns of Saraqib and Khan Shikhun.
Presumably the inmates in a prison run by al-Qaeda were a mixture of other radicals (perhaps Daesh [ISIL, ISIS] and liberals of the former Free Syrian Army. Whether what we would consider criminals were in the prison I don't know. Al-Qaeda runs its territory in Syria in a Taliban-like way, with morals police and social regimentation. So some prisoners could just be people who didn't go along with the al-Qaeda state practices. Alarabiya is reporting that some of those killed or wounded were in the downtown market adjacent to the government buildings. Russia needs to be more careful or it will end up simply alienating all the ordinary Sunnis in Syria with these blunt tactics. Locals are demanding that Russia be charged by the international community with war crimes.
The killing of so many non-combatants underlines how blunt the use of air power in a guerrilla war is. Critics are saying that Russia has adopted the same lazy and deadly air tactics as had the Syria regime itself. This is a fair criticism.
The US critique of the Russian strike, however, is just misdirection and hypocrisy. I oppose the Russian airstrikes in Syria, but the fact is that Russia is clearly hitting al-Qaeda-held territory. The US pretends that al-Qaeda doesn't exist in Syria or that it isn't the threat that Daesh (ISIS, ISIL) is. But al-Qaeda is more dangerous to the regime than Daesh, and it is generally a dangerous organization that reports directly to Ayman al-Zawahiri, the mastermind behind the 9/11 attacks on New York. There is every reason for Russia to bomb al-Qaeda in Syria, and more reason to bomb it than to bomb Daesh, which is off in the eastern desert.
Russian strategy is to push up from Homs north into Idlib and take the province back away from al-Qaeda and its allies in the Saudi and Turkey-backed Army of Conquest. It is suspicious to me that the State Dept. is complaining about this campaign, and I think it may be because the US itself in Syria is allied with allies of al-Qaeda.
Everyone in Washington will have forgotten that the US routinely bombed civilian cities during its occupation of Iraq. Here is an example, in which the US killed 49 with one strike on Sadr City. Here is another, considering the matter as tactics and strategy.
Not to mention that when it bombs Raqqa and other Daesh-held cities even today, the US kills civilians regularly. Just a month ago, the US killed 26 civilians in Khan in Hasaka province during attempted strikes on Daesh positions.
Maarat al-Numan is the birthplace of a great medieval blind Arab poet, Abu al-Ala' al-Ma`arri (973-1057). He is known for rejecting the doctrine of life after death, and for having exalted reason over religion. There was a statue to him in Maarat al-Numan, which al-Qaeda destroyed when it took over the town. In the following poem, rendered by the great early 20th century Arabic and Persian specialist, R. A. Nicholson, al-Ma'arri considered that we are constantly walking on the dead of previous generations, buried in the ground on which we tread:
The Arrogant beneath our Feet
It's sorrow enough that after he roamed at will,
The days beckon a man and say,
“Leave, and enter now a grave!”
How many times have our feet trodden beneath the dust
A brow of the arrogant, a skull of the debonair!
Al-Ma'arri
And here is al-Ma`arri's condemnation, across the centuries, of both the sort of tyranny in which the al-Assad regime engages and of the religious messianism of al-Qaeda, praising instead the path of reason:
None to Lead but Reason
You've had your way a long, long time,
You kings and tyrants,
And still you work injustice hour by hour.
What ails you that do not tread a path of glory?
A man may take the field, although he loves the bower.
But some hope a divine leader with prophetic voice
Will rise amid the gazing silent ranks.
An idle thought! There's none to lead but reason,
To point the morning and the evening ways.
Al-Ma'arri
——
Related video:
Russian Insider from last week: “Exclusive footage of destroyed ISIS convoy in Syria after the Russian airstrikes”
The security forces on Tuesday destroyed an illegal structure serving as a synagogue in the Givat Menachem outpost near the West Bank settlement of Nahliel.
Shortly afterwards, the Civil Administration received a report of a number of Palestinians vehicles with smashed windshields found near the village of Bitilu. The Civil Administration launched an investigation into the incident.
West Bank Leftists videotape settler stone-throwing near Hebron Olga Goretzky Peace activists attacked by hooded settlers while documenting what they say is illegal Jewish construction in south Mount Hebron; leftist, activist injured in altercation. 'This was a lynch attempt,' leftist says Leftists videotape settler stone-throwing near Hebron
After the synagogue was destroyed, the holy books were handed over to the community rabbi. The operation was completed without any unusual incidents.
The Binyamin settlers' committee said in response that "the selective destruction of the synagogue is a continuation of the demolition of the synagogue in (the outpost of) Maoz Ester last week. (Defense Minister Ehud) Barak specializes in destruction, and the synagogue and additional structures in the Binyamin region will be rebuilt as early as today."
Meanwhile, the security forces and Civil Administration representatives handed out demolition orders on Hill 18, near the Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba. In response, the Binyamin and Samaria settlers' committee declared together with the Komemiut movement that the settlers would begin Tuesday to set up houses, clubs, a café and a nursery in 10 communities. The operation would be launched in the settlement of Elon Moreh, they said.
"We have said, and have been consistent about it the entire time, that a new building will be set up in the exact place where a building freeze order is issued."
The planet is hurtling towards a disturbing milestone as researchers predict that the southern hemisphere "within days" will reach a new atmospheric baseline of 400 parts per million (ppm) of carbon, signifying that humanity has entered a new phase in our climate impact.
"Once it's over [400 ppm], it won't go back," Paul Fraser, a retired fellow with Australia's Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization (CSIRO), told the Sydney Morning Herald on Tuesday. "It could be within 10 days."
The symbolic climate threshold is expected to be recorded at the Cape Grim monitoring site, on the northwestern point of Tasmania, which is jointly run by CSIRO and the Bureau of Meteorology and said to capture "the most accurate reading of the atmospheric conditions in the southern hemisphere." On May 6, a CSIRO team took a reading of 399.9 ppm.
The 400 ppm milestone has been reached before. First, in May 2013 at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) observatory in Mauna Loa, Hawaii and later in Alaska. But, in both those cases, the carbon concentration later dipped back down with the seasonal cycle. Unfortunately, as Fraser warned, this new record may be here to stay. The Herald explains:
With less land in the south, there is also a much smaller fluctuation according to the seasonal cycle than in northern hemisphere sites. That's because the north has more trees and other vegetation, which take up carbon from the atmosphere in the spring and give it back in the autumn. So while 400 ppm has been temporarily exceeded at the other two main global stations since 2013 - in Hawaii and Alaska - they have dropped back below that level once spring has arrived because of that greater seasonal variation.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Fraser estimates that CO2 levels are rising fast—roughly 3 ppm each year. Once the 400 ppm level is reached it "will take a few weeks to verify."
The chart below shows 40 years of records taken at Cape Grim with the red line denoting the baseline concentration of CO2.
Australian Greens deputy leader Larissa Waters said the landmark "should act as a global wake-up call and must shock both Australian big political parties out of their blind coal-obsession which is literally cooking our planet and our Great Barrier Reef."
As The Herald notes, the likely 400 ppm record will be reached as Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull continues to push new coal infrastructure projects and oppose proposals to lower emissions in compliance with the COP21 climate agreement. What's more, it follows an announcement that the government is slashing 275 jobs at CSIRO, mostly in climate science.
Montreal
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams and Canadian philosopher Charles Taylor have called for more openness and dialogue among different faith traditions, saying there can be no single definition of religion that will fit all cases.
Williams joined Taylor in a “conversation” September 15 that was the keynote event in a weekend conference organized by the Centre for Research on Religion, an interdisciplinary arm of McGill University's School of Religious Studies.
There needs to be more exchanges between people of different traditions, said Taylor, a prolific author of books, including A Secular Age. Taylor is also widely known for having co-chaired, along with sociologist Gérard Bouchard, a Quebec provincial commission that recommended a ban on religious symbols worn by public servants in positions of “coercive authority,” including judges and police officers.
In the wake of the Quebec City mosque attack early this year, Taylor reversed his position, arguing it was no longer appropriate in today's climate.
“There is no possible ethical position that does not involve dilemmas. The world is just too complicated,” said Taylor. “The rule book can be great, but then you can't live up to it. Without cultural development in society, a rule book is of little use.”
Williams agreed, noting that “a rationalist secularism that silences other voices” has given rise to problems. “The state acts as it does because the culture is as it is. We need to have more argument in public.”
Williams said this holds true for both politics and religion. “If the church is what we say it is, then we will always have something that we need to learn from the other,” he said. “And if democracy is not to be just authoritarian tyranny, this assumes ongoing argument. But this argument should be managed justly, peacefully and purposely.”
Today, Williams said, it too often seems that people are being offered an unappealing religious choice between authoritarianism and the pious sentimentality of “beautiful souls.”
The forum also touched on the topic of the jihadist group Islamic State, and Williams noted that although critics sometimes refer to it as medieval, it is not really medieval enough.
Williams said that even though the Islamic State evokes an imagined past, characteristics like pressure toward uniformity make it quite modern, like other fundamentalist groups.
“They set out to define a market share and then attract people to it. That's modernity,” said Williams, a renowned scholar, author and head of the Church of England and worldwide Anglican Communion from 2003 to 2012.
The Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC)-NITA PARAM Super-computing Centre, first of its kind in the state, was today inaugurated at the NIT Agartala by Chief Minister to boost research in molecular dynamics, bio-informatics, life science and physics.
Sarkar, in his inaugural speech, said it would boost advance researching in different fields and help to make some predictions of flood and other calamities and help the administration to take some remedial measures.
C-DAC's executive director Hemant Darbari, said earlier such a super computer was installed in IIT-Guwahati in the North-East and it was the second one which would help in mobilising indigenous human and technical resources in a bid to attain technological competency.
"C-DAC as an institute involved in research, design and development of technology, seeks to strengthen its brand equity and create a higher value for its activities in contributing to the economy and society at large," he said.
Darbari said C-DAC has taken an initiative to install this type of super computer in all the premier technical institutes like IITs and NITs of the country.
NEW DELHI: If you own the latest iPhone, travel overseas frequently and flaunt multiple credit cards, it's likely that you will subscribe to Netflix That's what one of the world's largest on-demand internet streaming media companies is betting on. The US-based company with around 75 million subscribers globally, said its services are not for the country's masses. It wants to position itself as a premium service provider."We are after a small base of English-speaking people, who travel abroad, are wealthy and want to watch the latest shows that are being launched in the US," a senior executive at the company told TOI. One cannot subscribe to Netflix without a credit card.Netflix launched in India last month. It operates a subscription-based model with monthly fees ranging between Rs 500 and Rs 800, where the first month is free for people who sign up. "On Netflix, Indians more or less watch what people are watching globally. With time, we will develop local content," said the executive. "We are in talks with people here to develop a TV series. In markets such as Brazil, local content makes up for around 20% of our offering."India's Sundance entry Brahman Naman, a coming-of-age comedy by indie director Q of Gandu fame, is Netflix's first purchase in India and will be made available to its global subscribers. Netflix keeps aside an annual budget of $5 billion to purchase fresh content.Contrary to popular belief, Netflix is consumed more through television rather than mobile devices in developed markets. "We account for 34% of the peak residential use of the internet in the US," said the executive. "Smart TVs and gaming consoles are used the most to consume our services while mobile devices are picking up."Despite India luring a host of internet video streaming platforms both global and desi including Eros Now, Spuul, Hooq and Hotstar, Netflix has no plans of opening an office here. "We will operate out of Singapore," the Netflix executive said.
Profile
Wheelchair-bound Korean War vet is a trustee of the Lebowski Foundation, which sends inner-city children to college via the Little Lebowski Urban Achievers program. Recipient of various commendations and honorary degrees, including the key to the city of Pasadena and the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce Business Achiever award. He calls second wife Bunny the "light of my life," but hopes she "will someday learn to live on her allowance, which is ample." Lebowski is dogged by rumors that he has no money of his own, and lives off funds his deceased first wife left to the Foundation. He's unbowed. "I've accomplished more than most men, and without the use of my legs," he says. "The bums will always lose!" Featured in the Coen Brothers' film The Big Lebowski. more »
Ousted Evangelical Reflects On Faith, Future
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jessica Kourkounis/AP Jessica Kourkounis/AP
For 10 years, the Rev. Richard Cizik was the chief lobbyist for the National Association of Evangelicals, which represents roughly 30 million constituents across the United States.
But he was forced out of that position in December 2008, after remarks he made on Fresh Air about his support of gay civil unions, among other things.
On Wednesday, Cizik returned to Fresh Air to discuss how his life has changed since he left the association and why he started a new group called the Evangelical Partnership for the Common Good, which he hopes will be an alternative to Christian groups that focus on the culture wars.
Cizik says he has no regrets about what happened to him after appearing on the show.
"In so many ways, this has been good for me," he tells Terry Gross, adding that his support of same-sex civil unions wasn't the only reason he was asked to leave the NAE.
toggle caption David Hathaway
"It was a sum total of everything [I said on Fresh Air]," Cizik explains. "It was speaking out on behalf of creation care, climate change, a broader agenda -- speaking out on a host of levels that just offended the old guard. Civil unions, well that was just one part of it."
Cizik says that he still strongly believes that same-sex couples should be allowed to obtain civil unions.
"While I haven't come to a conclusion on [gay marriage], I am convinced that you can't deny rights to people based on their sexual orientation. It's wrong," he says. "It's even wrong, I think, as Christians to take that position. Because we should support human rights for all people even when they don't agree with us."
He also explains how he believes the evangelical movement has changed in the past several decades -- and why he believes the evangelical movement is overdue for another ideological shift.
"Most important, [we need to become] independent of partisanship and ideology rather than subservient to partisanship and ideology," he says. "Evangelicalism [has] become so subservient to an ideology and to a political party that it needs, as I say, to be born again."
Interview Highlights
On his comments about same-sex marriage on Fresh Air that forced him to resign from his position at the National Association of Evangelicals
"It came out of the depths of the heart the mouth speaks and so it just came out. I hadn't planned on saying it, but I had been thinking about it a long time. And that's because I had been looking at constitutional arguments that are now being weighed by the California Supreme Court. In other words, can we deny rights to others whose rights we don't especially share? Or, in fact, may disagree with strongly? And yet, yes I agree with what I said then and I agree with it now. What's changed since then -- even over the last year -- according to a poll released just this week by Public Religion Research Institute, is that a majority of evangelicals -- not just younger evangelicals -- say that they agree either with same-sex marriage or civil unions. That's a majority of white evangelicals in California. And evangelicals around the country are looking at this in new light and new ways and evaluating this in terms of the Constitution and in light of our Christian values. And that's good."
On being asked to resign
"We have an evangelical saying that goes like this: 'When God closes one door, he opens another.' Well, absolutely right, I found out about that. But [God] doesn't say anything about catching your fingers in the doorjamb as you leave. What I'd say to people who have been sacked, fired or whatever -- don't get your fingers caught in the doorjamb while leaving. In other words, don't try to pull yourself back in. ... But God is bigger than those events that precipitate your departure from that job. I'm not the only only who lost my job in recent days, weeks, years. So recognize it as an opportunity and see how God is going to help you in the future."
On how evangelicalism has changed
"It became perceived by millions and millions of Americans as captive to a conservative ideology. Not captive to Jesus or to the Gospel but captive to an ideology that has departed, in so many ways, from historic evangelicalism. The movement has always been a reactionary movement. It was born out of reaction to the 19th century biblical criticism in biology in which evangelicals reacted to that and moved away. The new evangelicals of the 20th century saw the fallacy of that kind of approach towards society but after a number of decades, that kind of neo-evangelicalism that was founded by the National Association of Evangelicals -- well it's fallen back into the same kind of subservience to reactionary-ism. Evangelicalism is [seen] today by what it's against, not what it's for. And we're trying to say, we're for these things. And among This is this command to first and foremost follow Jesus -- not the Republican Party or Rush Limbaugh or anyone else, but to follow what the Gospel says."
On the Tea Party movement
"The Tea Party movement is irreligious and significantly so. It's got lots of problems. I wouldn't join it if I were an evangelical and I would urge others not to or at least to be suspicious of it because it doesn't bring with it the whole biblical concept of responsibility and the rest to God and so I'm not a Tea Party fan."
On religious imperialism
"[Religious leaders across the world] look upon our advocacy on behalf of religious freedom as intervention. And they resent that. And so we really have to be careful when engaging overseas that we understand how these pivotal players in these religious communities view us. And not attempt to manipulate them but understand their importance. ... And we just can't view religion through the lens of counterterrorism policy. We have to understand that religions play pivotal roles on all of these issues of poverty, development, disease and the like. Even climate change. And we have to engage these players."
RICHMOND, Va. (Dec. 31, 2015) – A bill introduced in the Virginia legislature would decriminalize marijuana for adults, changing criminal penalties into civil infractions. The proposal would not only decriminalize marijuana in the Old Dominion, it would also take a big step toward nullifying federal cannabis prohibition in practice in Virginia.
Sen. Adam Ebbin (D-Alexandria) pre-filed Senate Bill 104 (SB104) for introduction during the 2016 legislative session. The bill would change the Virginia state criminal code to read as follows:
It is unlawful for any person knowingly or intentionally to possess marijuana unless the substance was obtained directly from, or pursuant to, a valid prescription or order of a practitioner while acting in the course of his professional practice… The attorney for the Commonwealth or the county, city, or town attorney may prosecute such a case. Any violation of this section may be charged by summons. Upon the prosecution of a person for violation of this section, ownership or occupancy of the premises or vehicle upon or in which marijuana was found shall not create a presumption that such person either knowingly or intentionally possessed such marijuana. Any person who violates this section is subject to a civil penalty of no more than $100, upon a second violation is subject to a civil penalty of no more than $250, and upon a third or subsequent violation is subject to a civil penalty of no more than $500. Such civil penalties are payable to the Literary Fund.
The best thing about measures such as SB104 is that they are completely Constitutional, and there is little if anything the feds can do to stop them in practice.
EFFECT ON FEDERAL PROHIBITION
Passage of SB104 would remove one layer of laws prohibiting the possession and use of marijuana, but federal prohibition would remain in place.
Of course, the federal government lacks any constitutional authority to ban or regulate marijuana within the borders of a state, despite the opinion of the politically connected lawyers on the Supreme Court. If you doubt this, ask yourself why it took a constitutional amendment to institute federal alcohol prohibition.
While the Virginia bill would not alter federal law, it would take a step toward nullifying in effect the federal ban. FBI statistics show that law enforcement makes approximately 99 of 100 marijuana arrests under state, not federal law. By erasing the state laws, the Virginia legislature would essentially sweep away the basis for 99 percent of marijuana arrests.
Furthermore, figures indicate it would take 40 percent of the DEA's yearly-budget just to investigate and raid all of the dispensaries in Los Angeles – a single city in a single state. That doesn't include the cost of prosecution. The lesson? The feds lack the resources to enforce marijuana prohibition without state assistance.
If the state legislature passes SB104, Virginia would join a growing number of states simply ignoring federal prohibition. Colorado, Washington state and Alaska have all legalized both recreational and medical marijuana, and 23 states now allow cannabis for medical use. With nearly half the country legalizing marijuana, the feds find themselves in a position where they simply can't enforce prohibition any more. The feds need state cooperation to fight the “drug war,” and that has rapidly evaporated in the last few years with state legalization, practically nullifying the ban.
“The lesson here is pretty straight forward. When enough people say, ‘No!' to the federal government, and enough states pass laws backing those people up, there's not much the feds can do to shove their so-called laws, regulations or mandates down our throats,” Tenth Amendment Center founder and executive director Michael Boldin said.
SB104 will be formally introduced during the 2016 legislative session. It must pass the Senate Committee for Courts of Justice before it can receive a full vote in the Senate.
ACTION ITEMS
For Virginia: Support this bill by following all the steps at THIS LINK.
For other states: Take action to nullify marijuana prohibition at this link.
While ISIS literally hijacks the airwaves to broadcast recruiting propaganda on radio shows, a Swedish government report has declared milk to be a racist hate symbol.
A report by the Total Defense Research Institute commissioned by the government concludes that both milk and the ‘OK' hand sign are hate symbols that represent white supremacy.
The purpose of the report was to analyze Internet comments to “provide an insight into some digital environments whose common denominator is that they are all xenophobic.”
Other signs of “hatred” include using profanity as well as “expressions of anxiety or fear,” presumably over the thousands of Muslim migrants that pour into the country on a regular basis.
While the Swedish government and its subsidiaries seem to be extremely concerned with milk being used as a symbol to radicalize racists, actual ISIS recruitment propaganda is being broadcast on Swedish radio stations.
Returning ISIS jihadists are also being given welfare and housing, rapes are skyrocketing and urban terrorism and bombings are now commonplace.
One is tempted to say that this story could only come out of Sweden, but elements of the leftist media in America declared milk to be a symbol of racist hate months ago.
Back in February, Mic.com's Jack Smith wrote that, “Milk is the new, creamy symbol of white racial purity in Donald Trump's America,” because some trolls were seen chugging it as part of a troll of Shia LaBeouf's “he will not divide us” art installation.
Back in March, the Daily 49er published an op-ed by a student at the California State University who claimed that many Americans, “have been so accustomed to hearing the benefits of milk that you probably didn't even realize the subtle racism hidden in our health facts.”
Samantha Diaz went on to ludicrously assert that the federal government has encouraged people to make milk an essential part of their diet. “despite the potential detriment it has on non-white people's health.”
According to The Conversation, milk is “a symbol of neo-Nazi hate” because a handful of white supremacist forums have embraced it as that.
The lack of self-awareness in understanding that trolls deliberately embraced milk as a hate symbol as part of a prank in an attempt to force the media into treating such a ridiculous notion seriously seems to have been lost on most.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
“There is no alternative,” Margaret Thatcher was fond of saying in the 1980s, as the Tory dream detonated the old British economy and replaced it with another. For Thatcher and her descendants across the world, there was no alternative to the then-new agenda of privatisation and a permanently shrinking public sector, and there never can be. Any attempts to provide an alternative, should they be mounted, can only prove the impossibility of alternatives in the first place. To this day, centre-right political parties don't just want economic and social victories, but moral affirmation. Which brings us to the building waves of frothy media reaction to the “socialists” Jeremy Corbyn, running for the leadership of the UK Labour Party, and Bernie Sanders, aiming for the Democratic presidential nomination in the US.
As Noah Daponte-Smith at Forbes declared in a spectacular semantic rug-pull, “Sanders and Corbyn are not so much protest candidates as they are registers of discontent, non-participation, conscientious objection.” You can pack out stadiums and civic centres that outstrip your nearest opponent by a factor of four, as Sanders has done, but you represent non-participation. You can double the official membership of your party in a matter of months, like Corbyn, but canny observers recognise it as a sign of discontent. This theme repeats in much of the commentary around both candidates: we're told they're powered by upper-middle class leftism, with occasional mentions of something called “an organised left”.
The struggle is, of course, very real. The parliamentary wing of the UK Labour Party is enjoying its open-heart surgery moment, as shadow cabinet members happily leak to the Daily Telegraph about how they'd execute Corbyn if he got the leadership job. Grandee after Labour grandee has emerged to warn of coming electoral defeat. Tony Blair, the ghost of Christmas past, has helpfully stepped in three times to haunt Corbyn and demand that he repent. Corbyn's real crime isn't that he threatens the centre-right orthodoxy of Labour's parliamentary bloc, but that he might not want to win at all.
In multiple interviews, he shifts the subject away from his own popularity and reflects back on the process which is giving him the electoral lead: “This is about hope. It is not just here. There are equivalent movements across Europe, the USA and elsewhere. It's been bubbling for a long time”, he told the Guardian. “There has to be an open debate in the party and so I have suggested we do a number of open conventions on the economy, the environment, the constitution, social and foreign policies,” he continued.
If this sounds familiar, it should. The transparent goal is to ask questions of the parliamentary Labour Party machine with its own base watching. Does the party want to continue to print anti-immigration slogans on mugs while shows such as Gypsies on Benefits and Proud play on Channel 5? Is it happy to dismiss the massive Scottish National Party vote at the last election as an anti-centralisation blip? But most of all, can it elect a leader who still marches for causes he cares about?
Those causes are in fact what parliamentary Labour increasingly tries to delegitimise and isolate: the anti-austerity marches, protests and organised resistance to the Tory program of which Corbyn is a symbol. The party doesn't see those issues as a base on which to draw; they're the competition. When Corbyn says “[PM David] Cameron and [Chancellor of the Exchequer George] Osborne want to squeeze the poor til the pips squeak”, he is expressing the simple popular anger at a failed Tory economic program. I think both the ebullient flag-raising of Owen Jones and the tone-deaf gloating of Boris Johnson both miss the point completely – people are excited about Corbyn not because Ed Miliband wasn't left enough, but because English political life as a whole is a disaster area. Bad government and bad alternatives lead people to make the next logical step in their self-interest, and right now for a lot of people, that means the immediate defenestration of the soft Tory equilibrium. It isn't about the resurgence of old-style socialism, but people coming to political speeches for the first time who are unable to take another day of UKIP apologia, disability pension cuts and £200 train fares.
For his part, Bernie Sanders in the US has been quickly transforming his campaign speeches from broad diatribes just a few months ago to full campaign stumps, cataloguing a list of demands. Rooms of 8000 have grown to stadiums of 26,000 in just over six weeks.
Against the cynicism of Hillary Clinton's campaign, skating along any feel-good centrism it can find, Sanders' platform – especially his declarations against the infamous Citizens United decision by the Supreme Court, which opened the floodgates to a massive increase in secret corporate campaign funding – seems relatively scholarly. Like a lot of people, I initially mistook Sanders' sometimes-unpolished speeches for the purest populism. All his talk about “injecting morality into politics” sounded familiar and disappointing. But, like Corbyn, Sanders isn't providing the hope of a return to power by a mythic resurgent left, but rather a strong criticism of the entire system in which he's participating.
What details fit in Sanders' stump speeches suggest that he is deeply invested in medium- and long-term policy planning. This is the simplest explanation for his success so far: as Jason Wilson found when interviewing Sanders' supporters, his long and consistent record (and age) are working in his favour. Sure, he makes promises of unrealistic new social programs, but they are ones which address the unrealistic conditions of being in America in 2015.
Sanders is asking questions about the process of selecting a presidential candidate with new and old registered Democrats watching. If you ask the Washington press, the process is about positioning for money, more than ever. As Matt Taibbi wrote for Rolling Stone in April, “the press has trained all of us to worry about these questions of financing on behalf of candidates even at such an early stage”. On those terms, a Sanders who raises money from unions can never compete against a Goldman Sachs–backed Hillary Clinton or a Trump-backed Donald Trump.
Taibbi adds that all Sanders' alleged socialism means is that “an elected government should occasionally step in and offer an objection or two toward our progress to undisguised oligarchy”, but that's completely secondary to his disconnection from high finance. Money is regarded as seriousness, and Sanders won't have the seriousness, even if he somehow finds the money. With that as the backdrop, Sanders' earnest outrage at the corruption of presidential politics has drawn in the disillusioned for another look.
Local progressives and organized left networks in Australia have been buoyed by the sight of standing-room only events in Hackney and stadium-filling redistribution eisteddfods in Iowa, but most commentary takes roughly the same view of history as has the Australian's foreign editor Greg Sheridan. That Australia is five years behind the UK and the US, that greater taxation isn't yet popular and appealing, that our political right hasn't completely fractured yet – though perhaps on that last count we should give it another week.
While the local press hasn't yet decided to demonise Sanders, Sheridan has been quick to attack Corbyn from the moment he appeared, though as he says “there is no Corbyn on our horizon”. However, if the ALP had anything like the direct voting system adopted by UK Labour, we'd be talking about Opposition leader Anthony Albanese, who at the very least promised to be more pugnacious than the elusive Shorten. But if the ALP appears adrift and rudderless, perhaps it is because it hasn't yet needed to take a position on how to reform an economy that still seems more or less functional to most Australians, and, given that our politics at present is defined by deep Liberal incompetence, perhaps it won't need to for a while. Sanders and Corbyn are emerging from the remains of deeply failed governance to articulate alternatives. As bad as the Abbott government has been so far, our situation is different, our problems more subtle.
Australia's moment is defined by the failure to get any significant structural or long-term economic return from the depletion of our resources, which is not quite the same as the wholesale destruction of communities that the Tories have overseen in the UK. Our version of conservative austerity was a disorganised last-minute facsimile of the real thing. If there is no Corbyn or Sanders in Australia, perhaps it's because neither party has properly wrecked the economy yet, rather than a lack of would-be messiahs waiting in the wings. Watching the ALP respond to the considerable opportunities offered by a government less competent than anybody predicted has been instructive, but it hardly has the show-stopping power of the American and British “resurgent socialist nightmare” narratives.
In political commentary, we can be tempted to peg personalities and figures to each other throughout political history as if they're the lynchpins that make history coherent. This is especially tempting for leaders emulating and mirroring each other, the easy analysis of rhythm and coincidence that says Clinton was this, Blair was that, Rudd was this, Obama was that. We're happy to assert that left-wing parties historically had to respond to economics, as if we were still living in Francis Fukuyama's End of History fait-accompli fairy tale. But if all we take away from what's happening today in Greece, in Spain, from the stadium-filling crowds following Sanders and the supposedly centrist UK Labour party dematerialising before our eyes, is still that “there is no alternative”, then we will continue to be surprised when the alternatives arrive.
Mobile World Congress 2014: Winners And Losers
Check out the most (and least) impressive gadgets and developments from the year's biggest mobile confab.
Mobile World Congress: 5 Hot Gadgets (Click image for larger view and slideshow.)
The Mobile World Congress, the wireless industry's most important yearly event, drew a record 85,000 attendees -- a 20% jump from the previous year. The week was filled with smartphones, tablets, wearables, apps, and technology demos galore.
"Noisy" would be a good word to describe the event, and not solely due to the deafening din of the show floor. The flood of products was plentiful. Some companies revealed their best work, while others should be rethinking their strategy. Here are the best (and worst) things we saw during the week in Barcelona.
The leaderboard for new smartphones is shared by LG, Samsung, and Sony. All three companies showed off compelling devices that will surely appeal to broad audiences. Of all the phablets revealed during the MWC, LG's G Pro 2 is the highest-quality and most attractive device by far. It's a significant improvement over the original, and it takes the materials and software enhancements to the next level.
[Make sure you're standing out for the right reasons at big events like the MWC. See The Curse Of One-Star Apps.]
Samsung, too, topped itself with the Galaxy S5. Its new flagship represents the pinnacle of modern smartphones with its generous screen, capable camera, and water-resistant exterior. Toss in extras like a fingerprint scanner and support for 128-GB memory cards, and you have a potential hit.
Sony's Xperia Z2 also strikes a high note. The device is a stunning beauty with its glass and aluminum surfaces. Sony made dramatic improvements to the screen and added the ability to record 4K video. It is also waterproof, dustproof, and loaded with Sony's bountiful content.
Losers in the smartphone space include Huawei and ZTE. Huawei showed off the Ascend G6, pitching it as a premiere smartphone. With its cheap materials and questionable build quality, the device just doesn't live up to that billing in real life. The same is true of ZTE's Grand Memo II LTE. The six-inch screen was magnificent, but the build quality was among the worst I've seen at a tradeshow. Motorola was a no-show (for obvious reasons). And Nokia made its outlook even more complex by jumping into the Android space.
Samsung Gear Fit.
(Source: Samsung)
Moving on to wearables, the MWC presented an interesting mix of smartwatches and fitness bands. Samsung showed off three devices, while Sony, Huawei, and others jumped into the fray. Of the new hardware, Samsung's Gear Fit is the winner. With its small, curved AMOLED display and comfortable footprint, it is far more appealing than the bigger, bulkier Gear 2. The Fit marries the simplicity of a fitness band with the functionality of a smartwatch. Not only was it the most attractive wearable of the week, but it also provided the most compelling mix of form and function.
Only one tablet mattered at this year's show, and that was the Sony Xperia Z2. Of all the tablets fielded by scores of hardware makers, the Z2 is the only one that comes close to offering the exquisite hardware experience of Apple's iPad Air. The Z2 uses the best materials, offers the highest build quality, and includes the broadest range of features and content. It is also one of the only waterproof tablets out there. HP revealed a couple of low-end Android tablets that serve only to further muddy its selection of middling hardware.
BlackBerry earns the "Most Bizarre" badge at MWC 2014. The company announced the Q20, a future device that harkens back to 2008 for the keyboard faithful. Though it offers modern specs and the BlackBerry 10.1 operating system, it will be housed in a conservative piece of hardware that could be described as outdated. CEO John S. Chen offered some thoughts on the company's future, but they came across as sounding more like the company is mired in the past.
The 2014 Mobile World Congress has come to a close. Looking ahead, HTC is set to debut its second-generation One device in New York City on March 25. The year is young, and plenty is yet to come.
Engage with Oracle president Mark Hurd, NFL CIO Michelle McKenna-Doyle, General Motors CIO Randy Mott, Box founder Aaron Levie, UPMC CIO Dan Drawbaugh, GE Power CIO Jim Fowler, and other leaders of the Digital Business movement at the InformationWeek Conference and Elite 100 Awards Ceremony, to be held in conjunction with Interop in Las Vegas, March 31 to April 1, 2014. See the full agenda here.
Eric is a freelance writer for InformationWeek specializing in mobile technologies. View Full Bio
We welcome your comments on this topic on our social media channels, or [contact us directly] with questions about the site.
£205billion?! How the cost of Trident replacement doubled
For too long the pro-Trident lobby has been in denial about the real cost of Trident says Kate Hudson
For some years, CND has been using the figure of £100billion for the procurement and lifetime cost of a Trident replacement. From time to time, pro-Trident politicians have told me that's just absurd, as if we have plucked a wild figure out of the air. However, it has become clear over the past few months that even that £100billion figure is a massive underestimate. Recent information released by the government makes it clear that a new nuclear weapons system will actually end up costing at least £205billion.
For the sceptical reader, here's a breakdown of that new figure, taking into account the three elements of the system - submarines, missiles and warheads - together with related costs. Again I stress: these are figures from government sources not something that CND has made up.
The cost of replacing the four submarines now comes in at an estimated £31billion, with a contingency fund of £10billion. That information comes from the government's National Security Strategy and Strategic Defence and Security Review published last November.
The missiles are leased from the United States and Britain will participate in their missile life extension programme making them usable until the 2040s. This is set out in the government's 2006 White Paper on The Future of the United Kingdom's Nuclear Deterrent, listed as costing £250million, which is £350million in today's prices.
The current warhead will last into the 2020s and that same White Paper also provided for up to £3billion for the possible future refurbishment or replacement of the warhead. This is £4billion in today's prices.
Infrastructure at Faslane and Coulport bases over the lives of the submarines was allocated another £3billion (or £4billion in today's prices).
Day to day running costs are the biggest expense. The government confirms this is around 6% of the total defence budget. Conservative MP and Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee Crispin Blunt worked with Reuters to estimate that over the lifetime of the system, this would add up to £142billion.
Conventional military forces assigned to support Trident are also part of the price tag. In 2007, the government said it believed around £30million was spent on this function annually. Over the lifetime of Trident's replacement, this will add up to just over £1billion in total.
Decommissioning costs also have to be factored in. Using the government's estimate for decommissioning its previous nuclear weapons system, Polaris, it seems this will be at least £13 billion in today's prices.
For too long the pro-Trident lobby has been in denial about the real cost to our economy of Trident replacement. These new calculations, drawn from actual government figures, show that the bill has spiralled beyond all expectations. £205 billion of public money is a huge amount. Pouring it into a nuclear weapons system that experts say could be rendered obsolete by new technology is hardly a wise choice. And the opportunity cost is very significant whether it's in terms of industrial, social or defence spending. Far better to spend it on industrial regeneration, building homes and hospitals, tackling climate change or meeting our defence needs in practical and usable ways. The world has moved on since nuclear subs were first designed and procured - politically, economically and technologically and it's time for our politicians to catch up.
Source: Huffington Post
Tags: nuclear-disarmament
The wolf came in the dead of night, burrowed under the fence of the enclosure and wiped out a herd of fallow deer in a bloodbath that left 13 does dead. Bruno, a buck, was the only survivor, maybe because he was able to defend himself with his antlers, and he has been galloping around in a state of shock ever since.
Owner Wolfgang Schulz, 72, discovered the grisly scene on Sunday and said he and his fellow villagers were deeply saddened by the loss, one of the worst by wolves on livestock since the predators returned to Germany 10 years ago.
"You could see the wolf's paw prints in the snow, he was on his own," Schulz, who lives in Gadow, 50 miles north of Berlin in the eastern state of Brandenburg, told SPIEGEL ONLINE. "Everyone in the village liked my deer. People would bring buckets of apples to feed them. Children, pensioners, cyclists would come to admire them."
Now their bloody cadavers lie piled up under a tarpaulin on the one-hectare forest site, waiting to be taken away and incinerated.
Inevitably, fresh questions are being asked about the wisdom of letting wolves roam the countryside. The attack is a reminder of Germany's complex relationship with a beast it had hunted to extinction a century ago, but which retains a mythical aura in this wooded land of nature-lovers because it has featured so prominently in national folklore.
50,000 Fine for Killing Wolf
Schulz suspects that the same wolf has been trying to get at livestock in a 19-kilometer (12-mile) radius in recent months. He has been told that the state of Brandenburg will compensate him for his loss. That is cold comfort because the money won't bring back his deer. But he won't try to take revenge.
"I'm skeptical about wolves," he said. "In the old days people didn't kill them out of malice, it was because of all the damage they did. It wouldn't be a problem to lie in wait and shoot him dead, but I couldn't afford it. It could cost me a 50,000 ($65,000) fine or five years in jail."
Wolves are protected under strict international conservation laws. There are an estimated 50 to 60 of them in Germany, mainly in the Lausitz region bordering Poland and in Brandenburg, the state surrounding Berlin, and their numbers are expected to increase.
They had been extinct in Germany for a century. In communist times, some would occasionally venture into East Germany from Poland, but they were all shot.
German Unification Attracted Wolves
Now they are enjoying almost ideal living conditions in the wilds of eastern Germany, where the human population has decreased by some 10 percent in the economic upheaval that followed unification in 1990. Some wolves have settled on large military exercise sites, oblivious to the gunfire.
Livestock owners regularly complain that rules protecting wolves should be relaxed. But wolf experts insist that if herds are properly shielded with fences, the predators won't pose any problems.
"When things like this happen there's an uproar, but one has to ascertain whether the owners made mistakes," Katharina Weinberg, head of the wolf protection department at the nature conservation group NABU, told SPIEGEL ONLINE.
"I hope public acceptance of wolves won't take a hit. There are clear guidelines on putting up suitable fences and installing protection against digging under them. The wolf will kill livestock if he has the opportunity to, and one must take measures to stop him."
'No Bloodlust'
The high body count in Gadow wasn't the result of murderous frenzy, said Weinberg. "Wolves don't get bloodlust. This won't have been a crazed or malicious attack. They hunt and kill whatever moves, and they know they have succeeded when their prey stops moving. The problem was that the prey couldn't escape and kept on moving."
Weinberg said a 2007 study showed that public acceptance of wolves was good in general in Germany. It will need to be, because the wolf population is expected to expand. Wolf cubs leave the pack after one or two years to seek their own territories and will thrive in areas where they can find enough wildlife to eat and keep at a distance to humans.
"Germany must learn to live with the wolf," said Weinberg. "It will be an uneasy peace because he's a major predator, and I can understand why livestock owners, especially the smaller ones, aren't fans."
'Stay Calm if You See One'
Experts say wolves don't pose a threat to humans, and they don't expect the animals to follow the trend of wild boar and foxes that are increasingly venturing into towns and cities in search of food. Wolves are conditioned to regard humans as a threat, and to steer clear of them. That doesn't rule out that they might roam through village streets at night, however.
"If one sees a wolf, one shouldn't approach it and one should stay calm. The wolf will turn away and run off," Vanessa Ludwig, a member of the Wolfsregion Lausitz office, an authority that monitors wolves in the eastern state of Saxony. The population has grown steadily since 2000, when a wolf pair that had wandered in from Poland gave birth to first cubs born on German soil in 150 years.
Ludwig said the incidence of wolf attacks on livestock in Saxony had declined because farmers were protecting their animals better.
As Schulz mourns is deers, he is determined to keep poor Bruno alive and has moved him into a new enclosure. "Everyone is saying the wolf will return because he knows he didn't finish the job."
Yesterday I thought, enough with work, let's go photographing! But the questions were: what? how? After a bit of sitting around I remembered the tutorial from gwegner.de (by the way, a really good site for tutorials and information) for hyper lapses. This video is in German, but here is also a nice one in English from digitalrev.com.
Basically, with every picture you move with the camera along an imaginary line and take a picture while aiming at the same spot on every picture. As described in the videos, you should use marks are already present, like stones on the ground or just use your step span. In any case this will produce a bit of shaky footage, but this can be corrected in after effect. If you shoot in the night, and they are no clouds or stars visible, like in my video, the interval between the pictures is not important. But if you have something in the screen with a steady movement, like clouds, then use a intervalometer. In this video there is a very good description of that. Anyway, in my case i was just going a step forward, point, shoot, step forward, point, shoot…. 250 times. And done. The camera settings were 3.2 s exposure, f/4.5, ISO 100.
After that you have your footage, but this is really shaky. It is impossible to align the camera and the rest completely! But for this there is Adobe After Effects, if you have money, or Deshaker for Virtual Dub, if you don't have money or just like Open-Source. In any case, the result looks really nice. In post processing I gave to the footage a little bit of a unnatural look, so it looks like rendered, but it is actually taken with a camera in 2 hours and another 2 hours for post processing.
In this video is also stated, that u don't need fancy equipment like tripod, intervalometer and chalk marks on the ground for 1 km. It's worth taking a look.
The Austrian government temporarily suspended the Schengen agreement, imposing full border control measures on everyone entering the country, Austrian Chancellor Werner Faymann told the newspaper Oesterreich in an interview.
"Everyone who is coming to us would be carefully checked at the border," Fayman told Oesterreich.
Chancellor Faymann said that from now on Austria would "similar to Germany" have a more strict border control and deport people who, lacking the proper refugee identification, out of the country.
"At border control points everyone has to show a valid ID to Austrian authorities," Faymann said, adding that if the EU cannot provide the security at its external borders, countries should start controlling their own national borders, according to the Austrian newspaper.
Austria plans to use its army to stop refugees from entering the country. Most refugees are trying to reach Germany and apply for asylum there, but to get to Germany they need to hike across Austria.
The move of the Austrian government essentially means that the Schengen agreement is thrown out the window. The Schengen zone has currently 26 members, including most EU members and four non-EU members.
The idea behind the agreement is that the citizens of Schengen countries can access any country without the need to go through border controls and visitors can travel across the Schengen zone with one common visa that applies throughout the entire Schengen zone.
Earlier this week, other Schengen countries, including Norway, Sweden and Denmark, also temporarily suspended the Schengen agreement and restored border control measures at their national borders.
Europe is currently struggling to cope with a massive refugee crisis, with hundreds of thousands of people fleeing conflict-torn countries in the Middle East and North Africa in search of safety and refuge in the stable and wealthy EU states.
A GOVERNMENT investigation into a series of unexplained fires in fridges, televisions and mobile phones in an Italian village has concluded that the responsibility lies with "aliens testing secret weapons".
In scenes similar to the drama series The X-Files, Canneto di Caronia on Sicily was the centre of world attention three years ago after residents reported everyday household objects - electrical appliances, a pile of wedding presents and furniture - bursting into flames.
Dozens of experts including scientists, electrical engineers and military experts, arrived in the village, in the north of the island, to investigate. One amazed scientist reported seeing an unplugged electrical cable burst into flames.
Arson was ruled out while locals blamed supernatural forces and the Vatican's chief exorcist Father Gabriele Amorth suggested it was Satan's work.
The report, by the Civil Protection Department, was ordered by the Italian government and brought together dozens of experts including a NASA scientist who asked to help with the 1 million investigation.
According to leaked copies, the fires were "caused by high -power electromagnetic emissions which were not man-made and reached a power of between 12 and 15 gigawatts".
The report also details an incident of a possible UFO landing close to Caronia - 60 miles east of Palermo - after "burnt im-prints which have not been explained were found in a field".
Yesterday Francesco Mantegna Venerando, Sicily's Civil Protection chief who co-ordinated the report, said:
"We are not saying little green men from Mars started the fires, but that unnatural forces capable of creating a large amount of electromagnetic energy were responsible. This is just one possibility. We are also looking at another one which involves the testing of top-secret weapons by an unknown power which are also capable of producing an enormous amount of energy."
This contrasts with Father Amorth's explanation. "I've seen things like this before," he said. "Demons occupy a house and appear in electrical goods. Let's not forget Satan and his followers have immense powers."
But the conclusion that aliens had been responsible was backed up by numerous interviews with residents who claimed to have seen UFOs overhead at the time of the fires.
Pietro Imbrodino, owner of Hotel Ze Maria, in Caronia, said he had "always suspected something supernatural". He added:
"I haven't seen any little green men but I know some people have seen UFOs."
Among other suggested explanations is a theory that mag-ma spreading along underground passages from Mount Etna produces flammable gas, which seeps up and ignites.
The best controller just got even better.
This new Xbox Wireless Controller that ships with Xbox One S features some exhilarating refinements to take your game control to the next level. Compared to its predecessor, it comes with a sleek, streamlined design and textured grip for better control and comfort, better wireless range when pairing with Xbox One S, new thumbstick design that reduces wear, and Bluetooth connectivity for use with compatible PC without the wireless dongle.
You'll also feel at home with existing designs acclaimed by the worldwide gamers. Impulse Triggers deliver fingertip vibration feedback, so you feel every jolt and crash in high definition. Its transforming D-pad delivers the ultimate in precision, accuracy, and control. Plus, you can plug in any compatible headset into the standard 3.5mm stereo headset jack.
Newly Added Bluetooth
To enable easier wireless connection to your Windows 10 devices, Bluetooth support is added thus you can use this controller with compatible PCs and tablets.
Enhanced Control
This newly designed Xbox Wireless Controller feature textured grip for enhanced comfort. The new thumbstick design significantly reduces wear to help maintain accuracy and smooth rotation over the life of the controller, so you never miss a beat.
Increased Range
The Xbox Wireless signal performance is improved, giving you a more reliable wireless connection to the console and up to twice the wireless range when used with Xbox One S.
Ultimate Precision and Immersion
Responsive thumbsticks and an enhanced D-pad provide greater precision.
Feel the action with Impulse Triggers. Impulse Triggers deliver fingertip vibration feedback so you can feel every jolt and crash in high definition.
Triggers and bumpers are designed for quick access.
Menu and View buttons quick for easy navigation.
Features a 3.5mm stereo headset jack that lets you plug your favorite gaming headset right into the controller.
More Flair
"The science rebukes this so-called practice and so do we", White House Senior Adviser Valerie Jarrett told reporters on a call Thursday.
The information and resources contained within the report include a review of the research in this area, detailed information on supportive therapeutic approaches, areas of opportunity for future research, existing strategies to end the practice of conversion therapy, and targeted guidance for various audiences.
The recent, highly-publicized death of Leelah Alcorn, a 17-year-old transgender woman who committed suicide after her parents forced her to attend conversion therapy, particularly incited calls for change.
Associate executive director of the APA's government relations office in Washington, D.C, Judith Glassgold said that a few of the potential harm that could occur due to this therapy includes anxiety, depression, poor self-esteem and suicidal thoughts.
The panel found that variations in "sexual orientation and gender identity are normal, and that conversion therapies or other efforts to change sexual orientation or gender identity are not effective, are harmful and are not appropriate therapeutic practices".
Compiled by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), a part of the Federal Health and Human Services department, today's report entitled "Ending Conversion Therapy: Supporting and Affirming LGBTQ Youth" aims to provide practical tools to help families and allies support LGBTQ youth, as well as dispel the belief that ex-gay therapy works.
Experts are uncertain as to how many children have been subjected to conversion therapy.
Instead, they added, what many gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgendered and questioning (LGBTQ) youth require is acceptance and support - especially from parents. "The problem is that we need help from a system we have only known to hurt us". According to the report, there is a "still-pervasive interpersonal, institutional, and societal bias and discrimination against sexual and gender minorities" that must be addressed.
It has been condemned by major health and psychological organizations, including the American Medical Association, the American Psychiatric Association, and the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Better information, training, and education for behavioral health providers and decreasing stigma and negative attitudes toward LGBT identities also help eliminate harmful practices, it says. "From representing LGBTQ youth institutionalized for their identity to advocating for laws protecting them from physical and psychological abuse, NCLR has been leading the fight to end these risky and discredited practices for decades".
CHICAGO -- Chicago Blackhawks rookie forward Artemi Panarin is expected to miss the first few preseason games because of an upper-body injury.
Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville said Monday the injury wasn't serious, but he didn't disclose how it occurred. Panarin was a full participant in the team's practices and scrimmages during the first three days of training camp Friday through Sunday at Notre Dame. Panarin did not play in the team's scrimmage Monday at the United Center.
Panarin recently said he suffered an undisclosed injury during the offseason and wasn't completely 100 percent while playing at Notre Dame. Despite that, Panarin was among the team's top performers over the weekend.
“He was fine when he started [camp],” Quenneville said Monday. “[His previous injury] might have flared up.”
The Blackhawks signed Panarin to a two-year deal in May. He played in the KHL last season and was among the league's top offensive players.
The Blackhawks being their preseason schedule Tuesday at home against the Detroit Red Wings. They play Wednesday at Detroit.
Kruger's arrival: Blackhawks forward Marcus Kruger could be in Chicago by Wednesday, according to Quenneville. Kruger, who is from Sweden, was delayed in his arrival because he has been awaiting a visa.
Rozsival skating: Blackhawks defenseman Michal Rozsival has begun skating lightly, Quenneville said.
Rozsival fractured his left ankle in the second round of the playoffs last season and underwent surgery. He signed a one-year deal with the Blackhawks on Saturday.
“We'll probably get him to get some real heavy skates, and then we'll get a better indication [by] getting him into the group,” Quenneville said.
Camp cuts: Quenneville said he'll likely make his first significant cuts to the roster before his team's back-to-back games Friday and Saturday.
Positive reviews: Forwards Chris DeSousa, Vince Hinostroza and Tanner Kero received favorable reviews from Quenneville following Monday's scrimmage at the United Center. DeSousa and Hinostroza scored goals.
On the witness stand in U.S. District Court on Tuesday, I tried to emphasize my ethical faults when I was a politician, playing a game of cat and mouse with a lawyer trying to trick me into saying I wasn't such a bad guy.
I had entered into the fantasy world created by the U.S. Supreme Court's campaign finance laws. In that world, political corruption is almost impossible and the public has almost no legitimate concern about the integrity of government. It's an upside-down version of reality.
My role in the case, as I wrote here a month ago, came from my service on the Anchorage Assembly in the 1990s. Although then known as annoyingly squeaky clean, I implicated myself as being influenced in my decisions by campaign contributions. During closing arguments Tuesday, Judge Timothy Burgess said I was the only witness who had done so — and thus the only evidence on the record that campaign money actually affects political decisions.
Attorney Kevin Clarkson went after me fiercely in cross-examination. He's the attorney for several Republican activists hoping to strike down limits on campaign contributions in Alaska. He leaned forward, shot questions rapid-fire, interrupted my answers, and, when I made self-incriminating comments, looked away in frustration and disbelief.
It's true. When I was on the Anchorage Assembly, I did feel the pressure of the sordid system in which we place our elected officials. I'm ashamed I wasn't stronger. But I think only a saint would be completely unaffected. It's the system that's broken, not the people. That's why I quit.
But Clarkson disagreed. Forced to deal with my honest statements that I couldn't avoid being influenced, he suggested the problem was just me. Perhaps, unlike other politicians, who are all honorable, I alone didn't know how to say 'no.'
I suppose that's theoretically possible. But it takes a powerful imagination to enter into the Supreme Court's alternate reality, a place where campaign finance laws are close to unnecessary.
In that world, wealthy donors are inspired by memories of their junior high civics classes to give money to politicians they know can't be bought. The sleazy bar owners, real estate developers and union bosses who invest so heavily in elections are the real patriots. Reformers trying to limit donations just hate freedom.
How did we get here?
President Theodore Roosevelt championed the first campaign finance laws more than a century ago, seeing that without them, government would become a tool of large corporations. Sixty years later, the Watergate scandal led to laws making campaign finance rules much stricter.
But in 1976, the Supreme Court struck down some of those laws with a ruling that equated campaign contributions to free speech, which meant that limiting donations could violate the First Amendment. The only proper restrictions would be the minimum needed to prevent corruption.
The current court got rid of many more limits by redefining corruption. Most attention has been paid to the Citizens United ruling overturning the ban on corporate contributions that Roosevelt championed. But the court did as much damage by saying most corruption isn't corruption.
The court ruled that the only valid reason to limit contributions is to stop quid pro quo corruption — money being given directly in exchange for a specific action — or the perception of that kind of exchange. Winning access by giving money or buying a politician outright is OK. Since that's how the system works in real life, corruption no longer exists.
Here's an example. A friend who works as a political consultant nationally was meeting with a Missouri legislator recently when a visitor asked to come into the office. The legislator checked a list of contributors — only those who had paid could see him.
According to the Supreme Court, that isn't corrupt. It's the equivalent of free speech.
In closing arguments Tuesday, Clarkson and Judge Burgess talked back and forth, trying to figure out what quid pro quo corruption is. Clarkson said a donor could give a check to a senator in the Capitol while asking for a vote and that wouldn't count. Burgess said Clarkson had defined corruption out of existence.
By the Supreme Court's reasoning, a politician and donor would need to contract for a vote for a contribution to be corrupt. Even if money has perverted our system to the point of widespread public disgust, it is protected by the Constitution.
Of course, the Constitution says nothing of the kind. Equating money and speech is illogical and nothing the founders ever considered. But then, the founders also didn't intend for the Supreme Court to be the political body it has become. Today it is a panel of nine lifetime monarchs who, once chosen, can make almost any law they like.
In 1885, Woodrow Wilson (who would become president in 1912) wrote that the Constitution's checks and balances were flawed. Since the Supreme Court alone interpreted the Constitution, it could interpret the Constitution to give itself ever more power. Wilson said that process would expand the federal government's reach too, which has happened.
Conservatives complain about federal intrusion in our lives. Liberals complain about corporate control of government. Both problems destroy democracy, and, in both, Supreme Court decisions are the root cause.
But instead of getting together to change the system, we fight our elections to decide which party will get to choose the lawgivers of the Supreme Court. We're at it again right now.
Judges live in the real world. They know how politics works. Alaska's judicial selection process is unusually clean, but in most of the country and for most of the federal bench, you don't get to be a judge without making campaign contributions.
Democracy was policing itself, slowly and imperfectly, until the courts intervened. I put myself forward as a bad guy to help defend the laws Alaskans passed.
But this battle won't be won in the courts. Our broken political system can only be fixed by amending the U.S. Constitution.
Charles Wohlforth's column appears three times weekly.
Jeremy Corbyn is braced for a further rebellion by his MPs after it emerged they are set to be told to back the triggering Article 50.
The Shadow Cabinet will meet tomorrow morning to agree Labour's whipping arrangements for Wednesday's night crunch vote on the Government's EU (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill.
But in a clear hint that the party's MPs will be ordered to support kick-starting the two-year Brexit process - as they were last week - Labour chief whip Nick Brown tonight told them he was in favour of "consistency".
Mr Brown spoke out at a heated meeting of the parliamentary Labour, which also saw Diane Abbott come in for severe criticism from several MPs for missing last week's vote after going home sick.
One MP said the Shadow Home Secretary's position was "untenable" as it was confirmed she had not got the whips' permission to miss the vote, which saw 47 Labour MPs defy Mr Corbyn by opposing the bill.
Asked about the whipping arrangements for Wednesday's vote, Mr Brown said: "No decision has yet been made on our position, but I'm an advocate of consistency."
In what was seen as a clear reference to Ms Abbott - a close ally of Mr Corbyn - the chief whip also insisted that there would be no "favouritism" for Shadow Cabinet members who fail to follow the whip.
Among the MPs who criticised Ms Abbott's absence from last week's vote were Chris Bryant, Jess Phillips, Clive Betts, Emma Reynolds and Clive Efford.
One MP who was present at the meeting told PoliticsHome: "Nick confirmed that Diane had not asked their permission to go home and missed the vote. He also made clear that if you are too ill to go through the voting lobbies, you can sit in your office and be nodded through, meaning your vote is still recorded.
"He made it clear that the rules have to applied to everyone and that there can be no favouritism. The impression we got was that Nick was saying Diane would have to go."
It was claimed tonight that Ms Abbott, along with Shadow Cabinet colleague Barry Gardiner, were pushing for Labour to abstain in Wednesday's vote.
But one backbencher said: "We would look utterly ridiculous if we did that, and there would be a massive rebellion by those from constituencies which voted heavily to leave the EU and who support triggering Article 50. Nick Brown was warned it would be seen as a flip-flop and would result in Ukip winning lots of Labour seats."
BY-ELECTIONS
Meanwhile, the meeting also heard that the by-election contests in Stoke and Copeland are "incredibly tight", but that the party is growing increasingly confident of holding both seats.
A spokesman said: "In Copeland, we're winning the battle on the NHS, and in Stoke there is a feeling that we're beginning to gain traction. There's a recognition that we've got a fight on our hands. Ukip's leader is standing in Stoke and he is a high profile figure, We're campaigning hard and we do sense it's coming back to us."
Story highlights Purdue president: "Violent crime... shocks our conscience and incites our rage"
Shooting happens inside an electrical engineering building at the Indiana school
Suspect surrenders to a police officer outside right after the incident, chief says
Both the victim and suspect are students; police calls the shooting "intentional
A gunman shot and killed another man Tuesday inside Purdue University's electrical engineering building, spurring worried students to scramble into the bitter cold outside for safety.
The Indiana school's police chief said that the suspect appeared to have had just one target in mind. He left the building right after the shooting, and a city police officer arrested him.
"This appears to be an isolated and intentional act," Purdue Police Chief John Cox said. "...The victim appeared to have been targeted by the suspect, and it was no more and no less than that."
Cox identified the victim as Andrew Boldt, a 21-year-old senior from West Bend, Wisconsin, who also worked at the school as a teaching assistant.
The suspect is Cody Cousins, a 23-year-old student in Purdue's college of engineering who now is "booked on a preliminary charge of murder," according to the police chief.
JUST WATCHED 1 fatality, 1 arrest in Purdue shooting Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 1 fatality, 1 arrest in Purdue shooting 02:41
Photos: Purdue University shooting Photos: Purdue University shooting Purdue University shooting – Police lock down the area after shots were fired on Tuesday, January 21, on the campus of Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana. The shooting was reported at an electrical engineering building, Purdue says Hide Caption 1 of 5 Photos: Purdue University shooting Purdue University shooting – A police officer responds outside the electrical engineering building after shots were fired. The school warned students about a reported shooting around 12:20 p.m. ET, a student says. Hide Caption 2 of 5 Photos: Purdue University shooting Purdue University shooting – Police evacuate students from the electrical engineering building. A suspect is in custody, a Purdue spokeswoman says. Hide Caption 3 of 5 Photos: Purdue University shooting Purdue University shooting – A police officer walks out of the electrical engineering building on the Purdue University campus. Hide Caption 4 of 5 Photos: Purdue University shooting Purdue University shooting – Police from West Lafayette and Purdue University gather after shots were fired. Hide Caption 5 of 5
JUST WATCHED One person killed at Purdue University Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH One person killed at Purdue University 01:00
By 6 p.m. West Lafayette police had executed a search warrant on Cousins' home, with city police Chief Jason Dombkowski saying his officers had "previous contact with the suspect (for what) I believe (was) an alcohol offense."
Authorities have not explained why Boldt might have been killed, nor have they detailed his relationship with the suspect, including whether he was a teaching assistant in one of Cousins' classes. Nor have they described the type of gun used in the crime.
CNN first learned about the incident on Twitter.
The noontime shooting rattled many people's nerves in and around the West Lafayette campus of Purdue, where about 30,000 undergraduates attend.
"You hear about school shootings all the time, but you never expect it to happen where you live," said CNN iReporter Jeff Ooms , who works a few blocks away from what's known as the EE Building and went to the scene. "Everyone was just confused and shocked."
Cox said some on the scene claimed to hear "four to five shots fired." One of those inside the building was Ben Snyder, a Purdue senior from Fort Wayne. According to video posted to IndyStar.com , he and others inside the engineering building believed they heard two gunshots and immediately knew something was up.
"We heard it immediately and everyone was like, 'OK, let's go."
He recalled "officers coming in fast," including four on the building's second floor armed with what looked like assault rifles, and saw several people "getting handcuffed" and one man "with blood on his hands."
In another video interview on the same website, sophomore Kirk Choquette said he first heard cries of "get down, get down, get down" after leaving a bathroom and didn't know what to make of it.
After he returned to a large lecture hall, Choquette said, "a cop came in and said, 'Get out, get out, everyone gets out of the building.'"
David Hook had a similar experience. He didn't hear gunshots but heard shouting outside his lecture hall, which was in a building connected to the one where the bloodshed occurred.
"Originally, I just thought it was just people being loud," the 20-year-old Hook told CNN. "When I heard (shouting) the second time, I thought something was probably going on."
Eventually, "someone came in and yelled to evacuate the building and then an alarm went off," he added.
"I walked out," Hook said of the chilling scene outside -- and not just because the wind chill dipped below zero Tuesday outside -- "and there were police cars everywhere."
Cox commended the quick response by officers, as well as West Lafayette police and school authorities, saying "everyone did exactly what they should have done."
The police chief added: "You train and plan, and train and plan for one of these incidents and hope it never happens. But unfortunately, it did."
The school sent text messages about the shooting to students, asking them to take shelter where they were. That request was lifted by 1:30 p.m., though the electrical engineering building still was closed so police could investigate, school spokeswoman Liz Evans said.
Evans said then that "the rest of campus is open" and classes were under way.
But a few hours later, Purdue Provost Tim Sands announced classes for the rest of Tuesday and all of Wednesday were canceled. A Tuesday night candlelight vigil took place on the heels of a shooting that unnerved many in what Cox called "one of the safest communities in the Big Ten."
"Violent crime, whenever and wherever it occurs, shocks our conscience and incites our rage," said Mitch Daniels, Purdue's president and a former governor of the state. "When it happens in our home, to a family member -- and, as a Boilermaker, Andrew Boldt was family to us -- those emotions are more powerful still."
Sands said one key part of the vigil was to announce details about counseling to those grieving or trying to make sense of the violence. While authorities stressed they don't believe there is any continued threat to students, faculty or staff, the provost said that the Purdue community will need time to heal.
"Of course, it's not over," Sands said. "It's just beginning."
Paris—“In the Merah household, we were brought up with hating Jews, the hatred of everything that was not Muslim.”
These were the chilling words of Abdelghani Merah at the trial of his brother, Abdelkader Merah, who was accused of conspiring with a third brother, Mohamed, to murder three soldiers, three Jewish schoolchildren, and a teacher in Toulouse, France, in 2012.
Abdelghani also revealed, at the time, that “when the medical examiner brought [his] brother's corpse home, people came over. They cried tears of joy. They said that he had brought France to its knees. That he did well. Their only regret was that he had not killed more Jewish children.”
Trending: Israel Doesn't Want Peace With Palestine, John Kerry Says
These appalling remarks, which suggest the environment in which Mohamed Merah was immersed and his family's way of thinking, have sparked a debate about the extent of hatred of Jews in the French Muslim community.
For years, it has been nearly impossible to speak about French Muslim anti-Semitism.
Many refused to take notice for reasons of ideology, discomfort, or lack of courage. Many feared being accused of “playing into the hands of the far right,” and others thought it inconceivable that a French Muslim minority, itself victimized by discrimination and racism, could itself be guilty of racism and even violence. So for too long there was silence.
The Merah trial exposed a reality in France: anti-Semitic roots run deep within some elements of the French Muslim community. It is due to several factors, among them: manipulation of the Palestinian cause, failure of integration into French society, radical preachers and the funding of mosques, and satellite television stations broadcasting a steady stream of anti-Semitic discourse.
Whatever the reasons, the problem is spreading. And because France has waited too long to address the issue, Islamist extremists have cashed in. Adding to this already combustible mix is social media, through which anti-Semites broadcast anti-Zionism and conspiracy theories as a popular weapon against Jews.
A recent illustration of the impact of social media came in reaction to the Tariq Ramadan affair, in which the well-known Muslim scholar has been accused of raping and sexually harassing several women.
Don't miss: Prince Harry's Royal Predecessor Henry VIII Ordered the Execution of Meghan Markle's Ancestor
GettyImages-863463006 More
BENOIT PEYRUCQ/AFP/Getty
In the days after the revelations by Henda Ayari, the first alleged victim to accuse Mr. Ramadan, a huge wave of threats and insults were posted on French Muslim web sites and social networks calling her—among other epithets—a “whore paid by Zionist Jews to smear Tariq Ramadan's good name.”
The phenomenon of French Muslim anti-Semitism was first noted only by a few academics and groups like the American Jewish Committee (AJC) as early as 2000, when anti-Semitism exploded in France in the wake of the second intifada. Anti-Semitic acts ramped up dramatically at the time, going from 81 incidents in 1998 to 744 in 2000.
There have been a number of studies tracing this disturbing trend, notably by Fondapol in partnership with AJC (in 2014 and 2016), showing that deeply-rooted anti-Semitic stereotypes continue to be widespread in certain Muslim communities in France.
While the number of anti-Semitic incidents in 2016, 808, remains similar to the 2000 figure, these are rarely related to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict anymore. The problem now is structural.
Mashable Choice highlights the best of everything we cover, have experienced first-hand and would recommend to others.
With the first Civic in 1972, Honda essentially invented the idea that a small, inexpensive car didn't have to be badly built or dull (go figure, right?). And over the years, the brand toyed with that notion a bit, making sporty versions, efficient hybrid versions and even one with a removable metal roof that could be stowed in the trunk.
In the last decade, as the global economy tanked, Honda all but eliminated the distinction and wackiness that originally attracted people to the brand in order to remain competitive and relevant. For example, the last-gen Civic was about as forgettable as they come. It always worked as a way to get from A to B (and sometimes C on the weekends), but it never inspired a second thought or glance.
With that in mind, imagine my surprise when a Civic Coupe slathered in "Energy Green Pearl" paint pulled up in front of Mashable's Los Angles office for my week-long review. Added together with the chromed-out mustache grille, sharp sidelines and bright LED tail light bar that runs the entire width of the rear, I had trouble believing I was staring at a Civic. Turns out, though, the exterior wasn't the only surprise the Civic had in store for me.
Image: NICK JAYNES/MASHABLE
Honda Sensing
Perhaps the standout surprise in the Civic Coupe is its Honda Sensing suite of safety systems. Well, Honda calls them safety; you and I might consider them semi-autonomous driving systems. That's because with Adaptive Cruise Control (AAC) with Low Speed Follow — a first on a Honda — the Civic can follow a car ahead on the freeway and autonomously brake and accelerate to keep with the flow of traffic from 90 mph down to 0 mph and back.
What's more, my Civic Coupe press demonstrator also featured Honda's Lane Keep Assist (LKAS). So not only could it brake and accelerate itself, it could also realistically keep itself in the lanes. Of course, unlike with Tesla Autopilot, Honda requires you keep your hands on the steering wheel even when it's doing the steering.
Typically, to get such a suite of systems, buyers would have to look up into the luxury market
Along with AAC and LKAS, Honda Sensing includes Forward Collision Warning, Collision Mitigation Braking, Lane Departure Warning and Road Departure Mitigation. I can't tell you it's impossible to crash the Civic Coupe, however, with all those systems on and active, it's harder to do than ever before.
Certainly, adding these to such an accessible car is meaningful not just for Honda, but for the industry as a whole. Typically, to get such a suite of systems, buyers would have to look up into the luxury market and a $50,000 — or more — price tag. With the new Civic, you can get Honda Sensing on a car for as little as $26,125 on the Coupe ($20,440 on Civic Sedan).
Image: NICK JAYNES/MASHABLE
That said, Honda Sensing is not as precise as similar systems from higher-end carmakers. The Adaptive Cruise Control with Low Speed Follow felt easily perturbed by a sudden change in traffic, reacting like an amateur teen driver with lots of hard stabs of the brakes. However, I am willing to look past these arguably niggling complaints because, let's face it, even with some foibles, having the system is better than not. I mean that not only from a safety standpoint but also from a driving enjoyment perspective.
Delightfully, Honda Sensing wasn't the only tech treat in the Civic Coupe. Honda's Display Audio infotainment system is displayed on a 7-inch touchscreen in the center dash. Although it's powered by Android, it can run either Apple CarPlay or Android Auto.
Image: NICK JAYNES/MASHABLE
What's more, Honda's navigation system from Garmin features real-time traffic updates and automatic rerouting. Since my iPhone kicked the bucket during my week with the Civic, I was forced to rely on the Honda nav to get around LA. I can tell you its constantly updated routes saved me from pulling my hair out in traffic a few times.
Sporty Civic?
Since Honda will be turning this new Civic into both sporty Si and Type R variants, it needed to start off with its strongest foot forward. The result is not only the best-handling Civic ever, it's also the new benchmark for handling in the compact car segment.
The Civic Coupe is the new benchmark for handling in the compact car segment.
Now, crisp handling might not mean a lot to most drivers. I get that. However, it's important for a couple reasons.
First off, and most importantly, sharper handling equates to safer driving. That's because the car can react more quickly and capably to a driver's emergency maneuvers. Think swerving to avoid an accident on the freeway, for example.
Secondly, and certainly less significantly, since the Civic has long attracted aftermarket enthusiasts to the brand, those who like to make their Civics sportier and flashier ought to love the new Civic because it's already pretty damn athletic and glitzy to begin with. This should make the task of tuning it easier and more enjoyable.
Unfortunately for me, I am not one of those people. Accordingly, the week I spent behind the wheel of the Energy Green Pearl Civic Coupe was mildly torturous. I am sure you'll agree with me when I say that the color looks great in pictures. On the road, though, it's a different story.
Image: Nick Jaynes/Mashable
Everywhere I looked, people were glaring and grimacing at the color. I reckon, as my friend so astutely pointed out, the color has a $60,000 minimum entry point. A car in this color either needs to say "SRT" (Dodge's performance moniker) or "Lamborghini" on the back in order not to look silly.
Ignoring the wholly optional paint color, I really did enjoy Honda's new turbocharged 1.5-liter four-cylinder engine. Like the handling and the sharp body lines, the powerful and efficient engine — capable of 41 mpg on the highway — should prove a delight for all buyers, even those not concerned with rear wings and ground-effect lights.
Finally fun
I grew up with a father who swore by sporty Hondas. So, Honda's apparent return to its wackier side is heartening to me. Seeing a Civic Coupe that dares to be not just stylish (or showy, depending on the angle) but also a technological pioneer is a breath of fresh air.
Image: NICK JAYNES/MASHABLE
More than that, though, the Civic pulls the compact car market out of its post-recession slump. The new Civic, especially the Civic Coupe, proves that just because you're shopping for a $20,000-something car you don't have to suffer in a gray-on-gray prison cell on wheels.
For that money, you can have a Lamborghini-green coupe with handling to rival a Miata and a tech suite package that could make a BMW blush.
(CNN) -- Broadcaster Kelly Tilghman has apologized. Tiger Woods has accepted it. But the Rev. Al Sharpton says it isn't good enough.
Tiger Woods says he knows Kelly Tilghman meant nothing malicious by her remark last week.
In events resembling the prelude to the fall of radio host Don Imus, Sharpton appears to be marshaling his forces for a fight with the Golf Channel, which suspended Tilghman on Wednesday for a racially insensitive statement made last week.
Tilghman uttered the remark during coverage of Hawaii's Mercedes-Benz Championship on Friday, while she and and co-host Nick Faldo were bantering about how young golfers might challenge ever-dominant Woods.
Faldo said, "To take Tiger on, well yeah, they should just gang up for a while until ..."
"Lynch him in a back alley," Tilghman interrupted with a chuckle.
Tilghman is a far cry from Imus, the morning show host who was canned after calling the Rutgers University women's basketball team "nappy-headed hos." Unlike the disc jockey, who is known for his off color humor and outspoken remarks, she has no history of stoking racial tensions.
But Sharpton says it is the word -- not the person or their history -- that matters. In a Wednesday interview, he compared Tilghman's statement to calling for a woman to be raped or for a Jewish-American to be sent to a gas chamber. Watch why Sharpton thinks apologies are insufficient »
"Lynching is not murder in general. It is not assault in general. It is a specific racial term that this woman should be held accountable for," the reverend said. "What she said is racist. Whether she's a racist -- whether she runs around at night making racist statements -- is immaterial."
Sharpton said he wants Tilghman fired, period. And if the Golf Channel doesn't comply, the network can expect to see Sharpton and his National Action Network supporters picketing its Orlando, Florida, headquarters.
At first, the channel said it had no plans to discipline Tilghman, who issued a statement saying she had apologized to Woods and wanted to further apologize to offended viewers for "some poorly chosen words."
Woods, who through his agent issued a statement saying he was friends with Tilghman and respected her, said, "We know unequivocally that there was no ill intent in her comments."
A spokesman for IMG World said Woods' agent, Mark Steinberg, would not be available for an interview, but it has been widely reported that Steinberg said Tilghman's remark was "a non-issue in our eyes. Case closed."
But as word of Tilghman's remark circulated via the media and video clips made their rounds on the Internet, the Golf Channel reconsidered its stance on Wednesday, suspending Tilghman for two weeks.
"There is simply no place on our network for offensive language like this," the network said in a statement. "While we believe that Kelly's choice of words were inadvertent and that she did not intend them in an offensive manner, the words were hurtful and grossly inappropriate."
Chat rooms and Internet message boards buzzed Thursday with calls for Tilghman's ouster. There were also a fair number of posts calling the remark "stupid" or "insensitive' but adding that Tilghman's intent did not seem racist.
"Though her comments were ridiculously insensitive, they weren't spewed with malicious intent," reads one post on a Black Entertainment Television message board.
"Was it offensive? Yes. However, Tiger does not care, so why should I?" reads another.
Other remarks seemed to back Sharpton's stance. "YOU CANT TAKE IT BACK," reads one. Another says, "Fire her!!! Now!!!!"
Kevin Miller, a newsradio host for KDKA in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, said he believes Sharpton and his ilk are off base.
"What she said is wrong," Miller said of Tilghman's comment, which he called "flippant, adolescent, unfortunate."
However, he added in Tilghman's defense, "you have to look at the intent." The "politically correct vigilantes" calling for her job are inciting divisiveness in the country when they should be building bridges, he said.
"Lynch" is the offensive word du jour, Miller said. Tomorrow, it could be a different word, he said, suggesting that Sharpton should issue a book of words that Americans can and can't say.
"The word keeps changing all the time," Miller said. "Maybe we should just apologize in advance for everything."
But Sharpton insists it doesn't matter how profusely someone apologizes, no more than it matters who forgives Tilghman for her remark.
"It's not about Tiger Woods. It's about the station. It's about using public airwaves to offend people," Sharpton said. "Some things are beyond the pale of discussion."
Tilghman's comment may have been a mistake, Sharpton said, but he feels it was evident of a deep-seated and well-cloaked racism.
"I don't know why that would pop into her mind, but it popped out of her mouth, and she should be held accountable," the reverend said.
Miller, conversely, feels it was an honest mistake, and she should be afforded a second chance, especially considering it was the first instance of her making insensitive remarks.
"I think it's a sad day in America when words can get people run from their jobs," Miller said. "I'm willing to send her a certificate of atonement." E-mail to a friend
All About Al Sharpton
Others, like Duke and the University of Texas at Austin, offer stipends for students to take unpaid public interest internships. Southern Methodist University 's Dedman School of Law even recently began paying profit-making law firms to hire its students.
“For people like me who have good grades but are not in the super-elite, there are not as many options for getting a job in advance,” said Zachary Burd, 35, who just graduated from Southern Methodist University. A Dallas family law firm will receive $3,500 to “test drive” him this August.
“They'll get me for a month or two, for free, to try me out,” he said. “It's safer for them, and it's a good foot in the door for me.”
But the tactic getting the most attention — and the most controversy — is the sudden, deliberate and dubiously effective grade inflation, which had begun even before the legal job market softened.
“If somebody's paying $150,000 for a law school degree, you don't want to call them a loser at the end,” says Stuart Rojstaczer, a former geophysics professor at Duke who now studies grade inflation. “So you artificially call every student a success.”
Unlike undergraduate grading, which has drifted northward over the years because most undergraduate campuses do not strictly regulate the schoolwide distribution of As and Bs, law schools have long employed clean, crisp, bell-shaped grading curves. Many law schools even use computers to mathematically determine cutoffs between a B+ and a B, based on exam points.
The process schools refer to as grade reform takes many forms. Some schools bump up everyone's grades, some just allow for more Than and others all but eliminate the once-gentlemanly C.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Harvard and Stanford, two of the top-ranked law schools, recently eliminated traditional grading altogether. Like Yale and the University of California, Berkeley , they now use a modified pass/fail system, reducing the pressure that law schools are notorious for. This new grading system also makes it harder for employers to distinguish the wheat from the chaff, which means more students can get a shot at a competitive interview.
Students and faculty say they are merely trying to stay competitive with their peer schools, which have more merciful grading curves. Loyola, for example, had a mean first-year grade of 2.667; the norm for other accredited California schools is generally a 3.0 or higher.
Photo
“That put our students at an unfair disadvantage, especially if you factor in the current economic environment,” says Samuel Liu, 26, president of the school's Student Bar Association and the leader of the grading change efforts. He also says many Loyola students are ineligible for coveted clerkships that have strict G.P.A. cutoffs.
“We just wanted to match what other schools that are comparably ranked were already doing,” he said.
Nearby University of California, Los Angeles , made its grading curve more lenient in the fall of 2005, in part to keep up with “nationwide shifts in grading,” said Elizabeth Cheadle, the dean of students at U.C.L.A.'s law school.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The University of Southern California and the University of California Hastings College of the Law responded by increasing their own curves last school year.
What's more, U.S.C.'s law school dean, Robert K. Rasmussen, said he was partly inspired by the school where he previously worked, Vanderbilt University Law School, which had also changed its curve a few years ago.
These moves can create a vicious cycle like that seen in chief executive pay : if every school in the bottom half of the distribution raises its marks to enter the top half of the distribution, or even just to become average, the average creeps up. This puts pressure on schools to keep raising their grades further.
Loyola Law School's dean, Victor J. Gold, said he had already received a plea for advice from a student group at Chapman University School of Law, which will have the toughest grading curve in California after Loyola acts.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One notable school has managed to maintain the integrity of its grades through an idiosyncratic grading rubric. The University of Chicago Law School grades its students on a scale of 155-186, a system so bizarre that employers are unlikely to try to match it against the 4.0 scale or letter grades used almost everywhere else.
It is unclear whether grade inflation is particularly effective at helping students get jobs, especially because many large firms adjust their expectations accordingly.
Many hiring partners say they read Above the Law, a legal blog, that gleefully reports (and mocks) grade changing efforts — from leaked student memos — even when schools themselves don't announce the changes.
Employers say they also press law schools for rankings, or some indication of G.P.A.'s for the top echelon of the class. And if the school will not release that information — many do not — other accolades like honors and law journal participation provide clues to a student's relative rank.
“Every year we do our homework,” says Helen Long, the legal recruiting director at Ropes & Gray, a firm with more than 1,000 lawyers. “And besides, if a school had a remarkable jump in its G.P.A.'s from one year to the next, we receive a big enough group of résumés every year that we'd probably notice.”
Smaller firms, however, may not have the resources to research every school's curve, and may see too few students from any given school to track changes from year to year.
James Wagner, the hiring partner at the 29-lawyer Boston firm Conn Kavanaugh Rosenthal Peisch & Ford, said he hadn't noticed any grade inflation in the last couple of years. But he has noticed something else new from applicants.
“About a third to half of the résumés I've been getting now profess a love of the Red Sox,” he chuckles, wondering if the students had been coached by their schools.
Marc Emery, self-proclaimed Prince of Pot and marijuana activist, was released from jail temporarily yesterday as he awaits his extradition to the United States.
“It was a difficult experience because it is maximum security, so that you don't get outside and you don't get far from your eight by 10 (jail cell) … But I wrote some good material and read a lot,” he said.
Emery is free on a $50,000 bail bond.
He is to be sent to Seattle where he will be sentenced for selling marijuana seeds ordered over the Internet to Americans.
He said the experience toughened him up for an American jail.
“The isolation would get to me know and then, but the thing about prison is it's very well run by guards who are very professional.”
– Article from the Metro.
As I noted yesterday, Sweden is now experiencing deflation, which is bad for a number of reasons — including the fact that household debt is very high, and deflation (or even low inflation) increases the burden of that debt. (This makes it even more ironic that the Riksbank's justification for ignoring Econ 101 and raising rates in a depressed economy was concern about excessive household debt and financial stability.) Lars Svensson, who has been a prophet without honor throughout, offers more.
The thing is, this is a problem throughout Europe. You sometimes hear defenders of the ECB declaring that low overall inflation isn't a problem, because it's mainly caused by very low inflation or deflation in debtor countries that are in the process of adjusting. This is 180 degrees wrong: low inflation is a much bigger problem than the aggregate number suggests, precisely because it's concentrated in debtor nations, and is therefore imposing a bigger burden on debtors than the overall number reveals.
Here's a quick and dirty version. I've taken the sum of public debt as % of GDP and household debt as % of income, both from OECD factbook — I should do a more careful number, but this is probably good enough for a first pass — and compared it with core inflation in the year ending last month, from Eurostat. (Sorry, don't have software for country labels accessible right now.) The picture, for euro area countries, looks like this:
Photo
First of all, almost nobody has inflation running at the ECB's “close to but less than 2%” target; second, on average, countries with large debt burdens are experiencing especially low inflation or even deflation. This is not an accident: during the euro bubble, capital flooded into some countries fueling debt expansion, and these are precisely the countries being forced into internal devaluation via deflation now.
The result is that even though the euro area doesn't have outright deflation (yet), it's very much experiencing Fisherian debt deflation already.
Strasheela
Torsten Anders
Strasheela by Leonid Vladimirsky
Strasheela is a highly expressive constraint-based music composition system. The Strasheela user declaratively states a music theory and the computer generates music which complies with this theory. A theory is formulated as a constraint satisfaction problem (CSP) by a set of rules (constraints) applied to a music representation in which some aspects are expressed by variables (unknowns). Music constraint programming is style-independent and is well-suited for highly complex theories (e.g. a fully-fledged theory of harmony). User-interface is the programming language Oz. The results can be output into various formats including MIDI, Csound, and Lilypond.
News
For the lates changes check the development at GitHub.
14 April 2013: Mozart (and thus Strasheela) does not start on macOS Mountain Lion. Snow Leopard works fine (Lion was not tested). We are investigating how to address this matter. BTW: Mozart 2 will soon be released, but Strasheela would first need to be ported to that completely rewritten platform.
31 May 2012: Strasheela development moved from SourceForge to GitHub (and is now using Git instead of Subversion). Nevertheless, other things stay at SourceForge (e.g., the website, mailing lists, releases).
30 April 2012: Strasheela 0.10.1 released
This is the first release within the last three years. Several important extensions have been added. For example, constraints are available that control the rhythmic accent of notes (their rhythmic weight) depending on a wide range of musical features, including differences in duration, pitch intervals, presence of an anacrusis etc. The metric position of notes can depend on their accent in various ways. Texture constraints control whether a musical section is, say, homophonic, quasi-homophonic, homo-directional etc. Arbitrary regular temperaments including extended just intonation are now supported. Many further features were added, and bug fixes have been made as well (see Changes).
Background Information
Getting Started
Documentation
Community
History
The scarecrow's brain consists only in bran, pins and needles. Nevertheless, he is a brilliant logician and loves to multiply four figure numbers at night. Little is yet known about his interest in music, but Strasheela is reported to sometimes dance and sing with joy.
With an election approaching and at least some Americans upset about irresponsible spending, the president has finally expressed a political interest in cutting something. He says the Pentagon will spend “only” $525 billion next year. That's slightly less than the current $531 billion.
A cut is good, but this will barely dent the deficit. We could save much more if America assumed a military policy designed for defense rather than policing the world.
Presidential candidate Ron Paul gets criticized for advocating that. Paul's opponents, including many of my colleagues, complain about his “isolationist foreign policy.”
But shrinking the military's role isn't the same as isolation. America can have a huge impact in the world without deploying our military. We already do. By all means, let our movies and music alarm mullahs. Let our websites and books disseminate ideas that autocrats consider dangerous. Above all, let's trade with everyone.
It's said that when goods don't cross borders, armies will. There's plenty of evidence to support that. A report funded by European governments says armed conflict in Muslim countries is far lower today than it was two decades ago. A reason? Trade.
Richard Cobden, a 19th-century British liberal statesman, said, “The progress of freedom depends more upon the maintenance of peace, the spread of commerce and the diffusion of education than upon the labors of Cabinets or foreign offices.”
I agree. American music and consumer goods did more to bring down the Berlin Wall than our military did.
Ron Paul doesn't say that we shouldn't defend ourselves. He supported our retaliation in Afghanistan after 9/11. He says if we are attacked, or clearly threatened with attack, America should fight. That's defense. That's different from policing the world.
Today, America spends more on the military than we did when Russia threatened us with missiles. That's irrational. And we can't afford it.
Still, I am uncomfortable writing about defense. I'm surrounded by smart people who say America needs to spend more on the military. Some studied war for years. I haven't. My instinct is to believe the hawks.
Except, I covered markets. I watched government try to improve on them. Doing that, I learned that government doesn't do anything well. Why would that be different for military policy?
It isn't. In 2004, the U.S. military sent $12 billion in shrink-wrapped $100 bills to Iraq. That money disappeared. We don't know what happened to it. The U.S. official in charge said there was so much cash flying around his office that the staff called the packages “footballs” and threw passes to one another.
There is no cure for military inefficiency any more than there's a cure for waste at the post office. The point is that we should rely on government central planning as little as possible.
Today, some people want the military to contain China, chase terrorists, train foreign militaries to chase terrorists, protect sea lanes, keep oil cheap, stop genocide, protect foreign states from aggression, spread goodwill through humanitarian missions, respond to natural disasters, secure the Internet, police the Mexican border and transform failed states into democracies.
Politicians have a hard time saying no to such noble-sounding goals. But the list is endless, which is part of the problem.
Transforming states—nation-building—is the worst form of central planning.
Running for president 11 years ago, George W. Bush called for a “humble” foreign policy and said, “I don't think that our troops ought to be used for nation-building.” Yet four years later, he was nation-building in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Candidate Bush, rather than President Bush, had the right idea. We have tried to build a working democracy in Afghanistan for more than 10 years now. Have we won hearts and minds? No. A recent poll of Afghans found just 43 percent had a favorable impression of the United States, way down from 83 percent in 2005.
Nations are too complex for outsiders to “build.” Nations are organic bottom-up things. Saying no to nation-building is not isolationism.
Ron Paul is in good company when he says an interventionist foreign policy makes enemies and provokes danger to ourselves. It's time we stopped confusing defense with policing the world.
COPYRIGHT 2012 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS, INC.
United Nations seeks to draw world's attention to ‘huge humanitarian cost' of war that has also displaced 3 million people
At least 10,000 people have been killed in the war in Yemen, according to the United Nations, which is urging both sides to come together to end nearly two years of conflict.
The UN's humanitarian affairs office said the figure, which is a low estimate, was reached using data from health facilities that have kept track of the victims of the war, which has largely been ignored by the international community.
The figure does not include those recorded by hospitals and health centres as having died, which is likely to be most of the combatants on both sides of the conflict.
“This once more underscores the need to resolve the situation in Yemen without any further delay,” Farhan Haq, deputy spokesman for the UN general secretary, said in New York. “There's been a huge humanitarian cost.”
Medics in Yemen: as we fight to help the sick and injured, delays can cost lives | Giorgio Trombatore Read more
The war has devastated Yemen, which was already the Arab world's poorest country. UN officials estimate that nearly 19 million people – 80% of the population – are in need of humanitarian aid, and more than 3 million have been displaced.
Saudi Arabia launched the war in Yemen in March 2015 after the Houthis, rebels backed by Iran, took control of the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, and overthrew President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi in a coup. The Saudi-backed president fled to the southern city of Aden and then to Riyadh. The Saudi campaign is backed by the US and the UK.
But the Saudis have not achieved their objectives and the war has dragged on, leading to a humanitarian catastrophe. Large numbers of child soldiers have been recruited, there have been outbreaks of cholera and many attacks on schools, hospitals and civilian areas.
The Saudi-led coalition has been blamed for most of the civilian casualties. The devastation has also drawn attention to the role of western powers who have continued to provide Riyadh with weapons, logistical support and intelligence. The Houthis have also been accused of human rights violations.
Yet the destruction of Yemen has garnered little international attention compared with other regional conflicts such as that in Syria, or the battle against Isis in Iraq.
The war has dragged on despite efforts by a UN mediator to broker a peace deal. While the Saudis are apparently eager to reach a settlement that would end an expensive war that has damaged its image worldwide, Hadi and his Houthi rivals have yet to agree to a deal.
Hadi is demanding that the Houthis give up their arms and control of Sana'a, while the Houthis wish to see a national unity government formed in which they are included.
