Peter Thiel has become notorious in recent months for financing Hulk Hogan's lawsuit against Gawker and being one of the only people in Silicon Valley to support Donald Trump. But when Alexandra Wolfe met him in 2009, he was still best known as the billionaire venture capitalist who founded PayPal and invested in Facebook.
“It's brave that he'll think of something new and follow it up no matter what people think of him,” Wolfe said. “His lack of concern makes him successful.”
Wolfe, a staff reporter at The Wall Street Journal (and former Observer reporter) got to know Thiel while researching her new book Valley of the Gods. The book goes behind the scenes of an annual “anti-university program” financed by Thiel in which 20 students drop out of college to start companies in Silicon Valley. These “Thiel Fellows” (the book focuses on the inaugural 2011 class) network with tech bigwigs and attend lectures about success, all while trying to get their startups off the ground.
“I was surprised by everything I saw,” Wolfe, daughter of author and New Journalism founder Tom Wolfe, said. “They were so optimistic, and they were inventing the future every day.”
Most of the male Thiel fellows exhibit a personality quirk that Silicon Valley employers call “Asperger's chic”—they're socially awkward, and so will theoretically be more productive than recruits who try to get by on charm alone.
“It's a knock against the slick salesmen of the East Coast that a lot of people disdain,” Wolfe said. “You can prove yourself without using the crutch of a smooth personality.”
One East Coast recruit who did end up making the cut was Dartmouth student and Massachusetts native John Burnham, who told the Observer that people in Silicon Valley are “more effusive” than “straightforward” East Coasters.
At the start of the fellowship (and book) Burnham is interested in asteroid mining, but he eventually finds computer science and cryptocurrency more rewarding.
“My interests definitely evolved,” Burnham told the Observer. “The space industry really is rocket science, and I wasn't ready to commit the next 20 years of my life to this one field.”
Eventually he left California and enrolled in Thomas More College of Liberal Arts in New Hampshire (he transferred back to Dartmouth to study math last fall).
“People in Silicon Valley have grand ambitions about changing the world, but there's real value in the college experience if you do it in the right way,” Burnham said
Women in tech, on the other hand, do their best to “lean in” like Sheryl Sandberg. One fellow who exemplifies this is Laura Deming, who started lab research on longevity at age 12 and focuses her work on combating aging and death. (She now runs The Longevity Fund, a life science venture capital firm).
“There's no better place to try these experiments than Silicon Valley, because people don't say no there,” Wolfe said. “They don't think it's hogwash, they think it's cool, which is really exciting.”
Deming did not respond to Observer requests for comment.
While the fellows do their work, Thiel pulls the strings—Wolfe said readers can draw a direct line between his stewardship of the fellows and his recent controversial political positions.
“Everybody thought he was completely crazy (for supporting Trump) but in a way you could put it together with his other bets,” she said. “All of it fits together. He has the ability to surprise everybody.”
In fact, Wolfe thinks readers can learn something from both Thiel and his fellows, because she did.
“I wanted everybody to succeed, because I was so seduced by Silicon Valley,” she said. “But it's not that easy. You can't just go somewhere, imitate the idiosyncrasies of a bunch of really successful people and assume you'll become successful.”
Wolfe also said that the stories in her book prove there are different roads to success.
“Not everyone can drop out of school with these amazing credentials, but you also don't have to get an Ivy League degree,” she said. “Just because you're not a billionaire doesn't mean you're a failure.”
Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher of Observer Media.
This job posting is no longer available on Indeed.
Internship
Do you love Reddit? Then we'll love you! We are looking for an intern to help us put our content on Reddit and be active in the community in an authentic way. You can be creative, you can have as much freedom as you need, we just want your experience as a Redditer.
Position:
Since this is an unpaid position we want to give you as much flexibility as possible. We will give you access to all of our content and you can post and submit to reddit as you see fit.
We are hoping for 5 to 10 hours a week, completely virtual and on your own schedule.
Company:
The Science of People is a human behavior research lab based in Portland, Oregon. We love putting out interesting tips and content about human behavior, relationships and communication. Our goal is to help people understand themselves and other people so they can better connect.
Benefits:
If you already spend time on Reddit, this is a way to get credit for it! Not only will you get great resume experience, but after the internship we are happy to offer you a letter of recommendation. You also get access to all of our courses for free as a team member.
Skills:
We are looking for someone who loves Reddit and loves the science and psychology of people–since most of our content centers around human behavior we want you to be interested in what we talk about.
- Amazingly, talented, Reddit ninja.
- Love of psychology and science.
- Love of reading–you will be submitting articles from our articles so we want you to enjoy reading them!
- English fluency
We would love a psychology student, entrepreneur or big reader of human behavior research. There are no education requirements for this job–students are welcome!
How to Apply:
For more information on how to apply, visit: http://www.scienceofpeople.com/reddit-intern/
Required experience:
Another dog bite occurred Sunday along the American River Parkway, where some cyclists are concerned about owners not watching their animals closely enough.
A bicyclist and the dog owner were chatting near mile 3.5 on the parkway west of Cal Expo about 3:30 p.m. Sunday when the bite occurred, according Sacramento County spokeswoman Kim Nava.
The man was bitten on the face and the leg by the leashed dog. The dog was taken to the Sacramento County Animal Control shelter.
Sacramento County rangers interviewed the dog owner and the investigation into what occurred is ongoing, said Nava. The dog's breed was unconfirmed.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
“Evidently, all the parties were speaking to each other,” said Nava. “Something startled the dog and he bit the parkway visitor. They are still investigating exactly what happened.”
The injured man was treated by Sacramento Fire Department personnel. He later sought further treatment, Nava said.
While the dog in the Sunday incident was on a leash, Sacramento County rangers cite about a half-dozen people every month for not having dogs on leashes in county parks, including the American River Parkway. Often rangers let offenders off with a warning. Rangers issued 107 citations and 492 warnings for leash violations in 2014 and 2015, the last years complete statistics are available.
Nava said rangers try to educate dog owners, citing them only after warnings fail to produce compliance.
Last I reported, the future of Firefox's Windows XP support was uncertain, even given long-standing plans for its removal.
With the filing of bug 1305453 and the commensurate discussion on firefox-dev, things are now much more certain. Firefox will (pending approval) be ending support for Windows XP and Windows Vista in Firefox 53 (scheduled release date: April 18, 2017).
Well, thanks for tuning in. I guess I can wrap up these posts and…
Okay, yes, you're right. It isn't that simple.
First, the actual day that Windows XP and Windows Vista users will cease getting Firefox updates is actually much later than April of 2017. Instead, those users will continue to receive security updates until April of 2018 because the version of Firefox 52 they'll be getting is an Extended Support Release.
What is Firefox Extended Support Release (ESR)? It's a version of Firefox for enterprises and other risk-averse users that receives security (and only security) updates for one year after initial release. This allows these change-weary users to still chose Firefox without having to consider how to support a major version release every six-to-eight weeks.
Windows XP and Vista users will be shunted from the normal roughly-six-weeks-per-version “Release” channel to the “ESR” channel for 52. New installations on Windows XP and Vista at that time will also be for ESR 52. This should ensure that our decreasing Windows XP+Vista userbase will be supported until they've finished diminishing into…
…well, okay that's not simple either. In absolute terms, our Windows XP userbase has actually increased over the past six months or so. Some if not all of this is the end of the well-documented slump we see in user population over the Northern-hemisphere Summer (we're now coming back up to Fall-Winter-Spring numbers). It is also possible that we've seen some ex-Chrome users fleeing Google's drop of support from earlier this year.
Deseasonalized numbers for just WinXP users are hard to come by, so this is fairly speculative. One thing that's for certain is that the diminishing Windows XP userbase trend I had previously observed (and was counting on seeing continue) is no longer in evidence.
So what happens if we reach April of 2018 and we still have millions and millions of Windows XP users still relying on Firefox to provide them with a safe way to navigate the increasingly-hostile environment of the Web?
No idea. I guess this means I'll be continuing to blog about WinXP for a couple years yet.
:chutten
Advertisements
This is what happens when a homeless man walks through Cape Town for 4 hours [Video]
Share
A recent video of a woman walking though New York enduring ten hours of constant harassment has seemed to have inadvertently sparked a meme.
Following that, people dressing up as a drag queen and a Skyrim character have also surfaced. But this edition keeps it a little closer to home.
A new video by marketing and communications consultancy MC Saatchi Abel has been spotted on Reddit, and instead of shedding light of harassment in the Western world, reveals the plight of the homeless in sub-Saharan Africa.
Read more: 10 hours walking around as a drag queen, Skyrim character and white man
Essentially, the protagonist walks through the streets of the Cape Town, South Africa casually greeting people, or asking for small change. More often than not, he was ignored completely or flipped off by the passers-by
The video however is a rather smart marketing device that aims to promote The Night Haven Shelter, with a donation link found in the comments section of the video. It's brilliant marketing, but also highlights the serious homelessness issue in South Africa.
Share. "Earth doesn't have just one hero anymore." "Earth doesn't have just one hero anymore."
The first trailer for Supergirl arrived yesterday, straight from CBS's Upfront event in New York. And while the response was mostly positive, some fans were quick to point out the video's odd romantic comedy trappings, even drawing comparison's to SNL's Black Widow parody from last week. However, Supergirl's second, much shorter trailer (released earlier today) gets straight to the action and shows Kara using her Kryptonian heat vision! Check it out:
Also be sure to watch CBS's other trailer debuts, including videos for Limitless, Code Black and more -- and stay tuned for even more Upfront news as it comes our way.
Exit Theatre Mode
Supergirl will air Mondays on CBS starting this November.
Max Nicholson is a writer for IGN, and he desperately seeks your approval. Show him some love by following @Max_Nicholson on Twitter or MaxNicholson on IGN.
A Portland native will return from a semester in Rome with an unexpected souvenir: a skullcap worn by Pope Francis.
During his weekly Mass on Wednesday, Pope Francis stopped his vehicle as it passed through the large crowd in St. Peter's Square and asked a guard to take a white skullcap, called a zucchetto, from Ethan Mack of Portland and his friend Katherine Rich of Minnetonka, Minn.
Additional Photos Boston College students Katherine Rich and Ethan Mack of Portland hold the pope's skullcap they received in Rome. Katherine Rich/Courtesy photos Pope Francis switches skullcaps in Rome on Wednesday after receiving a new one as a gift from Boston College exchange students Ethan Mack of Portland and Katherine Rich of Minnetonka, Minn. Pope Francis gave his skullcap to the students.
The pope looked at it, apparently checking to make sure it was the right size, then removed his own zucchetto and handed it to the students.
“For the Pope, this was a simple act of kindness coming from a man who exemplifies charity. But for us, it truly made our lives,” Mack wrote in an email Friday.
Mack took a photo of the pope with the two white caps, mid-trade, and posted it on his Facebook page. Boston College, which both students attend, provided the photo and an email message from Mack to the media.
“The pope then gave a nod and smiled right at us,” Mack wrote.
Although the students expected their families and friends to get excited, they didn't expect that their story would make headlines.
“It has been a bit of a shock,” Mack said.
Pope Francis, who assumed the papacy in March and was named Time magazine's Person of the Year this week, has excited followers with his humility, compassion and common touch. As a Jesuit, he has especially inspired members of that Catholic order. But he isn't the first pope to swap caps with the faithful.
The practice of giving skullcaps as a keepsake goes back decades. Some pontiffs have given away their caps when presented with new ones, while others have taken new caps and put them on their heads before giving them back.
Popes John Paul II, Benedict XVI and Francis all have continued the custom, according to a book on the history of the skullcap written by the Rev. Antonio Hernandez.
Mack, 21, is a 2011 Deering High School graduate studying philosophy and political science at Boston College, a Jesuit school. He is finishing a semester at John Cabot University, an American school in Rome.
Mack wrote that he decided to buy the zucchetto for 50 euro – about $68 – when he walked past a store that sells them on his way to St. Peter's Square to pick up free tickets for the papal audience. He split the cost with Rich and they wrote a simple message inside the cap: “Boston College loves our Jesuit pope!”
“Getting close is just a matter of getting to the audience early,” Mack wrote. “If you do, you can get on the perimeter of a barricade and (Pope Francis) will drive right along.”
When the pope passed, Mack held out the zucchetto, he said, and he and Rich shouted, “Papa!”
Pope Francis asked his driver to stop at the last second and a guard passed him the cap. Mack said Pope Francis checked the size, donned the new cap and had the guard pass his old one to the students. He said they plan to give it away.
“Neither of us feel it is right to hold onto it,” Mack said.
Although they haven't decided who will get it, he said, Boston College is “in the running.”
For the students, more important than having the cap – or even the experience – is showing people the real Pope Francis through their story.
“Katie and I just bought a hat and woke up early for an audience,” Mack said. “His charity and generosity is what is truly remarkable.”
Staff Writer Leslie Bridgers contributed to this report.
Share
By Riot Jynx
To celebrate legendary battles and equally epic fanart, we're launching the League of Legends Fanart Face Off contest! We challenge you to create an original piece of art—drawn, painted, digital, or in any other two-dimensional format—that depicts two or more champions in the midst of battle.
The top 10 winners will receive a bundle of skins and RP:
Mad Scientist Singed
Prototype Viktor
Blast Zone Heimerdinger
Time Machine Zilean
10,000 RP
Contest rules:
Your entry must depict two or more champions in the midst of battle: you can show them dueling to their last breath, joining forces to slaughter a sinister foe, or teaming up to take down a monstrous objective
you can show them dueling to their last breath, joining forces to slaughter a sinister foe, or teaming up to take down a monstrous objective Your entry must depict a ward: doesn't matter if it's stealth, vision, or one of the trinkets—just make sure one's present in your artwork
doesn't matter if it's stealth, vision, or one of the trinkets—just make sure one's present in your artwork Your entry must be appropriate for players of all ages: League's rated teen, so nothing too risqué
League's rated teen, so nothing too risqué Your entry can't include any logos, advertisements, product names, or product placements: we don't want Gragas, Esq. writing us any cease and desist letters!
we don't want Gragas, Esq. writing us any cease and desist letters! Your entry must be made by you, submitted by you, and made for this contest: this is about YOU showing YOUR artistic talents specifically for this contest
this is about YOU showing YOUR artistic talents specifically for this contest Your entry must be submitted in the correct format and size: we're only taking submissions formatted in .jpg or .png; the maximum file size is 5MB and suggested minimum dimensions are 600x600px
The contest submission period starts today and ends on September 17 at 11:59 PM PST. On September 26, we'll announce the winners! As all of you know, we prefer to have the community judge these types of contests. However, the tech we're using to run the contest is still in beta, so we'll need to keep voting internal this time around.
If you're looking for more info, check out the official rules. When you're ready to submit your masterpiece, head over here!
The submission period for the Fanart Face Off contest is now closed. Check out the winners here.
Banner art by: Jepoykalboh
A number of groups are now running programs to get girls into computer coding.
There's a technological revolution happening around the world, but it must be more than a boys' club if it's to create worthwhile change, according to computer programmer Linda Liukas.
The Finnish tech expert is on a mission to get more young girls interested in technology and wants them to try their hand at computer coding.
She is in Australia to spread the word, where the topic of coding is gathering momentum at community and political levels, and a yawning gender gap in the tech sector still exists.
So what actually is 'coding'?
At the simplest level, coding is what makes your computer and electronic devices work.
"Computer programming, or coding, is basically a set of instructions for a computer to understand," says Code Club Australia general manager Kelly Tagalan.
"It's what controls apps in websites, it's what controls your wearable devices."
Coding is based on a script, which is that series of letters, numbers and symbols you sometimes see when you get an error on a website.
So who is teaching it?
A growing number of Australian schools are offering classes in coding to prepare kids for the jobs of the future.
The Queensland Government announced coding would soon be compulsory in all schools in the state, while for other areas it's on a school-by-school basis.
In 2014, the Federal Government allocated $3.5 million over four years towards its Coding Across the Curriculum initiative to have more students learn the skills.
And ahead of the last election, Labor promised that, if elected, coding would be taught in every primary and high school in the country.
Computer coding is already part of the primary curriculum in England, Belgium, Estonia and the Netherlands.
According to Ms Liukas, Finland goes even further.
"So what we did back home was implemented coding into the core curriculum of Finland and in a particularly interesting way because we didn't make computing a separate subject, we implemented coding across the curriculum," she said.
"Which means that in biology you learn coding, you learn it in English classes, or arts and crafts and PE, and it means we are getting a much more diverse group of people excited about programming as a tool of self-expression and problem-solving."
In Australia, a number of volunteer and community groups — such as Code Club Australia and Code4Fun — have filled the gap in school curriculums by running their own workshops.
So why the focus on girls?
Because the statistics at a career level still show a wide gender gap.
A report last year from Australia's chief scientist, Alan Finkel, found the number of people qualified in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) areas was increasing.
However, only 16 per cent of the 2.3 million STEM qualified people in Australia were women.
For Ms Liukas, variety is the spice of digital life.
"I started to slowly see that it's very important that we get different kinds of groups of people excited about technology, not only the 20-something boy, but also girls and kids who learn in different ways and all types of demographics," she said.
"If you only let the 20-something-year-old boys decide what kind of problems require solving, we're going to get just more dating applications or more food delivery apps.
"But just by introducing different types of people we see different types of problems that computers and technology can help us solve."
So what's being done to address this?
Again, it's community groups that are really driving this point.
Code Like A Girl is one grassroot initiative that is striving to get more women to pursue careers in coding and the tech sector, and is rolling out workshops and events in Melbourne, Brisbane and Sydney.
In 2010, Ms Liukas co-founded the global network Rails Girls, a not-for-profit organisation that teaches women to create web applications. It started in Helsinki but has since held events in Australia.
"It really got started from my own frustration," Ms Liukas said.
"I wanted to have a like-minded community of young women learning programming with one another.
"It got started as a weekend workshop to sort of show tangibly what programming is for young women."
Ms Liukas also created a series of children's books following the coding adventures of a little girl named Ruby.
Funding for the series began on Kickstarter and blew past its $10,000 goal to reach more than $380,000.
"We all have these magical childhood stories that stick with us, for years to come, and influence the way we see the world, [but] for some reason, we haven't really used storytelling as a part of technology education," Ms Liukas said.
"So what I wish is that little girls and boys growing up have this role model to show that a career in technology is not boring and not something that only belongs to the introverted, mathematical or nerdy boys, but something that any of us can be a part of."
A controversial national loyalty oath took a step closer to becoming law on Wednesday as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu lost a battle to soften the wording of a new citizen's declaration.
Ministers approved a draft of the proposed oath, which would require anyone taking Israeli citizenship to swear allegiance to Israel as a "Jewish and democratic state".
Avigdor Lieberman. Michal Fatal
The government now looks almost certain to pass the ammendment to Israel's citizenship law in a vote on Sunday. The debate will then pass to the Knesset's legislative committee and final to a full parliamentary vote.
Attempts to enforce recognition of Israel as uniquely Jewish have been deeply controversial, particularly among Israel's Arab citizens, who make up a fifth of the country's population.
"Netanyahu has opened the legislative season with racism which he has inspired himself," said Mohammed Barka, an MK for the Hadash party, in response to Wednesday's decision. "The ammendment to the citizenship law is completely racist [...] Israel's lawbooks are becoming a guide for the world's most discriminatory and racist regimes'."
In an effort to calm tensions, Netanyahu in July proposed an alternative, less devisive wording, which defined Israel as "the nation state of the Jewish people which grants full equality to all of its citizens".
But the draft approved Wednesday is almost identical to the version originally put forward by hardline Justice Minister Yaakov Ne'eman and will be seen as a victory for right-wingers in Netanyahu's coalition – not the least firebrand Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman, whose ultra-nationalist Yisrael Beiteinu party made 'loyalty' the center of its campaign.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Sources close to Netanyahu said the prime minister had decided to approve the proposed legislation in light of continuing peace talks, in which he has repeatedly pressed the Palestinians to recognize Israel as a Jewish state.
"What we demand of the Palestinians, we must demand of our own citizens too," a Netanyahu confidante said.
Yisrael Beiteinu praised the move.
"The government is fulfilling an important obligation as part of its coalition agreement with Yisrael Beiteinu," the party said in a statement. "The duty of every Israeli citizen to safeguard the State of Israel as Jewish and democratic [...] is both essential and fundamental."
by
Photo by DonkeyHotey | CC BY 2.0
If Trump is the price we have to pay to defeat Clintonian neoliberalism – so be it. — Mumia Abu-Jamal
Throughout this election I said I didn't believe Trump wanted to win. And judging from the Podesta emails, the DNC helped engineer the Trump ascension to the Republican nomination. Trump was the only guy (along with Ted Cruz) more repulsive to the public than Hillary Clinton. Which keeps reminding me of Mel Brooks' The Producers.
Max Bialystock: How could this happen? I was so careful. I picked the wrong play, the wrong director, the wrong cast. Where did I go right?!!
Trump was the perfect wrong play, wrong director, wrong cast. And he won. Springtime for Hitler is a hit. But something happened during the last month of this election. I suspect Clinton had it won after the first debate. So, how and why did the DNC clutch defeat from the jaws of victory? The answer is more complex than one can fully evaluate and dissect this soon, but one clear element is that much of that corporate wealth that owns America turned, finally, on Clinton. Michel Chossudovsky's article from Nov 1st was pretty prescient.
“The trigger mechanism did not originate from FBI Director James Comey's letter per se. It was the Wall Street Journal, mouthpiece of the US financial establishment, which revealed the fraud and bribery scheme: The wife of the Number Two Man at the FBI Andrew McCabe had received a large sum of money from Hillary Clinton, via the Governor of Virginia. The timing of this decision less than two weeks before the elections was crucial. But it was ultimately the WSJ (and those behind the release of the report on the Clinton-McCabe fraud) who determined the course of events.”
The financial establishment split, and there was a split among the Joint Chiefs and at the Pentagon, too. Many, reportedly, did not agree with Clinton's no fly zone idea. But I suspect this was less about lying and bribery (I mean who cares) and more about a growing fear in all corners of the political authority structure that Hillary was the real loose cannon in this election, not the Donald. Also, historically, when the stock market drops before an election, the party in power usually loses. There was a genuine concern in certain parts of the military corridors of power that Clinton's lack of judgement regarding war was, in fact, pretty dangerous (not as business friendly as it might seem). Then there was the second and third debates. I watched and kept thinking of Reagan. The former pitch man for 20 Mule Team Borax, and a second rate movie actor was comfortable in front of the cameras. Trump was, too. He liked performing. Clinton looked like an insane imperious and aging matron at a country club fund raiser. The one people tried to handle and keep quiet. Her unfocused rictus was disturbing. Her doctor, always near by, did not inspire confidence, either.
This election result was also a reaction to the smug elitism and myopic self interests of the white liberal class. Woman over 45 voted Trump. Ohio, Michigan, Iowa, Pennsylvania and Florida — all Obama states, voted Trump. Non college educated white men voted overwhelmingly for Trump. The white working class, which is mostly NOT working, have been hit as hard by neo liberal economic policies and by trade deals like TPP and TTIP. And by NAFTA, ushered in, remember, by Bill Clinton. The utter indifference of the DNC to the suffering of vast chunks of the U.S., and the indifference of the smug supporters of Hillary who stigmatized and tried to shame third party candidates and those voting for them, came back to haunt them. They couldn't imagine why everyone didn't support their privilege. The logic of lesser evilism became an accusatory intolerance with opinion differing from their own. That they seemed more concerned with Trump's pussy remarks than with Clinton's cackling at her orchestrated assassination of Qadaffi, or her planned coup in Honduras, or the CIA led fascist coup in Ukraine began to be noticed. Many people who voted for Trump did so not because they like Trump, but because they fucking hated the privileged white bourgeoisie that was constantly scolding them and ridiculing them. In a sense this mirrored the Brexit vote. And it is worth noting Bill Clinton's recent remarks about Jeremy Corbyn (“a person off the streets” “maddest person in the room.”).
Debbie Wasserman Schultz has a special place of honor in this DNC meltdown. Sanders, as much of a fraud as he is, still would have beaten Trump. Of that there can be little doubt. But Schultz made sure that didn't happen. The white bourgeois of both genders wanted to keep the status quo. Why wouldn't they? They aren't going to be affected by death in Yemen, or Iraq, or Libya. What do they care? Their own racism and xenophobia is masked. They can point to all those cultural events promoting tolerance, and demand the Supreme Court appointments were crucially important. Except Clinton and Obama made horrid appointments of corporate friendly reactionaries to the court. They ignored the media rigging, the Donna Brazile revelations, in fact the entire content of the Podesta emails were just buried in their consciousness. They told people it didn't matter. The Clinton media machine (Time Warner and CNN ) were constantly making fun of the underclass. Hollywood manufactures a never ending stream of messages that valorize cops and the military. The poor are killers, drug dealers, and pathologized in one way or another. The self congratulatory *tolerance* of Hollywood was a highly selective tolerance. It didn't extend to Muslims or Serbs or Chinese or Russians. The Clinton Foundation is akin to a mafia money laundering operation that the Gambino family would have admired. At some point the optics began to change. Now, had Hillary been a little less repellent a public figure, the Democrats would have won. But her contempt for most humanity was simply impossible to disguise.
The media, now on the morning after, are still screaming about David Duke congratulating Trump, about a crisis. Nothing, NOTHING about maybe, just maybe, people feared a war with Russia, were tired of conflict, and maybe tired, too, of billions handed over to an apartheid state, Israel, while growing numbers of Americans live week to week, and can barely feed their children. Hillary was silent on Standing Rock, as Obama had been silent on so many things (police murder of unarmed black men for example).
On social media I read a never ending stream of liberal abuse aimed at Stein/Baraka supporters, at socialists, at the left in general. The feeling was, among liberals, that *something had shifted*. No, nothing shifted. People have been homeless, addicted, without protection or help from government for thirty years now. Hillary wanted, it was rumored, to privatize social security. The US population is drugged, desperate, and angry. But THAT America is invisible in media. People toil for minimum wage, as guest workers in their own country. Unpaid internships are now the norm. College degrees mean shit. As my friend Paul Haeder recently wrote:
“They walk like zombies, these zithering electronic, Yuppies, post-hippies, old timers, millennials, baby boomers, so many tied to the hope that they, with educations, day-to-day day jobs, will overcome the neoliberal onslaught of total democratic death…As long as there are TGIF's and night with the Happy Baseball-Football-Final Four Hour, then one paycheck away, well, it makes so much sense that the street people, favela, gangs of dirty, those Oliver Twists, the Breaking Bad fodder, well, they deserve the endless wet, moldy, rotting lives…{ } These people in the doorways in downtown Portland are a microcosm of the decay worldwide. It doesn't matter where the capitalism in CAPITAL shows its face, rears its ugly hydra face as it eats the bowels of society. Money for the elite, for those babbles and those empty rooms, those mansions and aircraft carrier-sized yachts, all those destroyers offshore, bombing cultures, indigenous, all those givers and keepers of the real knowledge, splayed, gutted, that's the creation of the homeless, the destitute, the insane and near insane, folded brains because of the elite's pharmacopeia game, the giant experiment…”
Trump is not the answer, of course. He is the symptom. He is the symptom of the virus of neo liberal Capitalism. I never thought Trump would win because I didn't think he wanted to win. And maybe, maybe he didn't. None of that mattered, as it turned out. The liberals will blame racists and NASCAR rednecks, and more, they will blame leftists. And, they will blame Putin and Russia. But as Mike Whitney put it….
“The public probably feels equal contempt for the Loretta Lynch Justice Department which is loaded with Clinton toadies that have done their best to quash any investigation into the illicit pay-to-play machinations at the Clinton Foundation. And, let's not forget the media which has lost whatever shred of credibility it managed to salvage after its myriad of war-promoting lies about WMD, mobile weapons labs, aluminum tubes and Assad's imaginary chemical weapons attacks, attacks that were invented from whole cloth at one of Washington's many neocon think tanks where these fake ideas are typically hatched.”
Colin Powell and mobile bio weapons labs, or yellow cake from Niger, or babies torn from incubators, or the evil Milosevic butcher of balkans….none of it true. NONE of it. And yet, so immersed in their own narcissistic delusions, the affluent supporters of Clinton bought into all of it. And apparently many were finally tired. And many others didn't care. When you have fifty bucks in the bank, how important is it that Trump makes sexist jokes? The public turned more and more as the campaign process went on. Never have the debates looked so staged and fake. Never have they seemed so removed from daily life for most Americans. The capitulation of many left leaning liberals to the lesser evilism stance was born of a disconnect from the lives of the working class. Most of those, many academics, live in a fairly sheltered world. The poor black and latino communities could find little enthusiasm for either candidate. But I sensed a resentment to the smug liberals that come to gentrify neighborhoods, and who ASSUME everyone should think as they do. The hipster white gentrifiers never have had to worry about their families the way millions of Americans do, but these hipster gentrifiers are people who are far more visible in media. The poor are the object of derision and are patronized and ridiculed. For many, Trump's bad taste and vulgarity were their own bad taste.
John Pilger recently wrote….
“To the militarists in Washington, the real problem with Trump is that, in his lucid moments, he seems not to want a war with Russia; he wants to talk with the Russian president, not fight him; he says he wants to talk with the president of China. In the first debate with Hillary Clinton, Trump promised not to be the first to introduce nuclear weapons into a conflict. He said, “I would certainly not do first strike. Once the nuclear alternative happens, it's over.”
Who knows if Trump believes that, but such is the delusional nature of the Clinton machine, and their advisors, that they never considered that a nuke-out with Russia might sort of, you know, scare people. Today I keep reading about how awful, what a nightmare, what a crisis, and all this hand wringing and shock really speaks to hubris. The democratic party loyalists tolerated the rigging of the primaries, tolerated Clinton's lies and crimes and her war mongering. And they expected everyone else to tolerate it as well. Because, you know, Clinton is one of us.
The one thing I am surprised about, and perhaps I shouldn't be, is that the Clinton machine allowed it to happen. But then, in certain corners of the financial elite, trust was eroding in their favored candidate. But the Dems were arrogant, too. And inept. They ran a terrible campaign with one of the worst candidates ever to run for president. So, no, it wasn't sexism or racism, it was anger at the status quo. An inarticulate anger, but still anger. The big mistake of liberals was to think Trump was bringing fascism, without realizing fascism was already here.
| Home | About Me | O'Byrne Genealogy | My Environment | My Humour | Computer Fun | More Humour | My Dublin | Dublin Slang Dictionary | My Ireland | Hillwalking Theory | Fav Sites | My Links | Ego Promotion & Reminder | Photos | Best bits Summary | Contents Thank you for visiting The O'Byrne Files ©-Would you like to Sign The O'Byrne Files Guestbook View The O'Byrne Files Guestbook Last updated: Sunday August 14, 2005
Drone attacks have increased anger against the United States in Pakistan and other countries in the region
Photo by S S MIRZA/AFP/GettyImages
After four years in which more than 300 drone strikes killed some 2,500 people, President Obama and his team thought it was finally time to develop some actual, written-down rules on when the United States could kill someone. And what led them to this conclusion? Could it have been a recognition that perhaps there was something troubling about the widening net of suspects deemed eligible for murder by the U.S. government? Not really. They were just worried somebody else was going to make the decisions. “There was concern that the levers might no longer be in our hands,” an official tells the New York Times.
Not to worry, the policy is still being written, but now that Obama won four more years at the White House it will be “finished at a mare leisurely pace,” points out the Times. Although the administration usually presents itself as of one mind when it comes to drone policy, the truth is that there's lots of internal debate. This is particularly true when considering that while drones were once used solely to target known terrorist leaders with clear plans to attack the United States, now strikes sometimes target groups of unidentified fighters. Partly out of concern that the United States is setting precedent for other countries on the issue, the United Nations is set to open up a unit in Geneva to investigate drone strikes early next year.
A month away from Election Day, it seems likely that California will join the four other states that have legalized marijuana for recreational use. Every poll taken so far this year indicates that most voters favor Proposition 64, a.k.a. the Control, Tax, and Regulate Adult Use of Marijuana Act, with support in three September surveys ranging from 52 percent to 60 percent. If the California initiative passes, it will more than triple the number of Americans who live in jurisdictions that see fit to tolerate cannabis consumption without a doctor's note. Legalization also looks more likely than not in Maine and Nevada, although the numbers there are closers. Massachusetts and Arizona are longer shots.
In addition to the five states considering legalization for general use, four states will decide whether patients should be allowed to use (or, in Montana's case, have easier access to) marijuana for symptom relief. If the Arkansas, Florida, and North Dakota initiatives pass, the number of medical marijuana states will rise from 25 to 28. Polling indicates that support is strongest in Florida, where a similar measure fell two points short of the required 60 percent supermajority two years ago.
Here is a rundown of the nine marijuana initiatives on state ballots next month, including relevant polling data where available:
Arizona (Proposition 205): Legalizes marijuana for recreational use, allows home cultivation and sharing, and authorizes production and distribution by state-licensed businesses, some of which eventually could allow on-site consumption. Full text. Support for the measure in three polls conducted this year—one in April and two in August—averages 44 percent. Opposition averages 47 percent, with 9 percent undecided.
Arkansas (Issue 6 and Issue 7): Both initiatives allow production and distribution of marijuana for medical use. Issue 7 (full text) is more permissive than Issue 6 (full text), recognizing more treatable conditions (56 vs. 17) and allowing patients to grow their own medicine. A June survey by Public Opinion Strategies put support for Issue 6 and Issue 7 at 63 percent and 68 percent, respectively. A September survey by Talk Business & Politics/Hendrix College, by contrast, found that Issue 6 had more support: 49 percent, compared to 36 percent for Issue 7. Opposition was 43 percent and 53 percent, respectively. The last medical marijuana initiative in Arkansas fell a point and a half short in 2012.
California (Proposition 64): Legalizes marijuana for recreational use, allows home cultivation and sharing, authorizes production and distribution by state-licensed businesses, which can make deliveries to consumers and allow on-site consumption if licensed for that purpose. Full text. Support for the measure in eight polls conducted this year, including three from last month, averages 60 percent. Opposition averages 35 percent, with 5 percent undecided.
Florida (Amendment 2): Allows the use of marijuana for the treatment of 10 specified conditions as well as "other debilitating medical conditions of the same kind or class as or comparable to those enumerated." Authorizes production and distribution by state-licensed medical marijuana treatment centers. Full text. As a constitutional amendment, the initiative needs approval from 60 percent of voters to pass. Support for the measure in 10 polls conducted this year, including two last month, averages 69 percent. Opposition averages 24 percent, with 7 percent undecided.
Maine (Question 1): Legalizes marijuana for recreational use, allows home cultivation and sharing, and authorizes production and distribution by state-licensed businesses, which can allow on-site consumption with a special license. Full text. Support for the measure in two polls conducted this year—one on March and one in September—averages 53 percent. Opposition averages 40 percent, with 7 percent undecided.
Massachusetts (Question 4): Legalizes marijuana for recreational use, allows home cultivation and sharing, and authorizes production and distribution by state-licensed businesses, which can allow on-site consumption with local approval. Full text. Support for the measure in seven polls conducted this year, including two last month, averages 50 percent. Opposition averages 42 percent, with 8 percent undecided.
Montana (I-182): Allows production and distribution of marijuana by state-licensed providers for treatment of specified medical conditions and others subsequently added by the legislature. Full text. Although medical use has been legal in Montana since 2004, patients' access to marijuana is severely limited due to a 2011 legislative crackdown. I could not find any polling numbers for I-182, but the 2004 initiative passed with 62 percent of the vote.
Nevada (Question 2): Legalizes marijuana for recreational use, allows home cultivation and sharing, and authorizes production and distribution by state-licensed businesses, which cannot allow on-site consumption without new state legislation and local approval. Full text. Support for the measure in five polls conducted this year, including three last month, averages 51 percent. Opposition averages 40 percent, with 9 percent undecided.
North Dakota (Initiated Statutory Measure 5): Allows the use of marijuana for treatment of specified "debilitating medical conditions" and others added by the legislature. Authorizes production and distribution of medical marijuana by state-registered, nonprofit "compassion centers." Full text. In a 2014 poll of likely voters by the University of North Dakota College of Business and Public Administration, 47 percent said marijuana should be legal for medical use, 41 percent said it shouldn't, and 9 percent were neutral. I did not find any polls that asked specifically about the 2016 initiative.
ActivePython now provides five key Python database modules: mysql-python, psycopg2, cx_Oracle, pyodbc, and pymssql.
With the addition of these modules, ActivePython now supports the world's most popular proprietary and open source databases including MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server. To find out which products these are available on, check out the official webpage.
We've got your enterprise covered:
MySQL has become the world's most popular open source database and is used in more than 10 million installations ranging from large corporations to specialized embedded applications. MySQL runs on more than 20 platforms including Linux, Windows, and OS/X, HP-UX, AIX.
PostgreSQL is an open source database used by the likes of Yahoo, Skype and MySpace and is now widely seen as an alternative to MySQL database.
While the Oracle proprietary database offerings still lead in worldwide in RDBMS software market share, Microsoft's SQL Server product is not far behind especially considering the fact that SQL Server is only available on Windows-based systems while Oracle caters to a variety of platforms.
With the addition of the python ODBC package (pyodbc), ActivePython nows enables your development teams to rapidly build and deploy enterprise-class applications that rely on enterprise-grade databases.
This release improves ActivePython's ablity to connect with wide mix of the world's most popular proprietary and open source databases giving developers more flexibility and more choice in their design decisions, including whether to use an open source or propriety database.
Newly released ActivePython Database Modules now included in PyPM can be viewed here.
ActiveState also employs a number of python language experts and providing our customers unparalleled expertise in our language distributions, technical support, consulting, and training services. At ActiveState, we pride ourselves in providing prompt response and quick resolution of technical issues for our customers. Depending on the level of commercial support you choose, our dynamic languages experts will work to quickly diagnose and solve your problems so that your system and your business can keep running smoothly.
iGaming Business, publishing, research and events company, has signed a deal with GoCoin to accept cryptocurrency including bitcoin, litcoin and dogecoin. The deal will allow iGaming Business to take virtual currency payments from all of its clients making it the first business-to-business publishing and events company to accept these types of payments.
“Cryptocurrency offers the e-commerce and particularly the iGaming market huge opportunities whether this be minimizing fraud or lowering fees, so we are extremely happy to embrace and support this technology,” stated Alex Pratt, Head of iGaming Business. “From today all our clients can pay us in bitcoin and other digital currencies, which is really exciting as it not only provides our current clients with a new way to pay us, it will also help drive our products into new markets.” Pratt continued.
GoCoin is the first digital currency payment platform offering a tailored solution for regulated iGaming operators to benefit from bitcoin and emerging altcoins with international casual and real money games.
“For such an incredible company like iGaming Business to realize that cryptocurrencies are the next best thing, is a testament to their vision and understanding of where this industry is heading,” commented Eric Benz of GoCoin. “Removing friction and lowering fees has been a major quest in gaming for years and now we finally have solutions to these obvious problems,” continued Benz.
iGaming Business clients including advertisers, exhibitors and information buyers will be able to pay in digital currencies including bitcoin and emerging altcoins today.
The point of simulating molecules is to determine how they will interact with other compounds, so researchers can create safe and effective chemical models for things like medicine and batteries. To do this, scientists need to find the molecule's most stable configuration, known as its ground state. In theory, this should be straightforward enough, but to truly understand the molecule's behavior, you have to figure out how each electron in each atom will interact with all the other atom's nuclei, including the unusual quantum effects that take place on such small scales.
So there's a lot going on, and today's computers can quickly become overwhelmed with the magnitude of options and outcomes, leaving chemical modellers to make approximations about how a molecule might behave and then test their theories -- which can be time-consuming -- in the real world. So the IBM team demonstrating that its seven-qubit chip is up to the job by calculating the ground state of BeH2 has significant connotations for the future of chemistry as we know it. As the team outline on the IBM blog, simulating chemical reactions accurately is an important step in discovering new drugs, fertilizers and even new sustainable energy sources. It's big news on a small scale.
India's crackdown on smuggled fireworks, especially the ban on those Made-in-China, is far from over.
Let alone far-flung towns and cities, Delhi itself has been unable to enforce the ban on imported firecrackers that an India Today investigation found have inundated the capital's wholesale markets ahead of Diwali.
CHINESE CRACKERS CRACKLING IN DELHI MARKETS
Despite special teams and police patrols conducting surprise raids, Chinese "Pop Pop" crackers crackling in Sadar Bazaar and Jama Masjid markets, India Today's undercover reporter observed.
Most of these Chinese crackers were found to be packed in their trademark yellow boxes, but with fake "Made in India" stamps. They carried no batch number, manufacturing date or MRP.
CHINA's POP-POPS HIGHLY DANGEROUS
China's friction-sensitive pop-pops are believed to be highly dangerous because of their substandard composition and packaging.
As many as 2,500 crackers are tightly packed in a rectangular box. The tiny fuse-less explosives can mass-detonate and cause serious injuries if the box drops accidentally or is pressured.
"These crackers are made in India. But we cannot keep them here. They can explode any time," admitted a fireworks wholesaler in Sadar.
Also read: Despite boycott call, shopkeepers selling made-in-China goods this Diwali to avoid losses
He said he had, however, stocked them in his secret, makeshift warehouse. "We can show you our stock," he told India Today's reporter.
But the banned firecrackers were there on display at various other shops and outlets.
UNDERAGE BOYS SELLING CRACKERS
Hawkers and even underage boys have been seen selling these firecrackers in Jama Masjid and Sadar markets, the investigative journalist found.
A cardboard case carrying 50 matchbox-sized containers was priced at Rs 500.
"How much is it for 100 boxes?" the reporter, posing as a customer, asked a wholesaler.
Also read: Delhi government forms 11 teams to crackdown on illegally imported crackers
"Rs 47,500," replied the storeowner, suggesting discounts and supplies were no issue.
He even promised that he would organise 2,000 boxes of pop in 30 minutes.
Their forged "Made In India" labelling was aimed at deceiving customers wary of buying Chinese products because of Beijing's support to Islamabad, explained a shopkeeper.
NO ONE WANTS CHINESE GOODS, SAYS SHOPKEEPER
"No one wants Chinese goods. They all ask for "Made in India". You know the reason. No one wants to be seen as anti-national," he said.
Cheaper Chinese fireworks, experts say, contain potassium chlorate, a compound that has been tightly regulated in India since 1992. It's highly sensitive and can go off at the slightest friction.
Indian firecrackers, on the other hand, are filled with safer potassium and sodium nitrate.
Foreign-made fireworks are banned across India. "It is illegal in India to possess and sell fireworks of foreign origin and punishable under the law," according to a press statement issued by the Commerce and Industry Ministry in 2014.
Apple has debuted a new 30-second ad to highlight one of the iPhone 6s's major features while also making fun of a popular online scam. And comedian Bill Hader, who has appeared in previous marketing videos for Apple, certainly helped deliver the message.
DON'T MISS: How to stop Microsoft's relentless Windows 10 upgrade ads from spamming your PC
The ad's main message is that Siri has always-on listening capabilities on the iPhone 6s thanks to the new M9 co-processor. You just have to say Hey Siri out load and then issue your command to the virtual assistant – just make sure the iPhone is placed on a surface with the screen up.
In the ad, Hader, who's feasting on a sandwich that's too big to let him touch the phone, asks Siri to read him his emails. That's where the online scam spoof comes in. An email from “Prince Oseph” promises “millions of currency” to Hader, assuming he's interested. We're not going to spoil the end, but it's pretty obvious that Apple is making fun of the classic Nigerian Prince email scam that promises you large sums of money if you send the prince all of your bank account information.
The full iPhone 6s ad follows below.
Given that Baroness Doreen Lawrence, the mother of murdered teenager Stephen Lawrence, is now being touted as Labour's candidate to fight the London mayoral elections in 2016, it is time to reconsider the complexities of British multiculturalism and how the Black population and Britain relate to each other.
The central problem is that because of real average differences in traits like IQ, Blacks simply don't fit into White societies, like Britain, that prize “equality.” Most people, of course, know this at a gut level, but on the conscious level there is still a lot of brainwashing, denial, and disinformation, backed up by extremely fuzzy thinking.
People in these societies have been taught that “equality” is a sacred and moral value, so they are naturally reluctant to face up to the awkward fact of continuing Black inequality. It simply does not square with their declared values and actual equality of opportunity that other non-White groups like Asians have no trouble taking advantage of.
The only way out of this paradox is for the society to generate the idea of “racism” and create the myth that Blacks are held back by “evil, racist” White people.
The problem with this, however, is that because these societies are dominated by egalitarian values and the idea that anything “bad” from the past should and can be reformed, they constantly undermine any objective basis for actual racial discrimination with the result that ever more abstruse and chimerical forms of it have to be found or conceptualized.
Unlike parts of America, which once had a system of apartheid, with some laws that could be described as “race laws,” the UK has never had any racial element in its laws, so, when Blacks from the Caribbean started to colonize the British Isles from the 1940s onwards, there was no legal basis for explaining Black inequality as the result of “racism.”
Instead two other ideas were invoked, namely the ideas of (1) assimilative lag and (2) unofficial racism said to stem from the attitudes of certain members of the majority population.
The idea of assimilative lag was compatible with the dominant egalitarian ethos because it hypothesized that any immigrant group would simply be unequal until it assimilated. In Britain in the 1950s and 1960s it was still possible to view Blacks in this way, especially as the first generation of Black immigrants were ostensibly keen to fit in and “become British.” Even today, ludicrously British-sounding names such as “Winston” (from British PM Churchill's first name) are common among Afro-Caribbeans in the UK.
However, because it is a false hypothesis and because it has a built-in time-obsolesence, the idea of assimilative lag soon had to be abandoned on both sides. The second generation of Blacks, instead of redoubling their efforts to be accepted by the general population, went in what can be called a more alienated and identitarian direction, typified by the unemployable weed-smoking Rastafarian or the gangster Yardie.
Because of this, British society with its stubbornly egalitarian ethos had to fall back on the idea of “unofficial racism,” that Blacks were being held back — literally forced into crime, poverty, and familial dysfunction — by unofficial racism, despite the much greater opportunities offered to them by British society as opposed to their countries of origin.
Unfortunately, even the basis for believing in unofficial racism had been severely undermined by the Race Relations Acts of 1965 and 1968, which greatly constrained the ways in which individuals who wished to dissociate with Blacks could express their preference, by making it illegal to not serve a person at a restaurant or to refuse housing, employment, or public services “on the grounds of colour, race, ethnic or national origins.”
Rather than reforming a racist system, these laws merely served to shrilly emphasize the non-racial character of pre-existing British society. But they also emphasized the growing mismatch between natural Black inequality and Britain's egalitarian ethos. This paradox presented fertile political ground for any party that chose to exploit it, so that even the National Front with its crude sloganeering (“If they're Black send them back,” etc.), thuggish image, and rambunctious street politics was able to make considerable progress.
To avoid exploitation of the paradox in this way, the British establishment responded with a variety of tactical measures, including media propaganda, demonization, infiltration of nationalist groups, etc., but its deeper strategic response can be divided into two main strands: (1) “prejudice mining” and (2) “bundling” — two terms which I have had to coin because they don't already exist in a political context.
Prejudice Mining
In the same way that data mining extracts new information from pre-existing data, “prejudice mining” enables states to “extract” new forms of prejudice from behaviour that in previous years would not be considered prejudice by anybody. But whereas data mining uses a variety of techniques such “cluster analysis,” “anomaly detection,” and “association rule mining” to get objectively verifiable results, prejudice mining is much more subjective and politically driven.
The typical modus operandi involves “political spotlighting,” namely the selection of a specific area for analysis, based purely on political considerations and amenability to media exploitation, and then measuring any inequality of outcome against an assumption of absolute natural equality.
Where no unfair discrimination exists by a standard of common sense, “prejudice mining” can then postulate such explanations as “institutional racism,” “a hostile environment or culture,” “micro-aggressions,” or “a legacy of racism,” which can then be backdated as much is required. On the basis of this, it can then prescribe various forms of “reverse” prejudice, such as “diversity training” and job quotas.
An obvious analogy exists with the methods of the Witchfinders in the late medieval and early modern periods, with the earlier assumption that the Devil must exist being analogous to the assumption that natural equality must exist and must be uncovered at all costs.
The initiation of this system can be dated to the 1976 Race Relations Act, which established the Commission for Racial Equality and thus the racial grievance industry.
Bundling
The weaknesses of the Race Relations Acts were twofold:
Firstly, they were founded on a pretence of hostile discrimination based on mistaken notions of group equality, when the objective evidence correlated with a wide range of other examples of immigration suggests that Britain was unnaturally welcoming and indulgent to the incomers, and certainly more so than they deserved on their merits.
Secondly, the Race Relations Acts brought the Black-White divide into sharp focus, leading to clear race consciousness on both sides and a tendency towards objectivism about the underlying natural group inequalities.
The Race Relations Acts of 1965, 1968, and 1976 had two unforeseen outcomes. They bolstered Black paranoia and feelings of being persecuted, but also created antipathy among Whites, especially working-class Whites, who instinctively realized that far from Blacks being protected against an unfair system they were simply being singled out for preferential treatment.
The rise of so-called “Far Right” parties in the UK can partially be interpreted as a response to these Race Relations Acts. The history of the National Front seems to fit this trajectory rather neatly, with the party being founded in 1967 and enjoying its greatest popularity in the late 1970s.
To offset the polarizing effects of focusing on Black inequality, the British establishment developed a strategy of obfuscation with the issues surrounding Black inequality increasingly being bundled together with other “equality” issues, involving such things as gender, religion, sexual orientation, and disabilities.
It is telling that the 1976 Act was the last Race Relations Act, or, more accurately, the last piece of racial legislation to openly declare itself as racial in its title. Increasingly race issues were linked to other issues in such a way as to disingenuously broaden the base of support.
In a similar way the Commission for Racial Equality, which was actually serving to remind Working Class Whites of how they were discriminated against, also underwent a crafty name change. In 2004 it was decided to “merge” it into a new single equalities body, the Equality and Human Rights Commission.
The Baroness
The central paradox of British multiculturalism demanded resolution at a higher level of truth, but by these processes of “prejudice mining” and “bundling” the British establishment was able to avoid the inevitable contradictions that arise from endemic racial inequality in a non-discriminatory country with a strong egalitarian culture.
This leads us back to the case of Doreen Lawrence, the Jamaican immigrant mother of Stephen Lawrence, an eighteen-year old man who was stabbed to death in 1993 in what would have been a quickly forgotten incident, had it not suited the precise purposes of the political establishment to turn it into a cause célèbre.
Many people claim to be surprised by the degree to which Doreen Lawrence is feted and fawned on by the UK establishment and its media, but the process, such as it is, actually makes perfect sense.
In 1998 the Turner Prize-winning elephant dung artist Chris Ofili created an “artwork” called “No Woman No Cry,” which is said to be a portrait of Lawrence crying.
In 2003 she was awarded an OBE, and in 2013 she became a life peer, as Baroness Lawrence of Clarendon, taking her peerage name from the place in Jamaica where the Lawrence family chose to bury their son.
While these can be seen as generous gestures aimed at appeasing an alienated community, there has also been a lot of political overspills.
In 1999 the MacPherson Report, the epitome of “prejudice mining,” was published. In this report various run-of-the-mill policing mistakes were picked on to support a super-theory that the entire Metropolitan Police Force was “institutionally racist.”
The broader implication of this was that other police forces, and in fact other large groups or organizations dominated by White people, especially White males, were also institutionally racist and should therefore be subjected to various forms of “re-education” and “affirmative action.”
The rise and rise of Doreen Lawrence, whose main assets are simply her Blackness and victim status, is thus propelled by the undying need to explain Black inequality in stubbornly egalitarian Britain.
The next step seems to be to put her in a position of political power, with the latest rumours being that the Labour Party wants her to be their candidate for the next London mayoral elections.
The Absent Father
Oddly much less is heard of her husband Neville Lawrence. In 1999 Doreen filed for a divorce, possibly feeling “empowered” by the celebrity status brought to her by her son's death.
Also, Neville doesn't quite fit the desired narrative in the same way that Doreen does. As mentioned in a 2012 profile in the Guardian, he is a quarter Jewish and was actually brought up by his Jewish grandmother.
“He was brought up in Jamaica by his paternal grandmother. She was white and Jewish, and he believed she was his mother. ‘My grandmother would come to school and I'd think, why have all the other kids got a black mother and why have I got a white one?' But Jamaica was a tolerant place, he says — nobody asked questions. ‘Till the day she died I called her mum.”
Because of this heritage, in interviews, such as the one in the Guardian, he has a tendency to conflate two separate victim narratives in an unhelpful way, talking about how he was “unfairly” denied jobs in “racist” 1960s Britain, and then switching to the Holocaust.
In the article, when the journalist asks what kept him going in the face of his tragedy, he is quick to mention an old Jewish woman he met at the BBC. It is almost as if the more intellectually dominant and vociferous part of his ancestry is chiming in:
“She was an old Jewish woman and she introduced herself to me and said she had heard about my son's death, and she said she's Esther Burstein and she was in Auschwitz. She said a day or two before the Americans liberated the camp, the Germans started to kill everybody, and she lost all her family in one day, from her mother to her aunt to her little cousins, and the only reason she wasn't dead was because she was underneath a pile of dead people. I said, ‘How did you survive?', and she said, ‘I kept quiet for 15 years, and for that 15 years it was hell', and it was only when she started talking to people that she started to earn release. She said, ‘You've got to talk and let it out. If you don't, you're going to go mad, because it's going to eat you up inside.'”
Such crude linkage to the excesses of Nazism would not necessarily serve the desired political agenda, as few people would be inclined to equate the diffidence of employers or the politically incorrect nature of police canteen banter with the worst excesses of the Third Reich.
Also, any attention on Neville might also remind people that Stephen Lawrence was in fact one eighth Jewish, raising questions about why this particular case, among several other ones in which Blacks were victims, received so much attention. For these reasons, Doreen is a much more suitable figurehead of Black victimhood.
While the prominence given to Doreen Lawrence serves a function for the British establishment, it must be careful not to overplay its hand and start believing its own propaganda. Over-promoting ethnics can often have the opposite effect to the one desired. The Black MP Diane Abbot, who clearly owes her position in the Labour Party to box-ticking affirmative action, is a case in point.
Although Doreen Lawrence is able to speak reasonably well to sympathetic TV hosts on the narrow subject of her own son's death and a few “equality” issues, she has nothing to suggest talents for higher office.
Rather than proving to be a shining example of Black female talent and therefore the “natural equality of the races,” any attempt to elevate Lawrence beyond her talents, would have the opposite effect, reminding people that Black inequality has nothing to do with White racism and that Blacks tend to get ahead by playing the victim card. In this sense, the elevation of Baroness Lawrence to Mayor of London is a thing to be devoutly wished for. And why stop there? Prime Minister Lawrence would be even better.
STOKE CITY are pleased to confirm the signing of Giannelli Imbula from Porto in a Club record transfer.
The 23-year-old defensive midfielder has signed a five-and-a-half-year contract, with the Potters paying Porto a fee of £18.3million.
City Chief Executive Tony Scholes said: "Giannelli is a player we have been trailing for some time and we are delighted to have concluded a deal to sign him.
"At one stage it looked unlikely that we would be able to get the deal over the line but things accelerated quickly earlier today and Giannelli is really excited about the prospect of playing in the Premier League with us."
Manager Mark Hughes added: "Giannelli is a good young player. He has great power, good ability on the ball and a great range of passing and there's no doubt he will add to the quality that we already have at the Club.
"He played against us in pre-season and although I was already aware of him, seeing him at first hand resonated with me."
Imbula launched his career with Guingamp in 2009 and four years later joined Marseille where he got his first taste of Champions League football.
Porto paid Marseille €20m for his services last summer and soon afterwards he lined-up against the Potters in the Colonia Cup in Germany.
Open source hardware hobbyists now have a chipset to play with that's comparable to the powerful processors found in smartphones such as the Nexus One or HTC Incredible.
Texas Instruments has released a new version of its low-power, single-board computer called BeagleBoard-xM. It's based on the same 1-GHz ARM Cortex A8 processor that drives the most sophisticated smartphones today. That gives it far more processing power than the leading open-source microcontroller platform, Arduino, which many hobbyists currently use to create robots, sensors, toys and other DIY devices.
The BeagleBoard-xM has multimedia features similar to the processor seen in the Palm Pre and Motorola Droid, and includes on-board ethernet, five USB 2.0 ports and 512 MB of memory.
"It's a fully loaded, open platform that allows users to run multiple applications and embed them in devices," says Jason Kridner, ARM software architecture manager and BeagleBoard community manager. "We wanted to offer something that's cheap, ups the performance level and has sufficient memory."
The first BeagleBoard debuted in 2008, targeting hardware hobbyists who wanted a powerful chipset to build home-brewed gadgets. But, so far, it has been eclipsed by the simpler open source microcontroller Arduino. Arduino has become a big hit among DIYers powering an eclectic variety of projects including electronic textiles, a fire-breathing dragon and many robots.
BeagleBoard isn't as popular, even though it packs in more technical firepower. Some hobbyists say that could change as open source hardware hackers get more ambitious and move beyond what a simple microcontroller can do.
The 3-inch–square BeagleBoard-xM runs a full Linux operating system with desktop managers and office applications. It also includes a 2-D and 3-D graphics accelerator, a port to add a computer monitor and an S-video port for TV.
BeagleBoard will let hobbyists and open source hardware enthusiasts go where the Arduino won't, says Justin Huynh, a open source hardware hacker.
"A lot of people complain that Arduino is not powerful enough and if you want something that's more technical and intensive it is just not good enough," he says. "So BeagleBoard can be a very interesting alternative."
And at $180, the BeagleBoard-xM is inexpensive enough to be a technical toy for DIYers, says Hyunh.
"What we have seen happen in the Arduino community is now happening with the BeagleBoard," he says.
Here are four cool ideas that use the BeagleBoard:
BeagleBoard Videowall ———————
There are at least two ways to create a large display: Buy a giant TV screen from Best Buy, or MacGyver a solution using multiple PC monitors.
The BeagleBoard Videowall tries the latter. It has six 19-inch LCD monitors networked together over USB to run high definition full-screen video.
"I enjoy the challenge of making the most out of limited resources, and the BeagleBoard is a perfect platform for doing just that," says Måns Rullgård, an embedded software consultant based in England. "It has the power to do really cool things if you get it right, while remaining small both in physical size and power consumption."
Rullgård and his project partners wanted to create "something spectacular" using the BeagleBoard and FFmpeg, open source multimedia libraries and programs.
The resulting Videowall project uses six BeagleBoards, where each board plays a special file containing only the corresponding segment of the video. The files were created ahead of time on a PC. To synchronize the playback across the BeagleBoards, they are interconnected with a USB-based network.
The video wall made its public debut in February in Brussels and it will be shown this week at the LinuxTag conference in Berlin.
Photo: Måns Rullgård
BeagleBrick ———–
"The iPad for Hams," BeagleBrick aims to be a portable, software-defined amateur ("ham") radio station packaged in a nice, easy-to-use interface. The 4-inch x 8-inch "brick" will have an LCD screen, run Linux and include a number of software applications, especially those that offer a visual graph of amateur radio transmissions.
"It's a combination of ham radio and a computer," says industrial designer and ham radio enthusiast, Robert Thomas, who conceived the idea. "It's also a web server so it can do a lot of things the iPad can't do yet. It's really a communications package."
The device could cost about $600, estimates Thomas, who has been working on the idea for a year. He hopes to have the BeagleBrick ready around fall.
"It was designed to be an inexpensive entry point for ham radio enthusiasts, students, educators and other experimenters to study the technology," says Thomas on his website where he offers early details of software for the device.
Photo: Robert Thomas
Home Media Center on the BeagleBoard ————————————
Tired of Boxee? Think Apple TV is an underpowered, overpriced machine? Then try creating your own media center. XBMC, formerly known as the Xbox Media Center, is an open source media player and home entertainment software manager that can run on Windows, Xbox and Apple TV among other platforms.
Now take XBMC and run it on the BeagleBoard and it could birth a new, low-cost low-power media player box that is almost entirely open source.
First, XBMC will have to be optimized for the ARM platform that the BeagleBoard is based on. Over the next few months, with a little help from Google, the project will be underway.
The next step is to get XBMC running on a box with BeagleBoard at its heart. It may not beat Google TV – scheduled to come out this fall – but it will be a big step forward for open source hardware.
Photo: XBMC
BeagleBoard Meets Bug ———————
Bug Labs' open source modules are suitable for building anything from a webcam to your own alarm system. The BugBase, shown in the photo is a a palm-sized computer with storage, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, rechargeable battery, mini LCD and USB port. The platform is the building block for hackers and DIYers who want to create new gadgets in a modular way.
In February, Bug announced that it had moved the BugBase to the Cortex A8-based OMAP3 core from the original ARM11. The result is that BugBase now supports both BeagleBoard apps and Android.
For hackers, it means Android apps can be directly ported onto the Bug hardware. The ultimate goal is to have developers go beyond consumer products and build specialized hardware that can be used in areas such as health care and telematics, says Bug Labs.
Photo: Bug Labs
Top Photo of the original BeagleBoard: koenkooi/Flickr
When Bridget Jones gave birth in September, with the release of Bridget Jones's Baby, the character will happen to be 40 years old. This is not unrealistic. As teens take birth control and mothers prefer to be changing careers than changing diapers, young and middle-aged women are rescheduling motherhood to a later date. And now, for the first time ever recorded in Canada, women aged 40 and older have surpassed teenagers in giving birth.
“I think of it as an evolutionary change,” says Elizabeth Gregory, a professor at the University of Houston who interviewed 100 women who started families after age 35 in the United States, where the trend is similar. “Women can control their fertility in ways they couldn't before.”
According to the most recent Statistics Canada data, in 2012, women over 40 gave birth to 13,395 children, while teenagers produced 12,915. Demographers have been expecting this tipping point for decades. In 1974, the older age group gave birth to just 3,550 children while teenagers produced 38,650—and the numbers have shifted each year since. The transition has just been confirmed in the U.K. and Australia as well, while data show that men are also fathering children later in life: the average age of Canadian fathers at birth of their children was 41 in 2011, compared to 39 in 1995.
So what's the holdup? “I wasn't one of those women off pursuing a big fancy career,” says Erika Schroll, a mother who gave birth at age 40 without assisted reproductive technology, after a first birth at age 30 with her former husband. “I just wanted a partner who I had a better working relationship with.”
Indeed, while teenage pregnancy has fallen due to later marriages and better contraception since the 1960s, older women are delaying pregnancy for the sake of work or better lives. The recently adopted medical term is “mothers of advanced maternal age,” although Schroll says doctors still refer to them as women with “geriatric pregnancies.” “We find it hilarious,” says Schroll. “It makes you feel like [you need] a walker and a cane.”
Perhaps they don't need crutches, but many do need assisted reproductive technology (ART). Quebec, Manitoba and New Brunswick offer tax credits for in vitro fertilization, a type of ART in which a doctor draws sperm and eggs from a man and woman, fertilizes the egg and re-inserts it into a woman's womb to increase the chance of pregnancy. It costs about $10,000 per round. Last year, Ontario began covering the procedure for all women under 43, although not the required drugs, which can cost an additional $5,000.
Along with celebrities including Celine Dion, Tina Fey and Halle Berry, who all gave birth after 40, the highly educated represent a primary clientele for ART. “Academics have a low fertility rate because we spend a lot of time in graduate school,” says Rachel Margolis, a professor of sociology at the University of Western Ontario. “I know quite a lot of people who have tried [ART]. There's not very much taboo on this.”
There is trepidation, however. Mothers over 40 both receive advanced monitoring during pregnancy and are offered inductions of labour at 39 weeks, rather than the 41 weeks offered to younger women. Their children are at increased risk of chromosomal abnormalities causing autism or other developmental disabilities, according to the Society of Gynecologists and Obstetricians in 2011. Pam MacInnis, a midwife in Toronto, hears fears from her older clients. “They'll say, ‘how many blood tests have I had? How many injections? [They'll talk about] the increased watch they're under, the appointments … It might take away from the general experience of pregnancy.”
Another downside, Schroll knows, is that she won't be around as long for her now 17-month-old son, Paul. “One of his parents could die in high school, and that's not a bonus,” she says. Gregory echoes, “It's not predictable whether you'll be there in the long-term for your kids. They'll miss you.” Further, if the next generation delays having kids also, there will be fewer grandparents. As Gregory says, “You might be 80 or 90 [when your grandchildren are born], and you might be dead.”
Yet when maternity comes with maturity, mothers can parent with less financial stress, more stable relationships and more life experience to pass onto their kids. “The media says women don't understand that their fertility wanes, and that they're stupid,” says Gregory. “But actually, they are being responsible and thoughtful.”
“Tick-tock anxiety,” or the social pressure on women to reproduce, is beginning to fade, as society becomes more accepting of women not having children at all. Although some women may feel a biological urge to give birth, Gregory says, “what we're finding is maybe there isn't a biological urge to parent. Some people delay and realize they can have happy lives without children.”
Or with them, later in life. Schroll says she's less anxious parenting Paul than she was while parenting her firstborn, Arabel. “I'm not so invested in the ‘make baby a genius' [programs],” she says. “He likes to chuck toys over the baby gate. At 25, I'd be like, ‘Stop that right now!' Older parents, we see the sweetness.” While her boy has proved more challenging than her girl, she concludes, “it's a more intense baby, but a more relaxed me.”
CORRECTION, May 2, 2017: A previous version of this story identified ART as Artificial Reproductive Therapy. In fact, that acronym stands for Assisted Reproductive Technology.
Marijuana, like anything else that's been stigmatized and driven underground for a long time, has developed a lot of mythology surrounding it. One pot-related issue that has kick-started many arguments is the question of “contact highs” — namely, how smoky a room/car/whatever has to be before nonsmokers can get high simply from sitting there — and, relatedly, whether this can lead to false-positive drug tests. It's a question with real-world ramifications — talented, but troubled, Cleveland Browns wide receiver Josh Gordon, for example, has blamed a positive drug test on secondhand marijuana smoke.
To find out whether this particular strain of the “There's a perfectly logical explanation!” excuse has any scientific weight behind it, a team led by Dr. Evan S. Herrmann of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine ran what they say is “the first study … to examine the influence of room ventilation on secondhand exposure to cannabis smoke, and the first study to examine the effects of secondhand cannabis smoke exposure on behavioral/cognitive performance.” It was published recently in the journal Drug and Alcohol Dependence.
Related Stories New Research on Smoking Pot and Drinking at the Same Time
This was an unusual experiment: The scientists recruited both regular pot smokers and non-pot-smokers and constructed a special Plexiglas compartment designed to be about the size of a small room. After blood tests were administered both to confirm that the non-pot-smokers hadn't smoked pot recently and the pot smokers had remained abstinent overnight (for data-collection purposes), and to measure pre- and post-effects of the smoking session, the key part of the experiment began:
After completing baseline assessments, 6 cannabis smokers and 6 nonsmokers entered a specially constructed smoke exposure chamber (approximately 0900 hours). The chamber measured 10 ft. X 13 ft. (3.05 m X 3.96 m) with a 7 ft. (2.13 m) ceiling, was constructed using a combination of Plexiglas and aluminum support beams, and incorporated an adjustable ventilation/exhaust system. Smokers and nonsmokers sat around a table in alternating seats. All participants wore protective clothing over their normal clothes (disposable booties, jumpsuits) during the exposure session, and were provided with swimming goggles to prevent eye irritation from accumulated smoke. … Each smoker was provided with 10 cannabis cigarettes obtained from the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) Drug Supply Program and a CReSS Pocket smoking topography device (Borgwaldt KC, Richmond, VA, USA). Each cannabis cigarette contained approximately 1 gram of high potency (11.3% THC) cannabis. The door to the chamber was sealed using magnetic strips around the frame of the door at the start of each 60-minute exposure session. Active smokers were instructed to smoke the provided cannabis cigarettes ad libitum through the CReSS device, which measured the number of puffs taken, puff volume, and other parameters of smoking behavior. Participants were instructed to remain seated for the entirety of the session, but were allowed to engage in leisure activities (e.g., talking, reading, using personal electronic devices, etc.). Research staff monitored the exposure session from outside the chamber to ensure nonsmokers did not actively inhale from the cannabis cigarettes and that smokers only consumed cigarettes from their own supply. Pulse oximeters were used to monitor blood oxygen concentration of study participants every 15 minutes to ensure an adequate oxygen supply was maintained in the chamber.
To test how ventilation, or a lack thereof, affected the nonsmokers, the researchers ran two sessions like this, one with the vents open and one with them closed. After their hour in the pot room, the participants had their physiological readings taken, were given tests designed to determine how the pot affected their ability to complete certain tasks, and were asked how they were feeling.
The results:
Exposure to secondhand cannabis smoke in an unventilated chamber the size of a small room produced minor increases in heart rate, mild to moderate subjective drug effects, and minor, but detectable, levels of performance impairment on some behavioral/cognitive assessments … The [THC] concentration in one specimen was sufficient to trigger a positive urine drug screen at a cut-off of >50 [nanograms per milliliter] (i.e., the cut-off recommended for use by the … mandatory guidelines for federal workplace drug testing programs), and multiple positive urine results were observed for four participants using a more stringent cut-off of >20 ng/ml, which is used by some commercial/private workplace drug testing programs, within a day of exposure.
In other words, yes, both “contact highs” and positive drug tests as a result were observed. But the study suggests you'd almost have to intentionally try in order to get snared by a positive drug test without actually smoking or eating pot: Ventilating the pot room, the authors write, “reduced levels of exposure among nonsmokers, evidenced by much lower (in some cases undetectable) levels of cannabinoids in blood and urine and the absence of subjective and behavioral/cognitive effects.”
In fact, the only behavioral effect the researchers noticed among nonsmokers in the ventilated session was an uptick in their responses to a “hungry/have munchies” item. But as the authors point out, there's a perfectly logical explanation: “Lunch hour was approaching.”
Collingwood's on-field woes have been mirrored in the club's financial results
COLLINGWOOD has posted back-to-back financial setbacks totalling $5.36 million, after announcing a $2.73 million loss for the 2017 financial year.
The final result was a loss of $2,732,624, which followed the loss of $2,622,623 in the 2016 financial year.
The club's operating profit was $1.65 million before depreciation in the value of the Glasshouse and redevelopments at the Holden Centre was taken into account.
It has been a turbulent few years for Collingwood, which on Thursday appointed former Swimming Australia CEO Mark Anderson as its new CEO.
Anderson will replace Gary Pert in the role, who stepped down after 10 years in the job.
The Magpies finished 13th this year and 12th in 2016, winning nine games each season. Coach Nathan Buckley was given a two-year contract extension in August after a review of the football department.
Collingwood have invested heavily into expanding the club, recently adding an AFLW, VFLW and Super Netball side.
The club's membership increased slightly to 75,985 this season, up from 74,819 – the highest in the League.
(CNN) -- President Obama met Wednesday with Senate leaders from both parties to discuss a replacement for retiring Justice John Paul Stevens.
The president welcomed Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada; Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky; Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy, D-Vermont; and the Judiciary panel's ranking Republican, Jeff Sessions of Alabama, to the White House meeting. Vice President Joe Biden also attended.
Stevens, who turned 90 on Tuesday, has announced that he will retire shortly after the Supreme Court's term ends in late June. White House officials have said they expect the president to pick his nominee by early May.
In brief comments before the meeting, Obama said he wants a new justice to support individual rights, including women's rights, but he stopped short of insisting that his nominee must support abortion rights.
"I don't have litmus tests around any of these issues," Obama said, adding that he wanted a nominee "who is going to be interpreting our constitution in a way that takes into account individual rights, and that includes women's rights."
Obama noted that a core constitutional value promotes the notion that "individuals are protected in their privacy and in their bodily integrity, and women are not exempt from that."
Obama has been privately reaching out this week to candidates for the pending Supreme Court vacancy, an administration source said Tuesday. It was unclear which names on the White House short list of about 10 people are being given the most scrutiny.
In his brief remarks before Wednesday's meeting, Obama said Stevens leaves "tough shoes to fill."
The president noted that his first Supreme Court nominee, Sonia Sotomayor, won Senate confirmation last summer in plenty of time to join the court for the start of its next session in the fall. Obama said he expects another "smooth, civil and thoughtful nomination process and confirmation process" this time.
"I'm confident that we can come up with a nominee that will gain the confidence of the Senate and the confidence of the country," Obama said.
Sessions said Obama indicated that he would announce his nominee before May 26, the date he nominated Sotomayor last year.
A White House statement said Obama called nine senators on the Judiciary Committee after the meeting, as part of his consultations on the nomination. The calls were to six Democrats and three Republicans, and Obama intended to call more senators in coming days, the statement said.
Initially, government sources said that three names had the early edge: Solicitor General Elena Kagan and federal appeals judges Diane Wood and Merrick Garland.
However, officials now say the president had expanded the list of names he wanted his staff to vet before he makes his decision. Others being considered include Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Montana-based federal appeals judge Sidney Thomas.
A national poll released this week suggests that a majority of Americans expect Obama to appoint a liberal to the Supreme Court, but only one in four wants that to happen.
The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey indicates that 61 percent of the public expect the president to nominate a liberal to replace Stevens on the Supreme Court. Meanwhile, 21 percent said the president will name a moderate, and 16 percent said he would name a conservative.
Many experts say Obama is likely to name a relatively left-leaning justice because he is fairly liberal himself and wants a justice who shares his basic political and judicial philosophy. Stevens, as the senior associate justice, is the leader of the four liberal members of the nine-member court, so his replacement is unlikely to significantly change the ideological balance on the court.
Many progressive groups have urged Obama to name an outspoken, forceful liberal to the court, to help curtail what they see as the conservative dominance on that bench. Other Democrats have urged a more moderate choice who would be more acceptable to a bipartisan group of senators and who would avoid a protracted political fight over the nominee.
On Tuesday, Obama took time to send a birthday letter to the retiring judge.
"Our system of justice and our nation are stronger and fairer because of your sterling contributions. On behalf of the country, I thank you for your distinguished service," Obama wrote.
CNN's Charles Riley, Paul Steinhauser and Bill Mears contributed to this report.
The first Snapshot following the release of Vivaldi 1.7 includes bug fixes, the ability to create Notes with drag and drop and a handful of new features.
After releasing Vivaldi 1.7 stable last week, we're back to bug-fixing and adding new features to the Vivaldi browser. Highlights of today's snapshot are:
As requested by quite a few of you, you can now select the Vivaldi Start Page as your default homepage in your Startup settings.
Sort your browsing history easily within the History Panel.
In the context menu, we added the “Open Link” option to let you simply open a link in the current tab.
Create a new Note by simply dragging and dropping text from anywhere in your computer to your notes in the Vivaldi browser or easily paste your copied texts anywhere in the Notes menu.
Last but not least, we added further options to the new Tab Muting feature, which now allows you to: Let all tabs play sound (like we do today) Only let the active tab play sound Let a background tab keep playing sound, as long as the active does not
Enjoy this new snapshot and let us know how everything is working out for you!
Download (1.8.755.3)
Changelog
A 17th-century American-Indian Henry Kissinger
As you gobble your Thanksgiving turkey, imagine being a Pilgrim in March 1621. Hardly four months after the Mayflower reached Plymouth Rock the previous November, you still struggle for food, shelter, and survival in the state of nature.
Suddenly, an Indian reaches your outpost. Friend or foe? What brought him here? How would you ever communicate with him?
Advertisement
Advertisement
And then he opens his mouth. He speaks English! More amazing, he does so with a British accent and the demeanor of someone who had lived and worked among England's elite.
Who on Earth is this incredible man?
Squanto, a.k.a. Tisquantum, was born about 1580 in present-day Plymouth, Mass. He was a Patuxet Indian, associated with the Wampanoag tribal confederation. After a nondescript youth, Squanto became embroiled in English captain John Smith's efforts to explore and map what we now call Cape Cod. In 1614, Smith assigned Captain Thomas Hunt to stay behind and trade with the Patuxet and Nauset natives.
Advertisement
#ad#But Hunt deceived Smith and double-crossed the Indians. He lured about 20 tribesmen onto his ship, ostensibly to discuss the beaver trade. Instead, as MayflowerHistory.com explains, Hunt kidnapped them to sell them into slavery. As a betrayed Smith later wrote in the indelicate words of his day: Captain Hunt “most dishonestly, and inhumanely, for their kind usage of me and all our men, carried them with him to Malaga, and there for a little private gain sold those silly savages for rials of eight.”
Hunt sold several Indians in Spain. However, local friars sabotaged his scheme. They gained custody of, freed, and Catholicized the remaining Indians, including Squanto.
Advertisement
Back home, what the Spanish Franciscans called Hunt's “devilish plot,” justifiably enflamed the Nauset and Patuxet. French sailors experienced this rage when the Nauset burned their boat, killed most aboard, and enslaved the rest.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Squanto somehow talked his way to London. He met and lived there with John Slaney, treasurer of the Newfoundland Company. Squanto learned English and mixed with top British shippers and merchants. The Newfoundland Company employed Squanto as an interpreter and expert on North American natural resources.
Squanto soon found himself bound for Newfoundland, where he worked for its governor, John Mason. Thomas Dermer, another ship captain, envisioned the now Anglophone and Anglicized Squanto as a translator and envoy between his justifiably furious Indian brethren and his new, outward-looking British employers. Dermer wrote headquarters about Squanto's diplomatic potential, whereupon they both were summoned to London to discuss next steps.
In 1619, Dermer and Squanto crossed the Atlantic yet again. Destination: Plymouth. To Squanto's horror, a suspected smallpox outbreak had annihilated his village. Squanto moved in with the nearby Wampanoag, including its leaders, Massasoit and Squanto's brother Quadequina.
Advertisement
Dermer left to reconcile separately with the Nauset. Unimpressed, they attacked and captured him. Squanto negotiated Dermer's release. Dermer sailed away without Squanto. Indians again ambushed him at Martha's Vineyard. Although injured, he escaped and fled for Jamestown, Va. There, his wounds consumed him.
Squanto met the Pilgrims on March 22, 1621, accompanied by Massasoit and Quadequina. He negotiated peace and commercials ties with the English exiles. Like a 17th-century American-Indian Henry Kissinger, Squanto arranged truces and trade deals between the Plymouth Colony and various regional Indian leaders. This fruitful peace lasted five decades.
Squanto also taught the Pilgrims how to catch eels, plant corn more efficiently, and convert fish into fertilizer.
Squanto got himself in trouble for trying to gain personally by playing the Pilgrims and Indians off each other. Massasoit ordered the Pilgrims to surrender Squanto for execution. A combination of Governor William Bradford's foot dragging, and more urgent priorities, eventually hushed Massasoit's calls for Squanto's scalp. He survived, yet again.
Advertisement
But Squanto's incredible luck soon ran out. While helping Bradford acquire seed corn for the next season, Squanto's nose began to bleed while in Cape Cod's Manamoyick Bay. Squanto called this an Indian death omen. Indeed, he passed away days later in November 1623 . Squanto “bequeathed several of his things to his English friends, as remembrances,” wrote Bradford: “His death was a great loss.”
Squanto's colorful life is among the countless, fascinating treasures that await those willing to learn how ours became the greatest of nations.
— New York commentator Deroy Murdock is a Fox News Contributor, a nationally syndicated columnist with the Scripps Howard News Service, and a media fellow with the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution and Peace at Stanford University.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: Could Israel launch an attack on Iran before the U.S. election in November? As the drums of war beat louder in Israel, we turn right now to two guests in Washington, D.C. Trita Parsi is with us, founder and president of the National Iranian American Council, author of Treacherous Alliance: The Secret Dealings of Iran, Israel, and the United States. His new book is called A Single Roll of the Dice: Obama's Diplomacy with Iran. And Phyllis Bennis, a fellow at the Institute for Policy Studies, has written many books, including Understanding the U.S.-Iran Crisis: A Primer.
Phyllis, let's begin with you. This escalation in the United States, most people in this country wouldn't even know this was taking place as it escalates in Israel. What does this mean for the United States?
PHYLLIS BENNIS: This is a very dangerous moment, Amy. I think that what we heard from Gideon Levy is very important, that there is a huge divide in Israel between the security, the military and the intelligence leadership, who are uniformly opposed to an Israeli strike, and the two top political leaders, the prime minister and the defense minister, who are agitating incredibly harshly for exactly that kind of strike. We have the same thing here in the United States: massive opposition, both from the military and the intelligence services and from the political leadership here in the White House. The problem is there is a right wing—the neocons in the punditry, some of the right-wing columnists in the mainstream media, and, of course, by implication, the presidential contender, Mitt Romney, the Republican contender for president.
When Romney was in Israel, he used the kind of language, as we just heard, that was very anodyne in terms of an overall level of support for anything Israel might do. More significantly, his top foreign policy adviser, while in Israel, said explicitly that the candidate, that Romney, supports the Israeli definition of a red line, of at what point would they use force, would they use military force against Iran, and not the U.S. red line. There's a vast difference between the two. Both are incredibly dangerous. The notion that any country is setting a red line and saying, “If you cross that red line, we're going to use force,” is not only crazy and won't work, but it's a complete violation of international law.
But given that there are red lines in both the U.S. and Israel, it's important to recognize the difference. The Israeli red line is based on what they call Iran's nuclear capability, meaning some combination of: they have access to enriched uranium, and they have the technical know-how to build a bomb. In fact, any country that has a nuclear power program has that capability. Iran arguably has it now. They're not making a bomb, as the U.S. has said. They don't have a bomb, as the U.S. has said. And they haven't even decided whether they want to build a bomb sometime in the future, as the U.S. has said. But nonetheless, that capability exists. The U.S. position is our red line is Iran having a nuclear weapon, a nuclear-armed Iran. That's years down the line.
So when we hear this coming from Israel, particularly right now at this very vulnerable time of an election cycle here in the United States, what we're hearing is that if there is going to be an Israeli strike, and with the political leadership saying there is, there's not going to be a military coup in Israel where the military would refuse to carry out such an order. If they are told to do it, they will do it. The choice that the leadership has is, do we wait until after the election, when we might get a president we like better, meaning Mitt Romney, but we might get Barack Obama again, who might be in a stronger position? Imagine the problems facing President Obama today if we heard from the Israelis, “Oh, by the way, our planes are in the air. They are en route to bomb Iran. And we're expecting your help to send refueling capacity, for instance, in the air. And if you don't, our pilots might die.” Imagine what that would mean for a president running for re-election here in the United States. So we have a very dangerous moment despite the opposition of the military and the intelligence agencies of all across Israel, all across the United States, everybody disagrees with this, the vice president, the president of the United States disagreeing with it. And yet, do we want to imagine that we would be certain there be no such attack and no such U.S. involvement at this moment of the election? I think it's a very, very dangerous—a very, very dangerous moment.
It is true that in the past, when Israel has preventively attacked Arab countries, those being Iraq in 1981 and Lebanon in 2007, on the claim that they might someday be able to build a nuclear bomb, it was after silence. It was not after this kind of public campaign, public ratcheting up of the war rhetoric. This would be a very different scenario. But Bibi Netanyahu is a very different kind of Israeli prime minister in a host of ways, and I don't think we can depend on those prior approaches to necessarily reflect what's going on this time.
NERMEEN SHAIKH: Well, I want to turn to some of the comments that have been made recently by Israel's ambassador to the U.S. Speaking Monday, he said that Israel is threatened by Iran in a way that the United States is not. Ambassador Michael Oren was speaking on MSNBC.
AMBASSADOR MICHAEL OREN: There are structural differences between the United States and Israel which we can't ignore, Andrea. The United States is a big country with very large capabilities, located far from the Middle East. Israel is a small country with certain capabilities, located in Iran's backyard. And Israel, not the United States, is threatened almost weekly, if not daily, about—with annihilation by Iranian leaders. And so, as Iran continues to expand its program, both increasing its stockpiles—we now think they have close to five bombs worth of enriched uranium—and as they keep to—keep on moving that program underground to places which will be beyond our capabilities, then it's built in that our considerations, our clocks, are moving faster.
NERMEEN SHAIKH: Israeli Ambassador Michael Oren also said that all other measures had failed to persuade Iran to give up its nuclear program.
AMBASSADOR MICHAEL OREN: We've now had five months of diplomacy, attempts to get Iran to negotiate an end to its nuclear program. They haven't worked. We've had several now years of sanctions against Iran. The sanctions haven't worked. According to the International Atomic Energy Agency, the Iranian nuclear program is actually accelerating. It's not stopping. Now, keep in mind that no country has a greater stake than Israel in resolving the Iranian nuclear threat by diplomatic means. We have the most skin in the game, Andrea. We're right next door. And Iranian leaders—Ahmadinejad, the chief of the Iranian military—have just recently reiterated their goal, which is the annihilation of the state of Israel. We have to be very realistic about this. If diplomacy has not succeeded, sanctions have not succeeded, we have to keep very seriously all of those options on the table.
NERMEEN SHAIKH: That was Michael Oren, Israel's ambassador to the U.S. Trita Parsi, you're with the National Iranian American Council. Can you comment on what the ambassador said?
TRITA PARSI: Well, I think the ambassador has played a significant role in bringing the debate in this country to a hysterical level in which a lot of facts are just simply thrown out the window. And we're looking at it from a perspective in which—a frame in which we're essentially saying we either have to take military action or accept an Iranian nuclear bomb. Those are not the options. That is not the accurate frame. There are plenty of other options. Diplomacy certainly has not been exhausted. In fact, it's only in its very early phases so far. So, there's a deliberate attempt there to push it towards a position in which the only options are bomb now or bomb later.
But I think, also go back and talk about why we're seeing this flurry of threats from the Israeli side at this moment. I would agree with the previous panelist in that this is different from previous cases, and we have to be careful not to necessarily dismiss it. But we also have to keep in mind that there is a value for the Netanyahu government to continue to make these threats and continue to increase the pressure on the Obama administration. If these threats work, as they have had success in the past, it would mean that the United States would move further into pursuing more sanctions on Iran, further away from pursuing a diplomatic compromise, and moving closer into the U.S. itself taking military action. If the Obama administration, on the other hand, resists and pushes back against Netanyahu two or three months before the elections, it would accentuate the differences that exist between Obama and the Romney campaign, which the Netanyahu government, I believe, calculates will benefit Romney in the U.S. elections. And the Obama administration, I think, agrees with that, in the sense that they don't want to have a public spat with the Israeli government right before elections. The alternative, that the Israelis actually will take military action, would bring very unpredictable repercussions. As it was mentioned earlier on, there's a lot of opposition to this within the Israeli military. The proposition of just making the threat, however, seems to be a win-win for the Israelis. Regardless of what Obama does, it does bring some benefit to the Netanyahu government. It either increases the likelihood of a Romney victory in the elections, or it pushes the U.S. closer towards the U.S. using the military option.
NERMEEN SHAIKH: Trita Parsi, what do you think the Obama administration should be doing now?
TRITA PARSI: Well, I think the Obama administration should be pursuing the type of diplomacy that has been successful in the past. It means that, on the one hand, the U.S. needs to tell the Israelis no and stick to it, because a military action by the Israelis, as the U.S. military has said on numerous cases, including in this segment, would not bring about the type of consequences that the U.S. would like to see. In fact, it would increase the likelihood of Iran going nuclear down the road. At the same time, he needs to pursue diplomacy with Iran in a patient way and focusing on what is possible. There is a solution to this case. It's very important to understand this. This is not in any way, shape or form an impossible dilemma. There is a solution. The problem, though, is that the political will, on all sides—and this includes the Iranians, as well—have been lacking in being able to come to that conclusion. The contours of that deal is essentially that the United States—that the Iranians would be able to retain some levels of enrichment on their own soil, but under very, very strict inspections, additional protocol, etc., but they would completely render any option towards militarizing that nuclear program impossible. The United States then would have to accept that the Iranians have a nuclear program, but it would get its key objective, which is to make sure that the Iranians don't have a nuclear bomb. Then there are various technical ways of being able to implement this. But again, the problem is not technical, the problem is political. The political will to sustain diplomacy, to make sure that both sides make the compromises that are needed, have so far been lacking.
The Situation
Have you ever found yourself in a situation where you need to automatically unpublish a specific blog post or page in WordPress? Maybe you need to take down a contest late at night, remove a blog article or some other reason. Recently I found myself in this position and decided to put together a little one liner using the wpcli to make it happen. Automate All The Things!
The Code
How it works
Cron Jobs
If you're not familiar with cron scheduling syntax, check out this tool
The wpcli
In order to use the code above, you will also need to have the wp-cli binary installed locally on your system. It doesn't necessarily need to be installed globally, but it will need to be accessible by whichever user you are planning on executing the script as. You can read more about the wp-cli at their site https://wp-cli.org/
Essentially, all you will need to do is make sure the path to your wp binary is fully qualified as the $PATH that cron uses can vary. You will also need to change the ID of the post or page you're looking to edit as well as the path to your actual WordPress installation.
The Power of the wpcli
You can probably come up with a lot of other valuable ways to use this power. The wpcli gives you lots of power over WordPress. You could do things like automatically purge the WordPress cache, update WordPress core, update WordPress plugins, update WordPress themes, you can even use it to run the actual wpcron() itself! The wpcli even gives you the ability to import data and export data automatically. You could use some sort of WebService or API to dynamically populate pages or posts.
In the future I will publish more articles that relate to the power of the wpcli and how it can be used to make your day to day management of WordPress more efficient.
A common pre-draft sentiment regarding Johnny Manziel had the Texas A&M quarterback playing a Fran Tarkenton-type in the NFL.
Brooks: Quarterback reboots Three teams selected a QB in the first round of the 2014 NFL Draft. What do they all have in common? Bucky Brooks explains.
Three teams selected a QB in the first round of the 2014 NFL Draft. What do they all have in common?explains. READ
In a Friday appearance on the (award-winning) "Around The League Podcast," NFL Media analyst Bucky Brooks shared a conversation with one league executive who believes Manziel is likely to remind us of a more recent NFC passer.
"(The executive) said, 'Envision Johnny Manziel playing like Jeff Garcia in San Francisco rather than the Doug Flutie or Fran Tarkenton comparison,'" Brooks said. "Think about how Jeff Garcia played at his prime, at his best when Steve Mariucci was there. That's how I can see Johnny Manziel playing in the National Football League."
Brooks believes some of the misconceptions about Manziel's future come from incorrect assumptions about new Browns offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan.
"I think when you look at what Kyle Shanahan has done, he has experience in the West Coast offense from his time with Gary Kubiak in Houston," Brooks said, echoing the thoughts of another league executive. "I envision that offense looking very much like the Houston Texans' offense looked. When you have a lot of boots, rollout action, a lot of stretch runs.
"When you look at the two running backs they have: Terrance West and Ben Tate, both of those guys come out of the zone-based running game. So as I'm connecting the dots, it leads me to believe they're going to run the zone-based system and they're going to have Johnny Manziel always sneak out the back door."
The Garcia comparison is an intriguing one. In his San Francisco heyday, Garcia was one of the most productive quarterbacks in football, a truth that feels strangely forgotten.
If Manziel becomes the early aughts version of Garcia, the Browns will have -- at long last -- found their franchise quarterback.
The latest "Around The League Podcast" predicts 2014 starting lineups and talks insider goodness with Bucky Brooks.
There are various explanations for why the Safety in Numbers effect seems to work. New research with important policy implications suggests it's really about rider density, not numbers
The Safety in Numbers effect is one of the most powerful ideas in cycling advocacy. Writing in Vox last week, Joseph Stromberg claimed:
It's been proven over and over again that the most important predictor of a city or region's level of safety for bikers is the number of bikers on the road.
This is a very attractive proposition for cycling advocates. Its beauty is it promotes cycling on roads while simultaneously ameliorating the biggest deterrent to riding i.e. safety.
Although some of the research is a little flaky (it's hard to get reliable numbers on how much cycling there is), the existence of the Safety in Numbers effect is well accepted.
The key explanation offered by researchers for the phenomenon is behavioural adaptation by motorists; they drive more carefully in places where there are large numbers of cyclists.
The underlying dynamic is less clear. It might be because there's a greater likelihood in a cycling city like Amsterdam that motorists are themselves cyclists and so more conscious of riders' vulnerability.
Another possible reason is that larger numbers of riders make drivers more aware of their presence. Or perhaps large numbers reinforce the legitimacy of cyclists as road users.
There are grounds though for thinking there might be more to it. As I noted before (Does cycling on roads put your health at risk?), cycling fatalities and serious injuries in London increased in recent years at a faster rate than the rise in cycling. So perhaps the effect doesn't apply in all situations.
And behavioural adaptation doesn't seem to be the only possible explanation either. As R J Smeed found in a 1949 study of 62 countries, motoring fatalities also decline as the level of driving increases. The reason is slower speeds due not to behavioural adaptation but to traffic congestion.
Another explanation might be that it's due to changes in the types of cyclists. As the total number of riders increases, it's likely the proportion who're cautious and hence less likely to crash starts to dominate.
Or perhaps it's a chicken and egg argument; places with large numbers of cyclists are also safe because they have better infrastructure. That in turn encourages more travellers to ride.
A new research paper published last month in Traffic Injury and Prevention, Reconsidering the safety in numbers effect for vulnerable road users (gated), offers a new perspective.
The authors cautiously conclude the Safety in Numbers effect is not really about ‘numbers' per se. Rather, what seems to be the key factor improving safety is the density/dispersion of cyclists within a place.
Jason Thompson, Giavanni Savino and Mark Stevenson constructed a virtual traffic system comprised of bicycles and cars and controlled by simple decision rules. They were able to replicate the safety in numbers effect in the simulation without recourse to psychological explanations:
In simulated scenarios where bicycle density increased over time alongside increasing bicycle numbers, per-capita risk of collision decreased. Conversely, where growth in bicycle density was lower, per capita collision risk decreased more slowly with increasing bicycle numbers. Further, when bicycle density growth was low and remained relatively stable over time, the association between increasing bicycle numbers and collisions more closely resembled a linear relationship, effectively nullifying the (Safety in Numbers) effect.
Since it's a computer simulation, the finding that density matters more than numbers has nothing to do with changes in behaviour arising from increased exposure. The authors offer two possible explanations:
Firstly, increasing bicycle density coinciding with increasing volume may have the simple consequence of reducing the proportion of surface area per cyclist exposed to danger from cars… a second, closely related explanation drawn from the biological sciences is the influential ‘selfish herd' theory…(It) proposes that increased density brought about through aggregation (e.g., bird flocking, fish schooling, etc.) is an adaptive mechanism that reduces risk of predation by minimising high-risk exposure at the periphery of groups
Their findings suggest that even big increases in the number of cyclists on the roads might not improve safety if riders are dispersed across the road network.
Conversely, safety can be improved even when cycling numbers are static or falling, provided riders who cycle on roads are concentrated on a limited number of high density routes.
Segregated infrastructure is the gold standard but where cyclists share roads with motorists (as they undoubtedly will in Australian cities for many years yet), failure to plan with the objective of increasing rider density might have adverse consequences.
It is possible that cycling ‘activism' and desire to reclaim territory from cars in cities where cycling has experienced a relatively recent cultural renaissance may inadvertently play a role in increasing exposure to risk.
While there's no doubt cycling is safer in places with more cyclists, the reasons aren't as straightforward as is commonly assumed. As Thompson et al point out, there's little published evidence to support the contention that behavioural adaptation by motorists is a likely explanation.
In September, the Florida State University football team made a visit to a Tallahassee middle school that would become famous. At lunchtime, student-athlete Travis Rudolph noticed sixth grader Bo Paske eating alone, so he joined Bo for the meal. Bo, who has autism, often sat by himself in the lunchroom.
The world took note of the athlete's gesture after his mother's Facebook post about it went viral. “This is one day I didn't have to worry if my sweet boy ate lunch alone, because he sat across from someone who is a hero in many eyes,” she wrote.
This story touched people because it calls to mind something universal: the sting of social exclusion. We have all known children who often eat, or play, alone. And all of us have felt left out at one time or another.
But although this experience may be universal, a new generation of children is experiencing a wave of inclusiveness. Technology of various types, often thought of as an isolating influence, can actually abet people's good intentions or help those with autism learn to fit in.
One new app called Sit With Us, invented by 16-year-old Natalie Hampton, helps vulnerable children who have difficulty finding a welcoming group in the lunchroom. Its motto is inspiring: “The first step to a warmer, more inclusive community can begin with LUNCH.” Sit With Us allows students to designate themselves as ‘ambassadors' and to signal to anyone seeking company that they're invited to join the ambassador's table.
Beyond apps, groundbreaking research into technology-based interventions for autism could boost the social skills of children with developmental conditions. Such technologies may help these children make friends once they sit down at the table.
Socializing with robots:
One promising approach involves interactive robots that help teach children with autism how to navigate social situations. My colleagues and I at George Washington University are encouraging about two dozen children with autism to communicate with humanoid robots that detect and analyze the children's actions and respond in ways that reinforce social learning. The robots use personalized gestures and vocal cues to provide interactions that are rewarding to the children.
These robots engage children socially in a safe setting, providing practice in social skills. They also may enhance ‘brain readiness' for social training, maximizing the benefits of evidence-based behavioral interventions. Children who might otherwise be reluctant to enter a social situation often feel comfortable interacting with a robot, which is more predictable and nonjudgmental. Plus, who doesn't love robots?
Our initial results show that interacting with the robots engages a cascade of neural systems that support successful social perception and exchanges. We are using various brain imaging techniques to determine whether the robots, along with a skilled therapist, can prime social brain circuits to respond during behavioral treatment.
Robots therefore may serve as a bridge into a reward and motivation system in the brains of children with autism. They may direct a child's attention toward socially relevant features of a situation and shape social brain responses.
Robots also may be useful in targeting sensory issues. Children with autism often feel overwhelmed or anxious in the presence of loud music, bright lights or strong smells. Interacting with robots that provide carefully calibrated stimuli and adapt to the child's reactions in real time could help children with autism learn to cope with and communicate these sensory problems.
Chung-Hyuk Park, a roboticist at George Washington University, is experimenting with various types of robots to determine how best to use them to enhance the effectiveness of treatment for social communication problems in children with autism. Park and me, along with Jennifer Frey, a psychologist and special education professor, are also exploring ways to meaningfully incorporate robots into existing evidence-based behavioral interventions.
Seeing solutions:
Neuroimaging technology, which allows scientists to explore the neural activity associated with behavior, may also provide insights into how to help children with autism regulate their feelings and thoughts.
This technology has shown us, for example, that social exclusion hurts both typical individuals and people with autism, but for different reasons. Typical adolescents and young people with autism rated exclusion by peers in a computerized game of catch called ‘Cyberball' as equally upsetting. But the brain scans for the two groups were different.
The typical teens show robust activity in regions involved in social reasoning and regulating negative emotions. On the other hand, scans from teens with autism reveal the involvement of structures that keep track of nonsocial rules and rule violations. In these children, the brain systems involved in negative emotions come alive only secondarily.
This difference suggests two paths for helping people cope with being left out. Typical children may benefit from understanding why others may hurt their feelings, intentionally or not. By contrast, a person with autism may find more value in a discussion of the ways in which we manage our expectations for following rules, the relative importance of different rules, and why other people violate what seem to be clear-cut rules to accomplish their own goals.
At the same time, ‘neurotypicals' might benefit from learning—perhaps from our neuroimaging findings or articles by autism self-advocates—how to better meet the social expectations of people with autism. These sources can also reveal ways to celebrate diversity in behavior and practice inclusiveness.
Neuroimaging technology could also help tailor behavioral interventions to individual children. In a study published in November, my colleagues and I at George Washington University discovered a pattern of brain activity during a social perception task that predicts which children will respond to pivotal response treatment, an evidence-based behavioral therapy for children with autism.
Too often we talk about how technology disengages us from our surroundings. But it also can help our children connect with one another, be more effective self-advocates and support their own decision-making and independence. In its emergence as a vital tool for eliminating exclusion and promoting understanding, technology is, in fact, helping us all embrace our greater humanity.
Read More:
This article is reproduced with permission from spectrumnews.org. The article was first published on January 10, 2017.
Rubies and Bundles
RVM has long been an essential tool in the Rubyist's toolbox. It was a huge leap forwards, but it has been increasingly falling out of favour. Recently, a large chunk of the Ruby community moved to rbenv. Touted as the nimble successor to RVM, rbenv has a much leaner feature set, and takes a rather different approach to managing multiple Ruby versions. Whereas RVM would override shell builtins such as cd , rbenv provides shims - small executables that select the correct Ruby version when run.
I won't go over all the differences between RVM and rbenv; it's a topic that has been covered many times before.
For better or worse, I made the switch to rbenv. It was a relatively simple transition, but there were a few gotchas along the way.
Gemsets and Bundler
RVM provided gemsets - isolated collections of gems, that make it possible to install separate versions of gems. This is one of the many RVM features that you won't find present in rbenv.
Most modern Ruby projects use bundler to manage their dependencies. The naive way of using bundler with RVM is to create a gemset per project, and use bundler to install the project's dependencies in to the gemset.
$ git clone git://github.com/person/some-project $ cd some-project $ rvm gemset create some-project $ bundle install
However, bundler allows you to install the dependencies in a directory of your choice, rather than dumping them in $GEM_HOME. This means you can have a bundle directory per-project, obviating the need for gemsets.
$ git clone git://github.com/person/some-project $ cd some-project $ bundle install --path = .bundle
When you invoke bundle install with the --path option, a config file will be placed in the .bundle directory. Bundler reads this config file to figure out where the gems are stored.
Note: for projects that don't use bundler, there is a plugin that adds gemsets to rbenv. Although I'd suggest skipping that and setting up bundler instead.
bundle exec everything
This setup works well, but has one annoying side effect: any binaries that are installed (e.g. rspec , foreman , cap ) are no longer available in your shell's path. To run them, bundle exec must be prepended to the command. These binaries wouldn't work as rbenv shims for a couple of reasons. Firstly, rbenv isn't aware of the binaries unless they're installed to the standard location. Secondly, even if rbenv could find the binaries, it wouldn't know how to load the rest of the gems in the bundle.
Fortunately, bundler provides a mechanism for generating its own shims. When bundle install is run the with the --binstubs option, a ‘stub' will be created for every installed binary, that initialises the bundle, making the other gems available.
$ bundle install --binstubs = .bundle/binstubs $ ./.bundle/binstubs/rspec spec
After adding the binstubs directory to the PATH, the binaries may be run exactly as you'd expect:
$ echo "PATH=.bundle/binstubs: $PATH " >> ~/.bashrc $ source ~/.bashrc $ rspec spec # yay!
Now the only nuisance is remembering to run bundler with the --path and --binstubs options. Conveniently, both of these options can be set in the global Bundler config file:
$ cat ~/.bundle/config --- BUNDLE_PATH: .bundle BUNDLE_BIN: .bundle/binstubs
And that's it. It requires a little more understanding than RVM does, but it feels like a much cleaner solution overall. If you've come up with a different solution to this problem, I'd love to hear it.
“Vendor Everything” Still Applies Feb 9, 2011
UPDATE: Since writing this post, I have since switched to using rbenv for my ruby version management. I no longer use RVM. Rbenv lends itself nicely to the workflow described here, and some of the workflow below has been modified to reflect that. RVM instructions are still included though.
That's right. The title is a homage to the (now defunkt) err the blog, and keeping your application dependencies with your application is still a very good thing.
As a consultant, I jump between a lot of different Ruby projects from day to day. Some are my own; some are owned by others. Some are greenfield; some are legacy. Sometimes, I'm the sole developer; sometimes, I'm working with a team.
There's nothing more frustrating than jumping on an existing project only to fall into dependency hell when your first goal is just a passing test suite. Dependencies can be quite difficult to manage, and fortunately, we have some great tools like Bundler and rbenv to help out. The problem, however, is that we as a community have not fully standardized on the best set of conventions surrounding these tools.
Disclaimer: The set of conventions described here apply to Ruby applications only. This includes Rails apps, Sinatra apps, or other Ruby applications that aren't deployed in the form of a gem.
Do Check Your .ruby-version into Version Control
Your .ruby-version file is an important piece of documentation.
For applications, your .ruby-version file is an important piece of documentation. I think this is the best way to communicate the Ruby version dependency to other team members. This is especially true given that these files at the root of your project will make rbenv or RVM automatically use that version of Ruby when you're in that project directory.
I recently inherited a project that had a test suite with very little coverage and no documentation as to which version of Ruby was required. I could tell the project wasn't on Ruby 1.9 yet, so I guessed at Ruby 1.8.7. It wasn't until much later that I realized Ruby 1.8.6 was actually required. For another legacy project that I worked on, we guessed correctly at Ruby 1.8.7, but it wasn't until we went to deploy and took a look at the production environment that we realized we should have been developing against Ruby Enterprise Edition (REE) instead of MRI.
Note: When this post was first written, I advocated checking in your .rvmrc file, because at the time, that was the only way to specify your ruby version. That was controversial, because an .rvmrc could potentially contain personal preferences (that I didn't think belonged in that file). Things have changed, and .ruby-version is the way to go regardless of your chosen ruby version manager.
Stop Using RVM Gemsets For Your Applications
Please stop using RVM gemsets for your applications. Seriously. The original title of this post was going to be, “RVM Gemsets are overrated,” but that seemed too much like flamebait, and I didn't want anyone to miscontrue my overall point.
RVM is absolutely one of the best things that has hit the Ruby community in recent history, and RVM gemsets are a great tool. It's just that I see too many applications rely on the use of gemsets when it yields no added benefit. I understand why people do it; they don't want to pollute their default gemset, but this reliance on gemsets for applications is totally unnecessary. It also seems to be a common point of confusion amongst teams.
There is a better way, that still doesn't pollute the default gemset, and it includes a lesser known feature of Bundler.
Let Bundler Follow the --path
Bundler alleviates the need for different gemsets per project.
It is possible to install application dependencies cleanly without relying on an RVM gemset. I like to install all application dependencies into a gitignored directory within the application itself. This not only alleviates the need for different gemsets per project, but it also gives us a quick and easy way to jump into the source code of any one of our gem dependencies. We can do this with the --path option passed to bundle install . Here's the convention I like to use:
bundle install --path vendor echo 'vendor/ruby' >> .gitignore
After running this, all gems (and gems pulled directly from git repositories) will be unpacked into the vendor/ruby directory of your project. It's a good idea to ignore this directory from version control.
This one step removes the need to create a custom RVM gemset for any of your applications, and it ensures that your default gemset is never polluted by application dependencies. This way, Bundler completely isolates the gems from the system, guaranteeing a clear set of dependencies.
Package Your Gems in vendor/cache
For applications, I cannot emphasize enough how beneficial it is to keep all of your gem dependencies with your application. I'm not just talking about a Gemfile and Gemfile.lock , but I'm also talking about the gems themselves. Bundler allows you to save all of your gems in a vendor/cache directory after running bundle package . It ensures the gems are available without having to sync with a gem server.
bundle package
I've seen resistance to this practice, but the only arguments against it usually refer to taking up too much space in version control. That argument is poppycock. Storage is cheap. You'll thank me later when your deployments run smoothly, and when several years from now, an otherwise missing gem is at your fingertips. Not to mention, having all your gems in vendor/cache makes bundle install run faster both for new team members and in your continuous integration environment. Deployment environments like Heroku really benefit from this practice too.
How Can I Remember All of This?
Here are some command line aliases that help me:
alias b = "bundle" alias bi = "b install --path vendor" alias bil = "bi --local" alias bu = "b update" alias be = "b exec" alias binit = "bi && b package && echo 'vendor/ruby' >> .gitignore"
Any time I jump into a new project that already has a Gemfile, I merely need to run bi and the gems are installed in an application specific location ( vendor/ruby ) without the need for a custom RVM gemset. Anytime I'm starting a new project or trying to convert an old project to these new conventions, I just run binit , which installs and packages the gems within the application while also gitignoring the vendor/ruby directory.
TL;DR
Check your .ruby-version file into version control; it's a form of documentation.
file into version control; it's a form of documentation. Avoid RVM gemsets for your applications; Bundler solves the same problem in a better way ( bundle install --path vendor ).
). Keep a cache of your gem dependencies in version control using bundle package .
. This only applies to Ruby applications; gem development is a different beast.
bundle install --path vendor bundle package echo 'vendor/ruby' >> .gitignore
Please share, reply to comment, or retweet. Also follow me for more.
21st Century Fox (FOXA) has held talks to sell most of its assets to Walt Disney (DIS), a deal that would create a seismic shift in the media and entertainment industry, according to media reports.
Discussions between the corporate parents of the 20th Century Fox film studio and the Walt Disney World Resort have taken place over the past few weeks but aren't currently active, although they could be revisited given their "on again, off again" nature, CNBC's David Faber reported. The Wall Street Journal, however, offered a more pessimistic take, saying the talks were preliminary and had broken down over price and other issues. An analyst estimated the value of the deal between $20 billion and $30 billion.
"Disney hates to overpay for assets," said Laura Martin, an analyst with Needham & Co., who has a hold on Disney and Fox, in an interview, adding that it's a "great strategic idea." "When you merge two studios together, you create a tremendous amount of value. Disney has had a much better TV production unit than Fox."
Antitrust issues would complicate any transaction between two multi-national media conglomerates.
That's why Burbank, Calif.-based Disney would presumably want to acquire Fox's movie and TV production businesses along with entertainment networks such as National Geographic and FX, CNBC said. It wouldn't buy the Fox broadcast network, Fox Sports, the Fox News and Business channels or the company's local television affiliates.
Disney would have also acquired Fox's 39 percent stake in U.K. pay television operator Sky Plc, the Journal says. Fox's $15.5 billion offer to buy the part of Sky that it doesn't already own has been held up by U.K. regulators.
If Disney and Fox join forces, it would accelerate "the arms race" for content that has been jumpstarted by new rivals in the entertainment business such as Netflix (NFLX) which have siphoned off consumers from traditional media companies in recent years, according to Tuna Amobi, an analyst with CFRA.
"Investors have shifted in how they view the media landscape," said Amobi, who rates Disney as a "buy" and Fox as a "hold" in an interview. "With a lot of the shares underperforming, it just seems that the sector is in need of a major catalyst. A deal like this could provide that catalyst. … It's really telling that scale matters and it's going to matter even more."
Indeed, Martin argues that other media companies including Viacom are going to need to find merger partners to compete against Netflix and other new deep-pocketed rivals such as AT&T (T), which is in the process of acquiring Time Warner (TWX), the parent of Warner Bros. and CNN, and Amazon.com (AMZN).
Fox and Disney are co-owners of the Hulu streaming network, whose "Handmaid's Tale" won the Emmy award this year for Best Dramatic Series, along with Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner.
Shares of 21st Century Fox, which are controlled by the Murdoch family, rose $2.48, or 10 percent, to $27.48. Shares of Disney, which owns Marvel, Pixar among other entertainment brands, rose 2 percent to $100.64.
Officials from Fox and Disney couldn't immediately be reached.
Apr 11, 2017 at 13:41 // News
Lana Smiley Author
Polish cryptocurrency market welcomes best practices adopted by the government on March 29. Companies in the industry hope it will help Poland get back to being one of the Top-5 markets in the world.
The prospects seem even better than bright. It is always easier to develop an industry when the government supports it. And Polish authorities have definitely decided to promote the digitalization of the country's financial markets. They even support programs such as “ Paperless, cashless Poland ”, which is led by the Ministries of Economic Development, Digital Affairs, and Health, dedicated to supporting the development of cryptocurrency market. There are 13 Streams within the program, dedicated to eServices, eID, eHealth and blockchain/DLT.
Cryptocurrency Cookbook
What is curious enough is that those practices cannot be called regulations, but rather, recommendations. They are designed to help companies enter the market, not thrust mandatory obligations upon them, making it more difficult. And this is definitely good news for Polish market players.
Mateusz Kowalczyk, CEO at Bitstar.pl , stated to Coinidol.com:
“Regulation is mandatory for new entities to enter market. However releasing set of good practices works the other way. You can start without huge deposit or insurance and gain it later. You can copy and paste good practices that big players already learned. There is AML KYC etc. that you can follow but you don't have to if you can't afford it yet. It is a ready cookbook were giving for competition to encourage them to stimulate us.”
Still a Lot of Work
While adoption of such practices is definitely encouraging for further development of the crypto industry in Poland, there is still a lot of work to be done before cryptocurrency really flourishes in the country. According to Mateusz Kowalczyk, there are still a lot of difficulties related to “tax, and legislation, though it becomes better and better thanks to cooperation with government.”
Magda Borowik, Executive Director of FinTech Poland Foundation , Advisor to the Minister of Digital Affairs on fintech, DLT and digital currency states that the prospects for the development of the industry “depend on investing money in education and exploration,” outlining the “4E (Enlighten, Educate, Experiment, Explain)” which are necessary to develop and promote fintech in Poland. She stated to coinidol.com:
“Financial Supervision Authority has been working on easing the regulatory constraints for fintech within the framework of Special Task Force for Financial Innovation. The Task Force aims to enable financial innovation growth in Poland. FinTech Poland represents startups and technology providers in the Task Force. The objective is to change or tune existing laws in order for fintech to grow. This will reflect blockchain/DLT opportunity. Ministry of Digital Affairs has some plans on creating dedicated research program for emerging transactional technologies exploration.”
At least four people killed and others missing after ship carrying more than 250 people was battered by fierce winds
At least four people have died and seven others are missing after a Philippine ferry carrying more than 250 passengers and crew, including Christmas holiday travellers, sank in stormy conditions.
About 240 people were pulled alive from the rough seas, some with injuries, after the M/V Mercraft 3 sank in the Polillo Strait in the north-east coast of the country, officials said.
A survivor, Donel Jade Mendiola, told DZMM radio that bad weather had briefly delayed the ferry's departure from Real town in Quezon province, but the weather improved and the vessel set off for Polillo island. Strong winds and large waves started to lash the vessel about two hours into the trip, he said.
“The vessel came to a halt and started taking in water in the front side. The passengers dashed to one side and the ferry started to sink,” Mendiola said. He said the passengers were instructed to put on life vests.
Coastguard boats, navy vessels and fishing boats rescued 240 people, many of them drifting in the rough sea, said a coastguard spokesman, Armand Balilo. He said the 206-tonne ferry could carry 286 people and apparently was not overcrowded.
Rescue efforts were halted temporarily after nightfall due to bad weather, coastguard officials said. Many of those rescued were taken to a government emergency hall in Dinahican village, where officials brought clothes, food, water and medicine, said Juanito Diaz, who heads Quezon's disaster response agency.
Among the survivors taken to hospital was a 61-year-old Australian identified by authorities as Roland Kempt, who lives in the Philippines, the coastguard said in a statement.
Two women and two men died, officials said.
Earlier this week a tropical storm left more than 50 people dead and 31 others missing, mostly due to landslides, and damaged more than 10,000 houses in the central Philippines before weakening and blowing into the South China Sea.
The storm drenched Quezon province, on the southern tip of northern Luzon island, but there were no storm warnings when the Mercraft 3 sailed out, officials said.
Get the Mach newsletter.
April 3, 2017, 3:48 PM GMT / Updated April 3, 2017, 3:48 PM GMT By David Freeman
Unmanned aerial vehicles, or drones, are now used for all sorts of things, from taking out terrorists to delivering take-out. Now a tiny start-up in California's Bay Area is working on what it hopes will be the next big thing: large autonomous drones capable of moving freight across the Pacific Ocean more cheaply than conventional piloted cargo planes and faster than cargo ships.
Natilus Inc., of Richmond, Calif., is building a 30-foot prototype drone that could take to the air for the first time later this year. If all goes as planned, the firm will develop an 80-foot drone that will begin flying routes from Los Angeles to Hawaii in 2019. A 140-foot drone with a 200,000-pound cargo capacity could be flying routes to China starting in 2020.
Related: One of These Drones Could Save Your Life
Made of carbon fiber composites and powered by jet engines, the drones would take off from the water, eliminating the need for landing gear and long landing strips. It would land on water several miles from port before taxiing to the dock, where cranes would unload the cargo.
The amphibious drones would cruise at an altitude of about 20,000 feet and would fly slower than piloted cargo planes.
“Commercial pilot airplanes don't want to fly slower because it would take forever to get there and pilot fatigue becomes an issue," Natilus CEO Aleksey Matyushev told NBC MACH in an email. "For drones, that is not the case.”
Related: Passenger Drones Will Take to the Skies This Summer
And with no crew to pay — and since reduced speed means reduced fuel costs — shipping via the drones would cost about half as much as shipping by piloted cargo planes, the company says.
Shipping 200,000 pounds of freight from Los Angles to Shanghai via drone, for example, would take about 30 hours at a cost of about $130,000, the company says. Delivery of the same cargo by a Boeing 747 takes about 11 hours and costs about $260,000. (Moving the same cargo to Shanghai by ship would cost about $61,000 but would take three weeks.)
Natilus founders LZ Zhang, Aleksey Matyushev, and Anatoly Starikov show off their drone prototypes. Natilus
Natilus hopes to build hundreds of the drones and sell them to FedEx, UPS, and other companies, Fast Company reported. But with just three full-time employees, the firm might outsource some construction efforts. Matyushev said in the email that Natilus had been “talking with a couple of larger aerospace companies (to remain unnamed) to help us put the larger vehicle together.”
Matyushev sounds confident. But are cargo drones like the ones he envisions really going to disrupt transoceanic shipping?
Dr. John Michael Robbins, an assistant professor at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach, Florida, called cargo drones “extremely feasible” in an email to NBC News MACH, adding “it will take some time” for them to be proven safe and efficient. “The aircraft not only have to be built and tested in order to pass the rigorous process of certification, but society has to accept the technology in order for it to truly become commercially viable."
The Federal Aviation Administration is still working on creating regulations regarding the commercialization of unmanned aircraft, according to Robbins. But, Matyushev said, “The FAA has been nothing but supportive of the project.”
Follow NBC MACH on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
A heroic plainclothes cop was shot in the ankle during a wild, early-morning police shootout on a South Bronx street Saturday — but still managed to return fire, putting four bullets in the teenage suspected gunman.
Officer Sherrod Stuart, 25, and his accused shooter, Christopher Rice, 19, remained in Lincoln Hospital. Rice, who has a history of violence against cops, was in serious condition.
Stuart, a four-year cop who is the son of an NYPD detective, hosted Mayor de Blasio and Police Commissioner Bill Bratton as proud bedside visitors.
“What an impressive young man who went into this dangerous situation and handled himself so well,” de Blasio said.
A steady stream of cops also visited Stuart, a member of the 40th Precinct Anti-Crime Unit.
Rice was struck four times — on the right side of his neck, his abdomen, his thigh and his hand.
“He's in a lot of pain. He's pretty shaken up. They've got a lot of pain medicine in him now,” one cop said as he left the hospital.
“The bullet is still in him. It's pretty bad. It hit two bones.”
Stuart had been responding with fellow officers to multiple 911 calls from the neighborhood around Lincoln and Third avenues in Mott Haven.
A fight had broken out at a “jump-up” party — an unlicensed, pop-up nightclub — at a loft just east of the Major Deegan Expressway.
As many as 200 people were at the party, and the fight had spilled outside into the street, where gangbangers were battling one another “with guns and bats and knives,” Bratton told reporters.
Rice turned a gun on arriving officers, shooting Stuart in the right ankle, Bratton said, adding that the cop fired back.
“He returned gunfire, striking the male suspect four times,” he said.
Rice was hit on the right side of his neck and in his abdomen, thigh and hand.
Two other cops joined Stuart in the gunfight. When the smoke cleared, three guns lay scattered at the scene, including the .380-caliber semiautomatic that cops say was used to shoot Stuart.
One resident said violence regularly breaks out in the gritty neighborhood.
“They like to shoot,” the neighbor said. “This is a weekend thing. They get high, they get stupid, they start arguing amongst each other, and they try to kill each other.”
Big, volatile jump-up parties are common, another neighbor said, adding, “I just keep walking.”
Although only a teen, Rice already had five prior arrests, starting with an assault on a civilian when he was just 16.
Twice he has resisted arrest, most recently in March at Willis Avenue and East 137th Street.
In that instance, Rice and others were told by cops to leave the corner, and he refused, sources told The Post.
Rice then fought the cops who tried to handcuff him — and at the station house he punched a cop after getting uncuffed, sources said.
Just three hours before Saturday morning's police shootout, Rice had been let out of a Bronx courthouse after an overnight arraignment on fare-beating charges, Bratton said.
Five stabbing victims from the original fight that started Saturday morning's chaos were also hospitalized, he said.
The mayor hailed the NYPD's speedy response.
“The fact is that backup came quick. His fellow officers did all the right things to subdue these criminals,” de Blasio said. “This is obviously a large group of people in a fight. NYPD officers handled this situation, defused this situation, got the guns and, as you heard, won the day.”
Additional reporting by Larry Celona and Laura Italiano
The New Orleans Saints are encouraging fans to wear black to the Mercedes-Benz Superdome for Sunday night's game against the Green Bay Packers.
The Saints will be dressed out in black jerseys and black pants, and have asked fans to do the same.
The Saints also wore all black in their other primetime game this season at the Dallas Cowboys, which they lost 38-17.
The Saints have won 16 out of their last 17 primetime games at home, including playoffs. Their last loss was to the Cowboys in 2009.
"#WhoDatNation - let's black out the dome! Everybody wears black to Sunday's game #AllBlackSNF #BODYBAG," tweeted Junior Galette.
#Saints are wearing all black this Sunday night, #WhoDatNation y'all do the same & black out the dome #BlackOutSNF," Thomas Morstead said via his Twitter.
Added Curtis Lofton via his Twitter account: "What are you wearing to the game? The good guys wear all black this week! #allblacksnf #whodat
Every unit has unique cast animations for each of their spells. The cast animation of a spell is enacted as soon as a target for the spell is chosen, if it requires one, or its hotkey is pressed, if it does not require a target. These animations are not bound to specific spells, but rather to the ability slots of each unit and hero. The length of the animations varies for each spell as each of them is unique and made for the spell which is usually in the slot the animation is bound to. Although "cast animation" only sounds like a visual part of the game, it does have a mechanical influence on the gameplay.
Every spell has a certain time frame the casting unit has to go through in order to successfully apply the effects of the spell. This time is commonly known as cast point or cast time. This cast time is set for each spell individually, and has nothing directly to do with the visual animation of the spells. However, since the animation starts playing immediately, it indicates the cast point of spells.
In almost every case, the length of cast animations exceeds the cast point of spells. Upon reaching the cast point, the animation does not stop immediately, but continues playing. For most spells, the unit keeps on standing still during this part of the animation, and is unable to act until the animation has completed, if it is not canceled. This is commonly known as cast backswing.
Cast point [ edit ]
All spells require the casting unit to spend a certain amount of time before the spell's effects are applied. This time window is known as cast point or cast time. Only once the unit reaches this point does the spell take effect. The length of the cast time can vary heavily and is set for each spell individually. Usually, a specific unit's spells share the same cast point.
An ability only applies its effects, goes on cooldown and expends mana when the casting unit successfully reaches the cast point of the spell. This means when the unit gets interrupted by disables or their own actions before reaching the cast point of the spell, the cast gets canceled, the spell's effects do not get applied, it won't go into cooldown and won't draw mana. The player also can manually stop the spell cast by issuing a stop or halt command. When the spell cast gets interrupted during the cast time, the visual cast animation ends as well.
An ability's cast time is indicated by a green overlay on the ability icon, which swipes over it during the cast time of the ability.
Cast backswing [ edit ]
The part of the animation which occurs after cast point has been reached is called backswing animation, and during it the unit is unable to attack or use abilities. This part of the animation is purely a liability; it has no effects besides temporarily impeding the unit, and as such it is beneficial to cancel a long backswing animation, which will allow the unit to execute other commands sooner. The player can cancel the backswing by ordering the unit to stop, move or simply by using an item or casting another spell during the backswing. Disables, including silence, will cancel it as well. However, queued orders do not cancel it. If orders are queued, the next order will be executed after the backswing finishes.
Backswing is individual to units and their abilities, and is not necessarily the same length even for spells with the same total animation time. For example if the entire animation of a spell takes 1 second, and the spell's cast point is at 0.3, the backswing will take 0.7 seconds. However, a spell animation of the same length with a 0.6 cast point would only have 0.4 backswing. Some units (and/or specific abilities) have long backswing animations, and it is on these units that cancellation of backswing will be most beneficial. Cancelling a short backswing is difficult, and generally achieves minimal difference in outcome, so it is not generally done.
Channeled abilities [ edit ]
Unlike other spells, which go into backswing (if there is one) after reaching cast point, channeled abilities go into a channel after cast point. If the unit is interrupted before reaching the cast point, the spell does not start channeling and does not go into cooldown and use mana. Only after having reached the cast point will a channeled spell go on cooldown and draw mana. If a unit gets interrupted during the channeling, the channeling instantly stops. Channeled abilities necessarily do not have backswings, as the channel must follow the cast point where the backswing otherwise would.
Ability cast points and backswings [ edit ]
Item abilities [ edit ]
Item active abilities are always cast instantly once their hotkey is pressed or a target is chosen. They have a cast point of 0 and they cannot have backswing.
Just like regular abilities, some item abilities do not interrupt the current spell animation upon using.
1 Toggling This does not interrupt.
2 Does not interrupt when targeting allies either.
Pan Mar Liquors, commonly known as 20th and I, closed Tuesday following a suspension by the city's alcohol board for selling alcohol to minors and accepting invalid identification.
The liquor store at 1926 I St. will reopen Jan. 18, according to D.C. Alcoholic Beverage Regulation Administration. It also paid a $1,000 fine on Jan. 2.
The temporary shutdown stems from a March 2011 investigation, after a Metropolitan Police officer saw a young man exiting the store with a case of beer. That man was later identified as a 19-year-old who used a fake ID to buy the beer, and officers found that the store should have rejected it due to security features.
ABRA held a hearing six months later, ordering Pan Mar to pay the fine and serve 10 days of suspension starting October 16, 2011. But five days before then, the store filed a motion for the alcohol board to repeal the charges.
More than a year later, on Nov. 7, 2012, the alcohol board upheld the charges, ordering that Pan Mar begin serving the suspension Jan. 8, 2013.
Pan Mar has faced similar investigations in February 2011 and March 2008 for unlawfully selling to minors, but there are no records of a previous suspension.
GW has a partnership with ABRA and has helped the agency bust at least seven liquor stores and bars for selling to minors in the last two years, according Freedom of Information Act request by the Hatchet.
The ‘Brigade Juive' claims to have sent the threatening email to 8,000 activists worldwide, lamenting that since French law doesn't do enough against boycott supporters it must take matters into its own hands.
By Yael Marom
A right-wing group calling itself the “Brigade Juive” (Jewish Brigade) says it sent thousands of threatening emails and messages to boycott Israel activists around the world overnight Thursday, promising to “put an end to BDS.” The messages were apparently sent primarily to activists in France, Australia and Israel.
The senders, who addressed recipients as “dear boycotters” (in French), warned (in English): “We have been a very particular set of skills, skills We have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make us a nightmare for people like you.” It concluded in French: “boycotters should understand, we will be scalping you one by one, group by group, organization by organization.” A message on its Facebook page clarified that it referred to scalping figuratively — and had “nothing to do with the Indian custom, of course.”
The email, sent to 8,000 email addresses according to the group's Facebook page, included a link to a longer Facebook post in which the group claimed that BDS activists are fans of Hitler, Holocaust deniers and inciters of hate. It went on to explain that French law doesn't do enough to stop boycott-supporting activists and organization operating in the country, so it must take matters into its own hands.
One Israeli activist who received the threatening email told +972's Hebrew-language sister site, Local Call, that “the threat is menacing, but the large number of recipients testifies to its weakness. You can't silence so many human rights activists. Acts of intimidation that the Brigade already carried out in France have not deterred French anti-occupation and Israeli apartheid activists.”
In its report on the threatening email, the Electronic Intifada warned activists not to click on links in any threatening emails noting that they might contain malware.
The French underground
Local activists told +972 that the “Brigade Juive” is believed to be tied to the French branch of the Jewish Defense League (JDL), a militant organization started by Meir Kahane in the United States in the 1960s, and which has been outlawed for terrorist activity in the United States and Israel. In recent years, the French branch of the organization has directed much of its activities against Palestinian and French groups that oppose Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories and people, usually claiming that they are anti-Semitic. It recently began targeting the BDS movement.
In March 2014, Israeli investigative journalism program “Uvda” ran a story (Hebrew) about the “Jewish underground operating in France” and its leader, a young man named Yossi Ayache, who has been based out of Netanya in Israel for the past few years. The television report portrays a quasi-military organization composed of hundreds of young French Jews who utilize violence in the name of “fighting rising anti-Semitism in France.” The report detailed how they learn how to utilize physical violence, train withstanding tear gas, learn to break bones, go undercover as Arabs in Palestinian French groups, burst into events and offices, and of course, beat people.
Anti-occupation activists in France have long faced violence, harassment and violence from radical right-wing Jewish groups. Take for example well-known JDL activist, hacker and self-described “militant Zionist” Gregory Chelli, who as of August 2014 was reportedly living in Ashdod, Israel (Hebrew). Chelli, who reportedly goes by the online name “Ulcan,” is primarily known for reported electronic break-ins of news organizations who he believes unfairly cover the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and for allegedly harassing journalists and political activists he views as enemies, and their families. Chelli was given an 18-month suspended sentence for his part in setting fire to the motorcycle of a French political activist. He has also been interrogated by Israel police.
Ulcan's tactics in the past have reportedly included publishing journalists' and activists' personal information, making fake police reports that resulted in large-scale raids on his targets' homes, and falsely notifying targets' families of their deaths or injury.
A new puppet master in town?
Speaking at the Herzliya Conference on Thursday, Israeli Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan stated that Israel needs to send a clear message, with legislation or other means, that “it's not worth being a BDS activist,” and that such activists need to be made to pay a price. It appears somebody is already heeding his call.
Erdan also went into detail about the Israeli government's role in fighting anti-Israel activism around the world, saying that while the State of Israel isn't suited to tackle each individual threat as a state body, it is well positioned to coordinate the various private organizations and bodies which are active on the country's behalf. One can only hope this isn't an example of such coordination.
Yael Marom is Just Vision's public engagement manager in Israel and a co-editor of Local Call, where a version of this article first appeared in Hebrew.
Cock Lane, from Pye Corner
Cock Lane is a small street in Smithfield in the City of London, leading from Giltspur Street in the east to Snow Hill in the west.
In the mediaeval period, it was known as Cokkes Lane and was the site of legal brothels. 25 Cock Lane is the site where the supposed Cock Lane ghost manifested itself at in 1762,[1] and is also the place where writer John Bunyan, who wrote England's first best-seller, died from a fever in 1688.
The junction of Giltspur Street and Cock Lane was known as Pye Corner, famous as marking the furthest extent of the Great Fire of London, which is commemorated by the Golden Boy of Pye Corner. This effigy was originally built into the front of a public house called The Fortune of War which used to occupy the site but was pulled down in 1910.
References [ edit ]
^ Chambers, Paul (2006). The Cock Lane Ghost: Murder, Sex and Haunting in Dr Johnson's London. Stroud: Sutton. ISBN 0-7509-3869-2.
Coordinates:
The woman who, along with her husband, held police at bay during a nine-month standoff in 2007 over tax evasion has apologized to the community.Elaine Brown's apology appeared in Plain Facts, a monthly publication written by Plainfield residents.She said she and her husband Ed were trying to advance the "cause of justice." She went on to say they "failed to take into account the impact we were having on others in the town. We failed to realize the fear, anxiety and impact we were causing these good people."Now, seven years later, I realize the wrong I have done to you all."Elaine and Ed Brown, now both in their 70s, will likely spend the rest of their lives in prison. 12967056
The woman who, along with her husband, held police at bay during a nine-month standoff in 2007 over tax evasion has apologized to the community.
Elaine Brown's apology appeared in Plain Facts, a monthly publication written by Plainfield residents.
Advertisement Related Content Tax evaders' property for sale may contain explosives
She said she and her husband Ed were trying to advance the "cause of justice." She went on to say they "failed to take into account the impact we were having on others in the town. We failed to realize the fear, anxiety and impact we were causing these good people.
"Now, seven years later, I realize the wrong I have done to you all."
Elaine and Ed Brown, now both in their 70s, will likely spend the rest of their lives in prison.
AlertMe
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
By signing the new Commonwealth Charter, with its rejection of all discrimination, the Queen is implicitly endorsing gay human rights.
Although the charter does not include an explicit commitment to gay equality, the clause rejecting discrimination based on ‘other grounds' implicitly includes a rejection of homophobic discrimination.
In her 61 years on the throne, the Queen has never publicly uttered the words lesbian or gay. She is a patron of hundreds of charities but none of them are gay ones. Never once has she visited or supported a gay charity.
In truth, the Commonwealth Charter does not include any specific rejection of discrimination based on sexual orientation. This was vetoed by the homophobic majority of member states.
However, many Commonwealth Secretariat officials interpret the clause opposing discrimination on ‘other grounds' as including opposition to anti-gay discrimination. They inserted the catch-all phrase to circumvent the objections of anti-gay nations. To secure that insertion was a long, tough battle.
Since then, Commonwealth progresses on LGBT equality has been slow.
More than 40 of the 54 Commonwealth countries still criminalise homosexuality, mostly under laws imposed by Britain during the colonial era. Six of these countries stipulate life imprisonment. Uganda is currently considering legislation that would introduce the death penalty for repeat gay offenders.
While I doubt that Elizabeth II is a raging homophobe, she certainly doesn't appear to be gay-friendly. Not once during her reign has she publicly acknowledged the existence of the LGBT community.
While she has spoken approvingly of the UK's many races and faiths, for six decades she has ignored LGBT Britons. If she treated black and Asian Britons in the same way, she'd be denounced as a racist. Why the double standards?
Regardless of whether these omissions are a reflection of the Queen's personal views or the result of advice from her courtiers, as monarch she bears ultimate responsibility. Her silence sends a signal of exclusion and disrespect.
Astonishingly, since she became Queen in 1952, the words ‘gay' and ‘lesbian' have never publicly passed her lips. There is no record of her ever speaking them. Even when she announced government plans for gay law reform in her Queen's Speeches, she did not use the words lesbian or gay. Apparently, mentioning LGBT people is beneath the dignity of the monarch.
The official British Monarchy website, which documents all the Queen's public statements and royal visits, includes no mention of the word gay or of any gay good causes. Type the word ‘gay' into the search facility and you get nothing.
The Queen visits lots of charities and welfare organisations. But never in 61 years has she visited a gay charity or welfare agency. She has, for example, ignored deserving gay charities like the Albert Kennedy Trust and Stonewall Housing, which support homeless LGBT youth. Although she is a patron of many good causes, none of them are gay.
When there are major tragedies involving the loss of life, the Queen often visits the site and the victims in hospital. This did not happen when neo-Nazi, David Copeland, bombed the Admiral Duncan gay pub in Soho, London, in 1999, killing three people and wounding 70 others. At the time, it was the worst terrorist outrage in mainland Britain for many years. To most people's surprise, the Queen did not visit the bombed-out pub or the hospitalised victims.
I have contacted the Queen's press office. I asked them: Has the Queen ever uttered in public the words gay or lesbian? Did she use these words in any of her Queen's Speeches when announcing the government's gay equality laws? Has she ever acknowledged the existence of LGBT people in any public statement? Has the Queen ever visited a gay charity or welfare agency? Is she the patron of any gay charitable organisation?
The Queen's press office did not respond to my requests. I rest my case. The monarchy is homophobic – if not by conscious intent, then certainly by default.
As head of state, the Queen is supposed to represent and embrace all British people, not just some. How much longer will the LGBT community have to wait for royal recognition and acceptance?
Peter Tatchell is director of the London-based human rights organisation, the Peter Tatchell Foundation, and coordinator of the Equal Love campaign.
The views in this article are his own and not those of PinkNews.co.uk
It's been exactly a year since I was diagnosed with celiac disease, and I remember very well the panic I had when I learned I couldn't eat gluten. I also remember my last stupid breakfast before I got the news. I ordered eggs. Not waffles, not pancakes, not syrupy French toast. Eggs. What a HUGE missed opportunity.
Anyway, it was challenging that first month trying to figure out how to eat without gluten. I man, really, what else is there? (Please don't say quinoa.) I had my go-to recipes that were gluten-filled, and I had not yet learned the ins and outs of gluten-free pasta, flours, recipes. And then with all the crying, well, it was hard to get on the Internets and read.
So I've decided to give you, perhaps the newly diagnosed celiac, the newly gluten-free, or the old-ly gluten-free that's looking for a little inspiration, a week in gluten-free dinners. At least, my five-day work week, and it was pretty delish. Not as good as Chicago style pizza — I'll be honest with you. But still, these five gluten-free meals do not suck.
(By the way, if you're a newbie, you can't gorge on gluten on the weekends after being good all week long. I asked.)
Gluten-Free Pasta with Roasted Butternut Squash, Spinach & Bacon
After way too much experimenting with gluten-free pastas, my husband and I (and the kids, if they had any clue about anything, like, ever) have decided we're fans of the corn pasta. Luckily Trader Joe's just came out with a huge new line of gluten-free corn pastas and that's what we used for one of our favorite pre-diagnosis recipes.
My friend Melissa first introduced us to a version of this, but we've experimented and created our own mix here of amazeballs flavors.
Ingredients
Prep time: 20 minutes Cook time: 1 hour, plus 15 minutes
1 package gluten-free pasta
1 butternut squash
6 slices bacon
1 head of fresh spinach
3 sprigs fresh Rosemary
2 garlic cloves, diced
2 tablespoons olive oil, plus some for drizzling
Salt and pepper
Parmesan for garnish
1. Begin by roasting your butternut squash. Preheat your oven to 350 degrees. If you buy cubed, simply throw it on a baking sheet, drizzle olive oil over all squash cubes, salt and pepper, and cover in a generous amount of rosemary, de-stemmed. If you have a whole butternut squash, halve it, clean it, and drizzle olive oil over each side. Do the same with salt, pepper, and rosemary. Roast for 45 minutes to 1 hour, checking for texture.
2. Put pasta on to boil when you have about 10 minutes remaining on the squash.
3. In the meantime, cook bacon and let it cool to crumble.
A word on bacon: We used to be big fans 0f the turkey bacon, which totally works in this recipe. But recently we've slid back into the old traditional pork fatty kind. Mostly because we just use it as an accent in a meal, so it's not like we're shoving four or five sticks down our throats. Okay, sometimes on the weekend we do. Okay, I do.
4. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet and add garlic to cook until soft and slightly brown. Add spinach and cook until wilted. Add cooked squash and pasta as they become ready. Salt and pepper to taste. Sprinkle bacon over the dish and remove it from heat. Sprinkle with Parmesan and serve.
Makes: 8 servings
Rice & Beans with Avocado
Quinoa & Kale Delight
Both of these dishes are regulars at our table. Especially when we're watching the sugar, dairy, gluten, and whatever other delicious things that are totally bad for us. I swear, they're awesome.
Gluten-Free Pumpkin Soup
As you have seen earlier this week, this amazing, healthy, totally gluten-free dish kicked off our 2012 with freaking bang. I plan on making this, oh, just about every week until my skin turns orange.
Pork Loin with Mustard Sauce
I might have overdone it with the pork, as I was all about flavor, flavor, flavor! So I not only brined this pork loin, but created a delicious mustard sauce as well. Really, you can do one or the other and have masses of flavor.
If you go with brine, simply put pork loin in a gallon Ziploc bag, add 1/2 cup of sea salt, rosemary (or oregano, or marjoram — your choice!), 1/4 cup citrus juice (orange, lemon, or lime), 1 tablespoon of pepper and fill the bag with water. Let it set for 2 hours — 8 hours then throw it on the grill.
Pork news! The most amazing news in pork this year, was that trichinosis is on the wane. Still, you should cook your pork to 145 degrees, and let it set for three minutes before serving.
Now for the sauce!
Gluten-Free Mustard Sauce
adapted from epicurious
Ingredients
Prep time: 7 minutes Cook time: 10 minutes
1/4 cup finely chopped shallots (1 to 2)
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1/2 cup reduced-sodium chicken broth
Pork drippings
1/4 cup country-style Dijon mustard, gluten-free (Trader Joe's has a gluten-free Dijon)
2 tablespoons heavy cream
2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice
1. Melt butter in skillet and add shallots. Cook until soft.
2. Add chicken broth and any drippings from your pork that's cooking and mix together, bringing to a boil. Let cook for two minutes.
3. Add mustard and cream and return to a boil, then add lemon juice and simmer until sauce is slightly thickened, about 3 minutes.
A Mississippi attorney is suing Popeyes after he says he choked on a large piece of fried chicken that he had to eat with his hands because a knife was not included in his drive-thru order.
Paul Newton Jr., who filed the lawsuit this week, says the only utensil he was given at the Gulfport restaurant was a spork when he visited the restaurant last November.
Fox 8 reports that Newton bought two chicken breasts, red beans and rice, a biscuit and a soft drink. In addition to the food, the lawsuit states the customer was given napkins, salt and pepper, and a spork. Newton then drove to his office and started eating in the car, using the spork for his red beans and rice.
WOMAN SUES KFC FOR $20 MILLION OVER FALSE ADVERTISING
"Because Newton's order did not include a plastic knife, plaintiff Newton's only option for consumption of the chicken breasts was to hold a chicken breast in his hands and to tear off pieces thereof with his teeth," the lawsuit states.
Newton allegedly then started to choke on the fried chicken and had to undergo emergency surgery to remove the piece of chicken from his throat.
Along with knives for all drive-thru customers' orders so people will be able to "cut their purchased food orders into appropriate portions,” Newton is also seeking financial compensation for his pain and suffering plus medical expenses and punitive damages from several defendants.
PANERA SUED FOR PUTTING PEANUT BUTTER IN GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH
One former Popeyes employee told Fox 8 the chain shouldn't be held responsible for a customer choking.
“If you choke on your chicken and you have to get the chicken removed from your throat, it's not because Popeyes didn't apply a knife to the box,” former employee Tory Stokes said. “Maybe you should slow down eating. Nobody eats chicken with utensils.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report
MELBOURNE has officially signed talented basketballer Corey Maynard to a one year contract as a Category B rookie.
The 24-year-old has been recruited via the three-year-non-registered rule which allows a player straight onto a list if he has not been registered in an Australian Football competition for three years.
Maynard, who is 191cm, played four years of College basketball in the United States at the division 1 level with Bryant University in Rhode Island.
Corey Maynard puts pen to paper, signing the contract on Wednesday at AAMI Park with Todd Viney and Jason Taylor (Photo: Matthew Goodrope)
He most recently played two years in the NBL, with both the Cairns Taipans and the Townsville Crocs.
Maynard also represented Australia as part of the emerging Boomers squad.
Prior to his basketball career, Maynard played football until U 16's at both local and international level.
Described as a highly competitive and physical type of player, Maynard has a strong family connection to the AFL/VFL.
He is the brother of Brayden Maynard, who currently plays for the Collingwood Football Club. Their father, Peter played eight games for Melbourne between 1978 and 1981 and 216 games for Glenelg and Woodville/West Torrens between 1982 and 1991.
Maynard is also the grandson of Graham Campbell who played 151 games for Fitzroy, and won a Best and Fairest in 1957 before going on to become a member of the Fitzroy Hall of Fame.
After a number of years playing basketball, Maynard said he is looking forward to making the switch back to AFL.
“I played footy while I was growing up and it was my number one sport for a long time so I'm really excited to get stuck into it.
“It was a really positive journey that I had in basketball but it was getting to the point where I was getting to the age that if I really wanted to give footy a crack, I had to think about making the switch and I'm really happy with the decision.
“It will take a lot of time and I'm realistic about that but I'm [also] really excited about the opportunity.”
Corey Maynard poses for the photo after signing his contract on Wednesday (Photo: Matthew Goodrope)
Maynard is Melbourne's second Category B rookie signing after Joel Smith joined the club at the end of 2015.
National recruiting manager Jason Taylor said he is excited at the prospect of having Maynard on the list after tracking his progress over the past three years.
“Part of [my] role is to be looking outside of the square and the Category B gives us that opportunity.
“In Corey's case, it's not unlike Joel Smith in that he played football as a junior but was a highly talented basketballer.
“He went to Bryant University in the States where he ended up being the captain [of his basketball team] in his second year so it was that competitive nature he had [that stood out to us] and he had shown some good qualities as a footballer in his student days in Adelaide."
Brayden Maynard (left), Peter Maynard, Corey Maynard (right) and Corey and Brayden's Grandfather Graham Campbell get their photo taken
Astronauts created a back door for the International Space Station (ISS) on Friday, which will someday enable commercial space shuttles to dock.
During a spacewalk on Friday, NASA's Commander Jeff Williams and Flight Engineer Kate Rubins installed the first of two docking adapters where crews riding with Boeing and SpaceX will soon disembark.
The newly named "international docking adapter's" installation marks another step forward in commercial space travel, where steadily advancing technology in the last two years has opened up real potential for life both here and in the skies.
"It's really good we have an international standard now that anybody can build against and come dock to the station or to anything that has the same standard," David Clemen, Boeing's development director for the space station, said in a NASA press release.
The dock uses unprecedented open-source technology so anyone can build to it. This design strategy hints at how space travel will operate as it enters a new era of commercial development.
"A new interface standard out in the public domain for anyone to build to that standard will stimulate competition and stimulate technology," NASA program manager Shaun Kelley said in an interview on NASA TV. "We're entering a commercial sector now. Any company in the world, any country in the world, can build to that standard and be sure that they can be compatible with us."
The adapter precedes NASA's shift from transporting ISS-bound astronauts via Russian Soyuz rockets, as it has done since 2012, to a new model of using US commercial shuttles. Switching to US companies Boeing and SpaceX frees NASA from an expensive transportation plan with Russia that costs taxpayers $70 million per ride. Set for 2018, the plan suggests how soon commercial space travel could become a reality.
"Never before in the history of human spaceflight has there been so much going on all at once," said John Elbon, the vice president and general manager for space exploration at Boeing, during a 2015 briefing on NASA's commercial crew program.
Space travel operations are already speeding up back on terra firma. One sign of the uptick is the packed 2016 schedule for Cape Canaveral, where private companies, the military, ISS cargo loads, and NASA operations are jostling for time on the launch pad. Private space companies such as SpaceX and United Launch Alliance planned more than 30 launches from Florida alone in 2016, nearly double the 2015 schedule.
"The last time we saw 30-plus launches would have been back in the 1960s," Dale Ketcham of the Space Florida economic development agency told Reuters.
The advance is not without complications. Some space observers on the international scene expressed dismay after Congress passed a bill in late 2015 to regulate space mining, betting that travel and exploration will soon fall under the purview of US companies, not just governments. Some said the law violates the universalist spirit of the 1967 Outer Space Treaty and needs further discussion, wrote Jeff Foust for the Space Review.
"Asteroid mining is cool. Everyone thinks it's cool. But is it legal?" asked Jim Dunstan, founder of the Mobius Legal Group, during a May panel on the issue. "These are the tough scenarios that we've really got to work through as we talk about policy," he said, according to Space Review.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
But technology's rapid advance will bring those "tough scenarios" to the forefront quickly in the coming years. For example, after many failed attempts, companies are learning to reuse rockets in a cost-effective manner, as the Christian Science Monitor's Pete Spotts previously reported:
NASA's space shuttle program was an initial attempt at developing a fleet of reusable vehicles for human spaceflight, as well as for launching and servicing satellites. But over its 30-year history, it never delivered on its architects' initial promises. Initial estimates suggested that each flight would cost as little as $9 million and the cost of carrying cargo would be $118 per pound. By the end of the program, each flight cost about $1.5 billion, and cargo cost about $10,000 per pound. Now, privately-owned aerospace companies owned by wealthy visionaries are taking up the challenge, free of Wall Street demands for quick returns on investment or of the intense scrutiny of annual federal budget cycles.
As technology makes space exploration appear more practical, some also see the economic potential that Star Trek's iconic "final frontier" could offer to our already-mapped planet. Moon Express, an entrant in the Google Lunar XPRIZE competition, expresses the commercial aim of many companies seeking to explore the moon's natural resources to facilitate deeper space travel.
"We believe it's critical for humanity to become a multi-world species and that our sister world, the Moon, is an eighth continent holding vast resources than can help us enrich and secure our future," writes Moon Express on the prize website.
As the 10-man patrol picked its way down the lakeside track, the pine forest ahead suddenly erupted with gunfire.
The Ukrainian troops took cover and fired back at their unseen ambushers, throwing smoke grenades to cover their retreat, while bandaging up a wounded comrade writhing on the ground.
Moments later, as armoured personnel carriers sped to their rescue, the men clambered aboard and departed to be debriefed by British Army teachers watching the drill from a nearby rise.
In Western Ukraine , a small force of British trainers is trying to teach the beleaguered Ukrainian army battlefield skills that will keep them alive against more heavily-armed Russian-backed separatists.
But British soldiers of 1st Bn The Yorkshire Regiment and 4 Armoured Medical Regiments are finding they can also learn from their pupils. Troops who have spent a decade honing skills against lightly-armed Taliban fighters and their roadside bombs are learning from those who have spent a year facing the very different threat of Vladimir Putin's tanks and heavy artillery.
WO2 Steven Harrison, company sergeant major, said: “We try to learn as much from them as we are trying to teach them.
“We have never been to war with an overmatched force before. Wherever we have been, we have always been the better equipped, better manpowered, better disciplined army, so some of the lessons that they have been learning are things that we can definitely understand ourselves and get back into our training cycle.”
Around 75 British troops have already trained 1,000 Ukrainians in life-saving battlefield medicine and basic infantry tactics. Courses are being widened to include new lessons in urban combat, dealing with mines and building stronger fortifications. The aim is to have taught 2,000 by the end of the year.
“It is relaxed but we have very sharply in mind that the guys that we are training are going to be at high-end operations pretty soon after,” said the 38-year-old from Barnsley.
“They are in a pretty difficult fight.”
During their lessons, the British troops can point to years of hard-earned experience in Afghanistan, but the Ukrainians see that as a very different conflict.
He said: “They definitely see, rightly or wrongly, Afghanistan and Iraq as a peacekeeping mission. They don't see it as how we see it, the sharp end.”
Kiev has asked without success for the West to supply arms including anti-tank weapons. The Ukrainian troops being taught at Zhytomyr, two hours drive west of Kiev and 500 miles from the heavy fighting around Donetsk, are also not content with defensive lessons.
“They have asked us to teach offensive tactics, but we are not in that field, it's defensive tactics we are teaching and how to preserve life,” said Lt Col Paul Kinkaid, a training specialist with the Adjutant General's Corps.
Drills honed in Afghanistan in the face of Helmand's homemade bombs may not be suitable for eastern Ukraine, where the great threat is artillery and snipers, he said.
“The Ukrainians weren't lacking anything, they are a credible armed force, but they want different ways of doing business.
“Some of our drills have been very deliberate because the threat that we focused on in Afghanistan was from improvised explosive devices, so they were slower than they need to be here.
“Obstacle crossing, for example a bridge, was very slow, very deliberate because in Afghanistan it would be a choke point where IEDs could be laid, whereas the Ukrainians don't have that time.
“They say that at the front line if they are exposed for more than 11 minutes they can start to get hit by artillery.”
The Ukrainian soldiers learning these first courses will themselves become instructors for their comrades.
One Ukrainian officer, who said he went by the nom de guerre of Maj Zam, said: “The best thing is the methodical nature of the training. We want to see less theory and more practice.”
Asked about whether it would improve the Ukrainian forces, he said: “In terms of the whole country, I hope there should be an improvement, because it cannot get much worse.”
Preparation
Waivers
All participants and spectators must sign a waiver in order to gain entry to the event.
Save time: print and sign your waiver before arriving on site. Waivers will be posted in this page week before event weekend.
Day-of Event Registration
On-site participant registration will be based upon space available.
Start Times
If members of the same team are assigned to different start times, the entire team is permitted to join the latest start time assigned to a team member. Participants may not move to an earlier start time.
PLEASE NOTE: Wherever possible, participants have been assigned to the closest available start time to what they requested when registering for the event. However, due to demand, participants may find that they are not in the start group time they had requested. Please do not contact us requesting a time change.
What to Bring On Event Day
Tickets
Either print your EventBrite ticket(s) or download the EventBrite app to display your tickets on your phone when you arrive at check-in.
Signed Waiver
Print and sign your waiver before arriving on-site. This will speed up your check-in process.
Photo ID
A valid photo ID is required to verify your registration. Your ID must have your picture. You will not be allowed in without proper identification, defined as a government-issued ID with name, signature, photo and birth date such as a driver's license or passport. Don't leave your ID in the car – you'll have to go back and get it.
Cash
Bring a pocket full of cash for concessions, beer & merchandise. ATMs will be available in the base area, but we strongly recommend you bring cash with you - ATM service could be interrupted, leaving you sad and hungry.
The U.S. Climate Alliance announced that Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oregon, Puerto Rico, Rhode Island, Vermont and Virginia have all joined the coalition, which is committed to upholding the Paris Accord and taking aggressive action on climate change.
In response to President Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris Accord, Washington Gov. Jay Inslee, New York Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, and California Gov. Edmund G. Brown Jr. formed the Alliance to convene U.S. states committed to achieving the U.S. goal of reducing emissions 26-28 percent from 2005 levels and meeting or exceeding the targets of the federal Clean Power Plan.
With input from all participants, the U.S. Climate Alliance will also act as a forum to sustain and strengthen existing climate programs, promote the sharing of information and best practices, and implement new programs to reduce carbon emissions from all sectors of the economy.
"Those of us who understand science and feel the urgency of protecting our children's air and water are as united as ever in confronting one of the greatest challenges of our lifetime,” Gov. Jay Inslee said. “Our collective efforts to act on climate will ensure we maintain the United State's commitment to curb carbon pollution while advancing a clean energy economy that will bring good-paying jobs to America's workers."
“The President has already said climate change is a hoax, which is the exact opposite of virtually all scientific and worldwide opinion,” California Gov. Edmund G. Brown, Jr. said. “I don't believe fighting reality is a good strategy – not for America, not for anybody. If the President is going to be AWOL in this profoundly important human endeavor, then California and other states will step up.”
“As the federal government turns its back on the environment, New York and states across the country are picking up the mantle of climate leadership and showing the world it's possible to address climate change while also creating good-paying careers,” New York Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said. “The U.S. Climate Alliance is committed to meeting the standards set forth in the Paris Accord regardless of Washington's irresponsible actions. We welcome these 9 new members and look forward to collaborating and maintaining the momentum in the global effort to protect our planet, while jumpstarting the clean energy economy.”
“Connecticut has been a national leader in combating climate change and we have no plans of slowing down our efforts,” Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. Malloy said. “In the absence of leadership from the White House in addressing climate change, it is incumbent upon the states to take action in order to protect their residents. We remain committed to meeting the standards set forth in the Paris Climate Agreement because it is the right thing to do for not only the future of our state, but for the future of our planet. I am proud to stand with my fellow governors in support of efforts to reverse the harmful effects of global warming and to send a message to the rest of the world that we accept the science of climate change and we will not let the misguided beliefs of a few ruins our planet.”
"Delaware is the country's lowest-lying state and with 381 miles of coastline, climate change is a very real threat to our future,” Delaware Gov. John Carney said. "As sea levels rise, more than 17,000 Delaware homes, nearly 500 miles of roadway and thousands of acres of wildlife habitat including our critical wetlands are at risk of permanent inundation. Rising average temperatures and an increase in extreme weather events also pose health risks to Delawareans, and threaten our economy. The U.S. should lead in the global fight against climate change. Delaware is proud to join this coalition of states providing that necessary leadership."
“As the Commonwealth reiterates its commitment to exceed the emission reduction targets of the Paris Climate Agreement, today we join the U.S. Climate Alliance to expand on our efforts while partnering with other states to combat climate change,” Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker said. “After speaking with Governors Cuomo and Scott, our administration looks forward to continued, bipartisan collaboration with other states to protect the environment, grow the economy and deliver a brighter future to the next generation."
"I am very pleased to announce that Minnesota will join the U.S. Climate Alliance, to uphold the tenets of the Paris Climate Change Agreement in our state," Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton said. "President Trump's withdrawal will cause serious damage to our environment and our economy. Nevertheless, Minnesota and other states will show the world what we can achieve by working together to conserve energy, to use cleaner and renewable energy, and to leave a livable planet to our children and grandchildren."
“The ‘America First' doctrine should put our children first too," Oregon Gov. Kate Brown said. “Future generations deserve to inherit a world they can thrive in, not one that plays politics and ignores the fact our climate is changing. Despite the decision by the White House to retreat, it is our moral obligation to fulfill the goals of the Paris Agreement. Oregon will continue to make meaningful strides, with the rest of the world, to ensure our communities and economies adapt to meet the challenge of climate change."
“Climate change is a real problem for all and requires immediate action to ensure future generations are left with a sustainable planet,” Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rosselló said. Our administration is committed to protecting the environment. As a Governor, who is also a scientist, I value science and data as primary tools in the decision making process. As such, I strongly oppose the withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. Our administration understands that all policy decisions, even those perceived to being small, can have big, lasting effects on our planet. Puerto Rico, an Island that 3.4 million American Citizens call home, would suffer greatly from the devastating effects of rising sea levels. But we all stand to lose if we don't take meaningful action right now. We call upon all public officials across our nation to continue to support rules and regulations that protect our environment. As most of the world moves forward, our nation cannot sit idle and lag behind.”
"President Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement was a tremendous mistake. Rhode Island may be a small state, but climate change can have a big impact on our communities," Rhode Island Gov. Gina M. Raimondo said. "We are determined to fight climate change from the front lines so that we can preserve our environment - including our Narragansett Bay - for future generations and create good-paying, future-proof jobs in the process. I'm proud to join Governors Cuomo, Brown and Inslee in this effort and hope other governors - from both parties - join as well."
“Growing our economy and protecting our environment by supporting cleaner and more affordable energy and transportation choices can go together,” Vermont Gov. Phil Scott said. “If our national government isn't willing to lead in this area, the states are prepared to step up and lead. I look forward to supporting continued bipartisan cooperation on these matters and thank Governor Baker, Governor Inslee, Governor Cuomo and Governor Brown for working collaboratively on this important issue.”
“As the first state in the Trump era to take executive action to limit carbon emissions and create clean energy jobs, Virginia is proud to join the Climate Alliance,” Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe said. “President Trump's announcement to withdraw the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement does not speak for the states and cities that are committed to fighting climate change and paving the way for a new energy economy. If the federal government insists on abdicating leadership on this issue, it will be up to the American people to step forward - and in Virginia we are doing just that."
The Sheldrake - McKenna - Abraham Trialogues
These trialogues are from a series of lively, far-reaching discussions between Rupert and his close friends Ralph Abraham and Terence McKenna, that took place between 1989 and 1998, in America and England.
These three-way conversations began in private after their first meeting in 1982. Encouraged by their similar fascinations and complimentary views, and inspired by the synergy of their ideas and styles and the input of differing areas of expertise, the three friends continued to meet and explore new areas of thought. Throughout their public trialogues, which began in 1989, they maintained the spontaneous, playful and intrepid spirit of their private talks, and were thrilled that these explorations inspired further discussions amongst their audiences. Their trialogues and friendship have been a source of great inspiration and stimulation for their own lives and work.
In their first set of public trialogues, held as a workshop at Esalen in 1989, they explored aspects of the world soul from the perspectives of chaos, creativity and imagination, and discussed many topics including: light and vision; the psilocybin mushroom; the unconscious; entities; the resacralization of the world; the reform of the educational system and the Apocalypse.
Their second series of trialogues examined evolution in all its forms, through new topics that included: grassroots science; psychedelics, computers and mathematics; psychic animals; the World Wide Web; celestial intelligences; the nature of time and the evolving mind.
Edited transcripts of many of their first series of trialogues are published in the book Chaos, Creativity, and Cosmic Consciousness (originally published as Trialogues at the Edge of the West), and many of those from their second series can be found in The Evolutionary Mind.
Terence McKenna was an ethnopharmacologist, shamanologist, and author, known for his theories on plant hallucinogens and the novelty wave, and the bardic skill with which he conveyed his ideas. Sadly Terence died aged 53 on April 3, 2000.
Ralph Abraham, PhD, is a Professor of Mathematics at the University of California, Santa Cruz, author, and pioneer in the fields of Chaos theory, computer graphics, visual mathematics and dynamical systems.
Latest Conversation Between Rupert Sheldrake and Ralph Abraham A conversation with Ralph Abraham in London in December 2015. We discuss recent consciousness research, and in particular a conference in India at the Institute of Advanced Studies in Bangalore, and a symposium in England on psychedelics, focussing on the visionary effects of DMT and ayahuasca.
Paddy Rose Price was the trialogues editor.
The Trialogues
If you cringe at the thought of going for a run in the morning or hitting the gym during your free time, don't worry because you're most probably not alone. Despite our acknowledgement to the fact that exercise is great for our bodies and overall health, we can't just bring ourselves to warm up to it because it requires our efforts, time, strength, and more efforts. It's hard work we're not ready to commit into because we think there are other things that require more of our time and priority.
The truth is we don't need to spend much time exercising. As briefly as 30 minutes daily can do; if we're accepting as other fitness enthusiasts out there, 30 minutes is nothing if you spend it on sustaining your health. What other things can be more important than your health, right?
Here are things you can do to make exercise as fun and worthwhile:
1. Making it a habit
Eliminate your process of thinking whether to exercise or not. If you have free time, don't think about it. Just do it. You'll feel better afterwards about it anyway. The more you incorporate exercising into your lifestyle, the greater chance it'll become a habit, which makes it easier for you to get up and get moving.
2. Finding a partner
Going to the gym with a friend sets the tone for a fun workout. If your friend is someone who's devoted to fitness and overall health, you'll also have someone to encourage you when your motivation isn't enough to lift your physical and mental will to exercise.
3. Adjusting your challenge level
If you're just starting, you need to create challenge in your goals that won't overwhelm you. If you set highly challenging objectives, it results with you not knowing what to do and how to do it that you end up leaving the gym or just quitting. Don't allow yourself to feel burdened by exercise because that will end up with you hating it. On the other hand, if you set activities that aren't challenging at all, you end up getting bored, which also results to you quitting.
4. Setting goals
Set your fitness goals by beating your previous track records in any activities or workouts you engage yourself with. This may be the distance you've ran, push-ups you've done, or weights you've lifted. Whatever you've accomplished, you have to work harder to surpass your prior accomplishments. This is a great way to challenge yourself and have fun at the same time.
5. Don't be self-conscious
When you're worried about what other people in the gym might think about your body, you're not able to give it your best because you're too self-conscious, which doesn't help you or anybody. Plus, it hinders you from focusing and enjoying workout. Teach yourself to get past it and eventually get used to it. When you do, you'll concentrate more on your workout than the people around you.
6. Exploring other routines
Doing the same routine over and over results to boredom. Spice your workout regimen by mixing it up and trying other exercises. There are so many options. You just need to know them. If you're not into running or lifting weights, try dancing or martial arts. There are several alternatives available, really, you don't have an excuse.
7. Listening to music
This shouldn't be surprising, but music is helpful when it comes to giving you that extra boost of energy when working out. It improves your mood, too, so you're more likely become friendly to the idea of getting all pumped up for the sake of health and fitness. Running with music is twice enjoyable than without it. It helps you keep going.
8. Doing short exercises
If you're one of those that rarely has time to exercise, you can still engage in brief workouts that can last for around 20-30 minutes. This is also ideal for those people that don't have much stamina to exercise for an hour. Shorter exercises can even be more efficient than the longer ones as long as the intensity is greater and you concentrate better. As a matter of fact, working out for 1-2 hours can result to the body going into a condition where more workouts can decrease physical enhancements.
9. Blowing off steam
Exercising doe not just improve your body it also helps with your mind. A lot of people go to the gym even when it's not their schedule solely for the purpose of blowing off steam. By now surely you've already heard that exercising also releases serotonin in the brain, which makes you feel better. If you're used to using your gym time or workout time as means of releasing negative emotions, it will be so.
10. Allotting time
You surely have time for exercise, it's just a matter of making it one of your priorities. Besides, you don't go around feeling guilty because you've spent some time working out. You actually feel good afterwards because you knew you spent your free time on something that's for your fitness and health. You may be enjoying binge watching or playing video games for hours, but most of the time you don't feel good about it, especially if you know yourself that you need to make lifestyle changes.
Police stand guard as members of the anti-gay caucus gather outside the Parliament while chanting slogans against the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community in Kenya's capital Nairobi July 6, 2015. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Dozens of Kenyans rallied in Nairobi on Monday against homosexuality and a lawmaker said U.S. President Barack Obama should not push a pro-gay agenda when he visits the country later this month.
Obama has hailed last month's U.S. Supreme Court decision to allow same-sex marriage but few share his views in Kenya or other African countries, where more socially and religiously conservative views generally prevail.
“We are telling Mr Obama when he comes to Kenya this month and he tries to bring the abortion agenda, the gay agenda, we shall tell him to shut up and go home,” lawmaker Irungu Kangata told the demonstrators outside parliament.
Many of the Nairobi demonstrators wore t-shirts with the slogans “Protect the family match” and “Stand with the family”.
In most of Africa's 54 countries, lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people have to hide their sexual orientation for fear of persecution or criminal prosecution. South Africa is the only African country that permits gay or lesbian marriage.
Deputy President William Ruto told a church congregation in May that Kenya had “no room for gays”. The comment was made the same day that U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrived in Nairobi for talks.
Anti-gay remarks by African leaders often win public support but put them at odds with Western donors who provide valuable economic and other support to the continent.
African gay rights activists have called for Obama to show solidarity with them during his trip to Kenya and Ethiopia, which is expected to start on July 25.
The White House has said one focus of Obama's trip will be to encourage entrepreneurship.
The Dominican Republic has taken a drastic step backwards for women's human rights as the Constitutional Court struck down reforms to the Penal Code that would have decriminalized abortion in certain cases, Amnesty International warned today.
After last night's decision overturned a tranche of penal code reforms adopted last year, the current code, which dates back to 1884, will remain in force. The code denies women and girls access to abortion in all circumstances, and criminalizes them for seeking one, even in cases of rape or incest, where a pregnancy poses a risk to a woman's or girl's life or health, or where a foetus will be unable to survive outside the womb.
This decision takes women's and girls' human rights back to the 19th century. Its impact will be catastrophic for women and girls in the Dominican Republic who will continue to be criminalized, stigmatized and forced to seek out unsafe abortions because they are denied access to safe and legal medical treatment. Erika Guevara Rosas, Americas Director at Amnesty International Share this Twitter
Facebook
Email
“This decision takes women's and girls' human rights back to the 19th century,” said Erika Guevara Rosas, Americas Director at Amnesty International.
“Its impact will be catastrophic for women and girls in the Dominican Republic who will continue to be criminalized, stigmatized and forced to seek out unsafe abortions because they are denied access to safe and legal medical treatment.”
The penal code reforms were due to take effect on 19 December, a year after being passed by the Dominican Republic's Congress and approved by President Danilo Medina. But, following an appeal by three religious and conservative pressure groups earlier this year alleging procedural errors, amongst other things, the Court deemed the reforms unconstitutional.
Amnesty International and several other national and international NGOs filed amicus curiae briefs to the Court which pointed out the country's international legal obligations.
The groups also stated that “the Inter-American Court, as the only authorized interpreter of the American Convention on Human Rights, has established that the protection to the right to life is not absolute and cannot be used to justify the denial of other rights. Faced with conflicting rights, it would be possible to invoke exceptions to the protection of the right to life from the moment of conception.”
The UN Committee Against Torture and several international committees on human rights have found that, in certain circumstances, denial of access to abortion services can lead to physical or mental suffering that amounts to torture or ill-treatment. The committees have also established that the total ban on abortion denies women's right to non-discrimination and equality in the enjoyment of other human rights.
Background
The comprehensive reform of the Dominican Republic's penal code was promulgated by President Danilo Medina on 19 December 2014. It followed almost a decade of political and societal debate, but the articles regulating exceptions in the criminalization of abortion were the most contentious.
Last year, President Medina vetoed the law reforming the penal code passed by Congress which maintained the pre-existing ban on abortion in all circumstances. Instead, he promoted decriminalization of abortion in three circumstances, which Congress then included in the final version of the penal code reforms which was adopted on 16 December 2014 before being sent to the President.
In trying to work out what actually makes a good lesson people's opinions vary. Some like students to have fun. Some maintain that all objectives must be met, whereas some simply expect the students to be safe!
In deciding what actually does make a good lesson it seemed a simplistic starting point to look at Ofsted's definition of a good lesson. We all know how lengthy Ofsted's documents can be so I have decided to summarise their definition whilst giving some practical ideas:
1. All students make satisfactory progress; most make good progress. Progress needs to be monitored throughout the lesson. There are various ways to do this - using question/answer, discussion etc. However, Ofsted like you to prove that progress is being made so tasks must assess each student. One example is to use A4 sized whiteboards and ask questions. You can count "1... 2... 3... show" (and all students have to display their boards). This allows you to quickly assess how much progress is being made as well as assessing students understanding.
2. Most students know what they are doing and why. This needs to be regularly checked. It can be done through question and answer, small group tasks, discussion etc. It is imperative that instructions from yourself are clear, concise and effective. You can often gauge this at the end by asking students to write on a post-it note what they have and have not understood. These can then be placed on the board for you to view.
3. Students behave well - little time is lost to behavioural issues. Challenge lateness immediately and continually check that students remain on task. Pose questions to potentially disruptive students and to engage them where possible. One example is to use sporting scenarios to teach Maths, English etc.
4. The classroom is a friendly and safe place - relationships are good. Fiedler suggested that a relationship style of leadership is best for moderately favourable situations (i.e. moderately favourable environment, resources, student motivation etc). He argued in very good or very bad situations the teacher should focus clearly on getting tasks done without worrying about relationships. Fiedler suggested that a relationship style of leadership is best for moderately favourable situations (i.e. moderately favourable environment, resources, student motivation etc). He argued in very good or very bad situations the teacher should focus clearly on getting tasks done without worrying about relationships. However, the safety of students is paramount. Quite simply, NO chances can be taken!!
5. The teacher knows his/her subject and strategies for teaching it well; the teaching methods used are appropriate for the content. Ofsted have an obvious expectation that the subject knowledge of the teacher is extensive. If you are teaching A Level, don't place yourself in difficult situations. NEVER guess the answer to potentially problematic student questions. Either set it for them to find out as a homework task or explain that you don't want to 'fob them off' and will double-check the answer before giving them an answer later! Ofsted have an obvious expectation that the subject knowledge of the teacher is extensive. If you are teaching A Level, don't place yourself in difficult situations. NEVER guess the answer to potentially problematic student questions. Either set it for them to find out as a homework task or explain that you don't want to 'fob them off' and will double-check the answer before giving them an answer later! Use different styles of teaching. Command style is needed with difficult groups or if you are short on time. However, self-discovery (albeit time consuming) can leave a lasting impression on students.
6. The teaching is well-matched to the learners' needs; most are stretched by the teaching. Differentiation is a must! A basic expectation of students must exist but always have an extension task up your sleeve. As a tip, don't let the clever students know that an extension task is available. Wait until they have finished and spring the surprise!
7. The teacher encourages and praises frequently. Praise can be written, gestured, verbal etc. Positive reinforcement of behaviour, answers and excellence has been proven to be the best way to ensure that similar results happen again. Keep students behind - they will think they are getting told off - and explain to them you didn't want to embarrass them... you just wanted to say well done. A personal touch will work and will be appreciated.
8. Available resources (time, staff etc) are well used. Ofsted love use of varying resources. Feel free to make your own resources (and Ofsted love use of varying resources. Feel free to make your own resources (and sell them on Help Me Teach !) but don't be scared to make use of quick reinforcement. YouTube has a wealth of clips which are free and easy and, as long as you have vetted them for suitability, this can reinforce things in a quirky, fun way.
9. Assessment is regular and supports progress - most pupils know what they need to do to improve. In looking at the first point above, don't forget to have a simple question in your head: 'Can I prove that my lesson is being understood?' Assessment should not only be at the end! As a simple idea, get students to draw a picture around their hand and write answers on their fingers or palm. You can quickly see who has and hasn't filled their fingers!
We hope this was of help to you in constructing your next lesson. If you have any more tips, please share them in the Comments section below - we'd love to hear what works for you!
A mere twelve days after President Trump was sworn into office, the Associated Press (AP) published what would have been a startling report—if it were true. The report claimed that “President Donald Trump threatened in a phone call with his Mexican counterpart to send U.S. troops to stop ‘bad hombres down there' unless the Mexican military does more to control them.”
The AP quoted a portion of what it claimed was “an excerpt of a transcript of the conversation” that it had obtained:
“You have a bunch of bad hombres down there,' Trump told Pena Nieto, according to the excerpt given to AP. ‘You aren't doing enough to stop them. I think your military is scared. Our military isn't, so I just might send them down to take care of it.”
The only problem is that quotes are both inaccurate and severely taken out of context, according to the full transcript of the phone call, which was recently obtained and published by The Washington Post. If the transcripts are accurate, then it reveals a journalistic failure on behalf of the AP, and would suggest they were duped.
Here's the passage from which the AP's excerpt likely took (portions of which I've bolded to indicate the portions that most resemble the AP's quotes):
“So we have a lot of problems with Mexico farther than the economic problem. We are becoming a drug-addicted nation and most the drugs are coming from Mexico or certainly from the southern border. But I will say this – you have that problem too. You have some pretty tough hombres in Mexico that you may need help with, and we are willing to help you with that big-league. But they have to be knocked out and you have not done a good job of knocking them out. We have a massive drug problem where kids are becoming addicted to drugs because drugs are being sold for less money than candy because there is so much of it. So we have to work together to knock that out. And I know this is a tough group of people, and maybe your military is afraid of them, but our military is not afraid of them, and we will help you with that 100 percent because it is out of control – totally out of control.”
As the transcript reveals, large portions of the conversation were omitted from the purported excerpt given to the AP. Not only that, but the excerpt given to the AP did not even contain accurate quotes, the impact of which was an entirely anti-contextual depiction of the conversation.
Even though the AP readily admitted that “[t]he excerpt of the call did not detail who exactly Trump considered ‘bad hombres,' nor did it make clear the tone and context of the remark,” nor did it “contain Mexican President Enrique Nieto's response,” the AP still ran with it anyway. Perhaps the first sign that the story should not have run was, as the AP said, that the “person with access to the official transcript of the phone call provided only that portion of the conversation” to the AP.
Contrary to the AP's report, President Trump did not “threaten[] . . . to send U.S. troops” to stop “bad hombres” in Mexico. Instead President Trump offered military assistance in fighting drug cartels. A subtle difference, but still one that changes the tone of the conversation.
Moreover, the AP did not even get the word modifying “hombres” correct. The Post transcript suggests the President said “tough hombres,” not “bad hombres.” The distinction is subtle, but noteworthy. In most contexts, “tough” is more complementary than “bad.” But it can also be used negatively, to be sure. For example, in 1999 when he was considering running for President as a member of the Reform Party, The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported that Trump “called Russian President Boris Yeltsin ‘a disaster' and ‘one tough hombre' who suffers from ‘a major alcohol problem.”
President Trump also did not assert that Mexico's military was “scared,” but rather pondered the possibility that it was scared as an explanation for the seeming lack of advancement in the fight against the drug cartels. Again, a subtle, but still significant, difference.
Prior to the release of the transcripts, President Trump's call to the Mexican president was portrayed as confirming Trump's bad temperament. But the full context of the conversation reveals that such a characterization, implied in the AP's report, is unwarranted.
In an age where many right-leaning Americans feel victimized by the national press corps, the AP is not helping the case the broader press is trying to make in the wake of the 2016 election, which is that the press is objective, neutral, and fair in its political coverage. Moreover, even though some might consider this mistake “small” in scope, it is not small to those who have already lost faith in the press as an institution.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected].
Bobby Brown Family Shooting Reality Show During Bobbi Kristina Crisis
Bobby Brown's Family Shooting Reality Show During Bobbi Kristina Crisis
EXCLUSIVE
Bobby Brown's family is grieving over the dire circumstances surrounding Bobbi Kristina ... and we've learned they're also shooting a reality show.
Sources connected with the production tell TMZ ... Bobby's 2 sisters, brother and their kids are shooting the show about their lives, and part of it will chronicle Bobbi Kristina fighting for her life.
Bobby's lawyer tells TMZ his client will NOT appear on the show.
Bobby's sisters have a history. Leolah is the one who went on the record blaming Ray J for Whitney Houston's death, claiming he fatally fueled her cocaine habit.
Tina is the one who did a sit-down interview and claimed she did crack with Whitney. Tina and Shayne are also the ones who fought at a hotel near the hospital. She hit her son Shayne with a bottle. It's unclear if that will be on the show.
It appears that they have not shot video in the hospital, but we're told they have regular debriefs at home on camera where they talk about the tragedy.
I'm Kahega Amielden, and this will be my first entry for Accidentally the Whole Frigate. I will make my introduction brief – I have been a friend of Petrus Blackshell since he began flying, and not too long ago I was invited to share my own insights here.
Today, I am going to look at one of the most underused ships among the capsuleer population, and one that is perhaps one of my favorites: the Cormorant.
The Cormorant is the Caldari destroyer, and the role intended for it is rather obvious. It receives extremely significant range bonuses to hybrid turrets, and railguns are already the longest-ranged weapon system in the universe. When fit with railguns, perhaps using its plentiful midslots for tracking computers and the like, can put out great damage at absurd ranges.
This entry, however, is not about that use of the Cormorant. When fighting other capsuleers, knowledge is everything. One of the hallmarks of a good pilot is target selection – being able to know when you can win, and when you need to run away. To do this, you take advantage of the fact that most ship fits are rather predictable.
and will waste the ship's projectile tracking and damage bonuses. A pilot about to engage a Rifter will know almost exactly what he's up against. This will enable him to either exploit the Rifter's weaknesses or decide that he cannot win and refuse to engage. For example, a Rifter is almost always going to be fit with autocannons. Artillery Rifters do poor damage and are harder on your fitting resources (powergrid and CPU), and putting lasers or hybrid weapons on the Rifter will both be harsh on fitting resourceswill waste the ship's projectile tracking and damage bonuses. A pilot about to engage a Rifter will know almost exactly what he's up against. This will enable him to either exploit the Rifter's weaknesses or decide that he cannot win and refuse to engage.
This is an Incursus with a shield hardener and a sensor booster running.
You will never, ever see this. I hope.
Another factor at work is that most capsuleers are very susceptible to popularity. Certain ships are significantly more popular than others, and not always justifiably. As excellent as it is at its role, few serious capsuleers fly the Cormorant.
So what happens when an enemy frigate pilot sees a Cormorant on his scanner? He'll either think the pilot incompetent and engage for an easy kill, or suspect a sniping fit and try to get close where such fits are vulnerable. What if this Cormorant pilot were to use his enemy's presumptiveness against him?
The above is a favorite fit of Petrus and I. Note that while it does have railguns, it uses its midslots for tackle and has an optimal range of under 15km. – definitely not the sniper fit I suggested above. Note the two stasis webifiers which allow me to keep the target anywhere I want him to be within 10km (or 13km if they are overheated).
So what happens when a capsuleer frigate comes in on this Cormorant? He'll try to get in close so that the railguns have trouble hitting and he can quickly melt through the fragile tank. In practice, as soon as he gets to that 10km mark, the webs will turn on and he will be effectively stationary and helpless.
Many times, this is so surprising to the pilot that they cannot figure out what they should do. If this Retribution had quickly swapped to Scorch (long range pulse laser ammo) when he saw that he would be unable to get point blank, I would have melted quickly – he would have had at least as much range and damage as me with much greater tank. But he didn't. He sat there, confused, while I burned through his armor. This brings up another important point: Being able to think on your feet is what distinguishes a good pilot from a poor one.
The interesting part is that outside of taking advantage of peoples' misconceptions of what a Cormorant is, the fit itself is pretty poor. It has no hope of killing anything bigger than another destroyer, and with an afterburner it's too slow to catch anything that doesn't want to be caught. Pilots who would choose to engage would load long range ammo before hand, and be ready to shred it at the only range it can fight at.
after The only redeeming quality to the fit is that it is deceptive, and yet it has met with success success for an investment of under 3 million ISK per ship.
The lesson is clear: information is one of the most potent tools available to you. Making sure you know what you're up against is crucial, and preventing your enemy from doing the same is deadly.
Do you want to increase strength and power, while torching body fat too? Here's a two-sessions per week programme (used on non-consecutive days) that not only improves body composition, but also builds athletic ability.
Each session consists of two circuits; firstly a short plyometric power circuit (speed), and secondly a power (speed-strength) and strength-endurance metabolic circuit. The plyometric circuit volume remains consistent for the programme, whereas the metabolic circuit progresses week by week (see the relevant tables). If you want to lose body fat while using this programme, aim to under-eat by about 500 calories every day.
Session 1
Plyo Circuit
Go flat-out, maximum power/speed on every individual repetition.
1a) 5x Squat jumps (static launch with knees flexed to 90 degrees)
1b) 10x Medicine ball slams
Repeat 3-times though, rest as long as required to maintain maximum speed
Jump Squats
Medicine Ball Slams
Power/Strength Metabolic Circuit
2a) 5x Dumbbell snatch (per side)
2b) 8x per side Dumbbell lateral squats
2c) 8x Dumbbell push-up rows
2d) 8x per side Dumbbell Russian twist
Rest 0-2mins, repeat 3 – 5 times through (see progression table below).
Circuit Progression
Pick a weight that is approximate to your 5-repetition maximum for the first exercise, and your 8-repetition maximum for all the other exercises – this should increase as the weeks progress.
Exercise Video
Session 2
Plyo Circuit
Again, go flat-out, maximum power/speed on every individual repetition.
1a) 5x Heiden (lateral bound) & stick (per side)
1b) 10x Medicine ball side toss (per side)
Repeat 3-times though, rest as long as required to maintain maximum speed
Heiden and Stick
Medicine Ball Side Toss
Power/Strength Metabolic Circuit
2a) 10x Kettlebell alternating swings
2b) 12x Goblet squat
2c) 12x Dumbbell push press
2d) 12x Bent over dumbbell row
2e) 12x Kneeling hand-walkouts
Rest 0-2mins, repeat 3 – 5 times through (see progression table below).
Circuit Progression
Pick a weight that is approximate to your 10-repetition maximum for the first exercise, and your 12-repetition maximum for all the other exercises – this should increase as the weeks progress.
Kettlebell Alternating Swing
Goblet Squat
Dumbbell Push Press
Bent Over Dumbbell Row
Kneeling Hand-walkouts
Horror is a word borrowed by many -- to sell product, to impart strange brands of morality, to create a community of fans, and to deeply scare as many people as possible. Whether or not a comfortable genre tag, or a catch-all for the extremes of emotive story-telling, it has proven a resilient and ever-changing designation.
These pages are our tribute to the horror genre, in many of its manifestations. We have a history of it over the last eight hundred years, detailed looks at particular artists and works, and a tribute to the specifically Australian version.
For convenience we have divided the topic into a number of subsidiary pages, as listed below. Articles about the modern genre that don't fit into these categories can be found down the left hand column.
A newly identified mushroom species named after SpongeBob Squarepants caught our eye and led EarthSky's Emily Willingham to contact Dennis Desjardin, the scientist who discovered the genus. The mushroom, a native of Borneo, is Spongiforma squarepantsii, one of only two known members of the Spongiforma genus. Its sea-sponge shape inspired its name, which is probably better than any name motivated by its “vaguely fruity or strongly musty” odor. That descriptive comes courtesy of Dennis Desjardin, a professor at San Francisco State University, intrepid fungus hunter, discoverer of the Spongiforma genus, and one of the people to happily blame for naming a mushroom after a cartoon character. He is an author on what is likely the only scientific paper ever to include the following:
Named in honor of the famed cartoon character SpongeBob SquarePants, whose sponge shape shares a strong resemblance to the new fungus. Moreover, the hymenium when observed with scanning electron microscopy (FIG. 3) looks like a seafloor covered with tube sponges, reminiscent of the fictitious home of SpongeBob.
See? Science is fun, and at the end of this interview, you'll see that Dr. Desjardin is not only a biologist but also a man with a bit of the poet about him.
Can you tell us a little bit about how you came across this mushroom?
The species was discovered by my co-authors Tom Bruns and Kabir Peay while they were conducting a research project on ectomycorrhizal mushrooms of Borneo. They collected mushrooms from under the trees they were sampling to compare their DNA with that on the roots to see if they were mutualistically associated with the trees (involved in a mutually beneficial relationship).
Was it recognized right away as an undocumented species?
When they encountered this particular species, they were surprised at first and had no idea what it was. After returning to the U.S., Tom Bruns contacted me and asked if it looked familiar, and was maybe related to the new genus I had just described from material collected in Thailand, Spongiforma thailandica. I said yes, it was related, and we compared their DNA sequences to the ones I had for S. thailandica. Lo and behold, they were sister species. Now the genus has two species, one from Thailand and one from Borneo.
What is it like to comb unexplored forests for mushrooms? I'm guessing it's not all glamour and excitement.
It is a fantastic job. I currently have active projects in Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Micronesia, Hawaii, Brazil, Sao Tome and Principe, and California. It is a lot of work, requires good logistics and collaborations with local governments, scientists and students, and it has its dangers … like jaguar, gaur (bison native to Asia), viperous snakes, leeches, necrotic spiders.
But we often find really exciting new organisms that create a buzz with the public. Check out the website for the International Institute for Species Exploration. We made their Top 10 New Species list two years in a row. For 2010, with Phallus drewesii (a small penis-shaped mushroom only 2 inches long that droops down, that I named after a colleague!) from Africa, and this year, 2011, with Mycena luxaeterna, a bioluminescent (glowing) mushroom from south of São Paulo, Brazil.
Is there a way (besides the obvious) to determine if a mushroom like this one is edible?
NO. We can test for the presence or absence of specific poisonous compounds, but if they are absent that does not mean the species is edible. It could very easily have poisonous compounds that we did not test for. We can make educated guesses. For example, if the species belongs to a lineage of mushrooms where all of the other species with known edibility are poisonous, we'd suggest to not eat it!
Editor's Note: The Spongebob mushroom happens to be pretty closely related to porcini mushrooms, which are edible. But it's not your regular sort of mushroom. For one thing, it doesn't have that cap-and-stem design and looks like a sponge. In fact, according to a quote from Desjardin in a news release about Spongiforma squarepantsii, “It's just like a sponge with these big hollow holes. When it's wet and moist and fresh, you can wring water out of it and it will spring back to its original size. Most mushrooms don't do that.”
What is the other species in the Spongiforma genus? How does it compare to its partner in the genus?
The other species is Spongiforma thailandica, and it compares with S. squarepantsii by the features outlined in the paper.
Editor's Note: I looked at the paper as directed and found, among other things, that odor might be related to animal attraction for both species. The attracted animals, in turn, would aid in dispersing spores, the fungus version of seeds. What makes them different? Some important similarities – and differences – at the DNA level and some differences that are more obvious to regular folk. For one thing, the Thai species, instead of having a fruity or musty odor, smells like “coal tar,” and the two species differ in color and size.
In the news release about this latest species, you mention that a good-sized percentage of what you find is new to science. Does it remain exciting to discover a new species with this level of frequency, and how do you go about determining new species names (besides the obvious for the Spongiforma squarepantsii)?
Yes, it is always a thrill to find and describe a new species, but it is a tremendous amount of work to prove that what you have represents a new species. First of all, you need to know the features of every other species described in the genus to which your unknown belongs, and then you have to compare your material to all of the other species. If it has different morphology (form) and molecular characters (such as DNA), then you can provide data to support your supposition that it is new to science. With contemporary techniques, we can sequence several genes and compare them to those of morphologically similar species and then interpret the results.
As far as naming goes, I usually use a descriptive name for new species, and I often use the native language of the country where the species occurs. For example, in Hawaii, for a beautiful pink mushroom that grows in the wet native forests, I chose the species name Hygrocybe noelokelani, which means “the pink rose in the mist” in Hawaiian; and for a species with a really gelatinous cap and stem I called it Hygrocybe pakelo, which means “slippery like a fish.” In Thailand, I chose Crinipellis tabtim for a ruby-red species because tabtim means “ruby-colored” in Thai. In Malaysia I chose Marasmius iras which means “resembling” in Malaysian because it is reminiscent of another species from the same area. But usually we use Latin names that are adjectives, like atrobrunnea (dark brown), cupreostipes (with copper-colored stem), or angustilamellatus (narrow gilled).
Editor's Note: And then sometimes, they turn to a famous cartoon sponge.
Joe Pawlik: Corals in decline, as giant sponges thrive
Rebecca Johnson: Bright pink electric blue undersea slug
In the previous post about integration methods, I took a look at gravity integration. Gravity is a good example of a soft constraint. It does not impose hard limits to movement of bodies. But what if we need hard constraints, for instance like steel beams? The following post explains how to implement hard constraints.
Contents
The conclusion of the explanations of this post is a stable hard constraint system that uses Verlet integration and constraint resolution. You can hover over the illustrations to run their simulations, press reset for a reset and click into the canvas to remove points.
reset
You can download the source of the first, second and third version of this simulation. The third one is the stable hard constraints. You will also also need the vector class
In order to perform the tests to figure out how to do hard constraints, we need a data model that fits the purpose. The model consists of Points and Constraints.
The Point class has a position, velocity and acceleration.
var Point = function ( x , y ){ this . position = new Vector ( x , y ); this . velocity = new Vector ( 0 , 0 ); this . acceleration = new Vector ( 0 , 0 ); points . push ( this ); }
Two notable methods which are "accelerate" that simply adds a vector of acceleration to the existing acceleration, and "simulate" which does the typical Euler integration.
accelerate : function ( vector ){ this . acceleration . iadd ( vector ); }, simulate : function ( delta ){ this . velocity . iadd ( this . acceleration . mul ( delta )); this . acceleration . zero (); this . position . iadd ( this . velocity . mul ( delta )); },
There is a second class called FixedPoint. Both accelerate and simulate don't do anything to that class, since it is assumed to be fixed.
A hard constraint can be imagined as a really stiff spring. It gives a little, but not much. We could model such a constraint as a force after Hooke's law and add the acceleration to the point.
A constraint has two endpoints and a target length it aims to restore.
var Constraint = function ( point1 , point2 ){ this . point1 = point1 ; this . point2 = point2 ; this . target = point1 . position . distance ( point2 . position ); constraints . push ( this ); }
The resolve method of a constraint tries to apply the forces after Hooke's law
resolve : function (){ var pos1 = this . point1 . position ; var pos2 = this . point2 . position ; var force = this . target - pos1 . distance ( pos2 ); var direction = pos1 . sub ( pos2 ). normalized (); var acceleration = direction . mul ( force ); this . point1 . accelerate ( acceleration ); acceleration . imul ( - 1 ); this . point2 . accelerate ( acceleration ); }
At each step in the simulation constraints are resolved, gravity is applied and the points are simulated. Each interval, 15 steps are executed, this should increase the accuracy of the integration.
var steps = 15 ; var delta = 1 / steps ; for ( var j = 0 ; j < steps ; j ++ ){ for ( var i = 0 , il = constraints . length ; i < il ; i ++ ){ constraints [ i ]. resolve (); } for ( var i = 0 , il = points . length ; i < il ; i ++ ){ var point = points [ i ]; point . accelerate ( gravity ); point . simulate ( delta ); } }
Running this simulation as it is with both an Euler integration step and forces for constraints yields very bad results.
What's needed is a different way to apply constraints. Each constraint could simply move its attached points to a position that would satisfy the target requirement.
We first need a way to make corrections to Points without affecting FixedPoints. For this we introduce the method "correct" on Points. This method does nothing to FixedPoints.
correct : function ( vector ){ this . position . iadd ( vector ); },
Then we need a better resolution method for the Constraint. The idea is to move each point halfway in the direction as to satisfy the constraint.
resolve : function (){ var pos1 = this . point1 . position ; var pos2 = this . point2 . position ; var direction = pos2 . sub ( pos1 ); var length = direction . length (); var factor = ( length - this . target ) / length ; var correction = direction . mul ( factor ); this . point1 . correct ( correction ); correction . imul ( - 1 ); this . point2 . correct ( correction ); }
This does not work yet. Now the velocities are out of sync with the positions.
What is required is a method of integration that can automatically track velocities from previous positions. In order to do this, we get rid of velocity in points.
var Point = function ( x , y ){ this . position = new Vector ( x , y ); this . previous = new Vector ( x , y ); this . acceleration = new Vector ( 0 , 0 ); points . push ( this ); }
But we have to change the integration method for the points. If you want to know velocity you can subtract the previous position from the current position. Adding this and acceleration to the position, and then flipping the previous position and the current one we get this simulates method.
simulate : function ( delta ){ this . acceleration . imul ( delta * delta ); var position = this . position . mul ( 2 ) . sub ( this . previous ) . add ( this . acceleration ); this . previous = this . position ; this . position = position ; this . acceleration . zero (); },
Finally the result is very satisfactory.
reset
I hope this will help you write better hard constraint systems in the future. Stay tuned for my next post (it's will have something to do with physics).
Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau announced Friday that his party will not support a motion from Prime Minister Stephen Harper to authorize airstrikes, for up to six months, against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
Read the full transcript of Trudeau's speech in the House of Commons below:
ISIL is a threat both to the region and to global security.
ISIL murders ethnic and religious minorities across Iraq and Syria.
They murder innocent civilians, humanitarian workers, and journalists.
These awful acts have been fully documented – often by the perpetrators themselves.
This is why the Liberal Party supported a 30-day, non-combat role on good faith and on which we were briefed.
This time, instead of briefings, there has only been overheated rhetoric.
Liberals will take the following core principles into the debate next week.
One: That Canada does have a role to play to confront humanitarian crises and security threats in the world.
Two: That when a government considers deploying our men and women in uniform, there must be a clear mission overall and a clear role for Canada within that mission.
Three: That the case for deploying our Forces must be made openly and transparently, based on clear and reliable, dispassionately presented facts.
And four: That Canada's role must reflect the broad scope of Canadian capabilities. And how best we can help.
Unlike the Prime Minister, Liberals believe Canada can make a more helpful contribution to the international effort to combat ISIL than aging war planes.
I think Canadians have a lot more to offer than that. We can be resourceful, and there are significant, substantial, non-combat roles that Canada can play.
And some we can play better than many – or perhaps any — of our allies.
Whether they are strategic airlift, training, or medical support.
We have the capabilities to meaningfully assist – in a non-combat role – a well-defined international mission.
The fact remains: the Prime Minister has not been upfront with Canadians about his plans.
The Prime Minister and the government have given us no reason to believe that once in combat they will be able to limit our role.
Their overheated and moralistic rhetoric is being used to justify more than just air strikes.
It is an attempt to justify a war.
For Canadians it's all too familiar, particularly from this Prime Minister.
The 2003 Iraq war was waged on false pretenses and flawed intelligence.
It was a mission that destabilized the region, sowed further conflict, cost our allies three trillion dollars, and cost thousands of people their lives.
The world is still dealing with the consequences of that mistake.
Let us never forget how that mission was sold to the public.
Back in 2003, this prime minister called President Bush's Iraq war a matter of “freedom, democracy and civilization itself.”
We know the Iraq fiasco haunts the choices we have to make today. But we cannot make the wrong decision now because the wrong decision was made then.
Canada has asked a lot of our men and women in uniform over the last decade. And too often they have returned home only to be let down.
If we are to ask more of them now, our deliberations in this house should be honest and forthright to show ourselves worthy of the valour and strength we know our Forces always show in the field.
We owe them that.
We think there is a role for Canada to be involved in the fight against ISIL.
But there is a clear line between non-combat and combat.
It is much easier to cross that line than to cross back.
It always is easier to get into a war than to get out of one.
The Prime Minister has a sacred responsibility to be honest and truthful with people, especially about matters of life and death. At the end of every decision to enter combat is a brave Canadian in harm's way. We owe them clarity. We owe them a plan.
Most of all, we owe them the truth.
The Prime Minister has offered none of those.
The Liberal Party of Canada cannot and will not support this Prime Minister's motion to go to war in Iraq.
- WWE officials are reportedly planning on bringing Samoa Joe to the main roster after WrestleMania 32, possibly as soon as the post-WrestleMania RAW the next day.
Right now the plan is to debut Joe on that RAW but it was noted by The Wrestling Observer Newsletter that creative plans could change, but plans are in motion to bring Joe up. There was at least talk of having Joe defeat Finn Balor for the NXT Title and extend their feud, which would obviously delay his main roster call-up.
There has also been a lot of consideration lately to calling Sami Zayn to the main roster for a feud with Kevin Owens.
Regarding Balor, it does not look like he will be called up after WrestleMania as officials are still looking at him to be the face of the NXT brand past March.
Source: Wrestling Observer Newsletter
Subscribe to The Wrestling Observer by clicking here. Each issue has coverage and analysis of all the major news, plus history pieces. New subscribers can also receive free classic issues.
New Delhi: US Ambassador to India Richard Verma on Monday said that there is quite a buzz about Prime Minister Narendra Modi's forthcoming visit to Silicon Valley and hoped that it will provide an opportunity to explore new technology that would help India in development of Smart Cities and other infrastructure facility.
"There is quite a buzz about PM's visit to San Francisco and Silicon Valley in the US, and not just from the vibrant Indian-American community there, which over the last two decades has helped transform the high technology sector and bring our nation's culture of innovation and entrepreneurship even closer," he said here.
The Prime Minister will be in San Francisco to attend a United Nations summit on sustainable development on September 25. He will visit Silicon Valley, California, on September 27 as part of his US visit.
Modi's visit will provide an opportunity to explore how new technologies can help India with issues such as building safe, clean, and smart cities, providing opportunity for a quality education, securing reliable electricity for hundreds of millions of its people, and much more, he said.
American businesses are very eager to partner with India to find new solutions to these issues, he said in his address to 11th Indo-US Economic Summit here.
"We are looking forward for this visit...Everything is shaping up very well and we are all excited about it," he said on the sidelines of the summit.
Verma said "under the leadership of Prime Minister Modi and President (Barack) Obama, our governments are working together on increased engagement and new initiatives to reach the USD 500 billion goal in the years to come. We have made incredible progress in the past year and look forward to even greater strides going forward."
Highlighting that India has become the second largest source of investment in the US, he said, according to a survey, more than 91,000 jobs were created and 15 billion dollars invested in the US.
The US investments in India have soared from a total of USD 7.7 billion in 2004 to USD 28 billion today, he said, adding, there are over 500 US companies active in India, while the number of Indian companies operating in the United States has increased from roughly 85 in 2005 to over 200 now.
"Indian companies collectively have a geographical footprint in every state in the nation, are diversified in sectors from IT to automotive to construction, and the overwhelming majority of these companies intend to make additional investments and hire more employees in the US in the next five years," he said.
Before last week, I had high hopes of a big Creative Scotland grant for my origami installation project, The Smith Commission:
Folding Made Easy. Then some Renfrewshire councillors with a dodgy lighter ruined things. I'll be lucky to get damp kindling from 28 generously spaced pages.
This will identify me as a Nazi, of course, or the next worst thing among the bagmen for war criminals and - much the same thing - the Daily Mail. The report by Lord Smith of Kelvin's commission turns out to be a sacred document, the post-­devolution apocrypha never to be sullied. Anyone who fails to treat a piece of cheap party haggling with appropriate reverence is to be footnoted in the Unionist Daemonologie. Oh, dear.
Poets are the worst. The question "Are you now, or have you ever been, a Nationalist?" has become the only consideration where scribblers are concerned. Liz Lochhead, Scotland's Makar, has been tested and found wanting. James MacMillan, a piano player, has questioned her ability to ensure that 41% of her verses lean in one direction; 29% in another; and the rest are distributed equitably in a representative manner. The horror.
I'll stop with the bad jokes when they tell me they're kidding. Vetting the politics of poets? Finding the lower slopes of dudgeon because people don't actually believe that Smith offers a good deal, far less one that's done? The determination to ensure that anyone who voted Yes on September 18 must now shut up, once and forever, has become a tiny sociological phenomenon. Did I mention that it does Scotland no credit?
No matter. It won't work. No sooner had the invisible ink begun to pale beneath Smith of Kelvin's name than George Osborne was on his feet with an Autumn Statement on the UK's behalf. See the corporation tax that could never be entrusted to Scotland? London might - if Belfast behaves itself - give that to Northern Ireland instead. Do proud Scottish Unionists have a view on this?
This story isn't new. The province has had to contend with the Republic of Ireland's race to the bottom in tax for a long time. Osborne, like Gordon Brown before him, has hacked away at the impost only to see the big corporates stick a £35 billion windfall in their bank accounts while "investing" pennies in the UK. It's a bad, stupid tax. But ask why Northern Ireland can have a power denied to Scotland and the Chancellor is liable to answer with a couple of manicured fingers.
Powers that might be handy for Scotland are being reserved simply to shore up the Union. Why wouldn't Scotland have control over the starting rate of income tax? Why shouldn't right over the minimum wage be devolved? The answers have nothing to do with the betterment of Scots, or their democratic say in the matter, and everything to do with keeping the branch office in its place.
Grant Osborne this much: he doesn't lack a vindictive sense of humour. The proposal that parts of the north of England might enjoy the benefits of a "sovereign wealth fund" should the fracking fun begin is almost beyond parody. Last week, the Chancellor kept a straight face. Let the Scots squabble, said his eyes, over their piddling Barnett consequentials. The idea that their mineral wealth might be their possession is too silly for words. Corporate power is significant in Scotland, but our parliament is forbidden a single word on the matter. "Use the powers you have," cry Unionists. OK: where's our power to create the sovereign wealth fund now being promised by the Chancellor to the north of England?
I am hissing - I can spell - into the wind. The people who make a controversy over the urge to torch his lordship's 28 pages are busy about their work. This winter, they seem less than keen to boast of the benefits of Union in a UK with a £1.45 trillion debt burden than to talk about whether a poet's views are "appropriate". Not for the first time, the good of a nation is secondary. The people of a country matter least.
I haven't actually burned my copy of the Report Of The Smith Commission For Further Powers To The Scottish Parliament yet. I'd need to book a poet, a Daily Mail snapper, and a Chancellor, and those photographers aren't cheap. Smith of Kelvin has done his best to broker a deal among people whose adherence to good faith can be measured in seconds. Behind his glib, managerial grin is a tale, nevertheless, of party above people. It remains depressing, as usual. Or just inflammatory.
Now you have a choice. You can either buy Jim Murphy's snake oil and regard mere proposals as a transformative event settling Scotland's desires once and for all, or you can reach for your lighter. You can treat the incoherent bunch of bits and pieces as the basis for devolved government, or you can ask who reserves economic powers, and why? What poets get up to might ordinarily count, in any real country, as another matter. But this, suddenly, is the world we are in; there's hysteria in the air. Why is that, exactly?
To me, it sounds like fear. Osborne might grant corporation tax to Northern Ireland for the simple, patronising reason that he doesn't think Belfast could ever matter. Give such a power to Holyrood, however - or any other serious revenue power - and nationhood could be demonstrated by fact and deed. And that, of course, would never do.
The Autumn Statement had exactly nothing to say, specifically, about Scotland. This was a bit of a giveaway. Osborne's General Election scheme is to let Scotland stew amid chatter overpowers promised and powers to come. This, too, won't work. Come next May, a couple of dozen MPs - my bet - will begin to extract a price. Corporation tax will be the least of it, I hope.
Demanding loyalty oaths of poets might not be the best place for a stout Unionist to begin negotiations, I'd have thought. Telling me which bits of bad, bland prose I can stick on the fire for kindling really isn't going to work. Picking on Liz Lochhead is a deeply stupid idea. But that's not my choice.
Some stout British art would be fun, at this point. They have the famous piano player; where's the chorus? I recommend an ancient Groucho Marx song. It goes, Whatever It Is, I'm Against It. And I'll see those nice Brits at the back of the bonfire.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jamie Vardy now stands on the threshold of a place in the football record books.
Which is why it's time to put the record straight.
The former Fleetwood striker's run of scoring in nine successive Premier League matches is one of the most heart warming stories of the season.
And every article, news bulletin, or TV show you will read or watch refers to the Leicester striker closing in on Ruud van Nistelrooy's record.
The former Manchester United striker scored in 10 successive top flight matches at the end of the 2002/03 and start of the 2003/04 season.
So we constantly read about Ruud's record.
But while it may be a Premier League record, it is not a modern day scoring record.
Because that is shared with a striker from around these parts.
John Aldridge also scored in 10 successive top flight matches – just like van Nistelrooy split between two seasons - in the last match of the 1986/87 season and the first nine league matches of 1987/88.
Yet it's never mentioned.
It's always Ruud's record – because his came in the Premier League era.
I completely understand why there perhaps needs to be a cut-off period, something to distinguish old records from more modern achievements.
Because times change.
Records set in the 'olden' days do not bear comparison with more modern times.
Dixie Dean once scored in 12 successive matches. But that was in the Second Division – and at a time when the average goals per season scored in the top flight was 3.94 per season.
But the late 80s weren't dramatically different to the Premier League era – in fact it was slightly harder to score goals then than it is now.
In the first season of the Premier League, 1992/93, the average was 2.65 goals per game.
In the 1987/88 season, when Aldridge scored in the opening nine matches, just 2.49 goals per match were scored.
When van Nistelrooy set his 'record' in 2003/04 the average goals per game was 2.66.
So if Jamie Vardy does score a record levelling tenth goal at Newcastle on November 21, it will be van Nistelrooy AND John Aldridge's record he has levelled.
Instead of Premier League record, perhaps we should now refer to top flight record?
Freedom of information (FoI) request has found that British regulatory authority Ofcom faced 1,658 attempted cyberattacks in October and November, including 188 malware incidents, 382 SQL injection attacks and 1,088 phishing emails.
The number of attacks faced by the broadcasting and telecoms regulator proves how important it is to have robust information security systems in place, and the range of attack vectors demonstrates the need for those systems to provide an adequate response. Ofcom successfully rebutted all attacks but other organisations may not be so well prepared.
SQL injection attacks
The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) last month warned about the prevalence of SQL injection attacks, having fined Worldview Ltd, a hotel booking site, £7,500 for a security breach that saw the loss of nearly 4,000 customers' credit card details.
ICO group manager for technology Simon Rice said:
“Organisations must act now to avoid one of the oldest hackers' tricks in the book. If you don't have the expertise in-house, then find someone who does, otherwise you may be the next organisation on the end of an ICO fine and the reputational damage that results from a serious data breach.”
SQL injection works by targeting coding vulnerabilities in organisations' web and mobile apps to access information. Malicious SQL statements are inserted into entry fields, which the application then mistakenly fulfils. Injection flaws remain the top vulnerability in OWASP's Top 10.
If you're concerned that your organisation is vulnerable to injection attacks, then you need IT Governance's Combined Infrastructure Web Application Penetration Test.
Penetration testing will identify potential vulnerabilities in your infrastructure and web applications, and provide recommendations to improve your network security. Our expert, CREST-accredited penetration testers combine a range of advanced manual tests with a number of automated vulnerability scans, using multiple tools and techniques, to enable you to protect your organisation from malicious attack, ensure customer confidence, and make the most of the holiday season. Click here for more information >>
Phishing emails
Phishing emails exploit users by masquerading as legitimate communications, either diverting them to malicious webpages via fake links or persuading them to open infected attachments that download malware onto their devices.
According to a recent Google study, phishing attacks work 45% of the time. If you're concerned about your employees' susceptibility to phishing attacks, then you need IT Governance's Employee Phishing Vulnerability Assessment.
It will identify potential vulnerabilities amongst your employees and provide recommendations to improve your security, enabling you to have a broad understanding of how you are at risk, and what you need to do to address these risks. Click here for more information >>
NEAR MOSUL, Iraq -- For more than a year, the Iraqi military and its allies have been talking about and preparing for an operation to try and take back the country's second-largest city from ISIS.
No date has been set for an offensive to retake Mosul, which sits about 250 miles north of Baghdad, on the edge of Iraq's semi-autonomous Kurdistan region.
But Kurdish peshmerga soldiers, who have been the most effective force against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in northern Iraq, are getting closer.
Just 20 miles from Mosul, CBS News correspondent Holly Williams watched as peshmerga troops opened fire after spotting what they thought were two ISIS gunmen moving toward their post.
It's no wonder they were nervous; the day before Williams and her CBS News team arrived, there was a coordinated ISIS attack on the peshmerga position.
The Kurdish troops fought the extremists back, and said they had killed almost 100 ISIS militants in the process.
With peshmerga troops, Williams crossed into no-man's land to inspect the aftermath.
Fighting ISIS: Out-gunned Kurdish fighters seek more help from U.S.
Plans for retaking of Mosul finalized
"That's ISIS over there... in the village about a mile away," one of the soldiers told her as he gestured at the horizon.
Crumpled pieces of a Humvee, blown up by an ISIS suicide bomber, sit by the side of a road. It's one of the group's most heavily-relied upon tactics, and they'll doubtlessly use many more of the explosives-laden vehicles to defend Mosul.
It's thought that ISIS has several thousand fighters in Mosul.
The extremists have stopped civilians leaving the city, which means, effectively, they have more than 1 million human shields.
When ISIS captured Mosul almost two years ago, many people cheered their convoy as it rolled through the streets.
But Gen. Najim al-Jabouri, the Iraqi army commander leading preparations for the Mosul offensive, told CBS News he's counting on the help of civilians.
"I think about 75 or 80 percent of the people in Mosul, they will support us," al-Jabouri predicted.
But that means about 20 percent of the population in the sprawling city could still back ISIS -- and al-Jabouri knows it.
The general told CBS News he expects the battle for Mosul to last several months.
Even that is optimistic, and the recent battle to retake Ramadi left 80 percent of that smaller city destroyed.
So, the Hugo awards have come and gone for 2013. People have blogged widely about it, and all that need saying has already been said (see here for my thoughts on this year's ‘Best Novel' winner, Redshirts by John Scalzi, for instance). So, instead of recapping the conversation (which, to be frank, I'm a little behind the curveball in catching up on), I thought it would be more interesting to look ahead at next year's awards, and start the conversation a little early. This way, I can hopefully convince you to check out some of the year's best works while there's still time to enjoy and nominate it.
I'll work through several of the categories, those which I have any sort of opinion of, and discuss the works that I think are most impactful and important, and will, as of right now, appear on my ballot (until they're replaced by something even more awesome between now and the time nominations are due.) And then, in the ‘Also/maybe/are these good?' sections, I'll list off a few choices that I haven't read/experienced yet, but feel that they deserve to be in the conversation and will likely be considered when I do get around to them.
I'd also encourage you to join me in the comments. Tell me why I'm wrong. Tell me what you've read this year that resonated with you. Because, what's the point of award season if not to encourage people to discover great new books, films, and every other story of art?
So, let's begin in the most obvious spot:
Best Novel
The Tyrant's Law by Daniel Abraham (REVIEW) – Another addition to a series that proves Abraham is one genre's (he publishes a fantasy, science fiction, and urban fantasy novel each year) most consistent and prolific authors. On top of that, The Dagger and the Coin fills a perfect niche between the sprawling politically-charged fantasy of Martin and the adventurous, 80s-throwback fantasy of Brooks.
Shattered Pillars by Elizabeth Bear (REVIEW) – Seriously. You like fantasy? You want fantasy to be more than a cliched, quasi-medieval broken record? Go read this series.
The Best of All Possible Worlds by Karen Lord – A Star Trek-analogue that asks smart questions, introduces readers to genuinely likeable and interesting characters, and quietly explores genocide through the emotional journey of a survivor.
The Republic of Thieves by Scott Lynch – Lynch still has it. A big step up from Red Seas Under Red Skies, and proof that he knows how to to evolve the series beyond the heist-a-book style that it appeared to be through the first two volumes.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane by Neil Gaiman – I'm still thinking about this one week after finishing it. As beautiful, melancholy, and nostalgic as anything Gaiman has written.
Also/maybe/are these good?
The Melancholy of Mechagirl by Catherynne M. Valente (do short fiction collections count?), River of Stars by Guy Gavriel Kay, Love Minus Eighty by Will McIntosh, The Golen and the Jinni by Helene Wecker.
Best Professional Artist
(As always with this category, it can be difficult to tell exactly when artists are producing their work. If they finished a painting for a book cover in 2012, but the book is released in 2013, does that count?)
Todd Lockwood – I've long been a Lockwood fan, but I've never nominated him for this award before. I felt like his work in 2013 was one of his stronger years, and I'd be happy to see this recognized. I'm particularly fond of his work for Marie Brennan's recent novels.
Julie Dillon – Hhngggh.
Olly Moss – Double hhngggh.
Yeong-Hao Han – I discovered Yeong-Hao Han through Magic: The Gathering and fell in love with the creativity, texture and emotional resonance of his work. His art for Millstone is particularly striking and thoughtful. More of his art can be found on his CG Hub page.
Lauren Panepinto – Call me crazy, because Panepinto is, officially, the Art Director at Orbit Books, and not a ‘Professional Artist' in the same sense as the other folk on this list, but Orbit features some of the most striking and unique covers these days and Panepinto creates many of them herself through composite imagery and photoshop trickery. I think the artistry of her contributions to the look of genre (hooded dude be-damned) deserves some recognition. Panepinto explores her process in several posts on the Orbit Books blog.
Best Fan Writer
Also/maybe/are these good?
Renay, Jared Shurin, Niall Alexander, Abigail Nussbaum.
Best Editor (Short Form)
Neil Clarke – Does he need an introduction? It's worth also pointing out Gardner Dozois and Sean Wallace for their work as editor and reprint editor at Clarkesworld. Kate Baker does wonderful work, too, but she's the non-fiction editor, which probably doesn't count here.
Patrick Nielsen Hayden, Liz Gorinsky, Ann VanderMeer, and Ellen Datlow – Though they're slow as molasses in January (I figure it's only suitable to use cliches in a conversation about editors), it's hard to argue that the Tor.com editorial staff aren't publishing some of the strongest and most consistent short fiction digitally or in print. Too bad it's difficult to determine who acquired which stories.
Jared Shurin and Anne Perry – Can you nominate a duo? The Lowest Heaven is a sublime collection.
Brit Mandelo, Julia Rios, and An Owomoyela – Strange Horizons continues to treat SFF fandom with more respect than any other venue, as something to be explored, treasured and analyzed, and to aid in the celebration of SFF's diversity. Their fiction is no different and these three editors continue to publish some of genre's best stories.
Dramatic Presentation (Long Form)
Bioshock Infinite – Yeah, the gameplay is a little tired, especially the combat, but the exploration, art direction (!) and story are stick-with-ya-like-a-ladle-full-of-cinnamon.
Star Trek Into Darkness – Somehow manages to be bigger, more energetic, smarter and more fun than its predecessor. Also, many fewer plot holes. From the opening scene, it felt like falling into good company and old friends.
Secret Hugo for Best Novel not Published in 2013, but, damnit, go read it anyway!
The Time Traveller's Wife by Audrey Niffenegger — Good golly. This is one of the best novels I've read this decade. I should've listened to my wife when she suggested it a few years ago.
For the first time in five years, the profits of India's state-owned companies shrank, by about 20% in 2015, with 77 public-sector units reporting losses and contribution to the exchequer dropping Rs 20,000 crore over the previous year, according to the latest government data available.
The drop in profits – from Rs 1.28 lakh crore to Rs 1.03 lakh crore – over 2013-'14 comes in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 2016 Independence-day declaration that a “new culture” had helped Air India and telecom company Bharat Sachar Nigam Limited improve performance.
As many as 235 PSUs – companies in which the central government or other government companies held at least 51% of shares – surveyed by the Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises saw profits drop in a year that India's economy grew 7.3% over 4.7% in 2013-14.
Source: Department of Public Enterprises, Ministry of Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises
“In the past, government companies accounted for a large share of the country's gross domestic product, today they don't,” said P Rameshan, former director of the Indian Institute of Management, Rohtak.
India had 298 PSUs in 2015-16 – of which 63 have not yet started operations – in sectors that include mining (Coal India Ltd, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation), manufacturing (Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum), services (BSNL, Air India), electricity (National Thermal Power Corporation) and agriculture (National Seeds Corporation).
Except electricity, PSUs in other sectors reported a fall in profits or a rise in losses during 2014-15 compared with the previous year.
Source: Department of Public Enterprises
Contribution to the exchequer
The government's companies contributed Rs 20,000 crore less to the public exchequer in 2014-15 than they did the previous year, when they generated Rs 2.2 lakh crore.
Even the top profit-making PSUs – companies such as ONGC, Coal India Ltd, Indian Oil and NTPC – saw a 13% dip in profits.
HOME ABOUT FACT CHECK EVENTS HEALTH & SANITATION DATA ROOM VIZNOMICS DONATE SPECIAL SECTIONS #BREATHE First Time In 5 Years, PSU Profits Fell In 2015 Prabhpreet Singh Sood, October 20, 2016 Republish Reprint Most ReadMost PopularMost Mailed cm_960 84% Of 12 Million Married Children Under 10 Are Hindusdivorce_960 Nearly 80% Of Divorced Indian Muslims Are Womencomm_960 In 1 Year, India's TB Deaths Doubled. Here's Whychina960 Why Boycott Calls Against China—India's Largest Trade Partner—Will Fail960jail Undertrial Prisoners In India = Population Of Barbados Recent Posts First Time In 5 Years, PSU Profits Fell In 2015 14 Died In 19 Stampedes Every Month Since 2001 Monsoon Ends This Week, Record Food Output Likely Twin Fire Accidents Turn Attention To Safety India's New Hydrofluorocarbon Target = Eliminating 1/6th of India's Coal-Powered CO2 Emissions Search in Archive Select a date Select a category Search with Google Write keyword and hit return Failed to display MailChimp Form 001010Shares Views 1604 psu_620 The headquarters of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) in New Delhi. BSNL accounted for more than a third of the losses incurred by public sector units (PSUs) in 2014-15–the year when PSU profits fell for the first time in five years. For the first time in five years, the profits of India's state-owned companies shrank, by about 20% in 2015, with 77 public-sector units (PSUs) reporting losses and contribution to the exchequer dropping Rs 20,000 crore over the previous year, according to the latest government data available. The drop in profits–from Rs 1.28 lakh crore ($22 billion) to Rs 1.03 lakh crore ($17 billion)–over 2013-14 comes in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 2016 Independence-day declaration that a “new culture” had helped Air India, an airline, and Bharat Sachar Nigam Limited (BSNL), a telecom company, improve performance. As many as 235 PSUs–companies in which the central government or other government companies held at least 51% of shares–surveyed by the ministry of heavy industries and public enterprises saw profits drop in a year that India's economy grew 7.3% over 4.7% in 2013-14. Source: Department of Public Enterprises, Ministry of Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises “In the past, government companies accounted for a large share of the country's gross domestic product (GDP), today they don't,” said P Rameshan, former director of the Indian Institute of Management, Rohtak. India had 298 PSUs in 2015-16–of which 63 have not yet started operations–in sectors that include mining (Coal India Ltd, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation), manufacturing (Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum), services (BSNL, Air India), electricity (National Thermal Power Corporation) and agriculture (National Seeds Corporation). Except electricity, PSUs in other sectors reported a fall in profits or a rise in losses during 2014-15 compared with the previous year. PSU contribution to the exchequer dropped Rs 20,000 crore in 2014-15 The government's companies contributed Rs 20,000 crore less to the public exchequer in 2014-15 than they did the previous year, when they generated Rs 2.2 lakh crore. Even the top profit-making PSUs–companies such as ONGC, Coal India Ltd, Indian Oil and NTPC– saw a 13% dip in profits. Source: Department of Public Enterprises, Ministry of Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises Hover to see percentage share in total profits
A leading reason for the decline in profits was the global slowdown and weakening of international oil prices, leading to a 29% fall in export earnings and affecting manufacturing companies.
“The steel industry, one of the biggest in terms of turnover, suffered because of the fall in oil prices,” said Anand Kumar, former director of Indian Oil Corporation, India's largest company by revenue in 2014. Nearly 10% of steel industry's demand comes from the petroleum industry, which is facing a slump due to fall in crude oil prices.
As the world gradually recovered in 2014-15 from an economic slowdown, demand for major commodities from India, such as coal and metal, also fell.
Bottom 10 account for 85% of losses
In 2014-15, 10 loss-making PSUs accounted for 85% of all PSU losses: Rs 27,000 crore, or Rs 4,000 crore more than the previous year. BSNL, Air India and Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd were the biggest losers.
Source: Department of Public Enterprises, Ministry of Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises Hover to see percentage share in total losses
These companies could not cope with competition, said Rameshan. “BSNL is but a mere fringe player in the telecom industry today,” he said. “Air India, which lost its status as the market leader long ago, is no different.”
Modi said that Air India had made an operating profit of Rs 100 crore in the financial year 2015-16, but as FactChecker.in reported in August, that is 0.0023 times the airline's accumulated losses, now more than Rs 44,000 crore – equal to India's annual health budget – and borrowing has grown to more than Rs 38,000 crore ($6.3 billion), IndiaSpend reported in September 2015.
PSUs had also fallen behind on technology, said Hareendran Bhaskaran, dean of Bhavan's Royal Institute of Management, Kochi.
Workforce dropped, salaries rose
The PSU workforce was trimmed by nearly 50,000 over the last one year, but the per capita expense on employees rose 10% over the same period.
Source: Department of Public Enterprises, Ministry of Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises Figures for salaries are total emoluments
After economic reforms in 1991, private-sector competition, it was hoped, would goad PSUs to reform and improve. But most old problems continue.
“There is a lot of backseat driving by the government,” said Alok Perti, former secretary, ministry of coal. “Public sector companies that have government directors are likely to see them dictating what course of action should be taken. In many cases, the ministry dictates.”
In 2011, the SK Roongta Committee, to suggest PSU reforms, said: “Over-governance promotes conservative, cautious and risk-averse organisational culture, with procedures being paramount and outcomes secondary.”
The committee recommended a fixed tenure of three years for PSU heads and suggested that 50 more companies be listed on the stock exchanges over the next five years. Not a single company was listed since the recommendation was made.
“That (Roongta report) must be now gathering dust in the corridors of bureaucracy,” said Kumar. “Nobody wants to antagonise the master, the politician.”
Falling short
Earlier this year, India's finance minister, Arun Jaitley, said the government should “leverage the assets” – meaning sell stakes, land and manufacturing units – of PSUs to raise money for infrastructure.
However, a little more than a third of the Rs 69,500-crore target for 2015-16 – to be achieved by selling stakes or closing loss-making PSUs – was achieved.
Perti said the government's plan to sell stakes would make little difference to the companies. “These will remain government companies, and these companies have the drawback of being run as government departments, rather than companies,” he said.
This article first appeared on IndiaSpend, a data-driven and public-interest journalism non-profit.
The US Senate today gave Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai another term on the FCC.
Pai would have had to leave the FCC at the end of 2017 if the Senate hadn't approved President Donald Trump's request to give Pai a new term. Pai, who has proposed deregulating broadband providers and eliminating net neutrality rules, received a new five-year term retroactive to July 1, 2016.
The vote split mostly along party lines, with Republicans supporting Pai's re-nomination and most Democrats in opposition. The tally was 52-41, as not all 100 senators voted. You can see how each senator voted at this Senate webpage.
Pai received yea votes from 48 Republicans and four Democrats. The four Democratic senators who helped Pai gain re-confirmation were Joseph Manchin (D-W.V.); Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.); Gary Peters (D-Mich.); and Jon Tester (D-Mont.). All 41 nay votes came from the Democratic caucus.
Pai's re-nomination had drawn a "fire FCC Chairman Ajit Pai" petition from consumer advocacy group Free Press, as well as opposition from Democrats during debate on the Senate floor last week.
"The FCC always had the American consumer's back" during the Obama administration, said Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.), ranking member of the Senate Commerce Committee. But Pai was always "a vocal, overly partisan, and often hostile opponent of pro-consumer steps taken by his colleagues under the previous administration. And since becoming chairman of the FCC, he has systematically undercut much of the work done over the past eight years," Nelson said, according to a transcript provided by his office.
Today's Senate vote likely ensures that Pai will remain the FCC chairman until at least the end of Trump's current four-year term. While all five commissioners must be approved by the Senate, the president alone decides which of the five serves as chair.
Pai wouldn't necessarily serve his entire term through 2021 because chairs generally leave the commission when the presidency changes from one party to another. Pai's first term on the FCC technically expired in June 2016, but the FCC's rules allowed him to stay until the end of 2017 regardless of the status of his re-nomination.
"I am deeply grateful to the US Senate for confirming my nomination to serve a second term at the FCC and to President Trump for submitting that nomination to the Senate," Pai said after today's vote. "Since January, the commission has focused on bridging the digital divide, promoting innovation, protecting consumers and public safety, and making the FCC more open and transparent. With today's vote, I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to advance these critical priorities in the time to come.”
Pai “chooses corporate interests over consumers”
Nelson blasted Pai for making it harder for low-income Americans to buy subsidized broadband with changes to the Lifeline program; for limiting the amount of information broadband subscribers receive about fees and data caps; for supporting the rollback of consumer broadband privacy protections, and for several other policies.
Pai has "acted as if the way to improve broadband in rural America is to lower standards and saddle our most remote communities with slower speed and worse service," Nelson said. With his proposal to eliminate net neutrality rules, Pai wants to revoke "essential consumer protections on the Internet," he said.
Already, you have experienced the grim realities of life at the Edge of the Empire™. Now, it's time to go even further into the most dangerous reaches of the galaxy. It's time to Enter the Unknown.
This first rules supplement for Edge of the Empire expands the Explorer career with specializations, new talents, and more. All players will find new character, vehicle, and equipment options, which will aid in their experiences at the Edge of the Empire. GMs will gain new tools to use in crafting exciting and memorable adventures.
Developer Andrew Fischer gives an introduction of what is to come when you Enter the Unknown.
A Word From the Developer
The galaxy is rife with opportunity for those who are willing to seek it out. From the hostile wilderness of uninhabited worlds to the dangerous shadows of unexplored hyperspace lanes, chances for adventure and profit can be found everywhere.
Enter the Unknown is the first rules supplement for Edge of the Empire, featuring new content for the Explorer career, as well as hosts of new options for any player or game master. It provides tools for making stronger, deeper, and more diversified characters. New gear, droids, and vehicle options will enhance play for any group. Meanwhile, GMs can find advice on incorporating the themes of exploration, trade, and hunting into their campaigns.
Enter the Unknown covers the Explorer career, and gives it some exciting new options. Because of Edge of the Empire's flexible character advancement system, these options are useful for nearly any character. First and foremost, the career gains three new specializations: the Archeologist, Big Game Hunter, and Driver. Each of these specializations gives new or existing Explorer characters additional choices including several brand-new talents. On top of that, this book adds new options for backgrounds, Obligations, and Motivations, all based on the themes of exploration, hunting, and trade.
Additionally, Enter the Unknown introduces new, powerful advancement opportunities for characters in the form of signature abilities. Signature abilities are career-specific, elite talents only available to experienced characters. They permit tremendous feats that are only made possible with the skill and ability gained over a long and successful career. Signature abilities add new talents to the bottom of one of the character's existing talent trees, granting further advancement deeper into that character's area of expertise.
In addition to these character options, this book contains new equipment and vehicles necessary for any character braving the wilder parts of the galaxy. Vehicles such as the the KV swoop help characters journey into the unexplored, while weapons such as the E-11s sniper rifle and the huntsman vibrospear help them survive it. Along with this, a whole suite of gear for any situation makes Enter the Unknown an extremely useful part of any adventurer's collection.
Lastly, Enter the Unknown gives Game Masters a powerful tool to craft exciting and engaging adventures for their players. Whether they are looking to work with themes of exploration in their adventures, better involve Explorer characters in their narrative, or run an entire campaign around the themes of exploration, this book gives them to the tools to do so.
Thanks Andrew!
You'll soon be able to follow new routes that lead far from the established hyperlanes! Enter the Unknown is scheduled to arrive in the fourth quarter of 2013, but make sure to check back for updates and further announcements.
Product Details
The LTC2644 is a family of dual 12-, 10-, and 8-bit PWM-to-voltage output DACs with an integrated high accuracy, low drift, 10ppm/°C reference in a 12-lead MSOP package. It has rail-to-rail output buffers and is guaranteed monotonic.
The LTC2644 measures the period and pulse width of the PWM input signals and updates the voltage output DACs after each corresponding PWM input rising edge. The DAC outputs update and settle to 12-bit accuracy within 8μs typically and are capable of sourcing and sinking up to 5mA (3V) or 10mA (5V), eliminating voltage ripple and replacing slow analog filters and buffer amplifiers.
The LTC2644 has a full-scale output of 2.5V using the 10ppm/°C internal reference. It can operate with an external reference, which sets the full-scale output equal to the external reference voltage. Each DAC enters a pin-selectable idle state when the PWM input is held unchanged for more than 60ms. The part operates from a single 2.7V to 5.5V supply and supports PWM input voltages from 1.71V to 5.5V.
Applications
A South Australian UFO researcher says a dedicated civilian group needs to be established to investigate and report mysterious sightings in our skies.
Long time UFO researcher, Keith Basterfield, said the Australian Air Force archived more than 10,000 UFO observations before they halted these records in 1990.
A number of keen groups and individuals around the country continued to unofficially collect UFO data, but Mr Basterfield wanted to see these reports brought together on a national level.
"There are a number of people who have done this for many years and are quite good at it, but what we're lacking is a national-level perspective of what's being reported," he said.
With much mystery still surrounding these unidentified flying objects, Mr Basterfield hoped a more cohesive collection of sighting information could help lead to explanations.
"I want to know if there's anything more to the whole subject beyond the 95 per cent that could be explained, and the small possibility of rare phenomena that science still doesn't understand," Mr Basterfield said.
SA's reported sightings range from 50 years ago when numerous unidentified flying objects were seen above the Woomera Rocket Range in the state's outback, to more recent reports from a regional farming community.
"I can remember interviewing a farmer in Clare. About nine o'clock in the morning he was inside one of his sheds, walked out, and he saw a metallic sphere-shaped object moving slowly across the sky.
"We were absolutely flooded with stories of not only lights being seen but lights floating over the hills up there in the night... and the inability of anyone to explain what was going on."
But without a centralised collection point for UFO reports, he said these comprehensive records have reduced across South Australia.
"We tend to get brief reports over the internet; but we're no longer getting the very detailed, more interesting cases from regional areas.
"Years ago, I used to have colleagues scattered all over the state [who] would tap into regional radio stations, regional TV, regional newspapers, and send in reports from country areas."
Mr Basterfield said he would like Australians' attitudes toward UFO reporting resembling countries like France, where residents confidently reported sightings to local police.
"Police officers get out and interview them, take physical trace samples if relevant, and pass all the details to France's equivalent of NASA for analysis." he said.
"After careful scientific analysis the French government publishes the details on the internet, making them available to all citizens."
He said in Australia, with a bit of dedicated funding and organisation, UFO reports could be managed and shared.
"I think what I'd like to see here, and what's practical, is funding from a private entrepreneur, maybe $10,000 a year to look at cases, and then use civilian UFO researchers as collectors of the data," Mr Basterfield said.
"But we still need a panel of scientists in the background to take critical scientific analysis and an analytical look at sightings."
He said most UFO reports could be explained, but it was the small percentage of unsolvable observations he wanted to further explore.
"Even after all my research, at the moment, I'm still at the point of gathering information rather than having answers for people."
Hello D3 Go! Forum Users -
If you are still having trouble updating your birth date on your forum profile, then please follow the steps listed in the below discussion thread.
Please copy and paste this URL for details --> https://forums.d3go.com/discussion/72653/new-forum-terms-of-service-steps-to-update-profile
It is very important that all users complete this process, otherwise they will unfortunately be unable to actively participate in the forum on their current account.
Thank you!
R135 Release Notes (9/15/17) Brigby ADMINISTRATORS Posts: 6,408 Site Admin
Here are the Release Notes for the patch update.
What's Changed:
Fixed a rare crash issue that involves a character that is downed by matching their Countdown or Trap tile.
The Hero Points displayed after purchasing a Hero for Hire store offering will now immediately show the correct amount of Hero Points in all store offerings.
Bonus Hero odds will no longer display incorrectly in the Pack Odds screen when no Bonus Heroes are selected.
Matching a friendly Fortified Daredevil (Man Without Fear)'s Ambush tile will no longer create two copies of the Trap tile.
The Next Level text for Iceman (All-New X-Men)'s power Uncanny Snowman will no longer display both versions of the power at the same time.
Nova (Sam Alexander)'s power Rocket Man will now take into account friendly Strike tiles when dealing damage.
Yondu (Awesome Mix Volume 2)'s powers will now correctly play sound effects when fired. Hi Everyone,Here are the Release Notes for the patch update. 0
I have seen Android malware delete and send SMS messages but this is the first time I saw an Android malware act as an SMS relay.
My colleagues and I were recently able to analyze a sample of an Android malware that uses an infected device as a proxy for sending and receiving messages. Unlike most Android-specific threats we have recently seen, this one does not piggyback on legitimate Android apps. Once installed, it displays a blank window for a split second then immediately closes it.
This malware installs a service called FlashService. It employs two receivers called FlashReceiver and SMSReceiver, which are respectively triggered after a device boots up and when it receives an SMS message. FlashReceiver, which runs after a device boots up, starts the FlashService.
Receivers are functions that are executed when a specific Intent is received. Think of an Intent simply as an event. When a device received an SMS message, its OS will broadcast this event, which triggers the execution of all of the functions that are supposed to run every time the said event occurs.
FlashService is responsible for allowing the device to communicate with its server. As mentioned, it runs once the device boots up and connects to a certain URL in order to download an .XML configuration file. The code of the .XML configuration file the malware receives at the time of writing is shown below.
Send Element
One interesting entry in the configuration file is to send element. The server currently does not put any information in it. However, when I looked into the malware's code, it appears to accept a mobile number in the number attribute and a string in the text content.
What happens here is when the malware author encodes something like “This is an SMS message” in the configuration file, the malware will send the message “This is an SMS message” to that number. Any text contained in the said element will be used as the SMS body and the number in the number attribute will be the recipient.
However, this only sends SMS messages one way. In order to act as a relay, it should also be able to forward the SMS message when the recipient replies. This is where SMSReceiver comes in. SMSReceiver checks if the sender of the SMS message is the same as the one in its configuration file. If so, it will get the SMS body then send it to its server via the URL in the insms element in the configuration file. After posting, the SMS message is deleted so the user of the infected device will not see it.
Possible Motive
The way I see it, this malware may be used for three particular reasons. First, it can be used to abuse premium services. The malware author can command the backdoor to enroll the infected device in a specified premium service. The user will not have any idea that it has already been enrolled since the malware also deletes the SMS notifications for the said service.
Second, it can be used to spy on the targeted device. The malware author can set a specific number. Once an SMS message is received from that number, the SMS body is uploaded to its server.
Finally, it can be used as an SMS relay (like a proxy server for SMS messages). The malware author can send and receive SMS messages through the infected device.
How to Manually Check If Your Device Has Been Infected
Go to Settings > Applications > Running Services. Check for the existence of an application with FlashService as service and com.flashp as process.
If found, users can manually remove the malware from their devices by going to Settings > Applications > Manage Applications then uninstalling the said application.
The said malware is now detected as AndroidOS_CRUSEWIN.A. Trend Micro also offers protection for users of Android-based mobile devices via Trend Micro™ Mobile Security for Android™.
For more information on how to better mitigate Android threats, you may refer to our comprehensive report “5 Simple Steps to Secure Your Android-Based Smartphones.”
After revealing the new Mini hardtop in various guises, the next new model in the pipeline from the retro British marque is the Clubman . And here it is.Though still wearing some swirly camouflage, this Clubman prototype - previewed by the concept showcased last year - is clearly nearing production readiness. Since it'll have to differentiate itself from the four/five-door version of the new hardtop, the Clubman is expected to be even longer than the model it replaces. And this time, it'll have rear doors on both sides; and from these spy shots , it looks like they'll be conventional, full-size, front-hinged portals, instead of suicide doors. Around back you can also see the taillights peeking through the camo, on split rear portals instead of the one-piece, top-hinged tailgate on the standard-wheelbase model.At this stage, we wouldn't be surprised to see the new Clubman appear for the first time at the upcoming Geneva Motor Show . Whenever it does bow, it'll serve as the second pillar of the brand's reconfigured product lineup , following the new hardtop and preceding the upcoming next-gen Countryman Superleggera roadster and Minor city car.
Four students from Londons Goldsmiths University arrived at the television studio with a white jug kettle.
Their choice was intended as a protest against the police crowd containment policy known as "kettling".
Goldsmiths students were kettled twice during a demonstration against tuition fees in Parliament Square in London in November.
But producers of the BBC Two hosted by Jeremy Paxman who are producing the next series of the long-running quiz show – took exception to the choice of mascot.
A spokesman for the Manchester studios where the BBC Two programmes was filmed said: "Teams are allowed toy mascots, but it was deemed not appropriate to have the kettle."
James Hayward, campaigns officer at the university's students union in New Cross, South London, said: "The whole protest was over the police use of kettling.
"It is not a tactic that works, forcing people into one area during a protest and not allowing them to move."
He added: "There were people laughing in the audience. The presenter, Jeremy Paxman, immediately cottoned onto the joke and found it very funny. "
Graham Gaskell, chief executive of Goldsmiths Students Union, said :"Goldsmiths had a team taking part in University Challenge. It was filmed last weekend.
"Goldsmiths students being Goldsmiths students, I'm not surprised if they did this. They have been very active during the tuition fees protests and a number were kettled."
Published: June 6th, 2008 16:39 EST Human Rights and Scientology, Say What? By SOP newswire2 In a fine flight of irony, L.Ron Hubbard once said that his aim was to create `a civilization without insanity, without criminals and without war, where the able can prosper and honest beings can have rights, and where man is free to rise to greater heights.`
Those who follow the evolution of Scientological PR may have noticed that Human Rights is currently a favorite PR theme or diversionary technique. The Berlin org used a demonstration in support of human rights to detract attention from Anonymous protests on 10 February and on 15 March 2008. They are ready to invent imagined infringements of their own rights. But if we look at what they do rather than what they say we get a different picture. Their most notorious denial of basic human rights to freedom of movement, choice of work, adequate food and shelter, and a basic level of care is the RPF or `Rehabilitation Project Force`. The RPF is the CoS prison system, an essential element in their coercive treatment of members.
According to current information there appear to be RPF prison camps at Clearwater, Florida, inside the Fort Harrison Hotel, at Saint Hill Manor, East Grinstead, West Suss(e)x, England, at the European HQ of Scientology in Copenhagen, Denmark, on M.S. Freewinds (until it was grounded in Curacao), at Gilman Hot Springs (also known as Hemet or Gold Base), California and at Happy Valley, a ranch 11 miles from Gold. There was formerly an RPF at La Quinta, a ranch used as HQ by L.Ron Hubbard in his latter days; current status not known. There may be others.
The CoS, inventive as ever, has defined the RPF as `a work/study/counseling program that Scientologists participate in to rehabilitate themselves from whatever situation they feel they are in, by a combination of study, auditing and physical work`. It sounds like summer camp. Marlene Getanes, a Press spokeswoman, explained that the RPF is for members of the Sea Org (elite staff) who have done something to harm Scientology. They are sent to the RPF to be helped, to recognise their faults and how to avoid them in future. She presented the RPF as a kindly alternative to being thrown out of Scientology. She did not mention that entering and leaving an RPF is not optional. It is a notorious punishment which threatens sanity and health. Gerry Armstrong, who spent more than two years in the RPF, described it as a `psychological gulag` whose purpose was to break the human will. [1]
A day in a typical RPF starts as early as 5.30 - sleep deprivation is part of the treatment. As many as 20 individuals sleep stacked up in a small room. They have a few minutes to shower, dress and eat before undertaking a punishing physical routine, and then starting work. They may work to 10 pm, with half an hour for lunch, or in an emergency continue for as many as three days without sleep. Their diet is typically rice and beans and is short of many essential elements. Those sent to the RPF are also required to study Scientology and may work in pairs who supervise and report on each other. Some have their minds completely turned and become incapable of living anywhere else. The former Scientologist Andre Tabayoyon admits to using brain-washing techniques on prisoners to induce psychotic breakdown or suicide. [2] Escape is often attempted but after a lifetime serving Scientology a Sea Org member generally has no money and no commercial skills, and has disconnected from all his or her relatives and friends in the outside world.
The RPFs are of course useful. They provide the cult with free labor for its building and landscaping projects, free crew for the SS Asbestosis, and free staff for all its celebrity centers and more humble accommodation for visitors. Tom Cruise`s luxury accommodation at Gold, his swimming pool, gym, and other facilities, were built by members of the RPF, living out of sight of such `celebrities`. [3]
The RPF may also serve as a way of disposing of individuals who threaten the leadership. Many senior members of the inner circle of Scientology have `disappeared` in recent years, including David Miscavige`s wife, Shelly, `Marty` Rathbun, Warren McShane, and most recently Mike Rinder of OSA, but many others have gone missing inside Scientology. The documentary `Missing in Happy Valley` was inspired by the case of Wiebke H., once in charge of the Hamburg org, who generated millions of dollars for Scientology. Where are they? [4]
When Jesse Prince escaped from the RPF at Gold he was helped by some Soboba Indians, whose reservation is next to the Scientology compound. In December 2002 he reported that one of these Indian told him that the Indian community knew that people had died at the RPF and that their bodies were hidden there. Jesse did not find this reassuring. `I knew there were many Scientology management people being taken to Happy Valley and I never knew what happened to them all`.[5]
[1] Interview with Russian newspaper ANN, 2 March 2007.
[2] Andre Tabayoyon affidavit (34) Deliberate misuse of the Hubbard Tech (Black Dianetics).
[3] Andre Tabayoyon affidavit (22) Construction projects at Hemet Base.
[4] Documentary: Missing in Happy Valley: Investigation into Scientology`s RPF Camps` by Peter Reichel and Ina Brockmann. Scientology`s Record on Human Rights
by John Brown
[5] Jesse Prince, `Escapes from Scientology`s Gold Base through Soboba Indian Reservation`, 2002, in Lermanet.com.
Apple is already attempting to eliminate the need for consumers to carry a wallet and may soon extend its assault to the second pat of the venerable three-pat technique, as Apple chief executive Tim Cook said this week that the company designed its forthcoming Apple Watch to replace electronic car keys and fobs.
Cook shakes hands with employees at the Covent Garden Apple Store. | Via The Telegraph
Cook's automotive revelation came during an interview with the Telegraph in London, where the Apple chief stopped en route back to Cupertino. He had been in Germany and Israel, inaugurating the company's new research and development center in Herzliya.It is unclear whether Apple intends to deploy technology that duplicates the functionality of current-generation keyless entry systems, or if it will seek to convince automakers to integrate Apple Watch compatibility in future vehicles. Some have speculated that the current spate of rumors surrounding the development of an Apple Car actually point to an expansion of CarPlay, with a new mandate to completely replace existing in-vehicle infotainment and telematics systems.In addition, Apple will "tweak" its retail strategy to fit the Apple Watch, Cook confirmed to employees during a visit to the iconic Covent Garden Apple Store. Previous reports have suggested that design czar Jony Ive and retail chief Angela Ahrendts are working side-by-side on a revamp designed to make the stores appeal to potential Apple Watch buyers more accustomed to shopping in boutiques."The new spaces will surely become a more natural setting for vitrines filled with gold (and perhaps less welcoming, at least in some corners, to tourists and truants)," The New Yorker's Ian Parker said of the changes last week.Cook also let slip a few new Apple Watch tidbits, noting that the device's battery will last all day, and will require less charging time than an iPhone. The charger is said to use a "special magnet technology."Apple will discuss the Watch in detail during a special event set to be held in San Francisco on March 9. AppleInsider will bring live coverage from that presentation as it unfolds.
JERUSALEM (JTA) — Zion Square in downtown Jerusalem will be renamed for the teenage girl who was stabbed to death last summer at the city's gay pride parade.
The area will be called Tolerance Square in memory of Shira Banki, 16, who was killed in July by a haredi Orthodox assailant who had just been released from prison for committing a similar attack at the 2005 gay pride march. Five others were injured in the 2015 attack.
Banki, a high school student from Jerusalem, was marching to support her gay friends. Her parents donated her organs.
The Jerusalem municipality earlier this week announced a competition to redesign the site, which is being renovated.
“Zion Square, in the historic heart of downtown Jerusalem – which for many years attracted protests, demonstrations and clashes – will soon become a square to represent tolerance and mutual respect in the spirit of the late Shira Banki, murdered during the Gay Pride Parade,” the municipality said in a statement.
The square is located on Jaffa Road adjacent to the popular Ben Yehuda pedestrian mall.
“I've listened to countless speeches in this hall, but I can say this: None were bolder, none more courageous and forthright than the one delivered by President Trump today” –Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
The wisdom of President Trump's United Nations speech last week was nothing less than a demonstration to that dubious organization of how it might adopt the timeless political principles of the American founding—and a proclamation, in fact, that the international body must do so if it is to retain any interest at all for Americans. Against the sophism known as international law, Trump advocated the reality of the democratic politics of sovereign nations.
Trump's stinging political language—e.g., Venezuela's “socialist dictatorship,” “radical Islamic terrorism,” and of course “Rocket Man”—drew appropriate attention, but Trump went well beyond those jibes to expose the series of misconceptions upon which the U.N. is mistakenly based.
For decades, the U.N. has presented the spectacle of its member dictatorships claiming to protect human rights or terrorist regimes speaking for supposed shared goals of a common humanity. It is a farce. Trump's attacks, with his American alternative, exposed the twisted logic that led to these absurdities. They are the creation of Woodrow Wilson, who was both the prominent political scientist of his day and 28th U.S. president, a theorist who—unfortunately—was afforded the opportunity to put his ideas into practice.
In keeping with his distortion of American domestic politics, Wilson is also behind the fault in our foreign policy. The foundation of Wilsonian political science is a repudiation of the principles of the Declaration of Independence and a counter-declaration that the only hope for reforming America is in abandoning equal natural rights. According to Wilson, America had to be deconstructed—a task Wilson assigned to the rule of experts in an administrative state the objective of which was to replace constitutional government.
In foreign policy Wilsonianism attempts to replace low and unexceptional American national interest with the supposedly noble interests of “humanity.” His idea for a League of Nations was advanced to pursue this goal. Lurking behind the push for and support of this object are the academic musings of the young scholar Wilson, who argued that socialism was really the perfection of democracy.
Socialism denies that individual rights produce a private sphere safe from the control of government—so private property is always at risk, as is the individual conscience.
This corruption of democracy and lowering of the meaning of humanity sets the stage for the thuggish third world regimes who—without surprising those who understand the corrosive roots of the U.N.—seem to dominate it. This relativism is keeping, too, with Franklin Roosevelt's conception that the U.N. would make Stalin's Soviet Union a key member. Progressive political philosophy and economics saw increasing international order—irrespective of the means used to produce that order—as the inescapable goal of world history.
Eventually humanity would see a global administrative state that would produce human security by banishing famine, disease, and war. Of course, the elimination of war by a global entity would mean the snuffing out of “rebellions” (such as that of the Americans against the British Empire) and the establishment of what amounts to a global tyranny. It would be the sole possessor of weapons and the master of the force required to use them.
In place of this parade of horrors, President Trump's U.N. remarks recommended America's unique version of sovereignty, a sovereignty of the people, all created equal, against arbitrary government.
Trump's proposed reconstituting of the U.N. has the same purpose as his ambition to reconstitute American politics: to prevent tyranny and protect individual freedom. Trump repudiates the Wilson-FDR view of globalist order to reclaim the exceptional character of American sovereignty:
The greatest in the United States Constitution is its first three beautiful words. They are: “We the people.” Generations of Americans have sacrificed to maintain the promise of those words, the promise of our country, and of our great history. In America, the people govern, the people rule, and the people are sovereign. I was elected not to take power, but to give power to the American people, where it belongs.
Trump thus repudiated the language of the globalist foreign policy elites, both Left and Right, with their talk of “realism” and “idealism” and “the end of history.” Globalism affirms the Hegelian insistence that only the “rational is real,” making transnational rules—independent of citizen consent—the sovereign ones. Such rules, we are told, would serve to replace the “anarchy of freedom”—a power diminishing thing globalists appear to fear much more than straight up tyranny—as we see attempted in socialist dictatorships:
The problem in Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented, but that socialism has been faithfully implemented. From the Soviet Union to Cuba to Venezuela, wherever true socialism or communism has been adopted, it has delivered anguish and devastation and failure.
Here, Trump was denouncing not only the Maduro dictatorship in Venezuela but also the reigning Wilsonianism in the United States.
In place of European distortions of Western Civilization, Trump wants Americans to appreciate the heritage of their revolution, both its religious and philosophic bases, which should be the model of the democratic revolutions throughout the world. One of the greatest American patriots, John Adams, wrote that the American Revolution was “effected before the war commenced. The Revolution was in the minds and hearts of the people.”
In other words, Trump brought to the world stage what he gave to America: blunt speech about political reality that defies the elites who blindly support international order over the national interest.
The U.N. speech makes clear that Trump's version of sovereignty requires fundamental principles of natural rights in the formation of a social contract among citizens—equality, liberty, consent of the governed, and constitutional government. In deconstructing the administrative state at home, Trump is restoring borders, emphasizing political economy over international economics, and reestablishing American military power. As this promotes the common good, so all nations, each in its diverse ways, can promote the good of all nations by striving to be their own best version of themselves:
The United States of America has been among the greatest forces for good in the history of the world, and the greatest defenders of sovereignty, security, and prosperity for all. Now we are calling for a great reawakening of nations, for the revival of their spirits, their pride, their people, and their patriotism.
The “first bond” of a nation, Trump noted, is to its own people: “This bond is the source of America's strength and that of every responsible nation represented here today.” We do not advance the cause of “humanity” by surrendering our sovereignty to the amorphous goals of theoretic politicians governing Utopias that have never and will never exist. A sovereign nation has a duty to its actual citizens in the here and now if it seeks to preserve a future of peace and prosperity going forward. That is what Trump explained, in plain language, to the denizens of the U.N. and to their partisans at home.
Content created by the Center for American Greatness, Inc. is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a significant audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected].
There are a number of reasons the president and hard-liners in Washington think that the White House should pursue this path. But their views are built on a set of false assumptions about the nuclear deal that should be laid to rest.
First, some of the agreement's opponents claim that the J.C.P.O.A. is “the worst agreement the United States has ever entered into with another country.” This ignores an important truth: The nuclear deal is not a bilateral agreement between Tehran and Washington. In fact, it isn't even a multilateral deal that requires ratification in either Congress or the Iranian Parliament. It is, instead, a United Nations Security Council resolution. (Indeed, this explains why the deal continues to have wide support from the other Security Council members, as well as from Secretary General António Guterres.)
A second false assumption is that the deal is meant to dictate Iran's policies in matters unrelated to our nuclear program. This has never been the case. It was always clear that the path to reaching a nuclear deal meant setting aside other geopolitical concerns. Anyone involved in the years of talks that led to the J.C.P.O.A. can attest to this. For example, even as Russia and the United States disagreed on many other issues in the Middle East, they were able to work together at the negotiating table.
Reports now indicate the Trump administration wants to tie the nuclear agreement to Iran's missile program, a move that would go far beyond the J.C.P.O.A.'s intended purpose. Security Council Resolution 2231, which incorporates the nuclear deal, “calls upon” Iran to not work on “ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons.” But my country is not seeking to develop or acquire nuclear weapons and this carefully negotiated language does not restrain us from developing conventional military deterrence technology that so many other countries possess. The fact that Iranian missiles are designed for maximum precision proves that they are not designed for nuclear capability, as such delivery vehicles need not be precise in targeting.
A third false assumption is that there is a “sunset clause” in the deal, suggesting that in a decade Iran will be free of inspections or limits on its nuclear program. While it's true that some provisions regarding restrictions will expire, crucial aspects of inspections will not. Moreover, the deal establishes that some six years from now — assuming all participants have fulfilled their obligations — Iran should ratify the Additional Protocol on Nuclear Safeguards, part of the Nonproliferation Treaty. This would subject my country to an extensive I.A.E.A. inspection process. Iran will continue its nuclear program for energy and medical purposes as a normal member of the international community and signatory to the Nonproliferation Treaty after the period of years written into the J.C.P.O.A.
We Iranians — like all nations involved in adopting the deal, the international community and nonproliferation experts — recognize that the nuclear agreement was an important diplomatic accomplishment and it remains a credit to the international nonproliferation regime. Among the seven countries that negotiated the nuclear agreement, only America finds the deal's adoption controversial.
From his film about the hostage survivor Dieter Dengler, Little Dieter Needs to Fly, to his examination of the life and death of the eccentric grizzly bear activist Timothy Treadwell, Grizzly Man, Werner Herzog always seems to have an eye for stranger-than-fiction scenarios that make for fascinating documentaries. Over on Roger Ebert's blog, there's news of a new Herzog project that might represent his most important venture into factual film-making yet.
Herzog has apparently been given permission to film inside the Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc cave, a site in the Ardèche department of southern France that contains the earliest known cave paintings, dating back at least 30,000 years. Even more intriguingly, Herzog is planning to shoot much of the film in 3D.
The Chauvet cave, discovered in 1994, cannot be accessed by tourists, as the French authorities have deemed the risk of degradation to be too high, so Herzog's film might be the only opportunity for the rest of humanity to view the site. The paintings depict lions, panthers, bears, owls, rhinos and hyenas, suggesting a vastly different fauna at the time of the paintings to that of modern France.
"It's a film that I'd like to make because I'm so fascinated about cave art," says Herzog in a series of filmed interviews on the blog, which we've reposted here. "It's still tough to bring equipment down. You are not allowed to touch the wall or the floor or anything. I can have only three people with me, and I can use only lights which must not create temperature. For each shot, because the technology is not really advanced, we had to build own camera from zero using a specific configuration of lenses and mirrors. We are doing something nobody has done with 3D."
Herzog will narrate the film himself, which comes as welcome news. His familiar Teutonic brogue adds so much enthusiastic flavoursome fervour to his documentary films, and the interviews suggest that we're in for another uniquely skewiff vision.
"What is also strange," Herzog reveals, "is that somebody [in the cave] started a painting and then they left. And it's known that 3,500 years later somebody continued the painting. And then a bear that hibernated over it left scratch marks. And over the scratch marks there was man, bear, man, bear, man, bear, man [over time]. It's like time does not occur – it's completely fantastic."
Despite his adoption of 3D for the project, Herzog is not an out-and-out convert to the new technology.
"I do it [3D] very reduced and as if it was the most natural way to do it," he says. "3D will always have one major problem, and that is when you look as a human being, normally only one eye looks dominantly at things. The other eye is mostly ignored. And only in specific cases – if somebody approaches you – all of a sudden the brain starts to use both eyes for establishing depth of field and understanding space.
"But it tires you when you are a spectator at a 3D movie, because you are forced to see with two eyes and two images superimposed. So 3D, in my opinion, will only work, in my opinion, for the big firework events like Avatar."
It's a fascinating subject matter, but these types of films traditionally suffer from a dry and worthy approach that makes it hard for viewers to truly engage. Herzog offers something more colourful and distinctive, partly because the film-maker himself is just as captivating as his material. And yet he never overwhelms his subject matter. Does the prospect of seeing the film-maker crawling through rocky fissures and uncovering never-before-seen artwork, like some Germanic David Attenborough, have you salivating?
City streets, a winepress, pulleys, spinning tops, a ray fish, curdled milk: just a few of the many images used by 16th century anatomist Andreas Vesalius to explain the workings of the human body in his seminal work De Humani Corporis Fabrica. Marri Lynn explores.
Andreas Vesalius threw down a glove in front of established medicine and its scholars when, in 1543, he produced a massive anatomy text titled De Humani Corporis Fabrica — on the fabric of the human body.
Vesalius believed that the field of medicine was being ill served by sending its students to books to learn their anatomy. The flesh itself had to teach, not merely the page. This idea of hands-on learning trumping an ancient textual legacy was an affront to many of Vesalius' medical peers. Medicine was not a handicraft, but a noble scholastic art. Far from trying to disparage his discipline, Vesalius intended to elevate the most denigrated field of medicine – surgery – to that same level of esteem. He was taking a professional risk. But the Fabrica, the result of untold hours of dissection and writing, largely spoke persuasively for itself. Vesalius exposed hundreds of mistakes made by Galen, whose writings were still considered the chief source on anatomy over a thousand years after they had been written.
Naturally, there were some who still believed that Vesalius had misunderstood what he had seen in his dissections, or Galen's explanation itself. But the stance the Fabrica and its author took gained attention, and the idea of an apprenticeship in anatomy at the slab, rather than the desk, began to gain ground.
Still, opportunities for students to actually observe dissections were rarer than Vesalius would like, and could never fill the need of a student or professional to occasionally fact-check their memory, or consult a confusing realm of the body in more depth at their leisure. The Fabrica‘s illustrations were a small effort to reproduce, for the study, the complexity that would confront the anatomy student in the anatomy theatre. The resulting woodcut illustrations, beautiful works prepared at Vesalius' own expense in Titian's Venetian workshop, have become the centerpiece of the Fabrica's lasting impression.
But it is telling that Vesalius had his Latin text published in German only days afterward. The Fabrica was meant to be read, and read again — not merely looked at. This was all the more true for the students of anatomy Vesalius wanted to reach out to, who would be buying abbreviated versions of the massive text, without nearly as many (if any) expensive illustrations reproduced inside. And furthermore, two-dimensional images could never properly convey the constant movement and form of a three-dimensional body. Vesalius had to, as best as he was able, paint a moving mental picture with words that would be good enough for surgeons to use as guidance when they lowered their blade into the flesh of their patients.
To draw the reader's mind toward a mental model of the body's inner workings, Vesalius used his full toolkit of pedagogic devices. Metaphor and analogy, especially, could be used to help the student make the cognitive leap to understanding the alien. Now, these metaphors show us the ways in which anatomists might visualize and understand the structures, dynamic processes, and physical motions of the body. While he broke with tradition in many ways, Vesalius' use of metaphor was in fact a continuation of a stylistic and polemic tradition. Metaphor had been used by earlier writers, and in some cases, Vesalius drew from their dictionary of established comparisons directly.
But always, observation served imagination, and never the opposite. The best example of Vesalius' insistence on deriving metaphor from observable truth is his abandonment of the Galenic conception of the liver as having four main lobes, an idea which Galen acquired from his dissections of dogs. These lobes were colorfully called the hearth, the table, the knife, and the charioteer, in relation to their functions. After describing this tradition, Vesalius addresses this metaphor directly and in his usual straightforward way: “This arrant nonsense exemplifies the fancies of those who study the human fabric by imagination rather than dissection or try to learn from procedures on animals rather than humans.”
Since many of the structures Vesalius encountered did not yet have proper names, using creative analogues as visual signposts and descriptions of function was still a natural solution. With the intention that both elites and humble students would read his work, he carefully chose accessible symbols as his objects of comparison. His metaphors reveal not only the state of anatomical knowledge of the time, but realms of shared experience.
Many of the metaphors used in the Fabrica could have been written today. Vesalius sees the veins and arteries like a pipe, synovial fluid like oil, and the skeleton like the walls and supportive beams of a house. His mechanical metaphors strike one as especially current to our post-industrial way of thinking, but Vesalius' conception of the body as a whole formed by moving parts placed man's engines and inventions in imitation of Nature, and not the other way around.
We find city streets in the digestive system, a winepress in the sinuses, a storeroom in the stomach, and reins and pulleys in the ligaments. The Vesalian body was not gears and oil, but rather wood, stone, and all things organic and ingeniously designed by Nature. (Ingeniously, but pragmatically. Of the physical separation of the mouth and the remainder of the digestive system, he writes, “…the Creator of the world set the stomach below the thorax and the viscera contained therein, so that the outflow of the excrement would be lower down and well away from the senses that reside in the head; similarly in buildings the architects keep the inescapably unpleasant outflows well away from the eyes and nostrils of the owners.”)
To describe muscles, he draws upon the images of a spinning top, a ray fish, a pyramid, the letter C, a butcher's cleaver, and Benedictine cowls. Horns, nets, rivers, pumpkin vines, pigeon coops, wickerwork baskets full of curdled milk, grape root, and tree trunks shelter elsewhere in the anatomy, somehow envisioned amidst what must have appeared, to the untrained eye, as a bloody mess beneath the scalpel. Amidst lengthy, precise descriptions, these metaphors are bursts of color and clarity, never mixed or muddled even when presented in close proximity. As a Latin stylist, Vesalius was far from florid, making his choices of imagery interesting in their individual precision, contrasted with their overall diversity across the pages.
A modern translation of the Fabrica from Latin to English, in its entirety, has revealed the full breadth of the author's attention to detail, as well as his clarity in describing anatomical structures which still puzzle and entrance new students of anatomy to this day. Jacob Soll has suggested that Vesalius' manner of making the body more complex while at once demystifying it “changed the nature of corporeal metaphor.” The recent discovery of his own annotated copy of the Fabrica suggests that Vesalius continued to think about his choice of words well after publication. Whatever his qualms with the minutiae of his legacy, the Fabrica remains a work that struck the imaginative faculties and changed the practice of anatomy generations before technology would penetrate the flesh and render it truly visible in three dimensions.
Marri Lynn holds a BA in History from the University of Victoria, and an MA in the History of Medicine from McGill University. You can find her at: http://about.me/marri.lynn.
Links to public domain works
Illustrative plates from Vesalius' De Humani Corporis Fabrica (1543) U.S. National Library of Medicine
Annotated online scan of the whole of De Humani Corporis Fabrica (1543) U.S. National Library of Medicine
Andreas Vesalius, the reformer of anatomy (1910), by James Moores Ball Internet Archive
Other Recommended Readings
Marion Motley was born in 1920 in Leesburg, Georgia and was raised in Canton, Ohio. His family moved to Canton when he was three years old. Motley attended Canton Mckinley High School where he excelled at Football and Basketball. He led McKinley to a 25-3 record as a fullback and linebacker where their only three losses were to rival Massillon who were coached by the legendary Paul Brown.
After graduation, Motley enrolled at South Carolina State University in 1939. He transferred after his freshman year to the University of Nevada-Reno where he starred from 1941-43. After suffering a knee injury, Motley returned to Canton to work after dropping out of school.
Motley joined the U.S. Navy in 1944. As World War 2 intensified, he was sent to the Great Lakes Naval Training Station where he played for the Great Lakes Blue Jackets, coached by his old rival Paul Brown. Brown was serving in the Navy during an extended leave from Ohio State where he was the head coach. Motley played fullback and linebacker and was an important component of the teams offense and defense. The highlight, while at Great Lakes, was a 39-7 beating of Notre Dame in 1945. Motley was actually eligible for discharge before the game – it was to be the final game of the season and the last military game of World War 2 – but he stayed to play. Motley put up an impressive performance, thanks in part to Brown's experimentation with a new play; a delayed hand off, later called the Draw Play.
Paul Brown, in the summer of 1946, became the coach of the Cleveland Browns in the newly formed All-American Football Conference. Motley wrote to Brown asking for a tryout but Brown declined, saying he already had all the fullbacks he needed. At the beginning of August, however, Brown invited Bills Willis, another African-American star, to try out for the team at its training camp in Bowling Green, Ohio. Ten days later Brown invited Motley to come to camp as well.
Motley and Willis were the first two African-American players signed by the AAFC. Around the same time, the Los Angeles Rams singed Kenny Washington and Woody Strode to contracts in the NFL. The Rams were forced to sign the players because a group of Black sportswriters had pressured the L.A. Coliseum to stipulate that, before it could use the publicly funded Coliseum, the Rams integrate upon the franchise's move from Cleveland.
The Browns dominated the AAFC, winning all four league championships before the franchise was absorbed by the NFL.
Motley was the AAFC's all-time leading rusher (3,024 yards), but there was much for Motley and his team to prove when they joined the NFL. Motley and the Browns proved it immediately by Motley winning the NFL rushing title and the Browns winning the championship by beating the Rams.
Motley averaged 17.09 yards per rush in a 188 yard performance in 1950 against the Steelers which held up as an NFL record for 52 years.
While the Browns proved to be an elite team in the NFL, advancing to six straight championship games in it's first six years in the NFL, injuries slowed Motley, who eventually retired before the 1954 season. Motley finished his career averaging 5.7 yards per carry which is most for an NFL running back with at least 750 carries even surpassing the great Jim Brown who averaged 5.2 per carry.
Motley, after his career, had a dream to be an NFL coach. Motley asked Paul Brown for a job on his staff and Brown told him that “instead of coaching, go look for a job at a steel mill”, Motley also asked his old QB Otto Graham for a coaching job, but was also turned down for that job. Motley fought racism his entire life on the field and off and remains largely unappreciated in pro football history because of the injuries that shortened his career. He got his just due finally in 1968 when he became the second African-American player in history to be elected to the Pro Football Hall-of-Fame. Motley finished out his life working for the United States postal service, but he will always be remembered as one of the toughest running backs in NFL history.
A bunch of people are upset about the new scanners the TSA is using and upset about the new “enhanced” pat downs. I can understand. After reading a bit about both of them, it doesn't sound like something I'd like to run my family through. However, the suggestions I'm seeing for how to deal with it are ridiculous. Right now a bunch of people are planning on opting out of the x-ray machines the day before Thanksgiving which is going to create a huge travel nightmare. This might get some media attention, but it is going to take something that is moderately inconvenient and make it very inconvenient for a whole lot of people.
I don't see how this approach is going to get the TSA to suddenly change their mind about things. It isn't like the slow down is going to greatly inconvenience them–or at least not the people who actually make decisions for the TSA. Maybe the media attention with prompt changes, but that still seems like a round about way to try to create change.
If you really want to see changes made to the way TSA is treating people, there are three things you need to do.
1. Talk to your congress person
Let your representatives and senators know what you think and what you'd like to see changed. These are the people making the laws. They are only going to know what you want if you tell them. Complaining to your friends doesn't count–your congress person doesn't hear that.
2. Write the airlines
What if you could hire someone with lots of resources to take your concerns and try to get laws and procedures changed? Well you can and it won't cost you anything. Airlines have a very big interest in getting you to fly. I don't think most of them care what TSA does as long as people keep flying. However, if they feel they are losing money, they are going to start pitching a fit, hiring lobbyists, and doing whatever else they can to get the procedures changed.
Write them a polite short letter saying that you were planning on flying somewhere and decided not to because of the new security procedures. Remember, it isn't their fault, but let them know they are losing customers because of this.
Letters carry disproportional weight in most businesses. I have seen businesses go out of their way to change things based on a single letter. There is something about a physical piece of mail that makes companies take it much more seriously than a phone call and just a few letters can make a big impact. It might not happen right away, but imagine this: After a poor quarter the CEO asks his team, “why are sales down?” and someone answers, “well, we have all these letters from people saying they don't want to fly with the new security procedures.”
3. Write the airport
Airports are competing for business too and although most aren't going to have the resources of an airline, they are still worth contacting. If you don't want to walk through the x-ray machines, write a letter to airports that use the machine letting them know that you are using a different airport to avoid the machines.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Electronic Arts is removing a swarm of online videos revealing key gameplay details of its biggest game of the year, Star Wars Battlefront.
On Thursday, a select number of fans were invited to try an alpha build of DICE's major Star Wars shooter, and were asked in the end-user agreement to not publish videos of the game online. However, scores of players have ignored this proviso, and have published footage revealing in-game single-player and multiplayer.
In turn, EA has assembled a takedown team to remove these videos across various sites such as Vimeo, Daily Motion, and YouTube.
Three videos that have yet to be taken down, at the time of going to press, can be found below. One shows single-player survival gameplay, and another two show a Walker Assault battle on Hoth. The likelihood that both videos will be removed soon is high.
The video leaks come after players had begun sharing details of the alpha build online.
Fresh information about the game--which re-enacts key battles from Star Wars Episodes IV, V, and VI--was first published on the forum NeoGAF. The website lists a range of weapons and vehicles that appears to be accessible to players under certain conditions.
From the files contained within the alpha download, weapons available in-game include the E11, A280, DH17, DL44, DLT19, DLT20a, EE3, Rocket Launcher, SE14c, and the T21. Some weapons may be locked to special characters, such as the EE3, which is likely tied to Boba Fett.
None of the data should be considered as a guarantee of the content that will appear in the final game, which ships on November 17.
Vehicles, meanwhile, include the T-65 X-wing, the Tie Fighter, Lambda Shuttle, Y-wing, Tie-Bomber, Corellian Corvette, Nebulon B Frigate, Imperial Star Destroyer, Mon Calamari Capital Ship Home One, AT-ST, AT-AT, Tie Interceptor, 74-Z Speeder Bike.
Among other notes taken from the alpha files, it appears that players will have a range of emote animations to select, such as an SOS signal, as well as a standard applause.
Storm Troopers, meanwhile, might be able to be customised and tweaked, though this has not been confirmed.
Meanwhile, the Tatooine map has both midday and dawn versions.
Star Wars Battlefront has been pitched by EA as its most important game release of 2015.
In a recent interview with GameSpot, DICE general manager Patrick Bach discussed the pressure of fan expectations placed on the studio.
"You want Battlefront to be as good as the films, which means that if we don't do that, players will be very upset. They will be very clear about that fact," he said.
Liquor authorities across Canada are recalling a brand of gin that may contain almost twice as much alcohol as claimed on the bottle.
The Liquor Control Board Of Ontario was the first to issue a recall after its internal quality assurance team discovered that some bottles of Bombay Sapphire London Dry Gin had not been properly diluted, resulting in an alcohol content of 77 per cent, not 40 per cent as listed on the bottle.
Bermuda-based alcohol conglomerate Bacardi owns Bombay Sapphire (and other brands including Grey Goose vodka and Dewar's whisky) and the company told CBC News in a statement that, at most, 1,000 cases worth of 1.14-litre Bombay Sapphire bottles were impacted.
The mistake happened when some bottles "inadvertently entered the bottling line during a short period of time (max 45 minutes) when they were switching from one bottling tank to another bottling tank," Bacardi said.
All the bottles were bound for the Canadian market, and they were only sold in Ontario, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland and Labrador, New Brunswick, Manitoba, Alberta, Quebec and Saskatchewan.
It's the second time in recent weeks such an error has been discovered. The province's liquor board recalled Georgian Bay brand vodka in March because several hundred bottles had not been properly diluted.
Only 1.14-litre bottles of the product are affected, and they all have a product code of L16304 on the bottle. All affected bottles have been pulled off store shelves, but some may have already been purchased.
All affected bottles have a product code of L16304W printed on the bottom. (CFIA)
Anyone who has done so is urged to return it to the place of purchase for a refund. "We do not recommend consumption of this product," Bacardi said.
Four other provincial alcohol regulators followed the LCBO's lead and recalled the Bombay Sapphire gin, with the Newfoundland and Labrador Liquor Corporation pulling the product from shelves, as has Saskatchewan's Liquor and Gaming Authority.
Quebec's Société des alcools du Québec as well as the Nova Scotia Liquor Corporation have also recalled the product.
On Wednesday evening, the Canadian Food Inspection Agency announced the recall had been expanded countrywide.
"There have been no reported illnesses associated with the consumption of this product," the CFIA said.
Parents often feel a twinge of when they lie to their children about Santa Claus. But in her article, “The Santa Lie: Is the Christmas Con Hurting our Kids?” Slate author Melinda Wenner Moyer argues that the Santa lie “belongs in the ‘good lie' pile.” There is no need for guilt, she says, “because parents invoke him for their kids' sake.” I disagree. We need to pay to that twinge of guilt to steer us clear of immoral and potentially dangerous behavior.
Source: daveynin/flicker
Although I make this argument in great detail in my book The Myths that Stole Christmas, I first argued against the Santa lie in 2009 in an op-ed for the Baltimore Sun, entitled “Sorry, Virginia,” I suggested the Santa Lie should be avoided for three reasons. (1) It's an unjustified lie, (2) it risks damaging your parental trustworthiness and (3) it encourages credulity and ill-motivated behavior. One of the arguments people made in response—amidst an unbelievable amount of hate mail I received, which you can see here—was essentially the argument that Moyer presents. The Santa lie promotes imagination, and imagination is good for kids. As Moyer puts it, “What Kris Kringle does…is feed the imagination” and a “type of imaginative play that sparks , social and even—strange as it may sound—scientific reasoning.” (And her same argument has been repeated by like minded fans of Santa in defense of the Santa Claus lie, again and again and again…and again.)
Of course, Moyer is right about the benefits of imagination. What she (and the others who make similar arguments) fail to recognize, however, is that the thing she is defending—The Santa Lie—does not actually promote imagination or imaginative play. Imagination involves pretending, and to pretend that something exists, one has to believe that thing doesn't exist. Does the Christian “imagine” that Jesus rose from the dead? Does the Muslim “imagine” that Muhammad's rode his horse Barack (Al Boraq) at lightening speed from Mecca to Jerusalem and then ascended into heaven? Of course not; they believe these things are true. Tricking a child into literally believing that Santa exists doesn't encourage imagination, it actually stifles it. If you really want to encourage imagination in your children, tell them that Santa doesn't exist, but that you are going to pretend like he does anyway on Christmas morning.
Lots of children “play act” like they are Santa, and that does require imagination. But you don't have to trick them into believing that Santa is real in order for them to play that way—just as you don't have to trick them into thinking that Star Trek is real in order for them to pretend to explore alien planets in the back yard.
Moyer recognizes the worry that your children might develop trust issues when they realize that you have lied to them, but she argues that such worries are ill-founded. When they learn the truth, on average at around 8 she suggests, they know the difference between good and bad lies and will see it as a good lie. Consequently, they won't resent you, think is always acceptable, or reject their beliefs.
While Moyer is right that many children suffer no ill effects from the truth, she is wrong that none do. In “Against the Santa-Claus Lie: The Truth We Should Tell our Children” (Chapter twelve in Scott Lowe's Christmas and Philosophy) I document some horrific stories about the “big moment”—stories that show discovering the truth about Santa is often not with consequences--everything from the erosion of parental authority and trust to turning a child into an atheist. For example, Jay defended Santa's existence in front of his whole class on the mere basis that his “mother wouldn't lie” to him, only to read the encyclopedia entry on Santa in front of the whole class and simultaneously discover that she indeed would. When little Tennille realized that the reason she didn't always get what she asked Santa for was that he didn't exist, she figured that God's non-existence was the best explanation for why her prayers also went unanswered. I'm not saying that this happens to all kids; I am saying it's a possibility. If you are religious, I doubt it's a possibility you would willingly invite. Of course, if you are an atheist, you might like that the Santa lie does this. But there are even more reasons for not liking the Santa lie--reasons that should resonate quite loudly with everyone (especially atheists).
Moyer suggests that Santa encourages “Fantasy play [that] forces kids to think through hypothetical or counterfactual scenarios, which bolsters their reasoning skills.” Again, it's not Santa itself that does this; simply telling them the story but admitting it's not really true would suffice—just like it does for all other fairy tales we tell our children. But any positive effect Santa belief had in this regard would be completely counteracted and outweighed by the negative effects of what is necessary to keep the belief going. Don't get me wrong, children need to learn how to reason effectively and think critically, and I applaud Moyer for encouraging parents to promote this. But encouraging your children to literally believe the Santa lie is the last thing that encourages critical thinking and effective reasoning in children.
Think about what many parents do to keep kids believing. When a child brings doubts, parents often encourage the child to stifle those doubts and continue believing: “Just believe what you want to. After all, isn't that more fun?” They will sometimes plant false evidence (or show terrible fake “scientific” documentaries that do so), make up faux ad hoc explanations, or—worst of all—just say “he's magic.” But all these things are directly contrary to what parents who want to develop critical thinking in their children should do. Stifling doubt, believing based on desire (instead of evidence), being convinced by bad evidence, being fooled by ad-hoc explanations, and appealing to magic—these are all “bad habits of lazy thinking” that I have to drive out of my critical thinking students every semester. And, not surprisingly, the students in which these bad habits are most deeply entrenched are often those who believed in Santa for too long—far beyond 8 year old (sometimes into their teens!).
If your children already believe in Santa, then there is one piece of advice from Moyer that I endorse: Turn their experience of learning the truth into a critical thinking exercise; try to get them to figure it out on their own with solid reasoning.
If you are still deciding what to tell your children, however, decide now to tell them the truth. After all, as Moyer tells says, “Though lying can be an awfully convenient crutch…it's generally best to keep it to a minimum, both to develop trust between yourself and your child and to lead by example.” She's right! She's just wrong that December is a time for an exception to this rule. And if you are worried about what your kids might tell other children, just teach them seven simple words: “At our house, Santa is just pretend.”
David Kyle Johnson
Copyright, 2012
Kyle's book The Myths that Stole Christmas: Seven Misconceptions that Hijacked the Holiday (and How We Can Take It Back) is now available.
Initially, the tax changes will apply only to new commercial ventures begun after the budget is delivered at 7.30pm on Tuesday. However, it is understood the government aims to make the changes retrospective. It will apply the tax changes to existing businesses over time and, a source said, will ''consult on transitional arrangements''. The changes will not affect simple activities such as cake stalls or lamington drives, nor such ventures as op-shops or church hall hire, where the profits are put back into the charity. But not-for-profit entities will have to pay income tax on profits that are not directed towards their altruistic purpose and they will not be able to use input tax concessions, such as fringe benefits tax and GST, for the unrelated commercial activities. The measure has the support of mainstream charity and welfare groups such as Mission Australia, UnitingCare, Anglicare and World Vision. It is likely to cause discontent among other groups which will be hit with taxes. The government will also establish a new commission to drive the changes and determine the legal status of groups seeking charitable status.
The Treasurer, Wayne Swan, has been warning of a tough budget. He was given further reason to swing the axe yesterday when the Reserve Bank warned inflation was about to blow out beyond its target zone of 2 to 3 per cent. The Reserve signalled it intends to raise interest rates more aggressively than markets had expected in response to the inflation change. The implication is that the federal government should contribute to helping restrain demand by delivering a contractionary budget. The bank's quarterly statement on monetary policy said that even though official interest rates were already ''mildly restrictive'' at 4.75 per cent, this was not likely to be restrictive enough to keep inflation in check. ''Inflationary pressures are expected to build gradually over the forecast period as spare capacity is absorbed and the labour market continues to tighten,'' the bank said. In an interview with the Herald yesterday, Mr Swan said cutting spending and returning the budget in surplus by 2012-13 would ensure the government would not add to those inflationary pressures as the economy hit full capacity thanks to the new mining boom.
''We are determined to come back into surplus in 2012-13 and we will, because we come out of this softness with strong growth in the medium term and we don't want to be adding to any of the capacity and inflation pressures,'' he said. Mr Swan said it was not a political objective but ''an economic imperative''. Loading He conceded the revenue hits caused by natural disasters and a ''hangover'' from the global financial crisis would see this year's forecast budget deficit blow out, and did not dispute estimates of about $50 billion. Next year's deficit is also expected to blow out to about $20 billion, meaning a return to surplus in 2012-13 would require the fastest positive budget turnaround in more than 40 years.
Palestinian Bedouins in the Israeli-occupied Jordan Valley struggle to cling on to an age-old way of life.
Stretching from Mozambique in south-east Africa to Syria in the Middle East, the Great Rift Valley is home to the world's lowest city, Jericho, which was established over 10,000 years ago.
Farmers and shepherds have tended flocks and lived off the land in the Jordan Valley for thousands of years. But Israel's continued occupation of the region since 1967 is threatening people's traditional way of life, restricting Palestinian development on the land - and Bedouin homes in the area have repeatedly been razed.
Some 56,000 Palestinians live in the part of the valley that lies in the West Bank, many of who are Bedouin living in temporary communities, always moving with the herds.
Their determination to remain on the land is becoming ever more difficult in the face of constant attempts by the Israeli military and settlers to drive them off their land.
I get angry when I see this well nearly empty and the settlement draining our water to turn their areas into a garden of Eden...This is how they try to make us leave. By destroying the wells and preventing us from repairing them. Sirene Khudairi, a Jordan Valley solidarity campaign volunteer
With water resources and agricultural potential, the valley would be the breadbasket and water source of any future Palestinian state.
The Jordan Valley has some of the most fertile land in all of the occupied territories. Arable farming is a lifeline for many rural Palestinian communities, yet Israel controls most water resources in the area.
While making life difficult for local communities, Israel has also encouraged the spread of settlements - regarded illegal under international law - across the occupied West Bank for over five decades. The number of Jewish settlers in the Jordan Valley has nearly doubled from 2011 to 2018.
Israeli settlers already use the vast majority of the area's water resources and an increased influx would further threaten the living conditions of Palestinian communities in the Jordan Valley, limiting their opportunities for economic growth and pushing the people living there into greater poverty.
"The Israeli policy is to drive us away, not to aid our survival here," says Abu Saqr, one of the Jordan Valley residents struggling to stay on in the face of Israeli policies of home demolitions and arrest. His home has been destroyed three times.
Between 2011 and 2018, 458 housing units were demolished by the Israeli Army in the Jordan Valley districts of Tubas and Jericho.
During that same period, three of Abu Saqr's eight sons and Abu Saqr himself spent time in Israeli prisons. Since then, Israel's policy on settlements has also hardened and in 2018, it announced plans to expand 14 of the 20 existing illegal settlements and build three new ones, effectively doubling the Israeli settler population.
Local campaigners like Sirene Khudairi, have consistently protested against Israel's human rights violations in the Jordan Valley; and her activities led to her detention for nine months. "I get so upset when I see this well nearly empty and the settlement draining our water to turn their areas into a Garden of Eden," says Sirene, during one of her visits to Abu Saqr. Since this film was originally made in 2011, Sirene has got married and moved to Bethlehem to start a family.
Those like Abu Saqr and Sirene are stuck between a rock and a hard place. There's Israel on one hand, and the Palestinian Authority - whom they constantly have to pressure to support their cause – on the other.
The PA does its best to protect Palestinian farming communities in the valley and considers itself the last line of defence for any future, self-sufficient Palestinian state. But unfortunately, the Valley forms a third of the occupied West Bank, with 88 percent of its land classified as Area C (under the terms of the 1993 Oslo Accords), which falls under full Israeli military control.
This film documents the struggle of Palestinian shepherds and farmers in the Israeli-occupied Jordan Valley as they try to cling on to an age-old way of life.
Source: Al Jazeera
RIO DE JANEIRO/BRASILIA (Reuters) - An estimated 1 million people took to the streets in cities across Brazil on Thursday as the country's biggest protests in two decades intensified despite government concessions meant to quell the demonstrations.
Undeterred by the reversal of transport fare hikes that sparked the protests, and promises of better public services, demonstrators marched around two international soccer matches and in locales as diverse as the Amazon capital of Manaus and the prosperous southern city of Florianopolis.
While the protests remained mostly peaceful, the growing number of participants led to occasional outbursts of violence and vandalism in some cities. In central Rio de Janeiro, where 300,000 people marched, police afterwards chased looters and dispersed people crowding into surrounding areas.
“Twenty cents was just the start,” read signs held by many converging along the Avenida Paulista, the broad avenue in central São Paulo, referring to the bus fare reductions. Police there said 110,000 people lined the avenue.
In the capital, Brasilia, tens of thousands of protesters marched around the landmark modernist buildings that house Congress and the Supreme Court and briefly set fire to the outside of the Foreign Ministry. Police said about 80 of the protesters, some with homemade explosives, made it into the ministry building before they were repelled.
In Ribeirão Preto, near São Paulo, a 20-year-old demonstrator died after a driver plowed a jeep into a crowd. Brazilian media reported hundreds of minor injuries across the country, including a Rio television reporter who recounted being hit by a rubber bullet fired by police.
The swelling tide of protests prompted President Dilma Rousseff to cancel a trip next week to Japan, her office said. The president, whose administration was caught off-guard by the rapid growth of the demonstrations, also planned an emergency meeting for Friday, a government source said.
The targets of the protests, now in their second week, have broadened to include high taxes, inflation, corruption and poor public services ranging from hospitals and schools to roads and police forces.
With an international soccer tournament as a backdrop, demonstrators are also denouncing the more than $26 billion of public money that will be spent on the 2014 World Cup and 2016 Olympics, two events meant to showcase a modern, developed Brazil.
“This is fair play,” read a banner among the hordes in Brasilia, a twist on the slogan used to promote sportsmanship by FIFA, world soccer's governing body.
MULTIPLE GRIEVANCES
After the concession on transport fares on Wednesday, activist groups differed over what their next priority should be. On Facebook, Twitter and other social media, some Brazilians expressed disgust for the scattered violence and vandalism that marred some of the marches.
REFILE - CORRECTING BYLINE Demonstrators take over one side of the Rodovia Dutra, one of the country's main highways, during a protest in Sao Jose dos Campos, June 20, 2013. REUTERS/Roosevelt Cassio
The competing demands of demonstrators appeared to add to the intensity of Thursday's protests.
“What am I protesting for?” asked Savina Santos, a 29-year-old civil servant in São Paulo. “You should ask what I'm not protesting for! We need political reform, tax reform, an end to corruption, better schools, better transportation. We are not in a position to be hosting the World Cup.”
Inside Rio's iconic Maracanã stadium, soccer fans sang protest songs and showed support for the throngs of demonstrators gathering in the city. In Salvador, a northeastern city hosting another game of the soccer tournament that serves as a World Cup test run, protesters pelted a FIFA bus with rocks.
Police in Salvador, Rio, Brasilia and other cities used tear gas, pepper spray and other tools to disperse crowds. They donned riot gear and used horses, trucks and barricades to help channel the crowds and protect buildings.
The unrest comes six months before an election year and just as Brazil, after nearly a decade-long economic boom in which the country's profile soared on the global stage, enters a period of uncertainty. Economic growth of less than 1 percent last year, annual inflation of 6.5 percent and a loss of appetite for Brazilian assets among international investors have clouded what had been a feel-good era for Brazil, a country of nearly 200 million people.
Brazil's currency, the real, dropped to a four-year low on Thursday, trading as weak as 2.275 per U.S. dollar. The country's benchmark stock market index, the Bovespa, also hit a four-year low.
Slideshow (6 Images)
CHANGING POLITICAL LANDSCAPE
The protests have shaken the once solid ground under Rousseff and her ruling Workers' Party, a bloc that grew out of convulsive demonstrations by Brazil's labor movement 30 years ago. Until inflation and other economic woes began eroding her poll numbers in recent weeks, Rousseff enjoyed some of the highest approval ratings of any elected leader worldwide.
The demonstrations have been comprised of mostly middle-class, well-educated voters who do not form the bulk of Rousseff's electoral base. The president and her party have sought to get ahead of the complaints and embrace them as their own - a shift that contrasts sharply with a playbook that long relied on telling Brazilians that they had never had it so good.
With little more than a year to go before presidential and gubernatorial elections, the unrest is forcing incumbents and traditional political parties to reconsider their strategies.
2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney is calling for the Libertarian Party ticket to be included in the general election debates this fall.
Romney sent a tweet Wednesday indicating he wanted to see White House nominee Gary Johnson Gary Earl JohnsonPotential GOP primary challenger: Trump's 'contempt for the American people' behind possible bid The Hill's 12:30 Report — Presented by Kidney Care Partners — Trump escalates border fight with emergency declaration Former Mass. governor takes step toward Trump primary challenge MORE and his running mate, Bill Weld, on stage:
I hope voters get to see former GOP Governors Gary Johnson and Bill Weld on the debate stages this fall. — Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) September 7, 2016
ADVERTISEMENT
"If Bill Weld were at the top of the ticket it would be very easy for me to vote for Bill Weld for president," Romney told CNN in June.
Gillingham's Josh Wright scored a hat-trick of penalties in his side's 3-2 win over Scunthorpe in Sky Bet League One Gillingham's Josh Wright scored a hat-trick of penalties in his side's 3-2 win over Scunthorpe in Sky Bet League One
Most players might have the opportunity to score a penalty once every few games. But scoring a hat-trick of penalties inside ten minutes is virtually unheard of.
Gillingham's Josh Wright achieved just that feat on Saturday though, as his trio of successfully converted spot-kicks stole an unlikely 3-2 victory over promotion-chasing Scunthorpe.
Until the 77th minute, the Iron were defending a secure 2-0 advantage and, more than likely, content to sit back and ride out the final phase of the game.
Even when Matt Crooks brought down Bradley Dack and Wright dispatched from 12 yards, the comeback looked unlikely. But when a second was awarded - and again scored - by Wright five minutes later, alarm bells began to well and truly ring.
Four minutes later, Wright was himself brought down in the by Harry Toffolo and there was only one man to step up and conclude the stunning comeback; an inconceivable nine-minute penalty hat-trick.
Click on the video above to see Wright's escapades from 12 yards…
3,496
Christian McCaffrey is one of the most unique weapons in recent memory. His rushing line (5.8 yards per carry, 46 percent of carries gaining at least five yards, only 4.6 highlight yards per opportunity) suggests a 220-pound efficiency back. His receiving line (No. 3 target for Stanford, 13.4 yards per catch, 84 percent catch rate) suggests an all-conference tight end. His return stats (29 yards per kick return) suggest a 180-pound lightning bolt.
All-purpose yardage is a silly statistic. Since kick return yards are involved, and since even a mediocre kick return gives you as many yards as an explosive rush, all-purpose yardage rewards you for fielding kickoffs and for your defense not being very good. You can rack up a lot of all-purpose yards in a blowout loss.
Still, when you're knocking a national record out of your teammate's father's hands, you're doing something magnificent. It took McCaffrey two extra games (and fewer touches!) to do it. But his explosion against USC in Saturday's Pac-12 title game win gave him 3,496 all-purpose yards for the season, more than the 3,250-yard record set by Oklahoma State's Barry Sanders, whose son is McCaffrey's backup, in 1988.
McCaffrey saved his biggest performance for Stanford's biggest game. He had rushes of 20, 23, and 50 yards. He caught passes of 28 and 67 yards. He had a 31-yard kick return and a 31-yard punt return. At the end of the Cardinal's 41-22 win, his 43 rushes, receptions, and returns had generated 461 all-purpose yards and two fourth-quarter scores.
Unfortunately, McCaffrey's exploits came during a crammed-together, prime-time slate. With Michigan State and Iowa in a Playoff play-in game and with Clemson fending off UNC to retain its grip on the No. 1 seed, Stanford-USC was the third-most important game. A Friday night showcase could have made McCaffrey the Heisman favorite.
2,000
In 2013, we were all psychics when it came to Derrick Henry. Alabama's blue-chip running back gave us a glimpse of what was to come, when he ran six times for 111 yards against Arkansas and eight times for 100 in the Sugar Bowl against Oklahoma. With his recruiting profile and absurd-for-a-240-pounder explosiveness, it was clear that in 2015, when it was his turn to take over for T.J. Yeldon, he was going to go off.
Henry rushed for 990 yards as Yeldon's backup in 2014, helping to spell Yeldon and salt games away. But after just 207 carries in two seasons, it was time for Henry to shoulder the load. And my goodness, has he.
Alabama's offense hasn't been incredibly impressive. The Crimson Tide has had to adjust to turnover in the passing game. New starting quarterback Jake Coker had thrown almost as many passes for Florida State as Alabama heading into this season, and Bama's top three wideouts combined for 12 receptions for the Tide a year ago. As a result, Alabama ranks 27th in Off. S&P+ this fall, its worst since 2007, Nick Saban's first year.
But Bama has its best defense since 2011. It also has Henry. The offense has been slow to build leads, but once the Tide have an advantage, it's time to let Henry jackhammer away. The junior has averaged 26 carries and 153 yards per game, and he has saved his best work for the stretch. He rushed 38 times for 210 yards against LSU, 22 for 204 against Mississippi State, 46 for 271 against Auburn, and 44 for 189 against Florida. Saturday, he broke Herschel Walker's single-season SEC rushing record of 1,891 yards, and he'll cross 2,000 in the Cotton Bowl against Michigan State.
It's funny how we rage against Saban whenever we have the opportunity. As Henry crossed 40 carries against Florida, some were angry that Saban was being downright criminal by letting Henry get tackled that many times. But in terms of intended touches (carries plus targets), Henry has had 57 fewer opportunities to carry the ball than McCaffrey has. Granted, he's more likely than McCaffrey to be inviting gang tackles near the line of scrimmage, but cries of "negligence!" only applies to certain coaches, it appears.
Out of the backfield, at least, Henry has shown more explosiveness than McCaffrey. He has averaged 5.5 highlight yards per opportunity to McCaffrey's 4.6, and with nearly the same efficiency (43.7 percent of carries gaining at least five yards). McCaffrey's versatility makes the two hard to compare. But in terms of pure running back prowess, Henry retains the edge, especially considering the defenses he's faced -- three opponents ranked in the Def. S&P+ top 11 (Florida, Wisconsin, and Georgia, against whom he rushed for 484 yards), and four more ranked in the top 30.
SIGN UP TO GET THIS IN YOUR INBOX Get one roundup of college football stories, rumors, game breakdowns, and Jim Harbaugh oddity in your inbox every morning. Email:
159.6
A few weeks ago, Clemson pulled off maybe the most impressive span of games of any team in the country. The Tigers became the first team to move the ball on Boston College in a 34-17 win, embarrassed Miami by a 58-0 margin on the road, outlasted NC State on the road in a 56-41 shootout, then rode timely stops to a 23-13 win over a strong Florida State. The Tigers were tops in the Playoff rankings and the computer rankings, then threw it in cruise control.
While Clemson defensive coordinator Brent Venables has pulled off his greatest coaching job yet in guiding the Tigers to the No. 6 ranking in Def. S&P+ despite massive offseason turnover and minimal depth, wear and tear took its toll. After allowing more than 4.3 yards per play just once in the first seven games, the Tigers allowed 5.7 or more five times in their last six. Some of these were excusable (5.7 vs. NC State, 6.1 to Florida State, 5.7 to UNC); others were not (5.9 to Syracuse, 5.9 to South Carolina).
But even as the defense faded and the run game began to bear less fruit (over the last four weeks of the regular season, Wayne Gallman averaged 4.8 yards per carry and missed time with an ankle injury), Clemson's run to the Playoff continued apace. The reason: Deshaun Watson.
In my 2015 Clemson preview, I said, "it's all about Watson."
With Watson, Clemson is a Tier 1 team in the ACC. Without Watson, Clemson might fall behind Florida State, Louisville, Virginia Tech, and Miami at least. With Watson, the schedule sets up beautifully. Clemson faces three projected top-20 teams, but all three come to Death Valley, and while trips to Louisville, Miami, South Carolina, and perhaps NC State could be quite tricky, Clemson could be favored in every game. Without Watson, 6-6 is on the table.
The sophomore suffered a number of injuries in 2014, and the difference in Clemson's offensive quality when he was on and off the field was staggering. Was he injury-prone? Would he be able to stay on the field? And was he actually as good as his brief numbers suggested?
The answers: no, yes, and better. Watson averaged 8.1 yards per pass attempt, combining extreme mobility (954 non-sack rushing yards) with an uncharacteristically low sack rate (2.8 percent) and a remarkable 70 percent completion rate. Star receiver Mike Williams was hurt in the first game of 2015, and with a receiving corps loaded with underclassmen (of the top six targets, four are freshmen and sophomores), Clemson ranks third in Passing S&P+. His passer rating of 159.6 is incredible, considering he is also Clemson's best runner.
Watson has mastered the art of efficiency in a way that a true sophomore isn't supposed to. He has been the best quarterback in the country.
10.2
During the 2015 regular season, 42 FBS players (41 running backs and Navy quarterback Keenan Reynolds) rushed at least 200 times. Only one of these 42 ranked in the top six in both opportunity rate (percentage of carries gaining at least five yards) and highlight yards per opportunity (the yards you gain past five yards, basically).
Opportunity Rate 1. Wendell Smallwood, WVU (51.1%) 2. Elijah Hood, UNC (46.6%) 3. Christian McCaffrey, Stanford (46.4%) 4. Royce Freeman, Oregon (44.6%) 5. Ezekiel Elliott, Ohio State (44.3%) 6. Dalvin Cook, FSU (44.1%) Highlight Yards Per Opp 1. Dalvin Cook, FSU (10.2) 2. Larry Rose III, NMSU (8.9) 3. Jeremy McNichols, Boise St. (8.5) 4. Sony Michel, Georgia (7.1) 5. Donnel Pumphrey, SDSU (6.8) 6. Jahad Thomas, Temple (6.8)
Henry was a nice mix of efficiency (43.7%) and explosiveness (5.5). So was LSU's Leonard Fournette (44.0%, 6.8).
But Cook was more efficient than both and was far and away the most explosive feature back in the country. He played through a hamstring injury for much of the season and still rushed for 1,658 yards, 7.9 per carry. After getting slowed by Boston College (No. 3 in Def. S&P+) early, he dominated all comers: 22 carries for 163 yards against Louisville (No. 22), 21 for 194 against Clemson (No. 6), 26 for 183 against Florida (No. 5). He was, on a per-carry basis, the best running back in the country.
The fact that he only managed 211 carries likely held him back in the voting, but his prowess is perhaps the biggest reason for not voting for Henry -- if you're not even the best at your position, should you win the Heisman?
6
Baker Mayfield has a reason to be a little frustrated that he isn't going to New York. Oklahoma's quarterback threw for nearly 3,400 yards with 35 scores to only five interceptions, and he scrambled for nearly 600 non-sack rushing yards. His lofty 179.9 passer rating was stunning considering his fun-and-gun style. Granted, Oklahoma's Passing S&P+ -- which is adjusted for quality of defense -- ranked 10th to Clemson's third, but if there was any other QB deserving of the Heisman shot Watson is getting, it's Mayfield.
That said, another quarterback has a what-if case.
In the last six games of the regular season, Oregon quarterback Vernon Adams completed 112 of 169 passes for 1,865 yards, 21 touchdowns, and four interceptions. Passer rating: a massive 195.2.
Projected over 14 games, that's a pace for 4,352 yards, 49 touchdowns, and just nine picks.
Over 15 games during his 2014 Heisman campaign, Marcus Mariota threw for 4,454 yards, 42 scores, and four picks.
Adams is more mistake-prone, and while his mobility translates in the backfield, he doesn't get downfield as much as Mariota did.
Adams broke his finger in the season-opener against Eastern Washington, an injury that limited him and kept him out of most of four games. And during the five games after his injury, the Ducks went 2-3, held back a little by QB struggles and a lot by shaky defense. But despite the defense, Oregon was 7-0 when Adams was full-strength or close to it. And a full-strength Adams might have had a chance to post Mariota-like numbers. That probably would have gotten him an invitation to New York.
***
Henry is the clear betting favorite. But if I had a vote, it might look like this:
Watson McCaffrey Cook Henry Mayfield
Reynolds' proficiency in running Navy's system (which ranks 15th in Off. S&P+), plus his career rushing touchdowns record, deserves an argument. And with Texas Tech ranking first in Off. S&P+, Patrick Mahomes (4,283 passing yards, 42 touchdowns, 601 non-sack rushing yards) deserved more of a look than he got.
Receivers like TCU's Josh Doctson (pre-injury) and USC's JuJu Smith-Schuster put up better numbers than they get credit for.
And if defenders were capable of winning the Heisman (and since Ndamukong Suh did not in 2009, we know they're not), you could make a case for guys like Clemson's Shaq Lawson (22.5 tackles for loss).
But this is a running backs-and-quarterbacks award. Cook was more effective than Henry, which makes a case for Watson. Then again, advanced stats might favor McCaffrey.
Henry will probably win, and he's awesome. While there will be no Suh-like injustice, he's probably only the fourth-most deserving candidate.
Photos via Getty and USA Today.
* * *
SB Nation presents: Previewing the Playoff matchups and top bowl games
Oracle's own OLTP benchmarks show huge performance improvements with thread pooling
Source: Oracle Oracle has announced the availability of commercial extensions for the MySQL database. These new extensions are only being added to the Enterprise Edition and will further differentiate the commercial edition from the community edition. Previously, the Enterprise Edition only included external tools, MySQL Enterprise Monitor and MySQL Enterprise Backup, as part of its package, but the new extensions are much more deeply integral to MySQL.
MySQL Enterprise Edition's Thread Pool, for example, will offer improved performance on 16-core or larger systems. Oracle says that according to it's internal OLTP benchmarking, performance can be increased by three to 20 times. Two high availability offerings, an Oracle VM Template and certified Windows Clustering support, are designed to either speed deployment or provide failover support. Finally, building on the pluggable authentication API introduced in MySQL 5.5, Oracle is adding modules for external authentication using PAM or Windows.
Oracle's decision to introduce commercial extensions has already met with both approval and criticism from members of the community.
(djwm)
Two men in Thailand are in trouble with the law thanks to an Instagram photo posted by pop star Rihanna during her recent visit to the holiday island of Phuket.
The singer was visiting Phuket for a few days between stops on her Diamonds World Tour, departing on Sunday for Singapore.
During Rihanna's visit she shared many of her experiences on Twitter and Instagram , including a photo of her holding a loris -- an endangered primate native to Southeast Asia.
The Instagram picture, believed to have been taken at Phuket nightlife hotspot Bangla Road, was captioned "Look who was talkin dirty to me!" and "liked" by more than 230,000 viewers.
Singer Rihanna causes trouble when she takes a photo with an endangered species in Thailand.
Oakland, California, school kids put their spin on Rihanna's "Don't Stop the Music" to combat truancy.
Rihanna fans pelt her with chips after she reportedly arrives late to a concert.
The problem is, it's illegal for anyone to charge tourists money to take photos with the endangered primates -- an issue wildlife groups have long been trying to stamp out on the island.
Thai authorities react swiftly
Officials in Thailand quickly went on the defensive when outrage over Rihanna's loris image spread.
The government ordered the Ministry of Natural Resources and local Phuket officials to urgently investigate the matter, reported local website Phuketnews.com
Sunday night, a raid on suspected touts led to the arrest of two men, aged 16 and 20, who were taken to a local police station and presented to the media.
"It is very difficult to do the raids because the touts have spies," Awat Nithikul, leader of the patrol officers, told The Phuket News.
"If someone hears that the police are coming their way, there will be a person who calls the touts and tells them to move. But this is a big deal because it might affect Thailand's reputation."
The newspaper says the two arrested touts are waiting to be bailed, and the two lorises in their possession will be returned to a national park in the nearby province of Phang Nga.
Rihanna's X-rated experiences
It wasn't just the loris issue that stirred up controversy during Rihanna's visit.
Rihanna's tweets about her X-rated experiences relating to some of the country's more infamous tourist attractions also led to red-faced explanations by embarrassed officials.
According to the Bangkok Post , an English-language daily newspaper, Rihanna's tweets led to one official saying, "Sex shows were completely against the law."
"The authorities and law officials have surveyed the area to arrest and fine those involved [in staging sex shows]," he said. "But the shows still happen."
Pink train carriages - for women and children only - should be introduced to give them ''safe zones'' at night, according to a plan by the NSW Rape Crisis Centre and the transport union.
They are calling on the government to trial the carriages next to guard carriages, from 7pm to midnight for three months.
In the pink: An artist's impression of a proposed woman and children only carriage.
There were 203 reported cases of sexual assault and other sexual offences on the rail network in 2010, according to the most recent data. Women aged 18 to 29 were the most likely to be the victims.
While the rate of assaults was rising, Bureau of Crime Statistics and Research director Don Weatherburn said that given the number of passengers the rate was still low.
The University of Michigan plans to purchase two properties on South Division Street and two properties on East Madison Street for $3.17 million. The school recently bought the building that houses Blimpy Burger, and an adjacent building, on South Division Street for $1.5 million. U-M plans to build a graduate student dormitory on the site. Courtney Sacco | AnnArbor.com
Editor's note: This story has been updated with additional comments.
The University of Michigan plans to build a dormitory for graduate students atop land where Blimpy Burger and several other homes currently sit.
A new dormitory for graduate students will occupy the site of the Blimpy Burger restaurant, the University of Michigan announced Thursday. Joseph Tobianski | AnnArbor.com
The school plans to purchase two properties on South Division Street and two properties on East Madison Street for $3.17 million. The properties total just under 0.4 acres. The school recently bought the building that houses Blimpy Burger , and an adjacent building, on South Division Street for $1.5 million.
To make way for two other buildings on South Division Street the university is pursuing eminent domain because the owners would not agree to a deal with the university.
"We would like to proceed using the eminent domain process," U-M Chief Financial Officer Timothy Slottow told regents. Slottow wrote in a memo that negotiations with the property owners "have failed" and said the parcels "are necessary for the project."
Regents approved the purchases, the building, and the eminent domain request during a public meeting Thursday. The 370,000 square-foot project will cost $185 million. The apartment-style dorm will house 600 students.
The new building was made possible by a $110 million gift from Charles Munger. The gift is the largest donation in university history.
The properties the university is buying are at 535 and 537 South Division Street and 401 and 409 East Madison Street. They are registered to William C. Martin, former University of Michigan athletic director. When asked about the potential sale of the properties recently, Martin's son, Mike Martin, declined to comment.
The university is pursuing eminent domain to acquire the properties at 541 and 543 S. Division Street. They are owned by David Copi and managed by Copi Properties. Copi couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
The university will also be using a surface parking lot on Thompson Street as land for the new building. Krazy Jim's Blimpy Burger owner Rich Magner was notified in late 2012 that he would need to vacate the Blimpy Burger building at 551 S. Division St. when his current lease expires in August. Patricia Shafer, the property's long-time owner and wife of Blimpy Burger's original founder, Jim Shafer, sold the property to the University of Michigan for $1.075 million in December.
"I think they should leave a space in there (the new residence hall) for Blimpy's, don't you?" Manger said. "That'd be nice if they did."
Magner said earlier this month he is confident he will find a new space for his iconic Ann Arbor restaurant before his current lease expires in August.
"I'm going to certainly miss being here and a lot of things about this location are unique and very difficult to duplicate," he said. "There will be no problem in duplicating the food, that's for sure. A lot of my employees will come with me too, and we'll be taking many of the fixtures."
A crowd of regulars mixed with first-time guests were ordering burgers Thursday afternoon. Some posed outside the restaurant for pictures with the sign.
Mike Christopher, a 20-something living in Canton, said he came to visit Blimpy Burger Thursday because he saw it on "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives."
"I liked it," Christopher said. When he heard that U-M would be taking over the corner to build a dorm and that Blimpy would be closing at that location, Christopher shook his head.
"I think it should definitely stick around," Christopher said.
Born and raised in the city, Jeff Himlin, 39, of Ann Arbor, ordered his usual Thursday afternoon from Blimpy: A quad patty with cheese, grilled onions and mushrooms, wrapped up to go.
"I love Blimpy," Himlin said.
As long as Blimpy Burger stays in Ann Arbor and stays local, Himlin said he's not upset about them moving or the transition of the corner to a dormitory.
"Those four houses are old; this place is old too," Himlin said. "Change happens — they're building and expanding all over town."
James Franklin, 40, of Ann Arbor, was not happy to hear a dormitory would be replacing Blimpy Burger. He's been eating there for 20 years.
"I think it's bad," Franklin said.
Franklin said the development would create jobs and a more harmonious campus for students at U-M, but the removal of Blimpy Burger from the corner would leave a hole in the city.
"It takes a little bit away from what Ann Arbor is," Franklin said.
Until Thursday, the university had not divulged what would go on the site of the restaurant.
The school has commissioned Integrated Design Solutions LCC and Hartman-Cox Architects to design the new building.
In an December interview after regents approved the purchase of the Blimpy Burger property, Slottow said the surrounding South Division Street area was considered a strategic location by the university.
"When we do purchase property, it is for a very specific mission driven purpose or it is very strategically located property," he said in an interview with AnnArbor.com. "These houses on Division Street, you can see they're right on the edge of central campus and we have virtually no empty buildable property on central campus at this moment."
Lizzy Alfs, Amy Biolchini and Ben Freed contributed to this report.
View Division-Thompson Street Property Acquisition in a larger map
Kellie Woodhouse covers higher education for AnnArbor.com. Reach her at kelliewoodhouse@annarbor.com or 734-623-4602 and follow her on Twitter.
Barely 12 months after a tense year-long labour dispute with teachers ended in B.C.'s public schools, more job action could be on the way.
CUPE B.C. says 27,000 education assistants, clerical staff, trades, aboriginal workers, youth workers, custodians, and bus drivers in elementary and secondary schools have voted in favour of a strike.
The union says the mandate covers almost all of its 57 locals, in 53 school districts across the province.
CUPE B.C. K-12 spokesman Colin Pawson says members have not had a wage increase for more than four years and the union is hoping for funded settlements similar to those for other public-sector employees.
Legislation in 2012 ended a three-day walkout and bitter work-to-rule campaign by public school teachers.
The B.C. Teachers' Federation signed a contract last year that expired last month, but new negotiations are already strained as the Liberal government aims for a 10-year deal.
Exclusive Apple's iOS mobile operating system runs web applications at significantly slower speeds when they're launched from the iPhone or iPad home screen in "full-screen mode" as opposed to in the Apple Safari browser, and at the same time, the operating system hampers the performance of these apps in other ways, according to tests from multiple developers and The Register.
It's unclear whether these are accidental bugs or issues consciously introduced by Apple. But the end result is that, at least in some ways, the iOS platform makes it harder for web apps to replace native applications distributed through the Apple App Store, where the company takes a 30 per cent cut of all applications sold. Whereas native apps can only run on Apple's operating system, web apps – built with standard web technologies such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript – can potentially run on any device.
"Apple is basically using subtle defects to make web apps appear to be low quality – even when they claim HTML5 is a fully supported platform," says one mobile web app developer, who asked that his name not be used.
Apple did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
If a web app is run from the iOS 4.3 home screen – in other words, if it is saved to the screen alongside local apps downloaded from the Apple App Store – and launched into full-screen mode, it runs roughly two to two and a half times slower than it does in the browser, according to various tests. It appears that whereas Apple has updated the iOS 4.3 Safari browser with its high-speed Nitro JavaScript engine, Nitro is not used when web apps are launched from the home screen.
"Essentially, there are two different JavaScript engines," says Alex Kessinger, a mobile application developer and blogger who has focused on building web-standards-based apps for the iPhone. "They're not using the new JavaScript engine with applications that launch from the home screen."
What's more, such "home screen web apps" can't use various web caching systems, including the HTML5 Application Cache, which means they can't be cached to run offline. And they aren't rendered using Apple's newer "asynchronous mode". They're saddled with the old "synchronous mode", which means means they don't quite look as good.
Offline 'home screen web app' on Apple iOS 4.3
Though the company did not respond to our inquiries, Apple is apparently aware of all three issues involving home-screen web apps. According to Apple developers posting to the web, the speed issue has been discussed in the company's developer support forums, and one developer – the same unnamed developer quoted above – confirms with The Reg that multiple bugs have been filed on the issue.
He also says that bugs have been filed on the cache and asynchronous mode issues – and that he's actually discussed the problems with Apple. "I've talked to people on the Mobile Safari team who said they knew about the [caching] issue," he tells us. The caching issue is discussed on the popular developer site stackoverflow.
All three issues also affect native iOS web applications that use Apple's UIWebView API – i.e., native applications that tap the web in a big way. "[UIWebView] is a controller that you can include in your app to offer web content," says Alex Kessinger. "Some people write their entire app in HTML and then just bundle it for inclusion in the App Store."
Last year, as Apple boss Steve Jobs defended the company's decision to ban Adobe Flash from the iPad and the iPhone, he told the world that Apple believed in "open" web standards. "We strongly believe that all standards pertaining to the web should be open. Rather than use Flash, Apple has adopted HTML5, CSS and JavaScript," Jobs said in his famous "Thoughts on Flash" open letter.
"Apple's mobile devices all ship with high performance, low power implementations of these open standards. HTML5, the new web standard that has been adopted by Apple, Google and many others, lets web developers create advanced graphics, typography, animations and transitions without relying on third party browser plug-ins (like Flash). HTML5 is completely open and controlled by a standards committee, of which Apple is a member."
But at the same time, the company has a vested interest in its App Store, where it takes a 30 per cent cut of all applications sold, and pure web applications are ultimately a threat to the store, particularly when they're loaded to the iOS home screen as if they were local apps. "Some people like to think of it as a conspiracy theory, but it could be a bug," Kessinger says, referring to the speed issue. "If it is conspiracy, it makes a lot of sense for Apple. If you 'disallow' home screen web apps, you prevent people, in a way, from bypassing the App Store."
Image by Lloyd Arnold via Wikimedia Commons
Before he was a big game hunter, before he was a deep-sea fisherman, Ernest Hemingway was a craftsman who would rise very early in the morning and write. His best stories are masterpieces of the modern era, and his prose style is one of the most influential of the 20th century.
Hemingway never wrote a treatise on the art of writing fiction. He did, however, leave behind a great many passages in letters, articles and books with opinions and advice on writing. Some of the best of those were assembled in 1984 by Larry W. Phillips into a book, Ernest Hemingway on Writing. We've selected seven of our favorite quotations from the book and placed them, along with our own commentary, on this page. We hope you will all--writers and readers alike--find them fascinating.
1: To get started, write one true sentence.
Hemingway had a simple trick for overcoming writer's block. In a memorable passage in A Moveable Feast, he writes:
Sometimes when I was starting a new story and I could not get it going, I would sit in front of the fire and squeeze the peel of the little oranges into the edge of the flame and watch the sputter of blue that they made. I would stand and look out over the roofs of Paris and think, "Do not worry. You have always written before and you will write now. All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence that you know." So finally I would write one true sentence, and then go on from there. It was easy then because there was always one true sentence that I knew or had seen or had heard someone say. If I started to write elaborately, or like someone introducing or presenting something, I found that I could cut that scrollwork or ornament out and throw it away and start with the first true simple declarative sentence I had written.
2: Always stop for the day while you still know what will happen next.
There is a difference between stopping and foundering. To make steady progress, having a daily word-count quota was far less important to Hemingway than making sure he never emptied the well of his imagination. In an October 1935 article in Esquire ( "Monologue to the Maestro: A High Seas Letter") Hemingway offers this advice to a young writer:
The best way is always to stop when you are going good and when you know what will happen next. If you do that every day when you are writing a novel you will never be stuck. That is the most valuable thing I can tell you so try to remember it.
3: Never think about the story when you're not working.
Building on his previous advice, Hemingway says never to think about a story you are working on before you begin again the next day. "That way your subconscious will work on it all the time," he writes in the Esquire piece. "But if you think about it consciously or worry about it you will kill it and your brain will be tired before you start." He goes into more detail in A Moveable Feast:
When I was writing, it was necessary for me to read after I had written. If you kept thinking about it, you would lose the thing you were writing before you could go on with it the next day. It was necessary to get exercise, to be tired in the body, and it was very good to make love with whom you loved. That was better than anything. But afterwards, when you were empty, it was necessary to read in order not to think or worry about your work until you could do it again. I had learned already never to empty the well of my writing, but always to stop when there was still something there in the deep part of the well, and let it refill at night from the springs that fed it.
4: When it's time to work again, always start by reading what you've written so far.
T0 maintain continuity, Hemingway made a habit of reading over what he had already written before going further. In the 1935 Esquire article, he writes:
The best way is to read it all every day from the start, correcting as you go along, then go on from where you stopped the day before. When it gets so long that you can't do this every day read back two or three chapters each day; then each week read it all from the start. That's how you make it all of one piece.
5: Don't describe an emotion--make it.
Close observation of life is critical to good writing, said Hemingway. The key is to not only watch and listen closely to external events, but to also notice any emotion stirred in you by the events and then trace back and identify precisely what it was that caused the emotion. If you can identify the concrete action or sensation that caused the emotion and present it accurately and fully rounded in your story, your readers should feel the same emotion. In Death in the Afternoon, Hemingway writes about his early struggle to master this:
I was trying to write then and I found the greatest difficulty, aside from knowing truly what you really felt, rather than what you were supposed to feel, and had been taught to feel, was to put down what really happened in action; what the actual things were which produced the emotion that you experienced. In writing for a newspaper you told what happened and, with one trick and another, you communicated the emotion aided by the element of timeliness which gives a certain emotion to any account of something that has happened on that day; but the real thing, the sequence of motion and fact which made the emotion and which would be as valid in a year or in ten years or, with luck and if you stated it purely enough, always, was beyond me and I was working very hard to get it.
6: Use a pencil.
Hemingway often used a typewriter when composing letters or magazine pieces, but for serious work he preferred a pencil. In the Esquire article (which shows signs of having been written on a typewriter) Hemingway says:
When you start to write you get all the kick and the reader gets none. So you might as well use a typewriter because it is that much easier and you enjoy it that much more. After you learn to write your whole object is to convey everything, every sensation, sight, feeling, place and emotion to the reader. To do this you have to work over what you write. If you write with a pencil you get three different sights at it to see if the reader is getting what you want him to. First when you read it over; then when it is typed you get another chance to improve it, and again in the proof. Writing it first in pencil gives you one-third more chance to improve it. That is .333 which is a damned good average for a hitter. It also keeps it fluid longer so you can better it easier.
7: Be Brief.
Hemingway was contemptuous of writers who, as he put it, "never learned how to say no to a typewriter." In a 1945 letter to his editor, Maxwell Perkins, Hemingway writes:
It wasn't by accident that the Gettysburg address was so short. The laws of prose writing are as immutable as those of flight, of mathematics, of physics.
Follow Open Culture on Facebook and Twitter and share intelligent media with your friends. Or better yet, sign up for our daily email and get a daily dose of Open Culture in your inbox.
If you'd like to support Open Culture and our mission, please consider making a donation to our site. It's hard to rely 100% on ads, and your contributions will help us provide the best free cultural and educational materials.
Related content:
Writing Tips by Henry Miller, Elmore Leonard, Margaret Atwood, Neil Gaiman & George Orwell
The Big Ernest Hemingway Photo Gallery: The Novelist in Cuba, Spain, Africa and Beyond
The Spanish Earth, Written and Narrated by Ernest Hemingway
Archive of Hemingway's Newspaper Reporting Reveals Novelist in the Making
Find Courses on Hemingway and Other Authors in our big list of Free Online Courses
Southport Constituency Labour Party suspended to counter ‘intimidation' threat
Southport Constituency Labour Party has been suspended for a period of two months in order to prevent intimidation.
Several Constituency Labour parties in various parts of the country have been suspended earlier this year. South Shields Labour Party in the North East was suspended on April 1st amid accusations of bullying and fear.
http://labourlist.org/2016/04/constituency-labour-party-suspended-after-bullying-probe/
Labour Deputy leader John McDonnell has raised the idea of scrapping Labour's compliance unit which scrutinises behaviour of party members that is beyond the pale. Barrow in Furness MP John Woodcock has gone on record saying that said that the lack of a compliance unit would have meant paedophile campaigner Tom O'Carroll could have retained his membership, He has accused McDonnell of appearing to
“care more about twisting the Labour Party so it can become the play thing of his dodgy mates who've always hated Labour.”
Police were called in to investigate abusive behaviour by local members of the Manchester Gorton Labour Party a few days ago amid fears for the safety of members – following claims of bullying, intimidation and voting impropriety.
A day later, Labour bosses suspended Brighton Labour Party – the biggest branch in the country. Concerns were voiced about entryism by members of far-left groups. Now it has been decided that ‘enough is enough' and Southport Labour Party has been suspended for two months, along with all others, to prevent intimidation during the leadership campaign.
Meanwhile, Leader Jeremy Corbyn is reported as considering suing his own Party for the second time in days.
Submit News Contact us with your community, business or sport news. Phone 07581350321 Email ots@otsnews.co.uk Facebook www.facebook.com/Otsnews-Southport-1575528676012039/ Twitter www.twitter.com/onthespot_news Breaking local news as it happens, searchable archives with photographs, the ability to instantly comment on news articles – there are so many advantages to OTS (Onthespot) News. If you want your news read locally online then send it to ots@otsnews.co.uk – relying only on the newspaper is to restrict yourself to an ever reducing audience.
Comments
The Apple Logo in Unicode
Please avoid using it on the web
This is probably fine for Mac-only applications. But it is NOT appropriate, and even WRONG, and it will NOT work properly as a general web page character. The problem is that the unicode value used is one of several that is set aside for private use. That means that each operating system, or application, or implementation is free to use those unicode characters for anything they want. It just so happens that Apple has chosen to use unicode character U+F8FF (decimal value 63743, or on the web as either  or ) as the Apple Logo. But some Windows fonts put in a Windows logo. And some other fonts put in a Klingon Mummification glyph. Or elven script. Or anything they want. And if it isn't defined in your local font, you'll just see a square. So who knows what you might see when I put the character in right here: 
Yes, on a Mac, you probably see an actual Apple Logo. But on other systems, you probably see other things. So what is it good for? You can use it on Mac-only programs, and it'll probably work fine (especially if the application explicitly sets the font to one where you know this character is defined as the Apple Logo). You can even use it on Mac-only web pages if you are absolutely sure that you don't care if it is wrong on non-Mac browsers.
But you can not claim surprise when people say they see a Windows Logo on your Apple web-page.
Slightly More Useful Mac characters
⌘ - ⌘ - ⌘ - the Command Key symbol
⌥ - ⌥ - ⌥ - the Option Key symbol
⇧ - ⇧ - ⇧ - the Shift Key (really just an outline up-arrow, not Mac-specific)
⎋ - ⎋ - ⎋ - the Escape Key (also not Mac-specific; described as "BROKEN CIRCLE WITH NORTHWEST ARROW", or an escape character from ISO 9995-7). I originally thought this was supposed to be a symbol for the power button.
And while we're at it, some related (not mac-specific):
⇥ - ⇥ - ⇥ - the Tab Key symbol
⏎ - ⏎ - ⏎ - the Return Key symbol
⌫ - ⌫ - ⌫ - the Delete Key symbol
⌽ - ⌽ - ⌽ - a possible substitute for the Power symbol
Even though these are defined in standard Unicode, there is no guarantee that they will exist in the font of the receiving browser, but they're at least globally defined, so they're fair game.
Peeve
Feh.
Update: December 2010 As of October, Unicode 6.0 is out, and it adds lots of new stuff (note that very few fonts actually support these yet). New stuff like emoticons. Map symbols. There's a bomb symbol. There are bicycles (and lots of other transport symbols). Thumbs up and down, and an "ok" sign (but no flipping the bird that I could find). Animal symbols.
They also added some audio symbols. There are symbols for mute, unumute, volume up/down (and brightness up/down). Theres a single play/pause symbol now. And there's fast forward, and rewind. There's skip forward and back if you like double arrow and vertical bar, but not if you only wantd a single arrow and vertical bar.
BUT there is still no pause symbol! This is hard to imagine. There are several different single vertical bars that can be paired up. But I have not found one which always pairs appropriately in all fonts. It's insane that they left this out. Maybe it's there and I haven't found it yet? Please?
And the same for the power symbol. A kind reader pointed out that at least in some fonts, the U-233D "APL Functional Symbol Circle Stile" symbol - ⌽ - looks like the IEC 5010 power symbol (a vertical line inside of a circle). The official code charts example shows it as a vertical line going through a circle not inside of it. And at any rate, most "power" buttons are soft buttons and appropriately use the IEC 5009 standby symbol, which is a vertical line entering the top of an open circle. This does not exist at all as far as I can tell.
So, nice try, but no cigar.
Update: November 2014 Apparently Unicode is making progress. Sometime in 2014, they added in a "double vertical bar" symbol (U+23F8), which is commented as the pause. They also added play, stop, record, and a few others in a dedicated block. Some of them are explicitly named for there function but most are named for their appearance, with the function listed only as a comment. This is fairly typical. Designers of fonts should use the comments to understand a symbol's real, practical (current) usage, so they can make the "double vertical bar" look appropriate for pause, just as they should make that new "black waning crescent moon" symbol look appropriately like the standard "sleep" icon.
Also, they've supposedly voted in a few power-related symbols, including a "power" symbol (U+23FB) which is the IEC 5009 symbol, as well as a sleep symbol (U+23FE), and a dedicated "toggle power" symbol (U+23FC). However these still don't appear in their official code charts. Unicode.org lists these as in "stage 6", "accelerated for publication in the Unicode Standard while still in active technical ballot". They'll probably be in Unicode 9.0.
Coincidentally, all the things I whined about here are all in the U_23Fx range. It's like I have my own little dedicted block there in Unicode. Whining wins.
24 comments:
At 2010/01/16 19:14
Sean wrote: Just out of curiosity, where have you seen ⎋ considered a Power Button symbol? I've only ever seen it used to mean "escape". Every use of a power button symbol I've ever seen, in particular every use by Apple, has been of the IEC power/standby symbol you mention, which as you know has a vertical stroke, not a northwest arrow. At 2010/01/16 22:11
wrote: Under Leopard, that character appears in the Apple Menu, as part of the shortcut for Force Quit. Also, the same character is used in System Preferences, Keyboard Shortcuts. tom At 2010/02/07 14:31
Alexsander Akers wrote: If this (http://drp.ly/mhP7U) is the menu item you are referring to, it is indeed the Escape button. Try the shortcut but with the power button, and it does nothing? At 2010/02/08 9:33
wrote: Whoops, I guess I got that one wrong. I'll make some changes to the web page to fix it up. I wonder why they didn't use Unicode character 241B (␛)? tom At 2010/02/23 5:25
Leo Davidson wrote: For what it's worth, here's what the symbols look like in IE and Firefox on a Windows 7 machine. I think both browsers are using their default font configuration (but maybe I changed Firefox and can't remember :)). http://www.pretentiousname.com/temp/apple_unicode.png The Broken Circle with Northwest Arrow is the strangest. In Firefox it turns into an *un*broken circle with a diagonal line (not an arrow) through it. I totally agree with your peeve section. Unicode has so much esoteric cruft in it that squandared the code points, yet is missing several things which would be widely useful. It's not just the silly pictures (like the palm tree on a beach glyph) but things like dead languages which are only used by a handful of scholars. I imagine the 10 people who care about mixing Ancient Aramaic with other languages could get by using a special font and the private character ranges. As a programmer, it really annoys me because UTF-16 ran out of its 65,000 characters and now has some characters which are double-width (i.e. 32-bit), which leads to all kinds of bugs and security exploits due to code which doesn't handle such characters properly, either because the author didn't know or because they tried but it's ridiculously complex to deal with character strings where the characters use a varying number of bytes, and even more so when it's a very abnormal (i.e. rarely tested) case (unlike UTF-8). Sigh! At 2010/02/23 5:36
Leo Davidson wrote: Oops, I said "Ancient Aramaic" in my previous post. That is still of interest to a lot of people! I meant Meroitic: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meroitic_language Existed for about 100 years and is currently spoken by zero people, yet it's taking up space in Unicode that is too valuable for music-playback symbols (etc.) which would only be useful to a few million people. :) (BTW, the posting form seemed to strip out the close-anchor tag if it used a lowercase 'a'. Using an uppercase 'A' made it work.) At 2010/03/16 11:33
Uli Kusterer wrote: Hi, just thought I'd mention that the "command key symbol" is actually not Mac-specific either. It's the Swedish "place of interest sign" symbol. And that's actually where Apple got the idea for this image from. If you look at this symbol in the Mac's character palette, it will actually be called the "place of interest sign", as well. At 2010/12/27 15:31
lenin wrote: Power btn: ⌽ Option btn: ⎇ Enter/Return: ⏎ Tab: ⌦ Backspace: ⌫ Control: ⌃ At 2010/12/28 14:16
wrote: Thanks. The option symbol you provided is actually upside down from the one that Apple uses, which I provided in the original article. And what you show as a tab is a forward delete. Does Apple use this as a tab symbol somewhere? At any rate, I've made a few changes based on your email. And you prompted me to notice that Unicode 6.0 is out with new stuff. Thanks. tom At 2011/02/14 11:49
Kaleb David McKale wrote: ⌦ is achieved by "fn ⌫" ☺
It's also interesting that Apple uses
↖ for Home
↘ for End
⇞ for Page Up
⇟ for Page Down
⌤ for Enter (even though its use is not consistent app to app)
I agree it's very annoying to not have a character for the power button. ☹
At 2011/04/29 7:15
Shane wrote: When I first saw ⎋ in a Mac menu as part of a keyboard shortcut, I immediately thought it meant the power button. I figured out later that this was not the case.
Glad to see someone else was just as confused as I was about this :) At 2011/05/09 19:33
Hamranhansenhansen wrote: The symbol that Apple uses for the power button is on the power button of any Mac for at least the last decade. I would guess the reason that Apple uses "BROKEN CIRCLE WITH NORTHWEST ARROW" instead of [ESC] is internationalization. Or to prevent people reading it as E+S+C. Or maybe just because key shortcuts are always shown with symbols. For the shift key, you might want to use "UPWARDS WHITE ARROW" and for caps lock, the matching "UPWARDS WHITE ARROW FROM BAR." That is what Apple appears to be using in the macOS menus also. At 2011/05/09 19:41
wrote: Yes, that power/standby symbol is standard across many vendors. Except it is not in Unicode. The caps lock would be unicode U+21EA, ⇪ ⇪ ⇪ At 2011/11/02 0:42
wrote: "but no flipping the bird that I could find" ┌∩┐(◕_◕)┌∩┐ 凸ಠ益ಠ)凸 from https://gist.github.com/157796 At 2011/11/02 10:57
wrote: Not what I meant, but cute. At 2011/11/07 21:00
wrote: Re Meroitic language. There is another script of which there is only one surviving artefact. It almost certainly does not contain the complete alphabet yet the letters have been included in Unicode! How useless is that? It seems that the Unicode people say "Oh my God! Some random letters from an unknown language! We must include them straight away because Unicode is for cataloguing every language that ever existed!" I'd love to see extremely widely used, unambiguous symbols such as "play" and "pause" in Unicode. At 2011/11/11 16:00
Andr�s Sanhueza wrote: There's an ongoing Unicode proposal to encode Wingdings and Webdings characters, which includes the "pause" symbol. http://www.dkuug.dk/jtc1/sc2/wg2/docs/n4115.pdf The "Audio UI" symbols have been accepted, among other things. http://www.unicode.org/alloc/Pipeline.html Naturally, the Windows logo was the only symbol excluded from the proposal. At 2011/11/12 11:04
wrote: That's excellent news - I hope the proposal is accepted. Thanks. At 2011/11/16 10:07
ChristTrekker wrote: I've heard talk about a proposal to encode the symbols found in Apple's old Cairo font, to mirror the proposal to encode the *dings fonts. http://68kmla.org/wiki/Cairo At 2011/11/16 11:50
wrote: Yeah, but still no relief on any of the power symbols. I'm going to solve this problem myself. Until there are IEC power symbols in Unicode, I'm going to recommend that font designers standardize five of the unicode characters from the private use area (which has thousands of slots available). IEC 5007 Power-on symbol, use unicode ec17 IEC 5008 Power-off symbol, use unicode ec18 IEC 5009 Standby symbol, use unicode ec19 IEC 5010 Hard Power on/off symbol, use unicode ec1a IEEE 1621 Sleep symbol, use unicode ec1b Is this the wrong way to do a standard? Yes. But there's nothing wrong with font designers using these slots. It's a private use area - they can use them for anything they like. If it just so happens that lots of font designers all put these glyphs in these slots, how can that be wrong? At 2011/12/12 10:55
Andr�s Sanhueza wrote: Although is not really a proposal, Karl Pentzlin submitted a document as reference for others with Apple symbols that has not equivalent in Unicode: ftp://std.dkuug.dk/JTC1/sc2/WG2/docs/n4127.pdf At 2017/08/03 21:01
DeusExMachina wrote: For the (pedantic) record, Meroitic existed as a written and spoken language for over a thousand years. At 2018/06/24 14:28
Piotr Grochowski wrote: Talking about characters not in Unicode, I noticed that a hell LOT of superscripts and subscripts are missing in Unicode. While it's true that it would take infinite Unicode space to add superscripts and subscripts of every Unicode character including the superscripts and subscripts themselves, and superscript superscripts, subscript superscripts, superscript subscripts, subscript superscripts, etc..., there are still some valuable superscripts, subscripts and small capitals not in Unicode. Not even the entire ASCII or even letters are covered!!! I had to use MANY private use slots to get around that in my font: https://pastebin.com/raw/YG5vYJec
There is also something MUCH WORSE than that: the bad rendering of and tags. Most browsers render a smaller shifted version of characters when in these tags. That's the wrong way; if I could make my own OS, its browser would totally render them as the Unicode or private use characters, and the OS would have its own bitmap font format that allows Unicode. At 2018/10/05 13:26
Jess wrote: Unicode 9.0 includes the IEC power symbols! See https://unicodepowersymbol.com/ Power (standby) = ⏻ (U+23FB)
open circle with vertical line traversing Power On-Off = ⏼ (U+23FC)
closed circle with vertical line inside Power On = ⏽ (U+23FD)
heavy vertical line Sleep = ⏾ (U+23FE)
crescent moon "opening" rightward and slightly up Power Off = ⭘ (U+2B58)
empty circle (actually just the "heavy circle" glyph)
Add a comment
More Mac OS X Stuff
Scientists have documented Indian dancing frogs for over a century. For that century, they've found only adult frogs. At last, a team of biologists has found the tadpoles that develop into frogs—and they've found them underground.
Micrixalus herrei, one of a number of “dancing frogs” in India, spends its days in fast-moving streams. It gets its name from the fact that it extends its arms and legs in a sort of stylized dance as a way to get the attention of potential mates. It's gotten the attention of many biologists over the years, but its life-cycle has remained mysterious. No one had ever seen the tadpoles in the streams and ponds the frog frequented.
Advertisement
This turns out not to have been surprising. The tadpoles didn't live in the water. They were underground. A group of scientists from University of Delhi, University of Peradeniya, and Gettysburg College found these tadpoles burrowing in the sand beneath the streams.
These tadpoles live an “entirely fossorial life,” meaning they spend their entire youth burrowing and only emerge onto land once they've achieved their adult forms. As they burrow, they take in sand and digest the organic matter within it.
The tadpoles are adapted for their underground life. They're more muscular, so they can fight their way through the sand. They have ribs, which is rare for frogs. The ribs give the muscles reinforcement and protect the internal organs from the pressure of the sand. Living their lives underground, they have no use for eyes, so their eyes develop later than those of other frogs. Those eyes still need to be protected, which means that the tadpoles have thick skin over each eye-bud. Finally, they have what are called “lime sacs”—sacs containing calcium carbonate, the mineral that helps build bones and shells.
Advertisement
Only in late metamorphosis do these blind, eel-like things venture out of the ground. At that point they look like frogs with tails. That tail shrinks, the frog gets bigger, and eventually it's dancing around, trying to find a mate and make blind, burrowing eel-babies of its own.
[PLOS ONE]
Brood War reigns in Korea
The spectacle of the grand finals
Commanding attention worldwide
One step at a time
Passing the torch and fanning the flames
Plunging prices and booming investments are beginning to reshape the energy market, according to a couple of reports that were released this week. A report produced on behalf of Bloomberg says that investments in renewable energy have gone up by roughly a third over the last year, to $211 billion. Led by China's renewable push, the world is now on a trajectory that will see its investments in renewable electricity surpass those in fossil fuels within a year or two. As a result of these investments, the US is now producing more renewable energy than nuclear power.
First, renewable investments. Bloomberg's New Energy Finance group has collaborated with the UN Environment Programme and the Frankfurt School of Finance and Management to produce a global overview of funding for renewable power. This includes the obvious—financing for the construction of utility-scale projects and home installations—and some non-obvious funding, like merger and acquisition activity.
Any way you look at things, the numbers make it clear just how significant renewables have become. Excluding hydropower, renewables made up about 35 percent of the power capacity added worldwide last year, and produced over five percent of the total power. Investments directed toward this new capacity (excluding things like mergers) hit $187 billion, and are closing in fast on the spending on fossil fuel power plants, cutting the gap in spending to $31 billion, down from $74 billion. At that pace, we'll be investing more in renewables either this year or next.
Renewables made up 35 percent of the power capacity added worldwide last year.
Part of the reason is cost. Although wind turbines are very mature technology now, their cost per MW still fell by 18 percent over the last two years; photovoltaics have dropped a staggering 60 percent in that time. "Further improvements in the levelised cost of energy for solar, wind and other technologies lie ahead, posing a bigger and bigger threat to the dominance of fossil-fuel generation sources in the next few years," according to the report's authors.
That will be a major transition, but another one took place already this past year: more financing went to utility-scale projects in the developing economies than in the industrialized ones. That change is driven by China, where investments were up by about 30 percent, reaching $49 billion.
The US, despite seeing a jump of 60 percent, still trailed far behind, with only about $25 billion in these investments. That would be enough to put the US in second place, at least until small-scale distributed solar is considered. Rooftop and similar capacity boomed in Germany after several years of government-driven investment in larger projects. Small-scale solar now constitutes the majority of Germany's investment, and is sufficient to push it into second place globally. A similar trend was apparent in other European countries, including Italy, France, and the Czech Republic. These installations are also enough to push solar energy much closer to wind power when it comes to total investments.
Renewables are also becoming a major factor outside of the BRIC countries (Brazil, Russia, India, China). Latin American investments tripled to clear $6 billion, and other Asian nations saw 30 percent growth to $4 billion. But the big story is Africa, led by Egypt and Kenya, where investments were up nearly five-fold, reaching $3.6 billion. "Solar telecommunications towers," the report argues, "are becoming the technology of choice, not a poor substitute for diesel or other fossil-fuel power options."
These trends have driven a major milestone in the US. The US Energy Information Agency performs a monthly review of the national energy economy, and its most recent report (for June) held a bit of a surprise: renewable energy has passed nuclear for the first three months this year. Electricity generated by nuclear plants has held steady at about 8,400 quadrillion BTUs for the last several years, while renewables have experienced strong growth, reaching just over 8,000 Quads last year.
This figure includes biomass, which has seen significant growth over the last decade, as has wind. So far, solar is barely registering, but several major utility-scale projects are in the works, both photovoltaic and concentrated solar, so that may change before too long.
Developed economies still have a substantial lead when it comes to R&D investments, which are helping to drive the costs of solar (and other technologies) downwards. Government policies in these nations have also fostered increased production, which is pushing the costs down even further. But the rapid growth of renewables outside these economies show that globalization has ensured that the benefits are spreading rapidly to other countries, where renewables are enabling off-the-grid operation of key infrastructure.
Listing image by Image: NASA
Buy Photo Last week, the sign still read Ciao Trolley Pizza & Grill. As of Aug. 15, the business at the corner of Wilmington's Delaware Avenue and Clayton Street will be called Gianni Pizza and Grill. (Photo: Patricia Talorico/The News Journal)Buy Photo
Say ciao to Trolley Square's Ciao Pizza and Grill and buongiorno to Gianni's Pizza.
The 15-year-old Wilmington pizzeria at the corner of Delaware Avenue and Clayton Street is changing its name as of Aug. 15.
The Wilmington shop, which has not been sold and is operating under the same owners, soon will be called Gianni Pizza and Grill.
Signs in the windows and at the counter of the pizza shop said that due to a trademark issue, the business, owned by the Esposito family, is changing its name.
There is a Ciao Pizza & Pasta in the Prices Corner Shopping Center and Ciao Pizza & Pasta in Newark's University Plaza. They are under different ownership and are no longer affiliated with the Trolley Square location.
Buy Photo Due to a trademark issue, Ciao Pizza in Wilmington's Trolley Square is changing its name to Gianni Pizza and Grill. "Same people, same food, different name," reads the new menu. (Photo: Patricia Talorico/The News Journal)
Ciao Pizza & Pasta in the Prices Corner Shopping Center 3218 Kirkwood Highway has been serving customers for 30 years.
Prices Corner Manager Billy Moneta said the Trolley Square location had once been a franchise of the Ciao operation, but has since split amicably with the organization.
He said the name of the Prices Corner location is staying the same as it always been. "We're an institution," Moneta said.
Signs hanging up at the Wilmington shop in Trolley Square read: "As always, we will continue to serve you with the same devotion and quality which you have come to expect from us. It will be a pleasure to do business with you in the future under our new name."
With its glowing neon sign, the city pizzeria at 1600 Delaware Ave. is one of Trolley Square's most recognizable sites. It has undergone some other changes in recent years including upgrades to the outdoor patio, an expanded menu with gluten-free pizza and the addition of beer.
Takeout menus at the pizzeria have already been changed to reflect the new name.
Buy Photo Menus at the former Ciao pizza, now Gianni Pizza and Grill, already reflect the new name. The Wilmington business has the same owners, but is changing its name as of Aug. 15. The change is due to trademark issues. (Photo: Patricia Talorico/The News Journal)
"Same people, same food, different name," reads the tagline on the new Gianni Pizza and Grill menu.
For more information, visit the Gianni's Facebook page or call (302) 654-5331.
Contact Patricia Talorico at (302) 324-2861 or ptalorico@delawareonline.com and on Twitter @pattytalorico
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/life/food/2017/07/25/ciao-pizza-wilmington-changing-name-giannis/504178001/
Today's entry will focus on the beginning of the story of Abraham, the first of the three Biblical patriarchs. Abraham is a very important figure in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam, which is why they are referred to as the Abrahamic religions. Abraham's story starts at Genesis 11 and goes all the way through to his death in Genesis 25, so it's going to need to be split over a few entries, but I'll try and keep things as concise as possible. Today we'll cover the beginnings of Abraham up to the covenant of chapter 17.
As was mentioned in the last entry, Abraham lived in Ur, in modern day Iraq. He had a wife and a nephew, but no sons of his own. God called Abraham and told him to leave his ancestral home and set out for the land of Canaan, which of course he did, people don't refuse God in this book, in case you couldn't tell. When he got there God said:
Gen 12, Verse 7: “To your offspring I will give this land.” So he built an altar there to the Lord, who had appeared to him.
These promises of land etc. are a frequent occurrence in the Bible, so while reading it we almost start to think nothing of it. But when you consider what has happened in the Middle East over the course of history, you see that it is one of the most contested regions in the world. I would say that the main reason for this is that most sides involved believe that they are divinely mandated. Verses like this tell them that God himself has given them this land, therefore it must be theirs. It is actually widely agreed that Abraham did not exist and was in fact a literary construct who's story was meant to show that the Jews were the rightful owners of the land, but as this blog is trying it's very best to take the Bible at face value, you'll have to read more about that in your own time (if you're interested).
Gen 12, Verses 10-13: Now there was a famine in the land, and Abram (He was called Abram at this point) went down to Egypt to live there for a while because the famine was severe. As he was about to enter Egypt, he said to his wife Sarai, “I know what a beautiful woman you are. When the Egyptians see you, they will say, ‘This is his wife.' Then they will kill me but will let you live. Say you are my sister, so that I will be treated well for your sake and my life will be spared because of you.”
I believe that Abraham's fear is that if they think he is her husband, they will kill him so that they can have her. But if they think he is her brother, they will pay him so that they can have her. Either way, still A+ for misogyny.
Gen 12, Verses 14-16: When Abram came to Egypt, the Egyptians saw that Sarai was a very beautiful woman. And when Pharaoh's officials saw her, they praised her to Pharaoh, and she was taken into his palace. He treated Abram well for her sake, and Abram acquired sheep and cattle, male and female donkeys, male and female servants, and camels.
Nice Abraham, you managed to get some pretty sweet stuff in exchange for your *ahem* sister. But as she's actually your wife, surely you'll want her back?
Gen 12, Verses 17-20: But the Lord inflicted serious diseases on Pharaoh and his household because of Abram's wife Sarai. So Pharaoh summoned Abram. “What have you done to me?” he said. “Why didn't you tell me she was your wife? Why did you say, ‘She is my sister,' so that I took her to be my wife? Now then, here is your wife. Take her and go!” Then Pharaoh gave orders about Abram to his men, and they sent him on his way, with his wife and everything he had.
Ah. So you and God had a clever little money making scheme all along. Now you get to keep your wife, and all the sweet stuff pharaoh gave you! While I'm very surprised at why Pharaoh was so lenient with you, I'm also quite surprised at why God didn't, you know just give you all that stuff. Why did Abraham have to go through the whole process of letting another man sleep with his wife?
So Abraham took all his stuff and left for the land of Bethel. Abraham had in fact become so wealthy in possessions and livestock, that the land he was living in was not enough to support the livestock from both his herds, and his nephew Lot's (who had presumably been given herds by Abraham), and so they parted ways. Then the Lord came to Abraham in a vision to make a covenant with him. God promises (again) to give Abraham loads of land that will belong to him and his descendants forever etc. but Abraham rightly points out that he doesn't have sons, how can he know that he will have possession of it, but God has a plan:
Gen 15, Verse 9: So the Lord said to him, “Bring me a heifer (a young cow), a goat and a ram, each three years old, along with a dove and a young pigeon.
Uhm . . ? Ok? Where exactly are you going with this?
Gen 15, Verses 10-11: Abram brought all these to him, cut them in two and arranged the halves opposite each other; the birds, however, he did not cut in half. Then birds of prey came down on the carcasses, but Abram drove them away.
I fail to see how this has any relevance to anything right now. Or ever. Seriously what is this? God works in mysterious ways I suppose.
Gen 16, Verses 1-2: Now Sarai, Abram's wife, had borne him no children. But she had an Egyptian slave named Hagar; so she said to Abram, “The Lord has kept me from having children. Go, sleep with my slave; perhaps I can build a family through her.” Abram agreed to what Sarai said.
This is essentially rape. The Bible, not content to be an advocate of slavery, has to go one step further and not just condone, but encourage sexual slavery!
Gen 16, Verse 4: He slept with Hagar, and she conceived. When she knew she was pregnant, she began to despise her mistress.
I can't imagine she liked her much before either. I'm surprised she didn't despise Abraham too though. I mean, he is her rapist after all. Sarai then complained to Abraham that because of him Hagar now despised her, and so Abraham said:
Gen 16, Verse 6: “Your slave is in your hands, do with her whatever you think best.” Then Sarai mistreated Hagar; so she fled from her.
And so now the Bible is condoning physical violence towards slaves! I'm not at all surprised she ran away. As she was running, an angel of the Lord appeared to her. This is where her story takes a turn for the better, right?
Gen 16, Verses 9-10: Then the angel of the Lord told her, “Go back to your mistress and submit to her.” The angel added, “I will increase your descendants so much that they will be too numerous to count.
So Hagar was enslaved, raped, and physically beaten, and now that she's finally free of that, God sends his angel to instruct her to go back? But it's ok Hagar, you're going to have loads of kids, so that balances it out, right!? And of course, because people can't disobey God, she returns and bears Abraham a son named Ishmael.
Now despite the Lord already making multiple promises and a covenant already, God decides it's time to make a new covenant with Abraham, promising the same stuff, land and children etc. but this time he wants something different in return.
Gen 17, Verses 9-11: Then God said to Abraham, “As for you, you must keep my covenant, you and your descendants after you for the generations to come. This is my covenant with you and your descendants after you, the covenant you are to keep: Every male among you shall be circumcised. You are to undergo circumcision, and it will be the sign of the covenant between me and you.
But . . . why? No for real God, why? Is it some kind of dedication test? There is absolutely zero explanation as to why God demands this. If humans are created in the image of God, why do we need to immediately start hacking away at the genitalia. Just what is your obsession with genitalia anyway Bible? Seriously, it's getting weird.
Gen 17, Verse 23: On that very day Abraham took his son Ishmael and all those born in his household or bought with his money, every male in his household, and circumcised them, as God told him.
So they've bought slaves, raped them, beaten them, and now they're mutilating their genitals. Wow.
Summary
So far the image that we're getting of Abraham is essentially that he is a landowner and a slaver. While I haven't quoted them all here, it has been very hard not to notice the incessant promises of land ownership made in Genesis 12-17. In these six chapters God has promised six times that Abraham and his descendants will own the land forever. This takes us back to what I mentioned at the start of this entry, about how Abraham was most likely made up so that the Jews could say they had a claim on the land. The problem today is that the Jewish state of Israel is still aggressively pursuing this goal. They believe that the land belongs to them, and it has been religiously mandated. It doesn't matter who is there now, or how long they've been there for, God says we should be there, so we're going to fight tooth and nail until we get it. It's promises like these, that make the Bible a very dangerous text indeed.
By Rory McDowell
Advertisements
April 19, 2016 - Nicolas Kruchten
Machine Learning Meets Economics, Part 2
By using machine learning algorithms, we are increasingly able to use computers to perform intellectual tasks at a level approaching that of humans. Given that computers cost less than employees, many people are afraid that humans will therefore necessarily lose their jobs to computers. Contrary to this belief, in this article I show that even when a computer can perform a task more economically than a human, careful analysis suggests that humans and computers working together can sometimes yield even better business outcomes than simply replacing one with the other.
Specifically, I show how a classifier with a reject option can increase worker productivity for certain types of tasks, and I show how to construct and tune such a classifier from a simple scoring function by using two thresholds. I begin with a parable featuring the same characters as the one from Part 1 of this Machine Learning Meets Economics series. I recommend reading Part 1 first, as it sets up much of the terminology I use here.
The Case of the Augmented Humans
“What seems to be the problem?” Emily the Economist asked as she walked into Danielle the Data Scientist's office, where she was introduced to Quinn the Quality Inspector.
“Thanks for coming, Emily,” replied Danielle. “I'm really hoping you can assist me with my latest problem. It's similar to the one you helped me out with last time we spoke.” (Author's note: see The Case of the Useless Model from Part 1).
“I'd be happy to give it a shot,” said Emily, “Why don't you walk me through what you've done so far?”
“Sure,” replied Danielle, “Fiona the Factory Manager has a new experimental factory that produces gadgets, but the defect rate is around 25%. Quinn's Quality Inspection group checks each gadget by hand to determine which ones should be sold and which ones should be recycled. It costs $12 to check a gadget, and the accounting system assigns her group the cost of errors: every time a gadget marked as ‘sell' is returned by a customer (i.e. a false positive) it costs $100, and based on spot-checks, each working gadget marked as ‘recycle' (i.e. a false negative) it costs $50. Her group works very hard to avoid the penalties so her costs are $12 per gadget.”
Quinn nodded and added, “That about captures my situation, yes. My challenge today is that Fiona wants to expand production while lowering costs, and she recommended I ask Danielle for some help with this.”
Danielle said, “I used machine learning algorithms to build a quality scanner that could tell working gadgets that should be sold (the positive class) from defective ones that should be recycled (the negative class).The best model I was able to train has an AUC of 0.84 and can achieve the lowest overall cost per gadget of $11.37. If Quinn used a quality scanner with this model instead of having her team check gadgets by hand, production could expand dramatically, and at lower cost!” Quinn frowned at this notion, so Danielle hurried along, saying “Here are the ROC and Utility curves for my model and the baseline case of checking each gadget by hand, just like we plotted last time.”
“I think I understand the problem,” said Emily. She smiled and turned to Quinn, “I assume you're not thrilled about the idea of replacing your team with a quality scanner?”
“Indeed not,” fumed Quinn. “My team doesn't just decide which gadgets are sold and which are recycled! We also work closely with the production group to help them improve their process based on our tests and findings. If we just used a scanner, we would essentially be using our customers to find our quality problems, which would erode our reputation in the market. Even if a scanner like Danielle's costs less than my staff on a narrow, per-gadget basis, it would be bad for our overall process to get rid of my people.”
Danielle, a little flushed, concluded, “So that's our problem right now, Emily. As an economist, I was hoping you could help me convince Quinn that using this model is the best thing for our business.”
“I think I can be of assistance, yes, but maybe not in the way you expect!” replied Emily. “When you analysed the model you built, you assumed that if a gadget's score was below the threshold, it was defective and should be recycled and otherwise it should be sold, right?” Danielle nodded, so Emily continued, “Okay, but if instead of trying to replace Quinn's team, we try to work with them, there are at least two other ways we could use this model. On top of what we'll call your Sell/Recycle classifier, we could recycle gadgets below the threshold and have Quinn check the rest (call that the Check/Recycle classifier), or we could sell the gadgets above the threshold and have Quinn check the rest (the Sell/Check classifier). Let's see what the utility curves look like for those situations.” Emily started tweaking equations on Danielle's laptop.
“Wow,” exclaimed Danielle, “why didn't I think of that? If we use the model like this, Quinn's current team can process many more gadgets than they can today, while dropping costs to under $10 per gadget!” Quinn leaned forward, very interested at this prospect.
“Just wait, I think we can do even better!” said Emily. “All three of these curves assume we just have one threshold. What if we used two thresholds, such that any gadget below the lower threshold is recycled, any gadget above the upper threshold is sold, and anything in between is checked by Quinn's team?”
“With one threshold, we had a utility curve, but with two thresholds we have a utility surface. If we make a plot with the lower threshold on the X axis and the upper threshold on the Y axis, then the three curves we already have trace straight lines: the Sell/Recycle curve lies along the main X=Y diagonal where the lower and upper thresholds are equal. The Sell/Check curve lies along the left-hand axis where the lower threshold is 0 and the Check/Recycle curve lies along the top axis where the upper threshold is 100. Every other setting where the lower threshold is less than the upper threshold lies somewhere in the triangle. Like this.” Emily's furious typing resulted in the following graphs. “The left-hand graph is a 3-d representation of the utility surface, and the right-hand graph is like a topographical map of that surface. Here the contours indicate utility, so they are actually indifference curves!”
“The Sell/Check/Recycle classifier definitely beats the three other ones,” observed Emily. “You can see that the surface bulges out such that its peak isn't along any boundary, but in the middle where the green star is. Let's plot the utility of that point against the peak values of our other utility curves. Here we see that this combined classifier drops the cost to $8.61, for a savings of almost 30% compared to the baseline!”
Quinn jumped in at this point, asking, “This is great from a cost perspective, but what about a workload perspective?”
Danielle, already on board, fielded that question. “If we look at the distributions of scores in my testing set, which is an unbiased sample of the data, we can see how the two thresholds represented by the green star divide up the space. This graph shows that your team would only need to check one third of the gadgets, meaning you could expand production by a factor of three compared to what you do today!”
“That makes a lot of sense,” said Quinn. “If I understand correctly, by doing this we would automatically sell or recycle the gadgets about which the model is confident, the ones with very high and very low scores, and my team would manually check the ones in the middle where the model isn't so sure. Basically the computer is catching the easy cases and the humans are working on the tough ones.”
“Exactly,” agreed Danielle, “and just like with the previous project, the model will get some wrong, but this will be outweighed by the cost savings of not having to check every single gadget.”
“I'll get Fiona on the phone right now,” said Quinn, striding towards the door, “I want to give her the good news!”
Analysis: Classification with a Reject Option
The type of classifier described in the story above is called a classifier with a reject option in the scientific literature, because it can “reject” its input by refusing to classify it. There are other theoretical approaches to the construction of such a classifier (links are provided in the Further Reading section below), but using a simple scoring function with two thresholds is easy to analyze and implement.
The operating context of a binary classifier with a reject option consists of the utilities associated with correct and incorrect classifications for each class (@u_{tp}@, @u_{tn}@, @u_{fp}@, @u_{fn}@), the utility associated with the reject option (@u_r@), and the class distribution (@r_p@, @r_n@). Assuming the utilities associated with correct classifications are zero, we can construct a two-threshold utility surface for a scoring function with a true positive rate function @TPR(t)@ and false positive rate function @FPR(t)@:
The assumptions are actually fairly reasonable for at least some real-world business contexts. For example, for the task of online content moderation, humans use their judgement to determine whether or not user-generated content is appropriate for display on a website. The expectation of website users and operators are that inappropriate content is not displayed, so merely meeting expectations via correct classifications has a near-zero utility, whereas incorrect classifications can be shocking and have negative utility. The “reject option” for a computer performing this task would be for a human to check the content, which has a fixed utility: the cost of salaries. Given that humans are the initial source of the labels, we can model them either as perfect classifiers or assume they have a reasonably stable error rate whose costs can be added to their salaries for a fixed utility.
The utility surface defined by the equation above has some useful applications. Most obviously, and as shown in the story above, the coordinates of the global maximum for this surface indicate the threshold values which will maximize the utility of the resulting classifier.
We can also use this surface to find the optimal threshold settings under some constraints. To visualize an example of this, we can overlay a second set of contours onto the utility surface plot, which represent the utilization of the reject option as percentage of all inputs for various settings of the two thresholds. If the reject option has a capacity constraint (i.e. Quinn's team can only check 10% of all gadgets), a contour can be traced such that every point along the curve uses the reject option at its capacity, and the maximum utility point along this curve indicates the thresholds to be used to meet the constraint.
Interestingly, because every point along such a curve will use the reject option in equal measure, the threshold values for maximum utility point are independent of the cost of the reject option, so this approach can be used even when that cost is difficult to quantify. The optimal threshold values depend only on the class distribution and the ratio between the cost of false positives and false negatives, much like the slope of the indifference curve in Part 1.
Conclusions and Recommendations
Machine learning can be used to train classifiers with the potential to substantially improve the outcomes and reduce the costs associated with various types of tasks which are currently being performed by humans. In many cases, however, it will be economically optimal for computers to boost the productivity of human workers rather than to completely replace them. In this article, I have shown through a worked example at least one reasonably plausible situation where this is the case. As in many domains, when modelling the application of machine learning to the optimization of existing business processes, approaching the problem with an either/or mindset as opposed to a with/and mindset can lead to a local optimum rather than the global one.
If you are looking for assistance in evaluating or executing a data science project using the types of methods detailed above, we can help! We can guide you through the initial stage of your project and help you use MLDB, the Machine Learning Database, to build and deploy binary classifiers and many other kinds of machine-learning-powered solutions to business problems. Please get in touch to get started.
Further Reading
As I discovered while writing this article, classification with a reject option has been studied for years and written about much more formally than I have done it here. This paper and its bibliography provide a good entry point into that literature. This paper specifically looks at the use of multiple thresholds.
By Kathe Lowney
Guest Contributor, Valdosta State University
I admit it, I'm a political junkie. Campaign season is my favorite time of the year. And these last few months have been quite the ride, haven't they? We have seen the rise of Huck's Army, heard Obama Girl sing about her crush, watched McCainiacs be thrilled at their candidate's stunning comeback, and witnessed the persuasiveness that a ringing phone at 3 a.m. might have had with Texas and Ohio voters.
But I'm not just an avid consumer of political news; as a sociologist, I'm also a media analyst. And something has been bothering me as this presidential campaign has played out: the frequency that the media have talked about the “cult of Obama” (see this Time magazine story, and this Los Angeles Times op-ed for just a few of the many media examples of this worry; and also this blog by a supporter that might offer some evidence for the media's concern).
It's the word “cult” that troubles me. Media commentators seem to imply that the enthusiasm and energy of the Senator's supporters, their commitment to his vision for America, the world, and each other, is somehow worrisome and menacing.
It's made me realize once again that sociology is not only a way of thinking about the social world we live in, but that as sociologists, we talk in a distinct – and distinctive – way. For students learning sociology, I think that learning our sociological way of talking can sometimes be hard. Doesn't it seem like sometimes we sociologists use a lot of words to make some rather simple points? I think that too once in a while! I believe, however, that it's sociologists' scientific preciseness that fuels our wordiness – at least that is my hope!
“Cult” is one of those words that means one thing to sociologists and often quite different things to non-sociologists. Here's how the text for my Sociology of Religion class defines it:
A cult is similar to a sect in its rejection of the religious patterns and formulations of denominations–or of whatever the society's dominant form(s) of religion happens to be. Cult members were either not attracted to dominant religious groups in the first place or, like sectarians, became disenchanted with commonly-accepted religious forms. The cult differs from the sect, however, in that it does not call for a return to the original, pure religion, but rather emphasizes the new–a new revelation or insight provided by a supernatural power, say, or the rediscovery of an old revelation that had been lost and unknown for many years (and which is, therefore, new to this age) (Johnstone 2007:78)
But is this what you think about when you hear the word “cult”? I doubt it. Since the 1970s, popular culture, led by the press, has come to define the word as a religion that many people do not like; one which uses recruitment techniques unlike many traditional Protestant denominations (i.e., “brainwashing”) in order to ensnare impressionable young adults in its grasp. Cults are often portrayed as being “alien” to the U.S., run by manipulative messianic figures who are really all about lavishly spending the monies their followers raise.
In fact, this pop culture definition of “cult” has even altered our sociological vocabulary. Nowadays sociologists of religion tend to use the term “new religious movement” instead of “cult” because we recognize how pervasive this pop culture definition has become.
So when commentators write about the “cult of Obama,” they are both tapping into this negative connotation while simultaneously helping it persist. I find it interesting that it is Senator Obama's followers who have come under such media scrutiny and not, for example, Huckabee's Army of college-aged activists. Barack Obama is the upstart, the unexpected Democratic candidate who has more delegates than the presumptive nominee has. He is the candidate who, because of his parents' cultural backgrounds and nationalities, has had his patriotism questioned by some opponents (i.e., the worry about an “alien” cult leader, resurfacing).
If words matter – and as a sociologist, I absolutely believe that they do – how social institutions such as the press talk can shape the public's social construction of reality. Words like “cult” are now perceived to be, in our culture, inflammatory. So next time you read a headline or hear political commentators talk about “the cult of Obama” – think about it for a moment. What is that reporter/analyst trying to get you to believe? And perhaps more importantly, why? How does such a negative construction of Senator Obama's followers shape the political environment of this presidential campaign? Who might the construction help?
[Full disclosure: In my state's primary, I did not vote for Senator Obama.]
Five members of an interfaith delegation to Israel were prevented from boarding their flight from Washington, D.C., reportedly due to their activism on behalf of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement.
The Jewish Voice for Peace organization said in a statement Monday that the delegation tried to check into its Lufthansa flight at Dulles International Airport, only to be told that the Israeli government had ordered the airline not to let the five passengers aboard.
In March, the Knesset amended the Law of Entry to prevent leaders of the BDS movement from being allowed into Israel. The amendment applies to organizations that take consistent and significant action against Israel through BDS, as well as the leadership and senior activists of those groups.
Lufthansa spokesman Tal Muscal confirmed that the delegation members were not allowed to fly per the Israeli government's request. Lufthansa was not made aware of the reason for the order.
Muscal said the airline must obey government requests like these to block passengers from boarding flights.
“We don't know who these people are,” Muscal told JTA. “We have no information as to why the Israeli government does not want them to enter. We simply have to abide by the rules and regulations of every country in which we operate.”
The Prime Minister's Office declined to comment on the incident.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Three of the activists were from JVP, including a rabbi. The other two delegation members prevented from boarding the flight were Rick Ufford Chase of the Presbyterian Peace Fellowship in Rockland County, New York, and Shakeel Syed, a national board member with American Muslims for Palestine in Los Angeles.
The other 18 participants with the Interfaith Network for Justice in Palestine delegation arrived Monday morning in Israel and were allowed to enter after several hours of detention and questioning, according to JVP.
JVP states on its website that it supports boycott, divestment and sanctions against Israel.
“Israel denied me the ability to travel there because of my work for justice for Palestinians, even though I'm Jewish and a rabbi,” Rabbi Alissa Wise said in the JVP statement. “I'm heartbroken and outraged. This is yet another demonstration that democracy and tolerance in Israel only extends to those who fall in line with its increasingly repressive policies against Palestinians.
Syed said in the statement that he had his boarding pass in hand when “the Lufthansa representative informed me that they had a direct order from ‘Israeli immigration authorities' to not allow us to board the plane. Furthermore, they refused to even show us the Israeli order.”
JVP said it is believed to be the first time that the amendment has been enforced before passengers boarded their flights to Israel and the first time that Israel has denied entry to Jews, including a rabbi, for their support of BDS.
Following the passage of the Entry Law amendment, several groups that promote BDS planned to organize delegations to come to Israel and test the boundaries of the amendment.
An anti-BDS bill making its way through Congress would expand existing law that bans boycotts imposed by foreign governments to include those imposed by international organizations like the European Union and the United Nations
Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) said Sunday that Republicans should take a “serious look” at impeaching President Obama if he uses executive action to expand deferrals for illegal immigrants.
"I think Congress has to sit down and have a serious look at the rest of this Constitution and that includes that 'I' word that we don't want to say," King said in an interview on “Fox News Sunday.”
ADVERTISEMENT
King said that if Obama moved ahead with an order to prevent the deportation of more illegal immigrants amid the border crisis, lawmakers would be forced to act.
"I think then we have to sit down and take a look," King said. "Where would we draw the line otherwise? If that's not enough to bring that about, then I don't know what would be."
King is one of a handful of GOP lawmakers to suggest impeachment, even as House leaders dismiss those calls.
Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) last week said the House had no plans to impeach Obama and called it a “scam” orchestrated by Democrats to fire up their base and fundraise ahead of the midterms.
The House, though, has approved a lawsuit against Obama's use of executive actions, in particular his move to delay implementation of the ObamaCare employer mandate.
"I want to encourage the president, please don't put America into a constitutional crisis, please don't do that," King added. "There's too much at stake in this country to be decided that you can take over the Constitution and write it at will."
Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-N.Y.), on Fox, defended Obama and said the lawsuit came from a "hatred of the president."
"House Republicans are clearly taking us on a march toward impeachment," Jeffries said.
"It really is time to get back to doing the business of the American people and stop the squabbling that is related to what seems to be hatred of the president of the United States coming from different quarters throughout the Congress," he added.
Jeffries said that Obama has issued fewer executive orders than other recent presidents, including George W. Bush, Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says he never told McCabe his wife was 'a loser' MORE and Ronald Reagan. He questioned whether one branch of government has the legal authority to sue another branch.
King rejected those claims.
"Well, first of all, most of us personally like the president," King said. "It's not about mad, it's not about hate, it's about the Constitution."
At about $140 a pop, Mercer's shirts are most definitely far from cheap. Before I even start my actual review, I'd like to say that these shirts are worth every penny, and then some. Seriously, these are amazing!
The 100% cotton, must-iron dress shirt seems to be a dying breed. Kamakura shirts are very nice shirts, coming in at about $80 a shirt before shipping. However, you have to know all of your measurements by heart, and if you're a stubborn old man like my dad, you'd rather pay more for the convenience of not needing that. Lands End used to make a great oxford cloth button down for about $45 at retail. It was even cheaper in the 80s, when he was just getting out of law school. Joseph A. Banks was still putting out a quality product, and it was dirt cheap.
Those days are over now. Joseph A. Banks is a shell of its former self, a decomposing zombie, along with Lands End, with L.L. Bean heading down that path. Even Brooks Brothers is putting out mostly non-iron garbage these days.
However, Mercer and Sons is still making the classic OCBD, made in the USA and from Supima cotton. The shirt itself comes in simple packaging, as pictured below.
They ship it in a plain brown cardboard box, with the shirt itself in a plain plastic wrapping. They wrap the shirt in a scrap of oxford cloth, tied in a nice bow. They also include a business card, with a hand written thank you note. A+ on the simple, but tasteful presentation. Alright, that's enough about the presentation, and lamenting days that I wasn't even alive for. From what I can feel, the shirt feels amazing. Impeccable stitching, detail work, and soft fabric. I ordered my sleeves a touch long, so I put it through the wash before I wore it. Now, it's even softer, and fits perfectly. While it is fuller cut, it's far from baggy. It's an incredible shirt. The collar rolls beautifully, even without a tie, which is really awesome.
All and all, I cannot recommend this shirt enough. It is expensive, but you get a shirt that'll last you for years. David and Serena Mercer are good people, who put out the best shirt your money can buy. If you were considering buying this shirt, don't hesistate!
Advertisements
Occasional
doesn't affect lung health, according to a 20-year study released Tuesday in the
. The researchers from the University of California, San Francisco, and the University of Alabama at Birmingham analyzed lung function tests from more than 5,000 men and women in four U.S. cities who said they smoked marijuana or tobacco or both. They measured lung volume and airflow -- the amount of air a person can blow out in one second. They found what they expected with tobacco use -- consistent loss of lung function with increasing exposure. However, they were surprised to find a different result for marijuana. “With up to seven joint-years of life-time exposure (e.g., one joint/day for seven years or one joint/week for 49 years), we found no evidence that increasing exposure to marijuana adversely affects pulmonary function,” the researchers write. Low lifetime exposure to marijuana was associated with a slight improvement in lung function. However, the amount of gain was minimal, co-author Stefan Kertesz said in a story in
"Healthy adults can blow out three to four liters of air in one second. The amount of gain, on average, from marijuana is small, 50 ccs or roughly a fifth of a can of coke. So it's not something that would be noticeable," he said. The researchers said one factor behind the different effects on the lungs is the difference in consumption of marijuana and tobacco. “Tobacco users typically smoke 10 to 20 cigarettes/day, and some smoke much more than that," lead author Mark Pletcher
"Marijuana users, on average, smoke only two to three times a month, so the typical exposure to marijuana is much lower than for tobacco.” “And marijuana is one where a lot of people dabble with it in their late teens and 20s, and some people continue with relatively low levels for a long period of time,” Kertesz added. The study's finding suggested that heavy use of marijuana harmed the lungs, but the researchers said there too few heavy users in the study to make a reliable estimate.
E-mail Sue Thoms: sthoms@grpress.com
Wanna play a game? It's an easy game. All you have to do is decide whether or not to push a button. But either way, you must face the consequences.
At the beginning of this game, I give you $100 and a button. Imagine that 100 viewers in 100 rooms across the country are reading this, and that each has been given $100, just like you, and a button, just like you. In a moment, I'm going to ask you to decide whether to push your button. That's the only decision that you'll have to make, and in doing so, you'll be deciding upon a strategy.
In every game, every player has a strategy. If you're a rational player, you're going to try to adopt the strategy that will maximize your expected payoff given what you know—or think you know—about the other players in the game. But you don't know enough yet to know whether to push. What does it do? Pushing this button has two effects: one that affects you and one that affects everybody else. Actually, if nobody's actions affected anyone else, it wouldn't be a game. Games are interactive.
When you push your button, the first thing it does is to take $2 away from every other player. You push your button, and just like that, everyone else is down to $98. You still have your $100. Sounds rather vicious on your part. But other people may press their buttons, too, you know, and every time they do, you lose $2 along with everybody else. If 60 other people pushed their buttons, you're going to lose 2 × 60, or $120. Given that I gave you only $100 to start with, you're going to end up $20 in debt. You'll have to pay up. Except that there's a way out of this for you.
Making Assumptions
I said that pressing your button has two effects, and the second one targets you. If other people press their buttons and cause you damage, pushing your button will cut that damage in half. A moment ago, I said that if 60 people push, you lose $120, but if 60 other people push and you do, too, then you only lose $60. You're still $40 to the good. You've done $2 damage to everybody else, but you've saved yourself $60. Are you going to push?
You probably made some assumptions about this game, reasonable ones, as it turns out. You've assumed that everybody else's button works the same way that yours does. It does because this game is symmetric; everyone is in the same boat. Also, you've probably assumed that everybody else has the same information that you do, that is, that the structure of the game is common knowledge to everyone. Actually, being common knowledge means quite a bit more than that. It's not just that everybody knows the rules of the game; it's that everybody knows that everybody knows the rules of the game, and everybody knows that everybody knows that everybody knows the rules of the game, and … you get the idea. And you're right: Everyone knows the same information that you do.
I want you to think carefully now and decide what you're going to do: push or not push.
Five Lines of Reasoning
You're probably entertaining several different lines of thought right about now. One line of reasoning is this: We all know how the game works; it's obvious. If nobody pushes the button, everybody gets $100. I might not even be concerned about being a nice person, but I don't have to be. We can all get $100. I'd be crazy to push. That's a good argument. A second line of argument, maybe even more compelling, is this: A hundred people, I don't know. Some of them are going to push. No matter what the other people do, I'm at least as well off pushing as not pushing. If I don't push, I could end up $100 in debt. If I push, at least I end up breaking even. Heck, I'm a good person, and if I'm thinking about pushing, I can imagine what the other people will do—I have to push in self-defense.
Here's the third line: I'm not going to push. I'm not pushing because it's the right thing to do in a moral sense. I could lose up to $100. I could go $100 in debt, but it's worth it for the sake of my ethics.
Or you may decide: Eh, $100; it's not that much money. It would be too much fun to just stir things up and see what happens. Push the button. Or you may have a competitive streak, and you know that if you don't push, everybody who does will end up ahead of you. Maybe you don't have much of a taste for being a chump. Of these five lines of reasoning, it's interesting to know which, if any, actually are rational. That's a question that we'll be visiting over and over as this course goes on.
Okay, it's time to decide. I really wish that I could tally the votes that are coming in in real time, but of course, I can't. What I can and will do is tell you, after you make your choice, the results of similar games that I've played with other people. Make your choice and, please, state it out loud; keep yourself honest. Push or don't push. Three, two, one; done.
With groups of strangers who have no training in game theory, generally somewhere between 30% and 70% of the people push the button. That's a pretty wide range, but if you take the average, you get 50%.
If you didn't push, that means that you're now broke. If you pushed, you still have $50.
More than Just a Game
This might not make that much of an impact on you; after all, this was just a game. No, that's the wrong way to say that. What I mean to say is, of course, this was just pretend, but the game is real. It's not pretend. We're not talking about child's play here. We defined a set of possible moves by which players interacted with each other; they had common knowledge of the structure of the game; and they made rational decisions about strategies that led to their best expected payoff. These components—players, strategies, payoffs, and common knowledge—are what make a game in the game-theoretic sense. And if you change the context of this game by replacing the players with countries and by changing, pushing the button to being willing to engage in military conflict, then we have something that is much more than just a diversion.
Later in this course, we'll find out how game theory says this game should be played. But at the moment, what we know is how it is played. The variety of responses that we've seen in this game—between 30% and 70% pushing—show that one of two things must be the case: Either the theory of game theory isn't sufficiently common knowledge that people are comfortable choosing rightly, or maybe this game is an inherently dangerous one. Maybe we need to find a way to keep pushing the button from being so tempting an option, because if 30% to 70% of the people in the nuclear version of this game decide to press the button, we're all in for a very, very bad time.
In any case, the name “game theory” may be an unfortunate one. A more descriptive name would be “strategic interaction decision making.” Game theory sounds like child's play, and it's not.
With the final days of the first iteration of his revolving restaurant experiment One Fifth trickling down, Chef Chris Shepherd is in survival mode. Not surprisingly, the restaurant is completely packed in its final week as Houstonians attempt to get a final taste of One Fifth Steak, which will disappear forever after July 31.
As things wrap up there, Shepherd and his team are also furiously working on what will replace Steak: a French-Italian-Spanish restaurant called Romance Languages. “When we opened One Fifth Steak, we had a couple of months to work through everything,” Shepherd tells Eater. “Now, we're getting the ideas down on paper, but it's so busy that it's hard to actually get in the kitchen and cook.”
Steak received a rave review from Chron critic Alison Cook and ran for a successful six months. Considering the restaurant's reception from both critics and diners, plenty of people are wondering whether or not it even makes sense to shut down a restaurant that is, by pretty much any metric, killing it. But according to Shepherd, it's One Fifth's next iteration that is the true test of the concept's merit. “This is the turning point” he says. “This one is going to be the challenge in terms of thought process.”
While his chef de cuisine and cooks deal with the final week of One Fifth, Shepherd is intensely studying the cuisines of France, Italy, and Spain to write the Romance Languages menu. Earlier this summer, Shepherd traveled to Italy for some real hands-on research. “I don't really understand Italian food,” he says. “You have to see the culture and the people, you have to go there and actually have dining experiences and see what the plates look like. We got a full visual of what that culture is, at least in Piedmont and Rome.”
Beyond the cuisines, finding the right ingredients is also proving challenging. Recently, Shepherd posted a photo of two eggs on Facebook, one with a desirably deep yellow yolk that gives pasta carbonara its characteristic hue, and another with a much less vibrant color. According to Shepherd, he's tried dozens of different eggs, and local egg purveyors continue to come out of the woodwork selling their wares. “I don't know that we've landed on the egg yet,” he says. “There are a couple of dishes I want to do, but you have to have the right ingredients. If you don't have those things, you shouldn't attempt that dish. I don't want to do something that's going to sacrifice the integrity of the dish by using lesser ingredients.”
Considering the massive thematic swap, it shouldn't come as a surprise that the menu at One Fifth Romance Languages won't even closely resemble the one served up at Steak. As successful as it's been, both Shepherd and Floyd are pretty much done with the concept, ready to move on to the next thing. “It's like diving out of a plane,” says Floyd. “Once you step out of the door, you're committed to the journey for good, bad, or worse.”
Shepherd has been largely mum on the details of the menu beyond his search for the perfect carbonara. But construction on the building is set to begin just five days after One Fifth Steak's closure, on a timeline that Floyd calls “aggressive.” “We're only doing aesthetic stuff, so we don't have to deal with the city or get permits,” he says. “The concrete elements in the space, like the bar, the separation between the dining rooms, and mezzanine, are never going to change because they're the structure of the building. We're changing aesthetic components with the goal that our guests will recognize that they're in the same building, but it's going to be very different.”
The building itself, which once housed the vaunted Mark's American Cuisine, presents its own challenges, outside of the whole “open a new restaurant every six months” problem. “There is some uniqueness in this location in that it was an existing restaurant and we didn't modify the kitchen. There are a lot of things about that kitchen that make it challenging,” says partner Kevin Floyd, who manages operations at the restaurant. “Our chef de cuisine flies a pirate flag in the kitchen because it's a pirate kitchen — we invaded, and then took it over.”
There's also the pressing question of whether or not it makes sense to close a restaurant that has been wildly successful, especially in a climate where restaurants are closing on what seems like a daily basis. “I have had a lot of other restaurateurs say to me ‘you're fucking crazy if you're going to shut that down,'” says Floyd. “[One Fifth] has been crushing it every month, but I don't care how popular it was. I want to focus on what's next. We're completely abandoning everything that's been successful and challenging ourselves to do something different.”
No one can say whether or not One Fifth Romance Languages will pack in customers like Steak did, but Shepherd and Floyd both seem willing to take that risk. Diners won't have to wait too long to make their comparisons — Romance Languages is set to make its debut on September 1.
I'll shave my head if we raise at least $25,000 for charity. It's winter here, so that'll be a substantial cold resistance penalty, but it's for a good cause!
By the way, Build of the Week 206 is ready to be posted tomorrow. The player who contributed the build is actually using that build right now in the two-week race and is in the top ten with it :) We've now raised $20,125 for the Child's Play charity. There are six days left and we're raising around $500/day at the moment, so in order to encourage more donations, I've decided that. It's winter here, so that'll be a substantial cold resistance penalty, but it's for a good cause!By the way, Build of the Week 206 is ready to be posted tomorrow. The player who contributed the build is actually using that build right now in the two-week race and is in the top ten with it :) YouTube |
Lead Developer. Follow us on: Twitter Facebook | Contact Support if you need help!
Posted by Chris
on Grinding Gear Games on
WASHINGTON NAVY YARD – The Arleigh Burke-class destroyer program office has completed 3D modeling of its Flight III design upgrade and will spend 2018 testing major components of the new configuration, the program manager told USNI News.
Capt. Casey Moton said the program office has been working all year on Flight III detail design, with the most critical piece being the 3D modeling of the new design – a process that both builders, Bath Iron Works and Ingalls Shipbuilding, had to undertake separately. Both yards recently completed this process, meeting the long-standing December 2017 goal for this milestone, Moton told USNI News in a Dec. 14 interview.
The Flight III design revolves around the addition of the/SPY-6(V) Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR), with upgrades to the power and other systems to support the much more powerful radar. About 45 percent of the ship's drawings zones were affected by the Flight III upgrade, Moton said.
With the 3D modeling complete, the two yards will now go through a “final functional design” effort before fabrication of the Flight III ships can start, to verify that the design changes in the upgrade didn't unintentionally create any further system-level adjustments that need to be made – additional fire main requirements, for example. Moton said that should wrap up by May, just in time for Ingalls' planned start of fabrication on its first Flight III hull, DDG-125.
AMDR testing has been going well, Moton said, with all the cooling and power requirements holding steady and no signs that the radar would require any further changes to the ship design. The radar will move to Lockheed Martin's Aegis Combat System testing facility in Moorestown, N.J., later this fiscal year to be married up with the combat system hardware for integration. Testing will take place in Moorestown, beginning with site activation in Fiscal Year 2019 and spanning several years, Moton said, but is expected to be completed before the radar and combat system have to be installed on the first Flight III ship and prepared for combat system light-off.
As a risk-reduction measure, while the radar itself was testing the transmitting radius in Hawaii, engineers in Moorestown were already working on integrating the back end of the radar system – the electronic cabinets and other components – with Aegis hardware. Some integration issues were identified and are being fixed now, Moton said, noting that identifying those issues as early as possible was the point of this Combat Systems Interface Support Equipment Testing.
The AMDR will also require a new electrical plant for the ship, which Moton said is also performing well in testing. A power conditioning module, which converts the new generators' 4,160-volt AC power into 1,000-volt DC power, is “nearing completion of testing” with builder Leonardo DRS and should ship to the Land-Based Engineering Site in Philadelphia next month for further testing. The 4,160-volt generators, which were developed for the DDG-1000 program, should also ship to the Philly test site next month. As the remaining power system equipment arrives there early in 2018, the power system will be able to light off in FY 2019.
“The Flight III technical piece is proceeding on schedule, and we haven't had any major issues,” Moton said.
“Doesn't mean we haven't had any issues, but we haven't had any major issues. Obviously the big piece, a huge step in risk reduction will be when we first light everything off in Moorestown and when we first light everything off in Philadelphia.”
Moton acknowledged the importance of those two light-off dates, but he said he is already comfortable with the maturity of the Flight III design and the progress in developing and testing the radar and electrical plant. Much has been made of the maturity of the design – both because risk was a major factor in contract negotiations with both yards as the Navy looked to insert the Flight III design into an existing multiyear procurement contract, and because lawmakers on the Hill worried that the mid-contract upgrade wouldn't allow them sufficient oversight opportunities – but Moton said previous milestones have assured him that the program office is on a path to success with this capability upgrade.
“I don't want to somehow take away from the fact that when we light everything off at Moorestown and Philadelphia, that's going to be a big deal for us to get through that,” Moton told USNI News.
“But from an individual component level, when the Navy submitted its [President's Budget 2018] request, or shortly after that, we submitted a multiyear request for Fiscal 18 to 22, and part of the multiyear request was the Navy certifying a stable design. That had oversight at the [assistant secretary of the Navy for research, development and acquisition] level and at the [under secretary of defense for acquisition, technology and logistics] level. We've got to sometimes keep in perspective that on a new ship class … typically detail design doesn't start until after you've awarded a contract to a shipbuilder. So we were already sort of well ahead of that game on Flight III.”
Asked when he could confidently say the risk in the upgrade has been managed, Moton replied, “we think that we're already there.”
As the detail design and the component testing progressed throughout 2017, so did contract negotiations with Bath Iron Works and Ingalls Shipbuilding for the mid-contract Flight III upgrade. The Navy issued its request for proposals in May 2016, and negotiations lasted more than a year – Ingalls signed a contract in June 2017 and Bath in October 2017.
“If you look at those timelines, you probably know it was a robust discussion. But we were able to get the Flight IIIs awarded within our budget,” Moton said.
“We had a lot of discussions with both shipbuilders about risk-sharing on the contract. The Navy wanted to do a fixed-price contract – now, fixed-price doesn't mean firm fixed-price; fixed-price incentive, on a shareline, government shares the risk and the contractor shares the risk. It's probably not much of a secret that there were pretty healthy discussions with both shipbuilders about what that risk-sharing should be, so it took a while.”
Moton noted that Ingalls' start of fabrication date of May 2018 hasn't changed despite the lengthy contract negotiations, in part because the Navy provided the shipyard long lead time material and long lead time engineering funding to keep DDG-125 on track.
Talks with Bath Iron Works had the added complication of a second ship – whereas the Navy only wanted Ingalls to change its one FY 2017 ship to the Flight III design, Bath had both a 2017 ship and an additional hull Congress incrementally funded in 2016 and 2017. Ultimately BIW and the Navy agreed to keep that incrementally funded ship in the older Flight IIA configuration.
So, DDGs 125 and 126 will be Flight III, 127 will be a Flight IIA ship, and then 128 and beyond will fall in the next multiyear contract that will be all Flight III ships.
“In the end, we reached a pretty good deal with Bath in the sense that the extra Flight IIA ship gives them one more ship to make sure their workload is stabilized as they start to tail off DDG-1000 construction,” Moton said.
“And it also frankly worked to give them some additional time before they start cutting steel on Flight III, so in the end it worked out, it worked out well.”
Overall, Moton said he's pleased to have both yards on contract for Flight III construction ahead of negotiations for the next multiyear procurement contract.
“I'd like to think we did a good job working together with both yards to get both sides comfortable with the risk, and the bottom line is we were able to reach an agreement with both shipbuilders for Flight III and contractually on how to handle that risk,” Moton said.
“It's a big change, but the desire to do that was driven by the operational need. … World events were driving the desire to get this radar out there as quickly as possible. I don't need to name what those world events are.”
New Delhi: India's GDP takes a 3% hit every year due to road accidents, equivalent to over $58 billion in value terms, a United Nations (UN) study has found out.
Conducted by the UN Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (UNESCAP), the study says that in value terms, the country is behind Japan among the 19 countries covered in the Asia-Pacific region.
“Indian economy takes a 3% hit every year due to road traffic accidents, which is over $58,000 million in terms of value," the study said. India is only behind Japan ($63,000 million) in terms of value while in terms of GDP loss, it comes behind Iran which is at 6% ($30,697 million), it added.
ALSO READ: Can improve road infrastructure reduce India's traffic accidents?
“The total loss to GDP to these nations is to the tune of $2,93,568 million annually," UNESCAP chief of transport policy and development section Peter O'Neill said. He was speaking at a three-day conference organised by the Institute of Road Traffic Education (IRTE) here.
Expressing concern over the high rate of road accident fatalities in India, O'Neill called for better policies and stricter enforcement of regulations to promote road safety of road users, particularly two-wheeler users. In the Asia-Pacific, one person is killed on the road every 40 seconds, which means 15,000 lives per week, he said adding that “to avoid this, we need road safety management, safer roads, safer vehicles and better post-crash response mechanism". IRTE president Rohit Baluja said there are rules that make use of helmets mandatory, but “very few" two-wheeler users take it seriously.
‘Unemployed' is a scary word, and ‘unemployed in a recession' is a scarier phrase.
So when you finally do get a job interview everyone knows you should dress smart, smile lots and don't do anything that might stack the odds against you… like reveal that you're gay. Right? Wrong wrong wrong, writes Rosie Kirk.
Coming out
Imagine this scenario: it's the end of the job interview. It's gone well, and the boss is just wrapping up with some final chit chat. She asks you how you got to the office. “My partner gave me a lift,” you say. “That was good of him,” she says.
Except it wasn't good of ‘him', it was good of ‘her'. What do you do? Should you come out in a job interview? Yes. And here are 9 reasons why.
1. It shows you're brave
Coming out is not easy. Homophobia is rife, and you never know how people are going to react. To come out to a stranger who wields power over you is therefore a brave decision. A smart employer will see that, and see the benefit of hiring someone who has guts and will stand up for themselves.
2. It shows you're honest
The unfair truth is that by not correcting an assumption of heterosexuality you're being dishonest. After all, you can smile and nod when someone asks if you have a boyfriend, but what happens when they ask his name? Make up one lie and you'll find yourself telling more and more lies until you've fabricated an entire life.
3. It's flattering to the company
Most companies like to think that they are welcoming, forward-thinking places that would never dream of discriminating against LGBT people. By coming out in an interview you flatter them by showing that you believe the hype. After all it might even be true.
4. It ticks boxes
Positive discrimination: the bane of every privileged, white, male Daily Mail reader. It's true that many companies are trying to recruit more diverse workforces, but sorry your sexuality won't win you the job. After all if it were that easy everyone wouldn't claim to be a wheelchair-using non-Caucasian LGBT person…?
5. It normalises it
For an increasing number of people – and this potentially includes your new boss – sexuality just isn't a big deal. Drop it into conversation and they won't bat an eyelid, and you'll wonder what all the fuss was ever about.
6. You've got nothing to lose
In the UK it's actually illegal for a company to refuse to hire someone because of their sexuality. So if you're sure that coming out lost you the place then you have grounds to take them to court. Of course the big problem is proving that your sexuality was the reason you didn't get the job. But if you think you have a case, especially if you have any evidence, get legal advice.
7. It cuts down on gay jokes
It's depressing and a sign of weakness, but sometimes managers turn a blind eye to jokes made against gays/immigrants/insert other minority here. After all, the jokes are ‘harmless' – ie there's no one around of that minority to get upset. But, magically, having a real-life minority in the room suddenly makes the jokes a whole lot unfunnier, and the jokes stop.
8. It saves time
Come out in the interview and hopefully the rumour mill will do some of the work for you before you start. People might pretend they haven't heard that you're gay, but chances are they probably will know – and that means they'll not make some stupid faux pas that embarrasses you both on your first day.
9. It weeds out the homophobes
Of course you want a job, but in six months' time do you really want to be stuck in an office of homophobes for 40 hours a week? Heaven knows you'll be miserable then.
Coming out as a ‘lifestyle choice'
Coming out is a life-long process. You might be 100% out, but every time you meet someone new, whether they're an acquaintance, a neighbour or a work colleague, you have to come out all over again.
Remember it's not about ‘flaunting' your sexuality or ‘pushing it in people's faces' – it's just redressing the assumption, mostly made by heterosexuals, and made by heterosexuals most of the time, that everyone else is heteroseuxal too.
And that assumption applies to you too – when worrying about whether or not to come out, consider this: what makes you so certain that your boss is heterosexual?
I'm not going to lie; I don't do yoga nearly as much as I should. It's not that I dislike it (I actually find it extremely rewarding both mentally and physically every time I do dabble) it's just that I usually spend my “me” time either meditating or reading a good book. Recently, however, I read an interesting article on how the introduction of CBD to the practice of yoga can be very beneficial for both mind and body, so I decided to dust off my yoga mat and give it a try for myself, and I can honestly say the experience was more rewarding than I possibly could have imagined.
As I mentioned earlier, I am a big fan of transcendental meditation and have found that CBD really helps in enhancing my overall meditative experience. Yoga, in many ways is a form of meditation as well, so I was not overly surprised when I found that many yogis were also using CBD to enhance their practices. I started by medicating with some Johnny Apple CBD tincture blend and went into downward facing dog for several minutes to clear my mind and loosen up. I felt the effects of the CBD immediately as my muscles relaxed and I began to feel more in tune with my own center of gravity. One of the interesting tidbits I had read was that CBD has a drastic effect on our endocannabinoid system, a large group of cannabinoid receptors located throughout the brain and central nervous system whose main function are to maintain equilibrium and homeostasis throughout the body. Simply put, they play a large part in our overall ability to both physically and emotionally balance our bodies. I love CBD for its pain reducing properties and its ability to help me relax both mentally and physically, but I never really had experienced this effect of it before, at least not consciously. In this instance, however, explicitly focusing on my balance, it became very evident. My transitions from pose to pose felt more fluid and organic than normal. I found it easier to stay focused on my breathing. I also found it easier to remain calm even when my arms or legs began to shake while holding a pose. My mind and body awareness was greatly increased. I was in the zone. I had experienced this flow state in yoga before, but very rarely and only when I was practicing more regularly. It was almost as if the CBD bridged this gap for me. One issue I struggle with greatly when I return to yoga is the ability to unite body and mind. After medicating with CBD however, I found my mind racing much less and my breathing more controlled and consistent. It felt more meditative than physical. I finally felt like I was experiencing what everyone who loves and is dedicated to yoga experiences, and it was amazing.
Yoga is all about bringing the body into a state of balance both mentally and physically, and because this is exactly what CBD does as well combining these two things together makes perfect sense. Both yoga and cannabis have been around for thousands of years, and it is not surprising that they have gone hand in hand for just as long. The difference with CBD, however, is that the user will not get the psychoactive effects associated with marijuana, and therefore can benefit from the cannabinoid and its positive effects on this incredible cannabinoid while still keeping the mind crystal clear. At the end of the day both Yoga and CBD are going to affect everyone differently, but my personal experience was so remarkable that I have gotten back into my practice and have been doing an hour everyday since my little experiment and it feels great. If you are on the fence about adding CBD to your yoga regiment or vice versa, use code YOGA for 15% off your order and give it a try for yourself! Stay inspired :)
Those who genuflect to Donald Trump offer pious — and often obscene — denials of their hate, their racism, their bigotry and other forms of anger but they are all that…and more.
They become the man they support and Trump is a flagrant racist, a blowhard bigot and a endless spewer of hate.
Writes Michael Gerson of The Washington Post:
The Republican nominee came to prominence feeding fears of Mexicans, migrants and Muslims. He refuses to engage in the normal moral and political hygiene of repudiating extremism. I don't believe that anything close to half of Trump supporters are motivated by racism. But they are willing to tolerate a level of prejudice that should be morally unacceptable in a presidential candidate.
Those who wear those “Make American Great Again” hats made overseas can try to hide behind claims that they support other parts of Trump's so-called “agenda” but they embrace him, largely, because he is an arrogant, self-serving bastard who promotes racism bigotry by using hate, fear and ignorance to promote himself and his disgust for anything that does not serve his purposes.
Gerson continues:
Why is this such a problem? Because racial prejudice is not one problem among many in American history. It is the sin that nearly destroyed us. It is a special category of wrong. It is not sufficient to say: I agree with Trump on 90 percent of the issues — on tax reform and energy policy and criminal-justice issues — but dissent on the 10 percent involving systematic religious discrimination, forced expulsion, war crimes, the demonization of refugees and the general dehumanization of the other. These matters are foundational.
Consider Trump's actions and his many lies:
He calls opponents “liars” when he, in fact, is the largest liar on the Presidential race and perhaps the largest one of all time in politics.
Campaign surrogate Rudy Giuliani told Chris Matthews on MSNBC that Trump “now believes” he was wrong when he questioned the birth of Barack Obama and has said so. Trump's campaign manager offered the same lie.
When asked this week if he renounces his claim that Obama is not a natural born citizen, Trump refused to answer. He did not appear to be willing to anger his many supporters who, like him, are birthers.
Then, on Friday, Trump — after five years of claiming Obama was born in Kenya — finally admitted the President was born in Hawaii when it was a territory, which made him a natural born American but then Trump lied outright again by claiming it was Hillary Clinton who started the birther movement to discredit Obama.
Trump also claims he saw “thousands of Muslims” in New Jersey cheering when terrorists crashed their hijacked planes into the World Trade Centers. Yet no one else ever saw such a thing and no video tape of such an outrage exists.
When former Klansman David Duke called Trump the “standard bearer” of White Supremacy, Trump refused to denounce Duke.
“I am overjoyed to see Donald Trump and most Americans embrace most of the issues I've championed for years,” Duke says.
Trump says he won't denounce “my fans.”
“America First,” Trump often shouts at his rallies. Ku Klux Klan members shout the same thing at their rallies.
Trump issues lie after lie in every campaign speech, at every appearance, and in every interview. When caught in any of his many lies, he refuses to acknowledge a single one of them and changes the subject.
The federal government has fined Trump for discriminatory practices at his hotels, his casinos and his golf courses. Employees at the establishments have testified, under oath, that they were ordered to keep minorities away whenever Trump was on the premises.
He stiffs vendors and contractors who work on his projects, sues anyone who challenges his illegal and immoral activities and brags about the adultery he has practices against his wives.
Yet his supporters claim he speaks for them and they support what he stands for.
There's an old saying that “when you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas.”
Start scratching.
_______________________________________________________
Copyright © 2016 Capitol Hill Blue
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Africa Tech Trends is a fortnightly column by Tom Jackson focusing on the most important developments in Africa's technology industry, and examining how technology is changing the way business is being done on the continent.
Bitcoin in Africa
It is too early to say whether it will truly take off, but Bitcoin is arriving in Africa. The software-based online payments system – or cryptocurrency – is not backed by any central bank, but has nonetheless taken off across the world. Nor has it been short of controversy.
South Africa's largest Bitcoin exchange BitX, which launched last year and operates in South Africa and Kenya as well as other countries, has now released a mobile app promoting better understanding and use of Bitcoin.
Ghanaian company Beam is another using Bitcoin, looking to undercut the likes of MoneyGram and Western Union, while Bitcoin ATMs are also arriving on the continent. The virtual currency is also being used to tackle the Ebola crisis. Beam has launched a Bitcoin Against Ebola website, which allows Bitcoin holders to make donations in support of relief efforts in Sierra Leone.
It is still early days, and much of what will dictate whether Bitcoin takes off in Africa depends on how it manages to hold up in the rest of the world. But Africa has a history of searching out alternative payment methods, so why not?
Doing more with mobile money
Everyone knows about the importance of mobile money to Africa. On a continent where less than 30% of the population are bank account holders, and fewer still own credit cards, mobile has become key. There are more mobile money accounts than bank accounts in at least nine countries in Africa. The biggest and most famous service – Kenya's M-Pesa – has over 19m subscribers.
Now that mobile money is well established, the trend is towards how to do more with it. This column has focused before on inter-operability and making it easier to move money regardless of country or service provider. But operators are also adding extra services on top of simply being able to send and receive money.
Kenya's Safaricom has led the way with this. Last week the company – which operates M-Pesa – partnered local start-up Dynamic Data Systems to launch payments tracking app M-Ledger. The app records mobile money transactions, with users able to view and manage past transactions. Data can be extracted into a spreadsheet.
Safaricom has been ahead of the game with these extra services for some time. In 2012, it partnered the Commercial Bank of Africa (CBA) to roll out M-Shwari, which gives M-Pesa customers access to an interest bearing savings account as well as the ability to take out small loans. The 2013 launch of Lipa na M-Pesa enabled merchants to accept payments for goods and services from their customers.
However, Safaricom is not the only company at it. Tigo Tanzania in September launched Tigo Wekeza, which allows customers to earn interest on their mobile money balances. Customers can also recommend a non-profit beneficiary.
This wave of extensions of the use of mobile money, demonstrates the concept is here to stay and set to become more pervasive. Traditional banks must innovate to catch up, or become redundant for most Africans.
Bridging ‘digital divide' in rural areas
Kenya's Universal Service Fund (USF) has finally become a reality. Such funds are common in other parts of the world, and involve telecoms firms paying subsidies and fees to the fund. This money is the used to bridge the digital divide by rolling out telecoms services in rural areas.
The digital divide in Africa is gaping and real. The problem is that rolling out telecom infrastructure to rural communities is difficult, expensive and not sustainable for operators. Though it is certainly an admirable thing to attempt to connect rural communities, most providers find that the costs of rolling out connectivity outweigh the gains in terms of new customers. A USF is the best way Africa has yet found to deal with this problem.
Los Angeles police Tuesday defended the arrest of a local journalist during the massive operation to dismantle the Occupy L.A. encampment, despite criticism from the reporter's high-powered attorney that the LAPD had acted improperly.
Calvin Milam, a reporter for the CNS newswire service, was one of many journalists in the midst of the Occupy encampment on the City Hall lawn in the early minutes of Nov. 30, when more than 1,000 officers flooded into the camp and surrounding streets to evict the protesters. Milam was arrested as he attempted to pass through an outer line of officers that encircled the camp during the operation.
Initially police had said Milam appeared intoxicated and did not seem to be working as a journalist at the time he was arrested.
However, a video of the arrest posted last week on The Occupied Venice Journal website does not depict an obviously drunken Milam and shows him presenting officers with what appears to be his LAPD-issued media identification card. After officers forced him back a few times, Milam held up his press card for several seconds and then pushed his way between two officers in an effort to leave. As he did, officers took Milam to the ground. The arrest occurs around the 3:00 mark of the video.
Cmdr. Andy Smith said miscommunication between officers may have led the LAPD's media relations office to confuse Milam with another person arrested who was drunk.
Milam's attorney, Mark Geragos, rejected that explanation, saying he had several phone conversations with senior officials from the LAPD and city attorney's office in the hours after Milam was arrested. “They knew exactly who he was," Geragos said. "They were lying then, and they are lying now.”
A video showing the alleged brutality of Delhi police has gone viral on social media.
In the video, now being fervently shared on Twitter, the Delhi police personnel are seen mercilessly thrashing students, who were protesting against the death of the Dalit scholar of Hyderabad University, Rohith Vemula. Rohith had committed suicide after being expelled from the university allegedly at the behest of the Union HRD Minister, Smriti Irani.
The protesting students were trying to march towards the RSS office, when they were stopped by several officers of Delhi police, who zeroed in on one male student before mercilessly thrashing him..
The police was soon joined by members of public (alleged RSS workers), who too began to assault the student.
The incident has caused huge embarrassment to the cops, who have faced many criticisms for their alleged excesses against people of Delhi in the past.
The video has gone viral on social media with Delhi Police drawing flak from Twitter users.
Jounalist Shekha Gupta said,
Watch shocking video. Not just Del police but also some in plain clothes together thrash a protestor #RohithVemula https://t.co/A7UJpD1wkK — Shekhar Gupta (@ShekharGupta) February 1, 2016
Aam Aadmy Party too was quick to use this video to launch fresh attack against the city cops, who it has locked horns since forming government in the capital last year.
#DalitLivesMatter Please do watch this 2-minute video & checkout how Delhi Police works under this regime. https://t.co/rf1xJFOL8o — Abhinav AAP ?? (@AbhinavAAP) February 1, 2016
Here are some other reactions;
@AnupamPkher Sir @DelhiPolice assaulted women n peaceful protestors yestday https://t.co/OU5Cfu1KUT Pls watch n RT 🙁 🙁 — Swara Bhaskar (@ReallySwara) January 31, 2016
Justice for Rohith – Police Brutality in Delhi delhi police has really gone inhuman and slaves of fascism https://t.co/zSuvdAGp5s — mohd. zeeshan ayyub (@Mdzeeshanayyub) January 31, 2016
Watch the video where #DelhiPolice teams up with Right wing goons and beats up peaceful protestors. #Shamehttps://t.co/6g78uhbwBD — Safwan Amir (@in_safwan) January 31, 2016
WATCH THIS VIDEO HOW ONE COP BRUTALLY ASSAULTING A WOMAN PROTESTER IN DELHI OUTSIDE HQ #RSS https://t.co/5oTKDYQ8nB @NilimDutta — Smita Dutta (@Smita_Dutta_) January 31, 2016
Spider-Man is one of the biggest mysteries of Captain America: Civil War. The character has yet to appear in any trailers or other promotional material for the film. In an exclusive interview with the Russo brothers ahead of Wizard World New Orleans, ComicBook.com asked if fans will see Spider-Man in any trailers or on any merchandise before Captain America: Civil War is released.
“No. We really can't comment on that,” replied Anthony Russo.
“Part of making these movies is maintaining surprise so that everybody's excited and that's one we're going to make fans surprised,” added Joe Russo. Even though the Russo Brothers couldn't reveal if they are going to pull a Luke Skywalker with Spider-Man and save him for the movie, they were able to elaborate on how Tom Holland's Spider-Man will be different from Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield's Spider-Mans.
“We took a very personal approach to the character,” explained Joe Russo. “He was my favorite character growing up, so the opportunity to bring Spider-Man to the screen is a dream come true. It's something that I spent a lot of time thinking about as a kid. We had thought back to the things that excited us about him as a character when we were younger, and one of the most important components of that was that he's a high schooler burdened with incredible powers and responsibility. That really differentiates him from every other character in the Marvel universe as opposed to other superheroes. For us, it was extremely important that we cast somebody very close to the age of a high school student. The previous films had adults playing a high schooler. We wanted more of an authenticity to the casting. We were very specific about that. We wanted an energy and charisma from the character, an energy, but also an insecurity that would make him fun to watch in contrast to the confident superheroes. It was also important to us that the actor that was cast feel contemporary because the other films that portrayed where he lived is more... they honored the comic books in terms of the choices. But you go look at the home that Tobey Maguire lived in in Raimi's Spider-Man was... those were very expensive homes. We wanted to relate it to the reality…”
“The everyman appeal of the character, which is something we've always loved,” added Anthony Russo. “A character growing up with his aunt in New York, a single income family… Where would they live? What would that look like? Where could they afford to live? We asked ourselves all those questions,” continued Joe Russo. “We try to take a very logical and realistic and naturalistic approach to the character. Again, in combination those are all of the things that we try to do, and of course, to bring our own touches, too.” “I would also add, again, we're introducing this character in a Captain America movie,” said Anthony Russo. “If you look at what we did with Winter Soldier with the Cap character in terms of bringing him into the modern world, trying to ground the movie tonally into something that was a step toward real-world, at least to the degree you can do that in a superhero movie, that's still the tonal universe that we're playing in in Civil War. We're bringing a character… we're bringing Spider-Man into the movie in that universe, now, in that specific tonal stylistic world. I think underscoring everything Joe was saying about your question in terms of how were we thinking about the character in relation to past interpretations of the character, part of our choices were all so colored by the specifics of the world what we were playing in with these two Captain America movies, meaning Winter Soldier and Civil War. It's a very specific tonal world. It's a little more grounded and a little more hard-core contemporary. That was also coloring our choices a lot about the character on Spider-Man.”
“We're fans, also. I still go to midnight screenings of movies when they come out,” said Joe Russo. “I'm still first in line to buy the new issue of the book. I still have my entire collection in my closet. It takes up entirely too much space in my closet but I'll never give it up. These things are really important to us and because we have a history with these characters, all of them, I read almost every comic book character you could think of when I was a kid. I have at least several histories of every character. There's a deep history that we can draw upon where we had great emotional and strong psychological connection to the characters as a child. We want to reach into that and understand what elementally motivated you to love the character. That's what we try to bring out in the characters now. There are certain things. We talked about Cap. There are things that bothered me as a kid about him. We tried to correct those things in our interpretation of the character. I want to be clear. We're not trying to denigrate other interpretations of Spider-Man. Raimi's movies are fantastic. Spider-Man one and two are amazing. Two, is one of if not my favorite comic book movie of all time. But he made a very strong choice with those movies from a color palate standpoint to a costume standpoint, execution standpoint, camerawork standpoint to honor the feeling of the comic book. We're trying to honor the feeling of naturalism and to honor the feeling of reality. The harder we can pull these characters into reality, the better for us, especially because we're all so connected now through social media, the Internet. We're all so dialed in to what's happening in current events. That it's important for us that these characters live in the world that we live in because it makes them more real and it makes our experience of watching them more passionate and more well-rounded.”
We'll have even more from our interview with the Russo Brothers over the weekend. If you want to meet the Russo Brothers in person, they are appearing at this weekend's New Orleans Wizard World Comic Con.
Captain America: Civil War is scheduled to be released in movie theaters on May 6, 2016.
Last year's death of “Titanic” composer James Horner in a small-plane crash shocked and saddened many of his colleagues, including director Antoine Fuqua, who had recently finished “Southpaw” with the two-time Oscar winner, and had planned to do “The Magnificent Seven” with him.
So a few weeks after the tragedy, when Horner's longtime musical collaborator Simon Franglen showed up on the film's Louisiana set with “a gift from James,” the director was stunned as he found himself listening to 15 minutes of music that the composer had already written for the film, even before shooting started.
“I was overwhelmed,” Fuqua confesses. “It took me a while to get it together, it was just so beautiful and so powerful. I called my sound guy and said, ‘Get the biggest speakers you can and put them on the set right now.' I walked out and played it for my crew. People clapped and cheered, and some had tears in their eyes. That music inspired us to push forward.”
Horner, it turns out, had so much work lined up that he decided to start earlier than usual on “Magnificent Seven,” based on just a reading of the script. (Other films on his list: “The Great Wall,” “Hacksaw Ridge,” and James Cameron's “Avatar” sequels.) After Horner died, Franglen — a Grammy-winning producer who worked for two decades as Horner's synthesizer programmer, arranger, and score producer — took the composer's piano demos, done only weeks before, and, along with recordist/mixer/composer Simon Rhodes, developed them into a suite, which he recorded for Fuqua.
Related 'Black Panther': How Comic Books Informed the Costumes of Wakanda Czech Republic Lures Productions With Ideal Locations and a 20% Rebate
“There were several themes, a theme for the town, one for the cowboys, and so on,” Franglen explains. “It was about getting a style going, to open a discussion with Antoine.”
Fuqua, and then MGM, gave the go-ahead to proceed with a full score based on Horner's themes. Franglen reassembled Horner's team: Rhodes, orchestrator/conductor J.A.C. Redford, and music editors Joe E. Rand and Jim Henrikson.
“I know that you can still hear James in the score. People in the orchestra who had played his scores for 30 years said it felt right. Simon Franglen
“James brought together a group of people that not only worked well together but also liked each other,” Redford says. “We talked about this project and how great it would be to somehow make this James' final score.”
Creating the necessary 107 minutes of music, however, took months. Franglen supervised the entire process, writing new material as needed and adapting Horner's original material to fit scenes wherever possible. (The final credit reads “music by James Horner and Simon Franglen.” Rhodes receives an “additional music” credit.)
Guitarist George Doering and ethnic-woodwind player Tony Hinnigan — two Horner regulars whose colorful work was featured in “The 33,” one of Horner's final 2015 scores — contributed their unique sounds. A trio of singers added wordless vocals for especially wrenching moments, another Horner trademark. Franglen tortured two banjos to create an unnerving sound for the villain (played by Peter Sarsgaard).
But the bulk of the score — often muscular, ultimately heroic — was played by an 80-piece Hollywood orchestra, many of whom had played on previous Horner scores, including “Titanic” and “Avatar.”
It was impossible to ignore Elmer Bernstein's iconic “Magnificent Seven” theme from the 1960 original, so it makes an appearance at the end of the film.
“That was tricky for Simon, and for all of us,” Fuqua says.
Notes Franglen, “It makes a statement, and it's appropriate where it is.”
Franglen adds that the most important thing to Horner was “the sense of music being the soul of the film. I know that you can still hear James in the score. People in the orchestra who had played his scores for 30 years said it felt right. Everybody came to this from a sense of love for James and what he'd done for film music.”
Adds Redford, “James was a composer with a unique voice — one that could be applied to dozens of different films and still bring heart and beauty to those scores.”
Fuqua, who credits Horner's support for his making the film in the first place, dedicated the movie to the late composer. “It was an unlikely friendship,” he concedes. “We were like the odd couple: I'm kind of aggressive and he was this quiet intellectual guy. He still saw movies with the eyes of a kid. I loved the guy. [His death] was a great loss. But he can live on through the music.”
When the Dolphins hired Adam Gase as their new head coach, one of the questions was how many -- if any -- assistants he would keep around who were already on the staff in Miami.
At first, it appeared special teams coordinator Darren Rizzi was going to be the only one left, but according to a report over the weekend he'll have two more Dolphins assistants from 2015 with him next season.
Alex Marvez of FOX Sports reported that Gase will retain Rizzi's assistant special teams coach, Marwan Maalouf, and defensive line coach Terrell Williams. Maalouf has held the same role with the Dolphins since 2013, while Williams just wrapped up his first season in Miami.
Williams was the position coach for a unit that was inconsistent at times this season but was also pretty beat up, including the loss of defensive end Cameron Wake in late October. Before coming to Miami, Williams -- a nose guard at East Carolina in college -- began his coaching career with Fort Scott Community College in 1998. He took a job as defensive line coach at Akron in 2004, accepted the same position at Purdue in 2006 and eventually landed at Texas A&M in 2010.
His first NFL job came with the Raiders in Oakland, where he was defensive line coach from 2012-14. After the Raiders cleaned house and hired Jack Del Rio last January, Williams was named defensive line coach at the University of Florida but held the title for just a month before taking the Dolphins job.
As for Maalouf, he'll get a fourth season in Miami after spending the 2012 season as the special teams coordinator for the Colts. Before that, he was an assistant special teams coach for the Ravens for four seasons after spending 2007 working for Scouts Inc. He got his first NFL job in 2004 with Cleveland, where he spent three years as the special teams quality control coach for the Browns.
Along with Gase retaining two more assistants, the big news from the weekend was that the Dolphins are expected to hire Colts quarterbacks coach Clyde Christensen as their new offensive coordinator.
As defined by Jeannette Wing, computational thinking is “a way of solving problems, designing systems, and understanding human behavior by drawing on the concepts of computer science.” To the students at my school, it's an approach to tackling challenging questions and ambiguous puzzles. We explicitly integrate computational thinking into all of our classes, allowing students to draw parallels between what they're learning and how they're approaching problems across all disciplines.
Algorithmic Thinking
Students demonstrate algorithmic thinking whenever they create or use a well-defined series of steps to achieve a desired outcome. In our sixth-grade math class, for example, students identify and plot a set of ordered pairs on a coordinate plane to re-create a piece of art they've made. Students practice the algorithm for Punnett squares by refashioning themselves as cartoon babies, meticulously crossing their genotypes to create endless generations of children. In orchestra, students learn about the history of algorithmic music composition, from Mozart's dice music to Emily Howell, a computer program created by David Cope, to modern, all-robot bands.
While humans can get a bit more creative in following an algorithm than a computer can, it's important for students to be able to both communicate and interpret clear instructions for a predictable, reliable output.
Decomposition
Decomposition means breaking down a complicated problem into its components and working on one component at a time. In our seventh-grade humanities class, students dissect the American criminal justice system, identifying problems and proposing solutions that better represent a fair and balanced system. Toward the end of a basketball unit in fitness class, our sixth graders decompose a LeBron James dunk, using the NBA's public motion tracking data to plot and analyze motion graphs to better understand the offensive strategy.
With the power of decomposition, problems that seem overwhelming at first become much more approachable for students.
Abstraction
Abstraction refers to stripping away unnecessary details to develop a generic solution, or representing a complicated system with a simple model or visualization. In humanities class, students simulate their own ancient civilization by choosing natural resources and technologies and seeing how their populations fare over centuries, while ignoring complexities like government structures and religion. While learning about human anatomy, seventh graders team up to create 3D amusement parks based on a human body, representing blood cells with bumper cars and neural networks with ziplines—without stressing over details like molecular composition or energy production.
Learning what information is important and what can be left out is a critical skill for students to develop as problems grow in complexity.
Pattern Recognition
Students leverage pattern recognition by analyzing trends in data and using that information to work out solutions. Students in science class save the world by analyzing real-time earthquake data and identifying where seismic activity is clustered, forming their own hypotheses about how tectonic plates may be to blame. In math class, students optimize fantasy football teams by using proportional reasoning skills to draft players with the best performance data.
Applying a real-world context to your lessons helps students realize that the skills they're learning are not just relevant but vital beyond the classroom. Trevor Muir offers fantastic ideas and evidence on this approach in his TEDx talk on real-world learning.
Essential Attitudes
Solving problems as a computational thinker also requires some specific attitudes toward problem-solving in general. We strive to empower our students with the confidence needed to tackle ambiguous problems, the tenacity to persist through challenges requiring iteration and experimentation, strong communication skills to facilitate collaboration and presentation, and a general curiosity across all disciplines that leads them to ask and answer big, scary questions. Chris O'Brien discusses developing these muscles in a school makerspace, and project-based learning in any classroom is a phenomenal way to foster this mindset in your students.
You may be thinking to yourself, “My students already do a lot of these things!” In fact, computational thinking is happening in many classrooms already, likely by many other names. Computational thinking is intricately linked with critical thinking, STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) learning, and project-based learning. By employing the language of computational thinking across multiple disciplines, students can make powerful connections between their classes and beyond. Better yet, when faced with challenges that are difficult to categorize, students will have a rich toolkit to draw from that crosses traditional subject borders.
Bringing computational thinking into your classroom is simple, and can only help your students achieve the learning objectives you've already identified. Think about these skills and attitudes when planning lessons, and use this language throughout the year. Introduce some ambiguity in your projects, link lessons to real-world examples and evidence, and dream big—over time, your students may surprise you with the connections they make and their confidence in diving into new challenges.
Looking for a quick way to get started? Most of the above lessons and activities are available as free lesson plans on our curriculum website. And Google offers a great online course for teachers looking to bring computational thinking into their classrooms.
Cambodian PM Hun Sen says local election worth sacrificing 200 lives
Updated
It was a shocking sight for many Cambodians — their strongman Prime Minister standing on the back of a campaign truck, waving and sweating in the monsoon humidity.
Typically, Hun Sen has stayed away from pre-poll campaigning, comfortable in the knowledge that his Cambodian People's Party (CPP) will dominate.
He has, after all, ruled for 32 years.
"It was strange, he never appeared in past campaigns," said Srey Pich, a 26-year old bank worker.
"I guess he wants to test his popularity and try to attract votes," she said, relaxing in a park in front of Hun Sen's gaudily-lit Phnom Penh mansion.
Even though today's election will choose commune-level representatives who mostly deal with births, deaths and marriages, it's being fought out as if the stakes are much higher.
"Hun Sen and senior members of his party have expressed publicly [and] repeatedly that they see this as a battle for the future of their country and indeed for the survival of the country," said Sebastian Strangio, author of Hun Sen's Cambodia.
There have been wild words on both sides.
The Opposition has promised to give US$500,000 ($670,000) to each of the 1,646 communes, while Hun Sen has threatened a return to civil war if he loses.
It's a threat he's made before, but this time Hun Sen has gone further, specifying how many Cambodian lives are expendable in the pursuit of power.
"To ensure peace and to continue the development, the only option is that the CPP must win elections at all stages," said Hun Sen this week, according to the Cambodia Daily newspaper.
"To ensure the lives of millions of people, we are willing to eliminate 100 or 200 people because we have seen bitter past experience," said the Prime Minister, who defected from the Khmer Rouge and was placed into power by the Vietnamese.
It's no empty threat.
In 1997, forces loyal to Hun Sen killed dozens of political opponents in street battles that turned Phnom Penh into a war zone for two days.
A year later, the CPP won the general election by a comfortable margin.
High hopes after shock opposition gains
This is the first major vote in Cambodia since the shock result of 2013, when the Opposition surged to within 13 seats of victory.
The commune election will test the political mood before national elections next year and potentially offer a morale boost.
While there are 12 parties registered, there are only two real players — the ruling CPP and the opposition Cambodian National Rescue Party (CNRP).
Opposition leader Kem Sokha hopes to get 60 per cent of the vote, which is a remarkable ambition considering the CPP secured 97 per cent of commune chief positions in 2012.
Since then, the two main opposition factions have united, and Cambodians have had five more years of graft and cronyism from Hun Sen's Government.
"A lot of the problems that existed prior to 2013 — land grabbing, deforestation, the wide spectrum of day-to-day corruption that ordinary people have to put us with — all of these things have continued," said Mr Strangio.
Pre-election polls are outlawed, but anecdotally there is a lot of enthusiasm for the Opposition.
"People are longing to see the change," said Meas Ny, an independent political commentator in Cambodia.
"Through Facebook people can get information instantly every day … so it builds the capacity of people to see that change is needed for their country and their society."
While the CPP hands out free T-shirts and cash gifts to lure voters, a feature of opposition rallies has been a tuktuk carrying a well-stuffed donation box, as working-class supporters help fund the party dollar-by-dollar.
Military supports ruling party 'forever'
One of the key features of this election campaign has been the role of the military, with any thin pretence of neutrality dropped altogether.
"[The military will support] Hun Sen, the President of the Cambodian People's Party, as Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Cambodia for the next electoral mandate — and forever," said Chea Dara, the deputy commander in chief of the armed forces.
In case anyone missed the message, Cambodia's Defence Minister Tea Banh threatened to "smash the teeth" of anyone protesting if the CPP wins on Sunday.
There are also allegations soldiers are being strategically deployed and illegally registered to vote in marginal seats.
The Phnom Penh Post newspaper reported that 300 soldiers were recalled from their border base in Preah Vihear province and registered in Srayang Commune, which the Opposition won by just 92 votes in 2012.
It's perhaps not surprising the army leans towards the ruling party — in 2015 the Government made almost every commander of a brigade, regiment or division a member of the CPP Central Committee.
"I think they genuinely believe that losing power would cause the country to spiral back into some form of conflict … and that by taking a firm stance to quash that threat, they're doing the right thing," said Mr Strangio.
On the positive side — ignoring dubious registration of soldiers — the voter lists that were so often the root of electoral irregularities in the past are reportedly much improved this year.
Facing up to Generation Facebook
It's perhaps telling that none of the young people the ABC spoke to actually went to Hun Sen's rally — but they all tuned in via a live Facebook feed.
Both sides have battled to capture the Facebook audience, the media wild card in a country where the CPP has traditionally owned most radio, TV and newspapers.
"A new young generation of voters has entered the arena … [and] these are young people that have no experience of civil war or upheaval," said Mr Strangio.
One of those new generation voters is Phea, who makes a potent image of new-meets-old as he skateboards around the Socialist-style Vietnamese-Cambodian Friendship Monument in the capital.
He's 24 years old: the median age in this youthful nation.
"I already have [the candidate] in my mind because choosing the right leader will also affect your family," Phea told the ABC, being careful not to give away his preference.
He is on semester break from RMIT University in Vietnam and his wider experiences has shown him that Cambodia is still a country in transition.
"I really want to see Khmer kids developing, changing their behaviour — I think they still have low education," said Phea, who says he was one of Cambodia's first skateboarders.
Like the political leaders and the thousands who have rallied in recent days, the young man understands the importance of today's vote as a scene-setter for next year's national election.
"You have to really think carefully because different people might do different things for your country," he said.
Topics: elections, world-politics, cambodia
First posted
After years of practicing Street photography and following the development of the genre and its photographers, I've started to think more theoretically about the topic and what it means to me.
In the last seven years of photographing, I've went trough many different stages and lately I've become more aware of what I was doing and also more critical about it.
———————————————————————————————————————————————————-
As a street photographer you will usually have a higher awareness of your public surroundings than the average pedestrian. When you are holding your camera, ready to expose, you will experience intense momentary connections with people around you and your mind will process possible frames before the crucial moment is gone.
I would be lying if I claimed to be personally interested in most of the people I photograph in the public. My aim is to inconspicuously document moments and scenarios of the human condition to record and analyze it.
Street photographs include people like a play includes characters. It is the certain combination of elements, the short moment a street photographer decides to capture in a frame as a crop of reality, thus creating a new reality in a photograph. It is like using a flashlight in the dark. You only make things visible you point at and everything around vanishes.
Following Susan Sontag's assessment, Street photography is a hunt for moments and your weapon is a camera. What we do is using human beings as characters in our chosen settings to entertain whoever looks at the pictures we take.
Street photography now might sound like a rude and unethical thing to do and I won't solely disagree. Instead this should be a reminder of the responsibility a street photographer carries. Without awareness, sensitivity and self-critique a photographer risks defacing their subjects. While I try to avoid this, others consciously intend to do exactly that.
Street photographer Bruce Gilden uses a wide angle lens and a flash when taking close ups of strangers. His photos reflect a sense of distraction, uneasiness and even shock which reflect the way he approaches his subjects. Lately, this approach gained more and more popularity, due to Gilden appearing in several ‘Street' documentaries about his work and I find this quite alarming.
Street photography tells stories about everyday life. When a photographer takes too much influence, he himself becomes the protagonist of his frame and captures the reaction to his appearance only.
So the question is: is there a right or wrong attempt at street photography?
A photographer's work is a mirror to their view on the world. And that might be enough of an answer.
This summer's news that Coolio had signed a deal with Pornhub may have come prematurely, so to speak -- but rumors that the pornography site was penetrating the music industry (it's just too easy) with a shiny new record label are, in fact, true. Today marks the launch of Pornhub Records, along with a contest to find an official "anthem" for Pornhub.
"We've always seen a strong music presence from the beginning of Pornhub," says company head of PR and marketing Matt Blake. "Artists upload their own stuff, like uncensored tracks and R-rated versions of songs. Some people come in and upload exclusive videos, so it creates a buzz for them." Indeed, in June, New York-based electronic producer FaltyDL debuted the video for his new single, "Some Jazz Shit," on Pornhub (don't get excited: the perfectly SFW clip featured an empty bed); earlier this year, weirdo genius Xiu Xiu premiered his pertinently named "Black Dick" video on the site.
Though Coolio will not, in fact, be involved in the judging panel of the Song Search Contest, Blake and Pornhub vp Corey Price say they're in discussions with some high-profile artists to help pick a winner, who will receive $5,000 towards a music video to be featured on Pornhub.tv, with a minimum of 500,000 views guaranteed. (The site receives an average of 40 million views a day, so their guarantee is likely an underestimate). Coolio's NSFW "Take It to the Hub" video received over 500,000 views in a week.
"We're looking for acts that aren't necessarily porn-focused," says Price. "We're an ad-based network looking for content that appeals to our demographic. Mature lyrics for an adult audience; no boy bands or teen-pop, for instance." Though the site goes live today (Sept. 24), Pornhub has already received around 50 submissions since they announced the contest. "Producers, music technicians, everyone in the business you could imagine," he adds. "There's erotic folk, rap, country -- everybody has come to us." He stresses that entrants don't even need to be in the music business.
There is a caveat: though the song contest and announcement of Pornhub Records coincide, the winning anthem's artist will not necessarily be signed to the label, no matter how much they're willing to do on camera. "A&R is a work in progress," says Blake. "Right now it's all about forming relationships and understanding how this all works. We're focused on distributing through the platform and digital sales," with physical releases possibly coming at a later stage.
So what are you waiting for? Save your pride, ride a bandmate. Preferably naked.
Made in Space's 3D printer will churn out the first 3D-printed tools on the International Space Station.
You don't have to become an astronaut to use the International Space Station's new 3D printer.
NASA has challenged students, ages 5 to 19, to design 3D-printed tools that could be made in microgravity.
The first 3D printer to fly in space arrived at the astronaut outpost last month aboard a SpaceX Dragon capsule. SpaceX delivered the machine along with more than 5,000 lbs. (2,268 kilograms) of cargo on its fourth resupply mission to the space station for NASA.
The printer was built by the California-based company Made in Space, which plans to create simple plastic parts at first, to test whether 3D printing is viable in the final frontier. Now, students will have a chance to take part in that experiment.
NASA and the American Society of Mechanical Engineers Foundation launched a set of "Future Engineers" 3D Space Challenges on Sept. 21. The contest asks students in grades K-12 to create and submit a digital 3D model of a tool that they think astronauts will need in space.
"As you know we don't have overnight shipping up in space, so when we really need something we have to wait," NASA astronaut Doug Wheelock, who spent six months living and working on the space station in 2010, said in a video announcing the challenge. "To be able to make parts on demand will forever change that for us."
Entries, which are due by Dec. 15, will be judged for their creativity, usefulness and adherence to design guidelines. Semifinalists will be announced in mid-January and the winners will be revealed on Jan. 30.
The grand prize for the winning teen entrant (ages 13 to 19) includes a trip to NASA's Payload Operations in Huntsville, Alabama, where the student will watch his or her print made live on the space station. The winner in the 5- to 12-year-old set will get a 3D printer for his or her school.
You can learn more about the contest and how to participate here: http://www.futureengineers.org/
Follow Megan Gannon on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @SPACEdotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
DONALD Trump wanted to launch air strikes on the Assad regime to prove he is stronger than Barack Obama, White House aides have revealed.
The US president also wanted to act over the nerve gas massacre in Syria on Tuesday to send a message to North Korea to halt its nuclear weapons programme.
Getty Images 11 The US President wants to act over the nerve gas massacre in Syria on Tuesday
In the early hours of Friday morning, the US launched 59 “precision-guided” cruise missiles into the Shayat Airfield in Syria.
Washington DC officials had told opposite numbers in London to expect the president to order surgical strikes on Syrian regime targets.
President Trump also started telling members of Congress that he was considering military action in Syria.
He had already told America that the dawn attack on Tuesday morning that killed at least 86 people - including 27 children - “crossed a lot of lines for me”.
AP:Associated Press 11 A source said it's a good opportunity to show 'he's different to Obama'
EPA 11 DC officials have told opposite numbers in London to expect the president to order surgical cruise missiles strikes
Reuters 11 Trump is hoping to send a message to North Korea to halt its nuclear weapons programme
Before launching the Tomahawk missile strike, Trump declared “something should happen” to derail Syrian despot Bashar al-Assad's regime.
He added: “What Assad did is terrible.”
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said “steps were under way” to organise an international coalition to oust Assad.
A senior government source told The Sun: “Trump's people are clear that he wants to do this, and we think he will.
MOST READ IN POLITICS HEZ BAN IRE Jeremy Corbyn sparks fury by saying there's no 'evidence' to back Hezbollah ban SO BRAZEN Migrants sneaking into UK call 999 THEMSELVES as they don't fear being sent home Exclusive CORB OUT Corbyn forced to apologise for hiding freebie NYC trip paid for by anti-nuke group Exclusive WHERE CREDIT'S DUE 4m set for £3k Universal Credit boost - but others plunged into poverty party's 'too sorry' MP reignites anti-Semitism crisis saying Labour's been 'too apologetic' FARAGE BARRAGE Why did Nigel Farage quit Ukip, what is he doing now and who is his wife?
“He thinks it's a good opportunity to show people he's different from Obama, and North Korea will also see that.”
After initially refusing to say whether she would back Trump's military action, Prime Minister Theresa May's government has said the missile strike was an appropriate response to Assad's depraved chemical attack.
The nerve gas massacre killed at least 86 people - including 27 children
Horrific images show piles of dead children after the attack
Shocking images show the destruction at a hospital in Khan Sheikhun, Idlib, following the atrocity
EPA 11 Theresa May has backed Trump's missile strike in Syria
May branded the Sarin slaughter “a despicable attack” adding: “All those who are backing that regime, including Russia, need to use their influence to stop Assad from bombarding his people in such a horrific way”.
Russia is opposing a UN bid to order a full investigation of the suspected chemical attack in Syria.
EPA 11 Thought he is currently propping up Syrian President Bashar al-Assad
Getty Images 11 Mr Trump yesterday met Chinese President Xi Jinping at the tycoon's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida
Getty Images 11 They were expected to talk trade and North Korea
The US, Britain and France want to send in the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
Their UN resolution calls on the Syrian regime to provide flight plans, flight logs and the names of commanders of helicopter squadrons on the day.
Russia has used its veto power to block UN action in Syria seven times so far.
Mr Trump met Chinese President Xi Jinping at the tycoon's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida where they were expected to talk about trade and North Korea.
The pair were dining when the Tomahawk attack was launched from the eastern Mediterranean.
For more on this story 11
Listen to Julia Hartley-Brewer from 10am on talkRADIO
Listen on DAB, via the talkRADIO app or online at talkradio.co.uk
-By Claire Downs
Unless you've been living under a rock (or crushed by the weight of your own iPhone 6 Plus), you know that living meme, DJ Khaled, is crushing it on SnapChat. From documenting his showers, to a jetski trip that got him lost at sea the mogul, producer, and Ciroc Apple Vodka spokesrapper has created his own vast vocabulary that is making its way into popular lingo.
Becoming a scholar of the Khaledian language isn't easy. Many of Khaled's Snap stories are nearly ten whole minutes long. At that length, they're basically the Dr. Zhivago of Snapchat stories – long, too many characters, and with full interludes of just music.
Though his Snaps are sometimes just silly and lavish, Khaled genuinely seems like a good dude, interested in sharing his positive energy and motivational mantras with his fans and anybody who will listen.
So before the summer interns take over your office shouting “bless up!” and “major key!” just because Jo-Anne brought bagels, it's time to study up. I present a glossary of DJ Khaled's most used terms so you too can stop using last years' “YASS QUEEN” and start declaring “LION!”
?Major Key?
[emphasis on MAJOR]
to more success is to have a lott of pillows pic.twitter.com/SFzumzdboj — Dj Khaled Snap Story (@djkhaledstory) December 6, 2015
This is the cornerstone of DJ Khaled's catchphrases, and is the most common of his catchphrases. Usually accompanied by the ? key emoji (not to be confused with the ? skeleton key emoji, because skeletons are scary!), it's used to signify something that will bring success to one's life, as defined exclusively by Khaled. Sometimes Khaled also goes further to highlight something that is the “key to MORE success.” Either way he puts it, Khaled is telling us his secrets to working hard, believing in yourself and living a successful life.
Here are some real ways Khaled has used “Major key!”
“Major key, get a pedicure and manicure once a week!”
“Almond milk, cinnamon toast crunch, MAJOR key to success!”
“The key to success is to have a lot of pillows. A LOT!”
“The key is NOT to drive your jetski in the dark.”
“The key to success is to have a hammock!”
“They key is to have every key.”
That last one is a real thinker, kind of Catch-22! “Major keys” can be issued to a variety of things, people, and ideas, including the time Khaled received an enormous supply of mouthwash from Listerine and a box of Dove soap and announced they both conveniently are also keys!
? THEY?
The villain of Khaled's world, “They” are the “haters” that prevent one from achieving success. Often accompanied by the ? emoji, “they” are not welcome in Khaled's home (he has a “They Not Welcome” mat at the door of his office). “They” can refer to people or just general adversarial aspects of life.
For example, Khaled has said “They don't want you to be the biggest boss in the game!”
They dont want you to have lunch pic.twitter.com/JrMJe2otFm — Dj Khaled Snap Story (@djkhaledstory) December 6, 2015
Here are some other things that “They” don't want you to do, according to Khaled:
“They don't want you to have a Rolls-Royce”
“They don't want you to break the App Store”
“They don't want you to exercise”
“They don't want you to have an amazing breakfast”
“They don't want you to be on a jetski doin' 360s”
A common sentence structure used by Khaled is to say “They don't want me to ____ so I'm going to ____” For example, “They don't want me to be on Jimmy Kimmel, so we're gonna be on Jimmy Kimmel.”
Another Khaled favorite, “bless up!” Is a reminder to be grateful of the blessings you have, often accompanied by the ? emoji . DJ Khaled uses this to bless people, a new pair of sneakers, and most commonly, his flowers in his garden. “Look at these flowers! Bless up!” It can also be used to just end a sentence, like “To succeed you must believe…bless up.” It can further be used to tell others to express gratitude. “Be grateful of all you have! Bless up!” Khaled will sometimes dole out bonus gratitude by saying, “Bless up…give thanks…every day!”
? Lion, Lion Order, LIOOOONN!! ?
Fans of Khaled's Snaps know that he has an impressive statue of a lion in his garden. Upon taking video of this lion statue, he will frequently exclaim, “LIOOON!” Sometimes, he will shout “lion order!” In Khaled's own terms (via Tech Insider) he defines “lion” as, “The lion is the king of the jungle. But it gets deeper than that. Where I got lion order from was Rohan Marley, Bob Marley's son. He always used to tell me 'lion order.' That means it's a lion order. We are lions. Without him telling me lion order, I know it's lion order because I'm a lion.” If you don't know what he means by that, I don't blame you. To sum up, it's just generally fun to feel powerful and yell, “LIOOON!” Be careful, it might get you in trouble:
A new addition to the Khaled language, “secure your bag” is a reminder to protect your money. It may be surprising to hear this kind of financial conservancy from someone who has a sneaker closet bigger than my first Brooklyn bedroom, and the top half of it is only accessible via library ladder, but hey, Khaled's gotta keep us on our toes.
Fan Luv
DJ Khaled is the biggest supporter of his fans! So if you're reading this and you're not already a fan, be prepared. Over half his snaps are just him pointing the camera at unsuspecting people and saying “Fan Luv!” You can also use this in your daily life to make your friends and family smile for photos with you.
How's Business? BOOMIN'!!!
This question-and-response term is good to know, should Khaled ever cross your path for some “Fan Luv”. Pointing the camera at himself, he will ask “How's business?” When he points the camera at you, the appropriate and ONLY response is to roar, “BOOMIN!”
An early Khaled term, originated in the opening to the “How Many Times” video featuring Chris Brown, Lil Wayne and Big Sean.
Khaled loves to point out the momentum of good things in his life. “Another one” can be said to mark the frequency of something awesome happening to you, or to count the number of beers you have in your fridge. The important thing is to just keep saying “another one” over and over again.
Don't Ever Play Yourself / You Played Yourself
Khaled's “#1 Rule”, according to Khaled. If a person interacts with “they” or shortchanged their goals in some way, that person has “played themselves.” If Khaled has suspected a person has been tricked or swindled, they have played themselves.
Khaled recently said that if he finds the person who stole five of his sneakers (not sure why it's an odd number), that he would give the sneakers back to the person and say “Congratulations. You played yourself.” ( via Complex
Celebrate Success Right, The Only Way, Apple Ciroc ?
Khaled's a businessman, first and foremost. That's why you will frequently see and hear him promoting Apple Ciroc Vodka. Not only does he feature the product on his snaps, he has perfected the vodka's tagline “celebrate success right, the only way.” In your own life, Apple Ciroc may be hard to come by at the bar. That's why I've taken to substituting other food and drink items to celebrate my success. Like “Celebrate success right. The only way. Pretzels!”
Cloth Talk
Khaled uses this to let us know he is in the middle of a very important business meeting with someone he feels is “cut from the same cloth” as he is. Sometimes alternated with “Mogul Talk,” it's used to alert the fans that he may not be able to tell us the details of said meeting, but we should be aware that it's definitely about money. Cloth Talk has occurred in bungalows, at basketball games, in his Rolls-Royce Wraith, and in jacuzzis. In particular circumstances, Khaled will let us know that the occasion is “special cloth talk.”
Special cloth alert pic.twitter.com/Tpp9C8X8Ij — Dj Khaled Snap Story (@djkhaledstory) December 6, 2015
And, let's not forget the time Khaled Instagrammed about his meeting with the “CEO of iTunes.”
With these major keys! I hope you never play yourself and celebrate success right! Bless up ?! For more DJ Khaled fun, I recommend this DJ Khaled soundboard. Knowledge is ? the to more success! Fan Luv!
We're Living In The United States Of Calvinball. It's Time The Right Got In The Game.
"Other kids' games are all such a bore!
They've gotta have rules and they gotta keep score!
Calvinball is better by far!
It's never the same! It's always bizarre!
You don't need a team or a referee!
Excerpt from the Calvinball theme song"
The imaginary game from the great Calvin and Hobbes comic strip series seems eerily like what liberals have made of what is supposed to be our constitutional republic.
The right is behind in this game because we don't want to admit we're playing it but we are. I'll admit I'm late to the game. While I still don't think it's time to go full Obama it is time to embrace a hybrid game that allows us to live within the Constitution while fighting back. Well, we could if there was a party willing to play for us.
Let's pretend for a moment the GOP wakes up one morning and realizes it stands for something beyond "win seats, hire loyalists, and pay consultants" (hey it's Calvinball, anything is possible), what would want them to do?
Assuming there is a GOP Congress and President come 2017 there are a few things they can do that would shake up the fundamental nature of our current political system while still staying with the Constitutional system we cherish.
1- Eliminate the filibuster.
It is neither ordained by God nor required by the Constitution. Mostly what it serves to do is lock Democratic wins into place and make it impossible for conservatives to pass anything.
The GOP has never held a filibuster proof majority in the Senate so it's not a positive tool for passing things and locking them in. Yes, the Democrats will some day have a majority and pass spectacularly horrible things but they do that anyway. All the filibuster really does is make it easier for liberal Republicans to collaborate with Democrats to create and save programs.
Removing the filibuster would create a balance of terror that is lacking now. Democrats know they can pass programs and there's nothing the GOP can do in response. Make them fear what the next GOP majority will pass when they are helpless.
Once the filibuster is gone, what should the GOP do?
2- Create two or four new Supreme Court seats.
Yes, pack the court to the gills. Again, there's nothing magical about having nine justices at a time. If the Court is going to serve as a Super-Legislature it should be larger.
Liberals want to play games and make SCOTUS the center of the government, fine. That's there move now it's our turn to play come Calvinball and change the rules.
Harry Reid nuked the filibuster to pack the DC Court of appeals so the precedent,
not that government by Calvinball requires one, has been set. Game on.
None of the new justices should be older than 50 or so and all should be
unabashed conservatives. They don't even have to be lawyers. Justice Charles C.W. Cooke has a nice ring to it, no?
3- Eliminate withholding.
Again, there's nothing sacred about the way we collect our taxes. If people want big, crushing government, fine. Make them feel it and let them see how much it costs them.
I think hiking taxes is bad policy and economics but it can be good politics, so if as a sop to independents and even Democrats I'd support a 15 or 20% surcharge on the net worth of the top 1% to sweeten the pot. The "donor class" has been spending lots of money pushing big government types. Fine, pony up even more.
4- Repeal ObamaCare and a whole host of other laws.
Hey it's Calvinball, you can do whatever you want! Have at it.
Will the GOP, especially a Mitch McConnell led Senate, do any of these things? No.
Even if the GOP wins the presidency, the Senate majority will probably be smaller. Faced with the usual mid-term losses of the party in power, McConnell will retreat even further into a shell to protect his useless members. For them, it's about winning to stay in office,, not to do anything with those wins.
Even if the GOP was willing to "pack the Court" there's no reason to believe a GOP President wouldn't just appoint a bunch of Souter, Kennedy and Roberts types.
Could all of this backfire at some point in the future even if it paid dividends in the short and/or medium term? Sure but we know for a fact that if we keep playing by the rules of the game as they exist we'll lose more now AND in the future.
I understand these ideas are not temperamentally conservative. One should not rush to throw old systems away on a whim. The problem is the old systems we love have been thrown away. We simply need to accept that.
Everything I've advocated, while disruptive are within the bounds of the Constitution. They don't require us to ignore laws or invent new rights. We just need to be willing to take advantage of the moves we are allowed to make now.
But the GOP will do none of this. They will either promise you unattainable Constitutional amendments or suggest you meekly assent to liberal usurpations.
And my guess is, that will be good enough for most conservatives.
Enjoy the decline. But hey...Go GOP, right?
The Economist's recent list of the 25 most influential economists did not include a single woman. Many male former central bankers and regional Federal Reserve Bank governors were included on the list, but the Economist gave itself a special rule to exclude active central bankers, which meant that Janet Yellen—arguably the world's most influential economist—didn't make the list.
University of Michigan Professor and New York Times columnist Justin Wolfers responded with a tweeted list of influential women economists. Here are a few of them; you can read his whole tweetstorm on Twitter:
Why are top-notch female economists not being taken seriously? Why are they having trouble being recognized for their contributions to the profession? Why do women still have a hard time in the economics profession in general? There is no shortage of potential explanations.
In their recent academic paper “Women in Academic Science: A Changing Landscape,” Stephen J. Ceci, Donna K. Ginther, Shulamit Kahn, and Wendy M. Williams document the gender gap in economics and discuss many possible hurdles at each stage of a female economist's career. And in a recent Bloomberg View article, University of Michigan Economics PhD Noah Smith adds to this list of potential hurdles the climate created by many male economists who defend their sexist views as hard-nosed truth telling.
And even when women do reach these higher levels—despite the difficulty of getting their work published in male-dominated journals and in getting promoted even when they do get their work published—their wages remain lower.
One indication of the career challenges women face in economics is the fact that one of us felt the need to remain anonymous. The co-author of this piece is a still-untenured female economist who has withheld her name because there unfortunately could be real professional risks in publicly discussing many of these issues.
Many male economists underestimate the headwinds women face in economics, but they exist at every stage of a woman's career. Just as an annual economic growth rate of about .33% per year in the 18th century and 1% in the 19th century transformed the world in the First and Second Industrial Revolutions, women in economics face many forces both large and small that add up to a huge overall damper on the number of women who make it to the higher ranks of our profession.
And even when women do reach these higher levels—despite the difficulty of getting their work published in male-dominated journals and in getting promoted even when they do get their work published—their wages remain lower.
In a Jan. 3 New York Times article, “Racial Bias, Even When We Have Good Intentions,” Harvard economist Sendhil Mullainathan argues that discrimination often operates at an unconscious level:
Even if, in our slow thinking, we work to avoid discrimination, it can easily creep into our fast thinking. Our snap judgments rely on all the associations we have—from fictional television shows to news reports. They use stereotypes, both the accurate and the inaccurate, both those we would want to use and ones we find repulsive.
The same sort of unconscious biases operate against women at every stage.
Here are a few of the issues women in economics face that their male colleagues might not be aware of:
New female economics PhD's have to worry about what to wear during the job market: skirt too short vs. too long, vs. just right.
Female economists endure the nasty misogyny of many threads on econjobrumors.com.
Students don't give female professors the same respect as they do male professors. Compare ratings given to online teachers who represent themselves as female to one set of students and male to another, as in the experiment these instructors recently conducted.
Female assistant professors have to worry about whether they dare take advantage of tenure clock extensions to have a child, while male assistant professors have no worries about taking advantage of the tenure clock extensions they get when their wives have a child. For the men, it is a simple strategic choice; for the women, it is reminder to their colleagues that (with rare exceptions) they bear the heaviest burden of taking care of a young child—a burden that might take time away from their research.
Female professors are often inundated by students needing more “emotional” mentoring (a type of help many students assume they can't get from male professors).
Women in economics often get mistaken at social events for an economist's spouse instead of being recognized as economists themselves.
Female economists have to figure out how to deal with disrespectful comments or “jokes” made by their senior colleagues.
Fostering awareness of issues like these, and a hundred others of the same ilk, is one of the biggest things that can be done to improve women's lot in economics.
Greater gender equality in economics could also be fostered by a better power balance among colleagues. What we mean is that female economists should be encouraged to assert their power, but male economists should find it hard or impossible to exert illegitimate, sexist power over their female colleagues. If this sounds obvious, it's much harder than it seems.
Today, women in economics face a Catch-22, where speaking up can easily make them look like a shrew, while not speaking up robs them of legitimate power. There may be some loopholes in this Catch-22, but women starting out in economics need to be shown the ropes. And with so few senior female professors in economics, who can show a female graduate student how to promote herself gracefully, and break into predominantly male conversations without raising hackles? Somehow, that question needs to be answered. As more women push these boundaries, things will become easier. It may become possible to open up new ways of communicating and asserting power that allow women to be themselves and still have others listen to them carefully and respectfully.
If men are allowed to be jerks without suffering serious consequences, while women aren't, then even well-behaved men have a threat-point that women are denied. One of the most primal reasons to treat someone nicely is the fear of a mistreated person's anger or revenge. That doesn't work well for women, because getting angry either makes them look like a harridan, or look overly emotional—both of which carry a big penalty in lost status.
It is easy to confirm that men are allowed to be jerks in ways that women aren't—by flipping genders when someone does something out of line:
What would you think of a particular man's bad behavior if a woman you know did it?
What would you think of a particular woman's bad behavior if a man you know did it?
We don't think the answer here is to change the culture so that women can be jerks, too, but to move toward holding everyone, both men and women, to account for bad behavior. For many men, it will be a revelation to be called out on the ways in which they demean others. Some may not even realize all the ways they routinely put others down—especially those in vulnerable positions who dare not strike back. But if you talk to a few women who spend time in economics departments, you will hear the stories.
Equal pay for equal work
Besides the threat point of men behaving badly, there is another threat point that gives men an advantage over women—one that gets men more than equal pay for equal work. It is typical in academia that a tenured professor who receives a competing job offer and can credibly threaten to leave gets a big raise. By comparison, professors who seem unlikely to jump ship end up underpaid. But given gender inequality on the home front (and the male-female wage differential for spouses), it is a lot more credible that a male professor can convince his wife to move to another city than that a female professor can convince her husband to move. This difference in ability to threaten to leave because of a spouse's willingness to move is just one of the many ways that different levels of career support from spouses affects women in academia. The only thoroughgoing remedy for this inequity will come from greater gender equality throughout society.
(The situation is different when both wife and husband are academics, especially when they are both in the same discipline. Joint hiring decisions come up so often and go down so many different ways that no one should read any particular case into what we say. In general, because the couple forms a bargaining unit, some of the advantages men have in academia accrue to the wife in the husband-wife power couple. Women hired only because of their spouses—when they should have been hired in their own right—make academic departments look less sexist on paper than they really are. And when a woman who shouldn't have been hired in her own right is hired in order to attract her spouse, it can be demoralizing to other women trying to make their way in academia on their own. Unfortunately, we don't see any easy solution for the issues created by joint hiring decisions. But at a minimum they shouldn't be allowed to distract economists from deeper issues of gender inequality.)
One final step that would make economics less forbidding for women is for each economist to become open to a wider range of scientific approaches and topics. Statistically, men and women are not drawn to the same fields within economics. And even within a field, women are drawn to a different balance between immediate real-world relevance and theoretical elegance. It is natural for each economist (and for each academic in general) to construct a narrative for why his or her approach to economics is the best. But since men in senior ranks in economics are more numerous than women, the narratives that men construct for why their individual approaches to economics are better usually win out in hiring and promotion decisions over the narratives that women construct for why their individual approaches are better.
This imbalance disadvantages junior women, whose individual approaches will on average have fewer champions. Here, the solution, difficult as it is, is for economists to appreciate the boost to scientific progress from having many different approaches and topics well represented—and for the subjective opinions of those who don't appreciate the value of a wide range of approaches to be discounted. In particular, putting a premium on balancing theory with real-world understanding and policy action will not only make economics a stronger force for good in the world, it will help women take their rightful place in economics.
This article is part of Quartz Ideas, our home for bold arguments and big thinkers.
Say you're riding home on the Metro, minding your own business, when you just so happen to notice a guy repositioning himself to better rub his erection against a stranger's back. You've just become a witness to a sexual assault. Now what do you do? Commenter m the great posed the question after a recent column: "If I see someone being mistreated like that in public, what could I possibly do to help?"
Excellent question.
Yesterday, I spoke with Lauren Taylor, lead instructor of Defend Yourself, a D.C.-based self-defense organization that shops around "skills for stopping harassment, abuse, and assault." Taylor, who has over 25 years of experience teaching self-defense, offers some tips for bystanders who find themselves witnesses to harassment or assault, and want to do something about it:
* Look out for number one. "Always think about your own safety first," Taylor says. "Look at who's around who could back you up if necessary. If you're inside, say at a bar or social event, figure out where the doors are."
* Speak to the victim. "When you're thinking about intervening, address the person you think is being targeted," Taylor says. "Say to her, 'Are you OK?' Or, 'Can I do anything?' Or, 'Do you want to come with me?' This won't necessarily solve the situation, but it will let her know that there are other options. It will let her know that people are seeing what's happening, and it lets the harasser know the same thing. There are witnesses, and it's not going to go unnoticed."
* Make a scene. "For example, you could draw attention to it by saying something like, 'This guy is putting his hands all over her!' Or, 'This guy is harassing her!' and that could draw enough attention to the situation that the harasser would cut it out," Taylor says. "Airing any of these things, and making them more visible, will ultimately make them better."
"Now, the harasser may respond by saying, 'Who are you? This has nothing to do with you! She doesn't mind!,'" Taylor says. "But you still have transformed what's going on, and possibly made it safer. The harasser talking back doesn't mean it didn't work."
* Even if the victim doesn't ask for help, you can still do something. "Like with everything, it totally depends on the situation," Taylor says. "Especially if it's a partner thing, you may hear the victim respond, 'Oh, I'm okay, go away.' But I still think it makes a difference that it was noticed and recognized."
"There's no prescription for anything in self-defense," Taylor says. "It's the options that are empowering, not the solution. I can't promise that any one thing will work, but I can give you the things to try, whether the target asks you for help, or whether you say, 'this looks unacceptable, and I'm going to check it out.'"
Walker Burtschell
A Catholic Face of Don't Ask Don't Tell
I am a U.S. Marine and I was discharged because of 'Don't Ask, "Don't Tell".
I was raised in a devoutly Catholic and patriotic family, from which, many generations have served in the military. It had always been my goal to one day serve as an officer in the military and hopefully have a lifelong career doing so.
The day after September 11th, I dropped out of college and enlisted in the Marine Corps. I felt an overwhelming sense of duty and patriotism and felt a personal responsibility to enlist.
The day I became a U.S. Marine was and forever will be the greatest day of my life. I entered my first duty station very proud and excited of what laid before me. For the most part, most of my friends in the Marines knew that I was gay and never did I get any homophobic vibes from them. Sadly, one day a friend of one of my roommates threatened to out me to my Commanding Officer. I took his threats seriously and realized that if I was outted and discharged because of DADT, my family would be extremely disappointed in me (at that time, I was not out). I became extremely depressed, reclusive and eventually suicidal. Being discharged and being outted to my family was just not an option and I felt my life was about to end.
I was hospitalized at Camp Lejeune's hospital and put on suicide watch. Because of the messages I grew up receiving from the Church, I didn't feel I could turn to our Catholic Chaplain, and instead met with a psychiatrist who I didn't think would judge me the way a priest would. I felt comfortable enough to admit my sexual orientation to him, feeling confident that there existed some form of patient/physician confidentiality. Sadly, it was his comments in my medical records that would out me to the Corps.
Thankfully, with God's help, I was able to crawl out of this dark time in my life and realize that my personal experience could move the hearts of millions. For years I've lied about who I am and what has happened to me. I've realized that there is nothing to be ashamed of.
Now is my time to speak up and put a human face to this unfair policy.
~Semper Fidelis~
Tell Your Story!
There are many Catholic faces of DADT:
Brave lesbian and gay Catholic soldiers, like Walker, who were discharged under DADT
Straight Catholic soldiers, who are losing arab linguists and other critical soldiers, leaving their command in harms way and damaging unit cohesion
Proud Catholic parents of lesbian and gay soldiers, worried that our military chaplains might not be able to meet spiritual needs in times of crisis
Whatever your story, as a Catholic, your story can make a difference.
Share your story!
Catholics for Equality is gathering our stories to help educate Catholic Members of Congress and military officials that this issue effects all Catholics in America, not just our Catholic lesbian and gay soldiers serving in fear and silence. Email your story, along with a photo, to dadt@catholicsforequality.org
A Message from the Acting Executive Director
Dear Catholics for Equality Supporter:
I've been helping citizens tell the truths of their lives to Members of Congress for over twenty years, but few stories have caught me off guard and moved me like that of Walker Burttschell.
I had the honor of meeting Walker this Spring, when he came to Washington to lobby for the repeal of Don't Ask Don't Tell. Being both from Florida, we were teamed up to meet with Senators Nelson and LeMieux, and with several targeted Florida Representatives.
My first impression of Walker was of a strong, brave and charismatic soldier - the kind Frank Capra would cast as Harry Bailey in "It's a Wonderful Life." He was innocent and unpolished, but happy and excited about doing something important. I remember being proud to walk with him into our first meeting with my Congressman, Tom Rooney (FL-16).
I started the meeting with all the Washington-speak, focus group, talking points about Don't Ask Don't Tell and then turned to Walker to ask him to explain why this issue was important to him. Nobody had preapred me for what I was about to hear our how it was going to change my life.
Walker's story brought all of us to tears and made reaffirmed in me a committment to repealing this law. This is the Catholic face of Don't Ask Don't Tell.
Please join us in defending soldiers like Walker by picking up your phone and calling your Senators, urging them to Repeal Don't Ask Don't Tell.
Capitol Hill Switchboard: 202.224.3121
The call only takes a minute, but is more powerful than any work we could ever do here in Washington.
Yours in the Christ, and in the united stand for equality,
+ Phil Attey,
Catholics for Equality
Open letter regarding the Border Force Act 2015
Today the Border Force Act comes into force. It includes provision for a two-year jail sentence for “entrusted persons” such as ourselves if we continue to speak out about the deplorable state of human rights in immigration detention without the express permission of the minister for immigration and border protection. This strengthens the wall of secrecy which prevents proper public scrutiny.
If we witness child abuse in Australia we are legally obliged to report it to child protection authorities
We have advocated, and will continue to advocate, for the health of those for whom we have a duty of care, despite the threats of imprisonment, because standing by and watching sub-standard and harmful care, child abuse and gross violations of human rights is not ethically justifiable.
If we witness child abuse in Australia we are legally obliged to report it to child protection authorities. If we witness child abuse in detention centres, we can go to prison for attempting to advocate for them effectively. Internal reporting mechanisms such as they are failed to remove children from detention; a situation that is itself recognised as a form of systematic child abuse.
Evidence of the devastating effects of institutional self-protection and blindness to child abuse has been presented before the current royal commission. We are determined not to collude with a system that repeats these same mistakes.
Why we spoke out: former detention centre workers explain Read more
There are currently many issues which constitute a serious threat to the health of those in detention for whom we have a duty of care. The Department of Immigration and Border Protection is aware of these problems and has for years failed to address them adequately.
We are aware that in publishing this letter we may be prosecuted under the Border Force Act and we challenge the department to prosecute so that these issues may be discussed in open court and in the full view of the Australian public.
Detention centre staff speak out in defiance of new asylum secrecy laws Read more
Dr John-Paul Sanggaran, MBBS M.H.Med B.H.Sc, former IHMS medical officer
Dr Richard Kidd, BHB, MBChB, Dip.Obs., FAMA, Deputy Chair AMACGP, former IHMS medical officer
Dr Grant Ferguson, MBBS B.Sc (Hons), former IHMS medical officer
Dr Ben Hew, MBBS B.Sc, former IHMS medical officer
Dr Alison Bleaney, MBchB FRACRRM OBE, former IHMS medical officer
Dr Merrilyn Williams, MBBS, M. (GP Psych) FACRRM, former IHMS medical officer
Dr Ai-Lene Chan, MBBS FRACGP ObsSC MPH&TM, former IHMS medical officer
Dr John Vallentine, MBBS MRCP, former IHMS medical officer
Dr Jill Maxwell, MBBS OAM, former IHMS medical officer
Dr Sally Manuell, MBBS FRACGP, former IHMS medical officer
Prof Bernard Pearn-Rowe, BSc (Hons), MBBS, FAMA, former IHMS medical officer
Tracey Donehue, secondary school teacher
Judith Reen, secondary school coordinator
Jane Willey, former secondary school teacher
Evan Davis, former senior secondary school teacher
Dr Peter Young, MBBS FRANZCP, former IHMS medical director mental health services
Steve Brooker, BSc MA, former IHMS director of mental health services
Dr Rodney Juratowitch, MBBS FRANZCP, former IHMS psychiatrist
Dr Amanda Trenaman, MBBS, FRANZCP, former IHMS psychiatrist
Prof Robert Adler, PhD MBBS, former IHMS psychiatrist
Ryan Essex, BHSc, Grad Dip Psych, BSocSc (Psych), (Hons), MHL, MPH, former IHMS counsellor
James Harris, former case manager and residential youth worker
Toby Gunn, former child and youth recreation officer
Samantha Betts, BA, former child and youth recreation worker
Martin Reusch, former humanitarian worker
Timm Knapp, former humanitarian worker
Amanda Lloyd-Tait, former humanitarian worker
Jennifer Dennis, former humanitarian worker
Amy Marden, former humanitarian worker
Prof David Isaacs, MBBChir MD FRACP FRCPCH, former IHMS paediatrician
Dr Hasantha Gunasekera, MBBS FRACP, former IHMS paediatrician
Alanna Maycock, BN RN, former IHMS paediatric nurse
Prof Louise Newman, MBBS PhD FANZCP AM, former DEHAG consultant IHMS psychiatrist
Dr Micheal Dudley, AM MBBS BD FRANZCP, former DEHAG consultant
Prof Caroline de Costa, PhD MPH MBBS BA FRANZCOG FRCOG, former DEHAG consultant
Viktoria Vibhakar, MSW, LCSW, AASW, former senior child protection and support worker
Ashleigh Millard, former adult case manager and social worker
Jaime O'donovan, former social worker, child protection team
Hamish Tacey, BBehavSc, former unaccompanied minor team leader and refugee assistance program case manager
Serena Hansen, former case manager and residential team leader
Marc Isaacs, BA (Com), BA (Int.S), former recreations manager
If you want to join the discussion, comments are open on the main news story
The MPW Insiders Network is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions. Today's answer for: “How do you excel in a male-dominated industry?” is written by Kathy Bloomgarden, CEO of Ruder Finn.
I found myself very early in life wanting to go into male-dominated fields. I signed up for advanced classes in math and science and was drawn to genetics, statistics, and programming. I then tackled the difficult languages of Chinese and Russian. I reveled in being one of the only women in the room. I wondered why I so consistently chose a path where women were often absent. I realized that it was a way to challenge myself, and prove that I could excel beyond what might be expected.
In choosing a career that is more male-dominated, it is important to ask yourself why. What are the key drivers of your professional choices? Is it passion for the job, competitiveness, or just chance? The answer to this will help to define how you perform as a woman when surrounded by men. I am clearly in the competitiveness camp, and below are some valuable mechanisms that I learned along the way:
Continue to push yourself to do more
When you're one of the few women in the room, you better make sure you're at the top of your game. You won't get much slack, it is easy to be ignored, and your ideas can be rapidly cast aside. So, the old adages of working harder, building a strong network, and speaking up really do matter. It has to be a conscious choice to raise your hand and be prepared, creative, and innovative. If your ideas are worthy and you deliver results, gender won't count in the end—either for or against you.
See also: 6 Ways Women Can Stand Out at Work
Keep an eye on your career goals
As a woman in a male-dominated field, you have to pay your dues. It is hard to know when to push hard to take the next step—to move up a level. You have to show your commitment and camaraderie, but never get complacent. It is important to stay focused on where you want to go, and chart your path to get there. This is the only way to progress and move along your career journey.
Remember there is no entitlement
Recently, there has been more attention focused on giving women a chance, and more pressure to open up opportunities in a gender-neutral way. Some women even feel that they deserve more than male colleagues, given the gender imbalance that has dominated senior ranks of industry. But really, women—and men—have to prove themselves worthy of the job. You must have the best expertise, right management, team-building skills, and vision for the job. There is no fast ticket to great possibilities—you have to earn it.
Having mentors within an organization, building a network, and being dedicated to continuously innovating are all keys to success as a woman in business. It helps to remind yourself that you have to take responsibility for managing your journey in a male-dominated profession—and that nothing comes easy.
Introduction
What's an autoencoder?
Neural networks exist in all shapes and sizes, and are often characterized by their input and output data type. For instance, image classifiers are built with Convolutional Neural Networks. They take images as inputs, and output a probability distribution of the classes.
Autoencoders (AE) are a family of neural networks for which the input is the same as the output*. They work by compressing the input into a latent-space representation, and then reconstructing the output from this representation.
*We'll see how using altered versions of the input can be even more interesting
Simple Autoencoder architecture — The input is compressed and then reconstructed
Convolutional Autoencoders
A really popular use for autoencoders is to apply them to images. The trick is to replace fully connected layers by convolutional layers. These, along with pooling layers, convert the input from wide and thin (let's say 100 x 100 px with 3 channels — RGB) to narrow and thick. This helps the network extract visual features from the images, and therefore obtain a much more accurate latent space representation. The reconstruction process uses upsampling and convolutions.
The resulting network is called a Convolutional Autoencoder (CAE).
Convolutional Autoencoder architecture — It maps a wide and thin input space to narrow and thick latent space
Reconstruction quality
The reconstruction of the input image is often blurry and of lower quality. This is a consequence of the compression during which we have lost some information.
The CAE is trained to reconstruct its input
The reconstructed image is blurry
Use of CAEs
Example 1: Ultra-basic image reconstruction
Convolutional autoencoders can be useful for reconstruction. They can, for example, learn to remove noise from picture, or reconstruct missing parts.
To do so, we don't use the same image as input and output, but rather a noisy version as input and the clean version as output. With this process, the networks learns to fill in the gaps in the image.
Let's see what a CAE can do to replace part of an image of an eye. Let's say there's a crosshair and we want to remove it. We can manually create the dataset, which is extremely convenient.
The CAE is trained to remove the crosshair
Even though it is blurry, the reconstructed input has no crosshair left
Now that our autoencoder is trained, we can use it to remove the crosshairs on pictures of eyes we have never seen!
Example 2: Ultra-basic image colorization
In this example, the CAE will learn to map from an image of circles and squares to the same image, but with the circles colored in red, and the squares in blue.
The CAE is trained to colorize the image
Even though the reconstruction is blurry, the color are mostly right
The CAE does pretty well on colorizing the right parts of the image. It has understood that circles are red and squares are blue. The purple color comes from a blend of blue and red where the networks hesitate between a circle and a square.
Now that our autoencoder is trained, we can use it to colorize pictures we have never seen before!
Advanced applications
The examples above are just proofs of concept to show what a convolutional autoencoder can do.
More exciting application include full image colorization, latent space clustering, or generating higher resolution images. The latter is obtained by using the low resolution as input and the high resolution as output.
Colorful Image Colorization by Richard Zhang, Phillip Isola, Alexei A. Efros
Neural Enhance by Alexjc
Conclusions
In this post, we have seen how we can use autoencoder neural networks to compress, reconstruct and clean data. Obtaining images as output is something really thrilling, and really fun to play with.
Note: there's a modified version of AEs called Variational Autoencoders, which are used for image generation, but I keep that for later.
If you like Artificial Intelligence, make sure to subscribe to the newsletter to receive updates on articles and much more!
You can play with the code over there:
Thanks for reading this post, stay tuned for more !
A Pennsylvania legislator exchanged gunfire with a would-be robber who tried to mug him and another lawmaker near the statehouse, and four teenagers were arrested on Wednesday and charged with attempted homicide and other offenses.
Representative Marty Flynn, a Democrat from Scranton, fired two shots after the robber pointed his pistol at him and then at Representative Ryan Bizzarro, a Democrat from Erie, and demanded their wallets in the incident at about 11 p.m. on Tuesday, the House Democratic Caucus said in a statement on Wednesday.
The robber fired one shot, which prompted the return fire from Flynn, a former prison guard and mixed martial arts fighter, the caucus said.
No one is believed to have been injured, police said.
The gunfire broke out as the lawmakers returned from a late dinner at Second Street Restaurant to the apartment they share, not far from the statehouse.
City police arrested three teenagers a few blocks from the crime scene, and a fourth was arrested at home, police said.
They were charged as adults with criminal attempted homicide, conspiracy, robbery, aggravated assault, recklessly endangering a life, and carrying a firearm without a license, police said.
Police identified them as Jamani Ellison, 17, Jyair Leonard, 15, Derek Anderson, 17, and Zha-quan McGhee, 15.
(Editing by Barbara Goldberg and Mohammad Zargham)
Danielle Fong has a clever way to widen the use of renewable power: take the electricity produced by, say, a wind farm and use it to compress air in carbon-fiber tanks. When the wind quiets down, use the compressed air to drive an electric generator, eliminating the intermittency that consigns wind farms to a small role on the grid. The concept isn't new, but it has been limited because air heats up as it is compressed, making it difficult to store. Fong figured out that spraying water into the compressor to cool the air makes it possible to store so much energy that it could be cheaper than using batteries. In 2009, she cofounded a company called LightSail Energy that has raised $70 million from the likes of Bill Gates and Peter Thiel, but it still is only on the verge of key demonstration projects. Fong, 28, spoke to MIT Technology Review's executive editor, Brian Bergstein, about the challenges of commercializing energy technologies.
You're planning to begin pilot tests in 2016. Why is it taking this long to scale up your technology from the lab?
We thought that we would be out in the market about twice as fast. We were going to cut some corners by converting an off-the-shelf natural-gas compressor. Ultimately, we decided that would be too much of a compromise. In early 2012 we decided to switch and just go directly to the product that we would ultimately want.
Part of it is there's a lot more to do than we expected. Part of it is it's difficult to find financing, although we have raised a decent amount.
Why hasn't the money you've raised been enough?
It's not actually a lot of money compared with how much it takes to develop an engine, for example, or a compressor. Say you're a power plant company, and you're trying to make a better gas turbine. Even when you hit volume, you're going to be spending more than $100 million, maybe a couple hundred million dollars. Who writes those checks? There just aren't that many. There used to be. Those times are over. Now what you need to do is figure out how to get to a commercial scale so that you can bring the unit cost down without spending that kind of money.
Our answer to that, by the way, is our tanks. We have the most advanced carbon-fiber tanks, we think, on the planet for bulk storage of gases. We're manufacturing and selling the tanks, with a healthy profit, [to] the natural-gas industry.
And yet you still need to raise more money.
Our plan has us going profitable on less than $30 million [of] additional capital. Technically, we wouldn't need to raise money after that, if all goes according to plan.
There were so many things when we started out that people said, “This is impossible. If you spray water into an air compressor, it'll break. Will it transfer heat fast enough? Can you separate the water from the air? Can you compress and expand out of the same system? Can you build all of this stuff?” We've done the impossible on, I think, a reasonable budget.
Does it frustrate you that in other tech sectors, money is very easy to come by?
I will admit a fair amount of frustration. There are a dozen venture-funded apps to pick up your dry cleaning.
If we fail here, and it may well be the right solution, no one is ever going to get funded to do it again.
It must seem both promising and daunting that the opportunity is so huge.
We need energy storage in the terawatts. We're talking about getting to half a megawatt [with each of LightSail's storage machines]. That's a factor of a million. That's where my head is at.
Princess Diana's former lover James Hewitt was last night reported to have been fighting for his life after suffering a heart attack and a stroke.
The 59-year-old former Army officer had needed emergency surgery and doctors gave him ‘a slim chance' of survival, according to reports. He is now said to be recovering.
News of his illness comes just weeks after he gave a rare interview denying longstanding rumours he is Prince Harry's real father – a slur repeated again in the new BBC2 drama King Charles III.
Princess Diana's former lover James Hewitt, 59, is reported to have been fighting for his life after suffering a heart attack and a stroke
Three years after Hewitt and Diana met – in a now iconic image at the height of their affair – she was pictured presenting the Life Guards officer with a polo trophy
Hewitt was said to be undergoing treatment at the Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital, where he is expected to remain for several weeks.
Friends said he fell ill two weeks ago and was rushed to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth to receive care from specialist medics.
The ex-Army captain and Gulf War veteran had a five-year affair with Diana while she was married to Prince Charles
A relative told a Sunday newspaper: ‘The family were concerned. He had a pre-existing illness, then got seriously ill. Suddenly it got very critical and he was rushed to hospital.
‘It was pretty serious but hopefully we are all OK now.
‘He is recovering and has been moved to Exeter.'
The ex-Army captain and Gulf War veteran had a five-year affair with Diana while she was married to Prince Charles.
The pair met at a party in London in 1986 when she was aged 25. He was 28.
Three years later – in a now iconic image at the height of their affair – she was pictured presenting the Life Guards officer with a polo trophy.
The couple were forced apart when he was sent to Iraq in the 1991 Gulf War and split after their affair was made public.
Hewitt now lives with his widowed mother Shirley in a two-bedroom flat in Exeter.
.
.
The first poster for ‘Nina', the long-awaited Nina Simone biopic starring Zoe Saldana in the title role, has been revealed by Entertainment Weekly and it's stirred up the controversy surrounding the film once again.
. . View gallery .
The casting of the ‘Guardians of the Galaxy' star as the iconic singer raised a few eyebrows initially as the actress who's of Dominican and Puerto Rican descent had to darken her skin and wear a prosthetic nose to look like the African-American star.
Outraged fans took to Twitter to express their disappointment over the poster.
QUESTION: Why did they DARKEN Zoe Saldana rather than cast a darker actress since it was such a crucial part of Nina Simone's story? — Dart_Adams (@Dart_Adams) March 1, 2016
That Zoe Saldana pic as Nina Simone looks like the blackface of a bad Halloween or frat party 😏 — ProfB (@AntheaButler) March 1, 2016
Critics attacked the film when it debuted at Cannes last year saying the casting of Saldana was a form of “ blackface ”, when other actresses with more suitable likeness and ethnicity were available.
. . View gallery .
Above: Nina Simone in 1977 (Rex)
Nina Simone's daughter, the Broadway singer known simply as Simone, has been the film's most vocal critic, telling Ebony magazine : “My mother was raised at a time when she was told her nose was too wide, her skin was too dark. Appearance-wise this is not the best choice.”
She added, “I love Zoe Saldana's work. I've seen some of her movies more than once and really enjoy what she brings to the screen. As an actress I respect her process, but I also know that there are many actresses out there, known or not, who would be great as my mother.”
. . View gallery .
Image credit: Fame Flynet
Saldana has defended her casting, telling HipHollywood : "The reality is what keeps me focused and what kept me from I guess getting stressed or being hurt by the comments is that I'm doing it for my sisters.“
She's adding: "I'm doing it for my brothers. I don't care who tells me that I am not this and I am not that. I know who I am and I know what Nina Simone means to me. So that is my truth and that set me free."
Image credits: Instagram
Arts & Entertainment
Celebrities
Zoe Saldana
Nina Simone
.
Two bomb blasts have hit near a Shia mosque in Saudi Arabia's eastern city of Qatif while a third bomb has gone off close to a security headquarters at Prophet's Mosque in the western city of Medina.
Witnesses said Monday that they saw body parts at the site of the explosion near Qatif's Faraj al-Omran mosque, which is frequented by people in the holy month of Ramadan.
The first explosion in Qatif destroyed a car parked near the mosque, followed by another explosion just before 7 p.m. local time.
Local media said an attacker detonated his bomb when he was attempting to enter the mosque.
Nasima al-Sada, a resident of Qatif, told AFP that "one bomber blew himself up near the mosque," which is usually used by Shias in downtown Qatif. She added that no bystanders were hurt in the blast.
Qatif in Saudi Arabia's Eastern Province is where most of the country's Shia population lives.
Later on, a bomber detonated his explosives near the security headquarters of the Prophet's Mosque in Saudi Arabia's western city of Medina.
Reports indicate that four security forces in addition to the bomber were killed in Medina bomb blast.
There has been no immediate report on possible casualties from the attacks and no group or individual has so far claimed responsibility of today's blasts in Saudi Arabia.
This photo shows the aftermath of a bomb blast hitting near the security headquarters at the Prophet's Mosque in western Saudi Arabian city of Medina.
The blasts, which took place as the Muslim holy fasting month of Ramadan is drawing to its end, followed an earlier bombing on Monday in which an explosion hit the surroundings of the United States consulate in the city of Jeddah, in western Saudi Arabia.
The Saudi Interior Ministry said the attacker was killed and two Saudi policemen were injured in the attack which took place near a hospital.
Since late 2014, Saudi Arabia has been witnessing a series of bombings and shootings claimed by the Daesh Takfiri terrorist group and mostly targeting the country's Shia Muslims in eastern part of the kingdom.
In January 2016, a bomber targeted a mosque in al-Ahsa, killing four people.
Last October, an armed terrorist opened fire on Shia Muslims commemorating Ashura, them martyrdom anniversary of the third Shia Imam, Imam Hussein (PBUH), in the eastern Qatif region, killing five before he was shot dead by the police.
Last June, four Shia Muslims were killed why trying to prevent a bomber from entering al-Anoud mosque in Dammam city in eastern Saudi Arabia and close to Qatif.
At noon, Seattle's Westlake Park bustles with business professionals lining up at gourmet food trucks, tourists clutching shopping bags who flow to and from stores like Nordstrom and Zara, and others playing with oversized chess pieces scattered throughout the space.
But peer through a pair of bronze binoculars placed on a pedestal at the center of the plaza, and you'll see a much different Seattle: an image of that very spot 53 years earlier, when only one major building stood here.
The installation, conceived by urban planner and landscape designer Erica Bush, captures the mood in Seattle, where residents and local leaders alike are grappling with the rise of unprecedented prosperity and severe inequality.
“Seattle in some ways wants to remain a small town,” says Ms. Bush, who created the art installation as part of Seattle's Design Festival. “It's struggling to figure out how compassion fits in with the major influx of money.”
The Emerald City stands at a moment of roaring success. Construction cranes pepper the skyline, creating offices for Amazon, Facebook, and Google. Median household income grew faster here than in any of the 50 most populous American cities last year, according to the Census Bureau.
Yet that means that fewer middle-class families can afford to buy or rent. Historically black neighborhoods dwindle as residents are pushed to cheaper suburbs. And in November 2015 Seattle Mayor Ed Murray declared a homelessness state of emergency after a 21 percent rise in the annual count of people without shelter, to nearly 10,000.
In the city that gave birth to grunge, where lumberjack flannel reigns, many worry about its soul slipping away. They fear growth will push out all but the extremely wealthy and the city will awake as “the next San Francisco,” a tech-dominated metropolis where middle-class dreams wither.
“From the time Seattle was founded, it's always been looking at San Francisco as both something to compete with and as a cautionary tale,” says Fred Moody, author of “Seattle and the Demons of Ambition,” a chronicle of Seattle's recent history.
Other prosperous cities in the United States, from Atlanta to New York, face similar equity gaps between haves and have-nots. Yet Seattle faces a particular challenge to its self-image as a progressive city where anyone can thrive. So Seattle's mayor and city council have launched a battery of liberal policy experiments, from the nation's first $15 minimum wage in a major city to a law requiring landlords to rent to the first qualified applicant to avoid discrimination.
The experiments, on some level, are a sign of desperation – the desire to add some humanity to the march of the free market and maintain some level of inclusiveness of the less well-off in its policy and character.
Yet running beneath are shoots of optimism within the city that the experimentation – coupled with the passion of young people drawn to Seattle's progressive reputation – could make Seattle a pioneer in solving these problems.
“The amount of activism and civic engagement is at an all-time high here in Seattle,” says city Councilmember Lisa Herbold. “And that's really the thing that will give the prevailing wisdom about us losing our soul a run for its money.”
Soul-searching in Seattle
This fall, at a gathering to discuss the challenges and opportunities of the “Region of Boom,” concern over newcomers loomed large. In 2014, nearly 65,000 individuals from out of state earned Washington State driver's licenses in Seattle's King County, shattering the previous high mark set in 1990 at the height of Microsoft's hiring spree.
Samuel Assefa, director of the city's Office of Planning and Community Development, called on locals to embrace newcomers like him, pointing out surveys that show many people move to Seattle for the lifestyle and values before finding work. Data presented by Seattle-based land conservation group Forterra showed newcomers are more likely than their peers who grew up in the Northwest to identify themselves as environmentalists, and believe affordable housing is more important than beautiful housing.
“I don't see heartless gentrifiers in that data,” said Forterra government affairs director Lena Chahim.
Playing off the chasm longtime residents can feel between themselves and new tech workers, The Seattle Times started an occasional Q-and-A with Seattle newcomers. In a recent column, Amazon employee Varsha Raghavan said she and her co-workers pursue more diverse interests, such as acting and music outside work, than others assume.
“I understand where the negative stereotypes are coming from: ‘The tech bros are coming, they only care about themselves, they're going to destroy our culture,' ” she wrote. “I understand the concerns – the community getting broken up and gentrified. I empathize with that but ... it's important to recognize that Amazon employees, regardless of whether we're native Seattleites or not, want to contribute to our community.”
Indeed, there's a strong community ethic.
“What I sort of love is that we never miss an opportunity to tax ourselves, like taxing public transit, we're super into that, passing levies for schools.... The average Seattleite understands their responsibility to their fellow Seattleite,” says Nate Berends, a concert and event producer from the East Coast who attended the “Region of Boom” conference.
Others there raised concern about the city's growth disproportionately hurting African-American and Hispanic communities. “Growing up in Seattle, I'm seeing a lot of changes, a lot of loved ones, friends, being pushed out,” said Jill Mangaliman of advocacy group Got Green, pointing to data showing the population of Seattle's Central District dropped from 73 percent black in 1970 to 19 percent black in 2014. “It's a brown doughnut, where all the communities of color are being pushed out.”
Fueling the boom
Nothing takes the blame – or praise – for Seattle's growth more than Amazon, its largest private employer with 20,000 people in Seattle, 15 percent of whom live within the same ZIP Code as company headquarters, according to company statistics.
Unlike other area juggernauts like Microsoft or Boeing, located in suburbs, Amazon is headquartered in urban Seattle.
“The growth is being driven by Amazon and they're right in the heart of downtown,” says Michael Luis, a public affairs consultant and author of “Century 21 City.”
The company already transformed the former industrial zone of South Lake Union into a trendy neighborhood when its first city campus opened in 2010.
Outgrowing that, Amazon is now building a new downtown campus, complete with giant glass spheres, which will provide a place for employees to wander through exotic plants during breaks.
Including the new downtown campus, Amazon stands poised to occupy one-fourth of Seattle's market inventory of premium office space, with room for 55,000 additional employees (about 8 percent of Seattle's current population).
Other technology companies feed off Amazon's boom. Silicon Valley giants Google, Facebook, and Apple have opened or are building new Seattle offices. Seattle-based data visualization company Tableau Software bought more buildings to expand its city footprint. Expedia plans to move its headquarters from suburban Bellevue, Wash., to Seattle by 2019. The number of technology-related jobs in King County rose 56 percent between 2005 and 2015, from about 88,000 to nearly 138,000 jobs.
Success with equity
While growth propels Seattle to the top of many top 10 lists, it also prompts worries about the people it left behind. A half-mile away from the “Region of Boom” conference, activist Xochitl Maykovich of the Washington Community Action Network organized local residents to tell city council members of their inability to pay steep upfront costs for Seattle rentals.
A November report showed that Seattle led the country in fastest home-price growth – 11 percent – out of 20 major metropolitan regions over the past year (September 2015 to September 2016). Rental prices are similarly rising. Ms. Maykovich succeeded in lobbying the city council to limit those upfront deposits, requiring security deposits to cost no more than first month's rent, and allowing renters the right to pay move-in costs in installments.
“The idea that we let the market just take care of things and let Seattle become a playground for the rich is at its core unfair,” she says. If people with jobs in Seattle can't find affordable housing there “that's essentially going to force people with lower incomes to move out of the city and then have two-hour commutes to get to their jobs. When that happens you're taking away parents from their kids, you're contributing to the ridiculous traffic we have in Seattle.”
Seattle voters recently passed a $290 million housing levy in August, double the amount that voters last approved in 2009. The levy will build or preserve at least 2,150 units of affordable housing and provide emergency rental assistance to at least 4,500 families, according to the city.
City council members are also considering measures to reach out to the growing homeless population – including providing trash services at homeless encampments. Mayor Murray recently released a comprehensive homelessness plan geared around moving people directly into housing rather than transitional shelters.
“Seattle is on the front cutting edge of a city that sees the problem and is trying to come up with housing and solutions,” says Al Levine, a professor at the Runstad Center for Real Estate Studies at the University of Washington and former deputy executive director of the Seattle Housing Authority. “We're far and away the most supportive city in the country for local dollars on housing.”
Not everyone is on board with the city's liberal laboratory. Landlords and many residents reacted strongly against the first-come renter's law, which was scheduled to take effect Jan. 1. The city's homelessness proposals draw critiques.
“Seattle, frankly, needs adult supervision,” said Republican state Sen. Mark Miloscia at a September press conference after an out-of-control driver killed a homeless man camping next to Interstate 5.
“This is lawlessness!” he said of Seattle's consideration of allowing greater protection for homeless encampments. “I believe it will attract tens of thousands of people to our state, and our jungles will get even worse,” he said, referring to a longtime homeless camp underneath I-5 known as “The Jungle,” which the city cleared in October.
Residents with perspective on Seattle's history interject some calm into the angst over Seattle's future. Seattle has survived major booms and busts before – from the 19th-century Klondike Gold Rush when the population of Seattle nearly doubled in a decade to the 1960s Boeing bust that caused enough people to flee town that a billboard went up reading, “Will the last person leaving Seattle – turn out the lights.”
“It may just be because we're such a young city, or it may be something kind of exceptional about Seattle and its natural settings, but this boom and bust cycle is really the one constant in our history,” says Mr. Moody. “It seems to me that each boom looks bigger than the last because the city is bigger.”
The explosion of Microsoft and influx of rapid wealth created a major shock in the 1980s and '90s that in some ways caught people more off guard than today's Amazon boom, says Mr. Luis.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“Seattle up until the mid-1970s was kind of a Podunk place,” he says. “It was only about 10 years later that you suddenly had this transformation and there were a lot of people very uncomfortable with that. Now, a couple decades beyond that, people are getting comfortable with it.”
“Seattle still maintains its basic underlying culture,” says Luis. “It doesn't feel like San Francisco here, it doesn't feel like Los Angeles, even though it's full of people from San Francisco and L.A. [Seattle] still kind of maintains that weird, funky, moldy, upper-left-hand-corner sense that it always had.”
Carlos Malave (l. to r.) with daughter Aly, wife Hilda, son Cristian and daughter Melissa. View Full Caption Courtesy Daniel Rinaldi
COLLEGE POINT — The close-knit Queens neighborhood of College Point is mourning the death of a 11-year-old boy who was killed in a car crash as his family returned from vacation in Florida last week.
Cristian Malave's death — in an accident that also left his parents and older sisters seriously hurt — shocked the family's Queens community, prompting an outpouring of support and donations.
On Sunday, the College Point Little League is holding a fundraiser for the Malave family.
Ralph Rivera, the league's president, called the family a “staple of the community."
“We just want to extend our support any way we can,” Rivera said.
Cristian died in a head-on crash in Alachua County about 6:20 a.m. March 30, according to the Florida Highway Patrol. His parents, Carlos, 42, and Hilda, 42, and sisters Melissa, 19, and Aly, 14, suffered serious injuries.
The Malaves' car was struck head-on by Virginia Pagel, who was traveling the wrong way on U.S. 301, the Florida Highway Patrol said. Cristian was pronounced dead, while his family was sent to Shands Hospital in Gainesville, where all four of them have undergone several surgeries and remain hospitalized.
Rivera said he found out about the horrific accident the following day. He called Cristian's death the worst thing the College Point Little League has dealt with since its inception in 1962.
“I don't cry often, but I was sitting on my steps in tears,” said Rivera, who has been the league's president for two years. “My wife didn't know what to say. I think it's affected the whole community. It's one of our own, it's family.”
That same heartbroken community has responded with overwhelming support. Rivera said restaurants along College Point Boulevard quickly donated food for the fundraiser, and his phone hasn't stopped ringing with people offering their help.
“I've received a lot of phone calls thanking me, but I really have to say it's the neighborhood,” Rivera said. “I'm just opening the door.”
Rivera said Cristian was in the little league's spring, summer and fall seasons and struck out just three times in 50 games.
“If only our favorite Major League players had this kind of numbers,” Rivera said.
Rivera added that Cristian, who was a fifth-grader at P.S. 129, and his teammates danced to “Gangnam Style” after every game last year.
“It was the most hilarious thing you'll ever see,” he said.
Cristian's father, Carlos, delivers packages for Federal Express around College Point and his sisters Melissa and Aly are involved in dance.
Through dance classes, Daniel Rinaldi first met the Malave family in 2005 and he became incredibly close over the years.
“I remember when Hilda was pregnant with Cristian and her bringing him around when he was first born,” he said.
When Rinaldi, 25, heard of the accident, he sprung into action, setting up a GoFundMe donation page. He started the page April 1 with the goal of raising $1,000, figuring it might help the family perhaps buy groceries.
In less than two days, the page had donations of more than $10,000. Rinaldi then set a goal of $25,000, which was met — and exceeded — Friday afternoon.
“It was a chain reaction of everyone hearing about it,” Rinaldi said. “It was, ‘That's the FedEx guy, that's the little girl we saw dancing at that recital the other day.'”
The fundraiser for Cristian Malave's family will be held Sunday from 4 to 7 p.m. at the little league's headquarters. Tickets cost $25.
Update: Executive says there are lessons from his harrowing Uber experience
Was just kidnapped by an @uber driver in DC, held against my will, and involved in a high speed chase across state lines with police #Crazy — Ryan W Simonetti (@rwsimonetti) July 8, 2014
Well, the tweet pretty much says it all.
On Tuesday, Ryan Simonetti, CEO of New York-based Convene, had an Uber ride he won't soon forget. The D.C. Taxicab Commission is investigating the matter, a spokesman confirmed Wednesday. And a spokesman for Uber said the driver in question is no longer with the company.
Here's how it all went down:
About 1:15 p.m. Monday, Simonetti and two colleagues had finished up meetings near the Verizon Center and were planning to take an Uber car from 7th and F Streets NW to the company's new offices in Tysons Corner.
“I use Uber everywhere I go. I travel all over the country, wherever I go I use Uber. I'm a diehard Uber fan,” Simonetti said. As they approached their Uber car, they spotted a D.C. taxi inspector talking to the driver.
Simonetti got into the front seat, and his colleagues got into the back seat. The inspector walked away. Thinking back, Simonetti suspects the inspector was going to check the documents the Uber driver had handed to him. Then, the Uber driver started driving down the street. The inspector turned his lights on and started to follow.
“That cop's following you. What's going on?” Simonetti said he asked the driver. He said the driver told him not to worry. “Oh no, he's not a real cop,” the Uber driver replied. Simonetti said the driver then told them: “I'm sorry, we're going to have to run this red light.”
The Uber driver then headed for the 9th Street tunnel, got on I-395 and proceeded to race down the highway going “well above the speed limit,” Simonetti said.
The taxi inspector followed.
“It was like an episode of ‘Cops,'” Simonetti said. “We've all seen the ‘Cops' episode. This only ends two ways. Either the car crashes or the guy jumps out and runs. And he had plenty of opportunities to slow down and jump out and run, and he wasn't doing that.” Simonetti said they drove for eight to 10 minutes.
He and his colleagues were yelling at the driver throughout, asking him to just slow down enough so that they could jump out of the car. The driver, he said, narrowly missed hitting other cars multiple times but insisted that if he stopped he would get a $2,000 fine.
“It was insane,” Simonetti said. “I physically tried to force his leg to hit the brake. I ripped off his pant leg…. I said, ‘Here are two options. You take this exit, or I'm going to knock the side of your head in. If we crash, we crash, but you're gonna kill us anyway.'”
The driver pulled onto an exit ramp.
The taxi inspector, who had been following the car, Simonetti said, pulled ahead of the Uber car so the driver couldn't pass.
The three passengers got out, and the Uber driver turned around and went the wrong way up the exit ramp, into Virginia, Simonetti said.
The taxi inspector stayed with the three passengers.
Neville Waters, a spokesman for the D.C. Taxicab Commission, confirmed that there was an incident Tuesday involving one of the commission's inspectors and an Uber driver.
Waters said the inspector filed a written report, and officials hope to interview him for more details.
Waters said the inspector noticed that the vehicle had Virginia license plates and wanted to ensure that the pickup was done through Uber's app rather than as a street hail, which is illegal in the District. But before the inspector could confirm the information, the Uber driver fled, Waters said.
If the inspector discovered the driver was making an unauthorized pickup,the Uber driver could have had his car impounded and faced a fine — though not a $2,000 fine, Waters said. However, if the driver showed he was there because the passengers had booked him via app, he likely would not have faced sanctions.
A side note: Waters said the hack inspector tried to radio for help from other agencies, but his attempt coincided with an outage of the city's emergency communications system.
Simonetti said he tweeted about the incident to let Uber know what happened. The company followed up. Later that day, an Uber representative said the driver had been “deactivated.”
“Uber became aware of a potential incident involving an UberBLACK trip in Washington, DC [Tuesday] afternoon,” said Taylor Bennett, a spokesman for Uber. “Rider safety is our #1 priority. We will cooperate with authorities in their investigation and have deactivated the driver pending the outcome.”
Bennett said the driver in question was commercially licensed to drive in Virginia.
Simonetti said he still thinks Uber is a great business, but the incident made him wonder about the screening process.
“The question is what the vetting process is for drivers?” he said. “As they get [bigger], how do you prevent stuff like that from happening? How do you screen crazy people out?”
When it came time to get to Tysons, the three men took a regular taxi, which the D.C. inspector helped summon. When they left their meeting there, they thought about taking Uber, but the wait was too long, so they took a cab instead.
Thanks everyone for the concern. We're safe. @uber and law enforcement are dealing with it now. — Ryan W Simonetti (@rwsimonetti) July 8, 2014
This post has been updated.
(Disclosure: Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos is an Uber investor.)
A homicide investigation is underway in south Seattle after someone fired shots into a crowd at a park in the Rainier Valley Friday night, killing a man. The shooting happened one block from where another shooting occurred last weekend.
Seattle Police Department spokesperson Mark Jamieson said just after 7 p.m. Friday, a group had gathered around a memorial for a shooting victim who died on Sunday. A car, and possibly a second, arrived at the scene and fired shots into the crowd.
Police said a man in his 20s was hit by gunfire. Seattle medics transported the victim to Harborview Medical Center, where the victim died from multiple gunshot wounds.
A second man was also struck by gunfire and was transported to Harborview by an acquaintance. He was being interviewed by police.
Crime Scene Investigators were processing the scene, and the area remains an active homicide investigation.
Police say Friday's shooting happened along S. Oregon St. where a shooting occurred last Sunday. Someone drove by and opened fire at a group of people, striking and killing a 32-year-old man. The memorial held Friday was for victim in Sunday's shooting.
Seattle police were investigating a possible connection in the shootings.
Anyone with information on this incident is asked to contact Seattle Police.
Copyright 2017 KING
A swathe of white sand backed by verdurous rainforest gently slopes into azure seas; manta rays and whale sharks glide through the clear waters around Thailand's Koh Tachai, one of the finest diving destinations on the planet. This island is a snorkeller's nirvana and a beach-lover's wonderland. It's perfect — because you're not here.
And you can't come either. Due to pressure on the ecosystem and coral reef damage caused by mass tourism, the local environment has been deemed ‘unable to restore itself' by authorities — and since 15 May 2016, Koh Tachai has been indefinitely closed to visitors. Anyone who's ever gone for a paddle and ended up wading through a quagmire of plastic bags or found themselves swimming in an oily sea of motorboat fuel can probably see the authorities' point. The only way to protect some of the planet's most pristine places is to limit access to them.
‘Take only photographs; leave only footprints,' may well be the mantra of every eco-tourist the world over, but millions of delicate footsteps over time can have a significant impact on pre-Colombian walking trails or centuries-old stairs.
Rome's famous Spanish Steps had to be closed for renovation in 2015 (for the second time in 20 years) due to tourist footfall, and Peru's Inca Trail has a cap of 500 visitors per day — with 300 of those spaces allocated to guides, porters and cooks.
Starting this year, Greece's Santorini is imposing a limit of 8,000 daily arrivals by sea. Cinque Terre, a string of five fishing villages on the Italian Riviera, is using a visitor permit system to cap tourist numbers at 1.5 million per year. In Venice, as daily visitor numbers exceed the size of the population, residents have taken to the streets — and the water — demanding a tourism cap. Brandishing billboards and staging swimming blockades to keep cruise ships from docking, it looks likely that the Floating City will be next to limit visitor numbers.
In Barcelona, mayor Ada Colau has expressed her fears of mass tourism degrading the Spanish destination's appeal. “We want visitors to get to know the real Barcelona, not a ‘Barcelona theme park' full of McDonald's and souvenirs, without any real identity,” Ms Colau told The Guardian in 2016.
Many industry experts agree that tourism caps are better for the environment, better for architecture, better for residents, and better for visitors, too. But turning away tourist dollars isn't better for those dependent on them — and some economies are reliant on tourism for survival.
One solution lies in another industry trope: high value, low impact tourism. This means fewer people can afford to visit — but those who do, spend more. This is great for everyone — except those who aren't super-rich.
Bhutan's system imposes a daily fee on each tourist of either US$200 (£162) or $250 (£202), dependent on season. This covers three-star accommodation
(you can pay more to stay in luxury hotels), meals, domestic transport and a guide. Plus, $65 (£52) of the fee goes to free education, free healthcare, infrastructure development and poverty alleviation. It's a system that makes tourism part of the solution rather than part of the problem.
Q: What other places have capped tourist numbers?
1. Australia's Lord Howe Island, in the Tasman Sea, restricts numbers to 400 people at a time
2. Antarctica has banned ships carrying more than 500 passengers, with a maximum of 100 visitors allowed onshore at once
3. Bwindi Impenetrable National Park in Uganda only allows eight guests per day to visit a gorilla family
4. Just 100 people can hike New Zealand's famous Milford Track in Fiordland National Park at one time
5. Iceland is limiting tourism by controlling the number of hotel beds available
6. The Galapagos Islands and Peru's Machu Picchu are famous for limiting their tourist numbers
7. The Seychelles is also among the countries planning to cap tourism in the future
Q: What about allocated entry or a lottery to limit tourist numbers?
It's a good idea in theory, but governments would have to put systems in place to prevent the creation of a lucrative black market, which would also drive up the costs without passing on benefit to local communities.
Follow @JamesDraven
Published in the March 2017 issue of National Geographic Traveller (UK)
I was convinced the idea of parallelizing and distributing Scala typechecking was an interesting project to hack on and I was hoping somebody else would take up the baton. After a month of waiting I realized “Oh wait, there's around fifteen people in the world who can readily run an experiment on a different implementation of Scala typechecking and I know all of them”. And I was the only hobo in that circle — everybody else is busy with their projects.
In my previous blog post I described the idea of computing outline types that would carry just enough information to figure out an efficient plan for parallelizing and distributing full Scala typechecking. You can think of computing outline types as a pre-typechecking phase. The big unknown to me was: can pre-typechecking be done in a fraction of the time it takes to fully typecheck a Scala program? If pre-typechecking turned out to be too slow then my idea from the blog post would turn out to be a flop.
Scala typechecking is a complicated problem and it's a labour intensive area to experiment in. The prospect of investing several weeks of work into prototyping my idea and having just a negative validation as a result didn't sound exciting. I knew that the negative outcome was the most likely one. I've been in business of speeding Scala compilation times since 2012, first working with Martin Odersky and later on my own.
I was looking for ways to hedge my risk. I realized I could reframe my problem into a winning-only, twofold question:
How to build a highly parallel typechecker for Scala, or does
Scala has a fundamental language design flaw that prevents one from being built for?
Either Scala community would win by learning about a path towards a high performance Scala typechecker that anybody programming in Scala wants. Or there would be a lesson of high interest to the entire programming language community in what kind of language feature to avoid in a programming language they are designing.
Armed with two different sets of lenses for looking at my challenge, I capped myself at 15 days of full time work to investigate.
Outline types are cheap
I'll kill the suspense right off for you: Kentucky Mule pre-typechecks sources at the speed of 4.4 million lines of Scala code per second on a warm JVM. I got the units right, it's that fast. On a cold JVM, it can process the entire scalap sources (2k lines of code) and summarize API-level dependencies in around 600ms. This time includes JVM's startup time, loading Kentucky Mule's bytecode, parsing time and actual processing.
I've got some good news for all Scala programmers out there:
Scala does not come with a language design flaw that prevents a fast compiler to be written for.
The pre-typechecking Kentucky Mule does is a small subset of real typechecking Scala compiler performs. It's natural to ask: does Kentucky Mule have a better architecture and implementation or is it simply cheating but not doing the same work as Scala compiler does?
Kentucky Mule repo on GitHub contains a simple benchmark that brings both implementations very close to each other in terms of work they need to do. In that benchmark Scala source is very simple and Kentucky Mule's pre-typechecking is essentially the same as real typechecking. Kentucky Mule performs at speed of 15 million lines of code per second and the Scala compiler at 7 thousand lines of code per second. In this specific case, Kentucky Mule is over three orders of magnitude faster than the Scala compiler.
The performance gap is so large that it's interesting to explore what I did differently in Kentucky Mule.
Different architecture
When I was prototyping the basics of the typechecking in Kentucky Mule, I departed from the typical way of computing types and handling the dependencies between them.
Many compilers have a concept of a completer designated as a fundamental unit of computation in the typechecking process. The Scala compiler, the dotty compiler and the Java compiler have all a concept of a type completer at the center of its typechecking implementation.
A type completer is a deferred (lazy) computation that is triggered when someone asks for a type of entity. For example, if a method call is typechecked, the typechecker will ask the symbol representing the method for its type. If this particular symbol hasn't been inquired for its type before, the associated type completer will be executed and the computed type will be stored. Once a type is completed, an associated type completer is discarded.
At the very high level the type checking consists of setting up the right completers for symbols and then forcing all completers according to the dynamic graph of dependencies between types and other entities in the typechecked program.
At the first sight, the idea of having lazy computations for all steps of the typechecking process looks elegant. However, at closer inspection completers as implemented in Scala and Dotty turn out to be problematic. Let me list a few issues.
Leaky abstraction
The completer is supposed to hide an order in which types are computed. You just ask an entity for its type and either it has it already, or it will be computed for you and you don't need to think about it. However, types in any non-trivial programming language permit many kinds of cyclic references. What happens when you have a cyclic dependency between completers? You get either some form of an infinite recursion (usually observed as an StackOverflowError) or logical errors when one of the completers observes a half-baked type and derives wrong results based on a wrong state of its dependencies. This issue is real and is a life-sustaining source of bugs. Here's one instance of code that tries to handle cycles in Dotty:
The long comment refers to implementation details of other completers (we don't even know which ones exactly). Type completers as a simple deferred computation do not offer any mechanism for dealing with cycles. An ad-hoc measures are invoked that cause the type completer abstraction to leak.
Deep stacktraces
The design of type completers triggering other type completers and blocking on the result of dependent computation promotes deep stack traces. Each step of forcing a type completer is adding at least a few method calls to the stack. It's common to see very deep stack traces while the Scala's typechecking is running.
Deep method call stacks are not handled well by JVM's JIT compiler. This results in a suboptimal runtime performance.
Measuring performance is hard
The profiling tools for JVM are also not handling deep stacktraces well enough. The Java tooling for optimizing performance can be thrown out of the window because it doesn't produce any actionable results for Scala compiler or any other program written in the style resembling Scala compiler.
A large graph of lazy computations makes performance accounting hard to do: you don't know if the completer you're looking at is slow or maybe one out of thousand completers that happen to be forced is slow.
Unpredictable performance model
A programmer working with type completers have a hard time building a mental model for performance characteristics of the code she is writing.
When an inquiry for a type can take anywhere between 1ms and 1s depending on how large portion of the completer graph is forced, it's the right time to give up on reasoning about code's performance.
If a programmer observes her completer to wait on other entity that takes 1 second to compute its type, she has no tools to help her determine whether it's a genuine performance bug or an accidental order of computation she is observing.
One of the most controversial operations of World War II in the Pacific was the 1944 invasion of Peleliu. A military historian has analyzed the circumstances and the personalities involved, trying to answer a question that has nagged veterans such as the one pictured here for more than 54 years.
Few World War II veterans of the 1st Marine Division and the Army's 81st Division ever made sense of the awful sacrifices it cost to wrest Peleliu from a stubborn foe entrenched in the badlands of the Umurbrogol, a moonscape known as "Bloody Nose Ridge." Many survivors consider Peleliu's worst legacy to be that their fleet commander, Admiral William F. Halsey, Jr., had recommended canceling the landing at the last moment—only to have the suggestion rejected by Admiral Chester W. Nimitz, commanding the Pacific Fleet and the Pacific Ocean Areas (CinCPac/CinCPOA). Nimitz has since been excoriated for this decision. "CinCPac here made one of his rare mistakes," observed Samuel Eliot Morison in 1963. Three decades later, naval historian Nathan Miller described the event as "Nimitz's major mistake of the war."
Confusion regarding USGA rule about grooves emerged Monday at the Sea Best Invitational.
Jacksonville's Brett McKinnon was singled out by a playing competitor for a possible violation during the first round at TPC Sawgrass' Stadium Course. The question centered on whether one of his wedges conformed to rules that more strictly limit the size of grooves.
The USGA implemented the rule at the U.S. Open and other high-level events in 2010, and the PGA Tour and PGA of America also adopted the rule that year.
On Jan. 1 this year, the rule was extended to include this condition of competition to what the USGA calls the “highest level of amateur golf” and is “recommended only for competitions involving expert players.” It leaves implementation of the rule in the hands of a tournament's competition committee.
NCAA rules stipulate that the stricter grooves regulations are not in place for Division I regular-season events, and McKinnon was not docked any shots.
“There was no penalty,” said Todd Vatter, Jacksonville's sports information director for men's golf. “The ruling is in effect for the postseason only and is optional for the regular season.”
Here's how the NCAA hard card, which defines rules, addresses grooves: “For the NCAA Championships, the player's clubs must conform to the groove and punch mark specifications in the Rules of Golf that are effective from January 1, 2010. Penalty for breach of Condition: see Decision 4-1/1. This is an optional condition for regular season.”
“What they decided for this year is that because this (rule change) was a mid-season thing, it would be optional for the regular season and be left up to each individual tournament (on whether to enforce the rule),” said Todd Satterfield, president of the Golf Coaches Association of America and men's head coach at Furman.
Satterfield said that emails explaining the stipulation have been sent during the past week to coaches and tournament directors.
At one point, a local media report indicated that McKinnon, a junior from Glace Bay, Nova Scotia, had been assessed four strokes – i.e., two strokes per hole – because he was carrying the nonconforming club for his first two holes.
Had the stricter grooves been required by the tournament committee, McKinnon would have been docked two shots for each hole on which he carried the club without using it, with a maximum of four strokes. Had he used the club at any point, he would have been disqualified.
ESPN columnist and TV personality Michael Wilbon said Monday that the Patriots' berth in Super Bowl XLIX should be vacated by the NFL if “Deflategate'' is found to be true.
“The Patriots franchise is on probation as far as I'm concerned, from Spygate,'' Wilbon said on Pardon The Interruption. “If you're a cheater, and you're a multiple time cheater, I would say to the New England Patriots, “You know what we're going to do? If this is found to be true, like today, tomorrow, the next 72 hours, the next 3 days, you know what? You're forfeiting your spot in the Super Bowl. We're vacating it. Get out! You're a cheater, you're a lying franchise.''
Advertisement
The NFL is investigating whether the Patriots used overly deflated footballs in Sunday's AFC Championship Game throttling of the Colts.
The audio of Monday's PTI can be found here. Skip to the 7-minute mark for the beginning of Wilbon and Tony Kornheiser's discussion on the Patriots.
Sgt. Pepper gets a good dusting off at 50
If you're old enough, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is one of the greatest records ever released. There are enough of us who can recite the lyrics to start a revolution. And just when you think things can't get any better, you realize that they're getting better all the time.
In honor of the 50th anniversary of the release of the original Sgt. Pepper album, the Beatles have produced an enormously "wantable" six disc CD/Blu-Ray combination package with replicas of all the original paper inserts plus a whole lot more.
That's all I've got: watch the video. It's $149 at Amazon, but I bet the price will drop before release on May 26th.
More detailed information for the obsessed!
CD 1: New Stereo Remix
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band With A Little Help From My Friends Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds Getting Better Fixing A Hole She's Leaving Home Being For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite! Within You Without You When I'm Sixty-Four Lovely Rita Good Morning Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise) A Day In The Life
CD 2: Sgt. Pepper Sessions
Strawberry Fields Forever—Take 1 Strawberry Fields Forever—Take 4 Strawberry Fields Forever—Take 7 Strawberry Fields Forever—Take 26 Strawberry Fields Forever—Stereo/Giles Martin Mix 2015 When I'm Sixty-Four Penny Lane—Take 6 Penny Lane—Vocal Overdubs and Speech Penny Lane—Stereo / Giles Martin Mix 2017 A Day In The Lif e- Take 1 A Day In The Life—Take 2 A Day In The Life—Orchestra Overdub A Day In The Life—Hummed Last Chord A Day In The Life—The Last Chord Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band—Take 1 Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band—Take 9 Good Morning—Take 1 Good Morning—Take 8
CD 3: Sgt. Pepper Sessions
Fixing A Hole—Take 1 Fixing A Hole—Speech And Take 3 Being For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite! Being For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite!—Take 7 Lively Rita—Speech and Take 9 Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds—Take 1 And Speech Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds—Speech Getting Better—Take 1 Getting Better—Take 12 Within You Without You—Take 1 Within You Without You—George Coaching The Musicians She's Leaving Home—Take 1 She's Leaving Home—Take 6 With A Little Help From My Friends—Take 1 Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise) Speech and Take 8
CD 4: Sgt. Pepper in Mono
Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band With A Little Help From My Friends Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds Getting Better Fixing A Hole She's Leaving Home Being For The Benefit Of Mr Kite! Within You Without You When I'm Sixty Four Lovely Rita Good Morning Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise) A Day In The Life
Bonus Tracks
Strawberry Fields Forever Penny Lane A Day In The Live—First Mono Mix Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds—Original Mono Mix She's Leaving Home—First Mono Mix Penny Lane—Capitol Records Mono Mix
Disc 5 (Blu-ray): Sgt. Pepper in 5.1 surround sound and hi-res stereo
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band With A Little Help From My Friends Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds Getting Better Fixing A Hole She's Leaving Home Being For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite! Within You Without You When I'm Sixty-Four Lovely Rita Good Morning Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise) A Day In The Life Strawberry Fields Forever Penny Lane The Making Of Sgt. Pepper A Day In The Life Strawberry Fields Forever Penny Lane Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Audio Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Sgt. Pepper's Audio Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Strawberry Field Forever/ Penny Lane Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Video Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Making of Chapter 1 Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Making of Chapter 2 Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Video Setup Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
Disc 6 (DVD): Sgt. Pepper in 5.1 surround sound and hi-res stereo
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band With A Little Help From My Friends Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds Getting Better Fixing A Hole She's Leaving Home Being For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite! Within You Without You When I'm Sixty-Four Lovely Rita Good Morning Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise) A Day In The Life Strawberry Fields Forever Penny Lane The Making Of Sgt. Pepper A Day In The Life Strawberry Fields Forever Penny Lane Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Audio Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Sgt. Pepper's Audio Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Strawberry Field Forever/ Penny Lane Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Video Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Making of Chapter 1 Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Making of Chapter 2 Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Video Setup Menu / The Beatles / Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
Via Super Deluxe Edition
Meet Neil, the Cyborg Who Hears Colors + Paints in Sounds
The human race is evolving, and it has little to do with nature. It is down to our constant curiosity and our refusal to be content with the way things have always been. Neil Harbisson, the stylish gentleman above, is a recognized cyborg. His modification has to do with his inability to see colors. From birth, Harbisson has seen only black and white. But in 2004, he began wearing an eyeborg, a device that allows him to “hear” colors.
The eyeborg creates a kind of artificial synesthesia: a condition that causes some people to experience sensory stimuli through different senses than ordinary. For example, synesthetes may experience numbers spatially or, as in Harbisson's case, they may experience colors as sounds.
Harbisson's voluntary artificial synesthesia allows him to experience the world in a way that no one else does. He associates certain frequencies with certain colors, allowing him to “paint” with sounds. Using the sonochromatic scales above, he creates unique and surprisingly lovely soundscapes that let the rest of us share his unusual experience of colors for just a few moments.
A's refuse to remove tarp OAKLAND Management won't open up tarp area - which can hold 20,878 - despite pleas from fans, city officials
Most teams try to sell as many tickets as they can, especially during the playoffs. The Oakland Athletics have a different philosophy.
A's management said Friday that it does not plan to sell 20,878 of O.co Coliseum's 55,945 seats next week for the A's division showdown with the Detroit Tigers. Those seats account for about 37 percent of the Coliseum's baseball seating capacity, and A's management has sealed them off with tarps since 2006 due to low attendance.
But now the Oakland A's are drawing sellout crowds. So many fans showed up for the last game of the season on Wednesday that A's management warned people to stay away because there were no tickets left.
Fans are demanding that the team remove the tarps to let more people in - some have started a petition via a website called Removethetarps.com. Many have pelted A's management with complaints.
On Friday, A's management explained to The Chronicle why they would not remove the tarps.
More intimate
The majority of the upper bowl at the O.Co Coliseum is closed to fans, and the seats are covered with green tarps painted with the team name. The luxury boxes shown are not being used during the Oakland A's game against the Blue Jays in Oakland, Calif., Wednesday, May 9, 2012. less The majority of the upper bowl at the O.Co Coliseum is closed to fans, and the seats are covered with green tarps painted with the team name. The luxury boxes shown are not being used during the Oakland A's ... more Photo: Sarah Rice, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Sarah Rice, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close A's refuse to remove tarp 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
A smaller crowd, A's managers said, would create a closer, more intimate environment for the American League Division Series.
"The fan experience is better without spreading fans out over more seats," A's executives wrote in an e-mail. "The energy in the park and the fan experience over the last week (when the seats were tarped) was incredible."
Since 2006, shortly after Lew Wolff bought the team, most of the third deck and the outfield stands known as Mount Davis have been covered with dark green tarps. The Raiders, who share the Coliseum with the A's, remove the tarps for their home games.
The's rationale is that most games are far from sellouts, so they want fans to gather in the lower decks rather than scatter throughout the stadium.
"Here's a team that says they need to leave Oakland because there's no support. Yet here you have thousands of people who are begging to put money in the A's pockets, and they tell fans, 'Sorry, you have to watch it on TV,' " said Doug Boxer, a former Oakland planning commissioner and organizer of an A's fan group called Let's Go Oakland. "It doesn't make any sense." So far this year, the A's have sold out only seven of 79 games in the 35,067 seats in the non-tarp area.
A's fans already feel betrayed by Wolff, who's been trying for years to move the team. He's awaiting word from Major League Baseball on his request to move the A's to San Jose, saying his team cannot succeed in Oakland while sharing a stadium with the Raiders, and Oakland has no other suitable sites for a ballpark. The team has defied all odds and expectations, however. Despite having the lowest payroll in the American League, the team shocked the sports world and thrilled their fans by overcoming a 13-game deficit and clinching the American League West title after sweeping the Texas Rangers.
They open the division series Saturday in Detroit and return to Oakland on Tuesday for the best-of-five series. That game is sold out, as is Wednesday's, if it's played.
A's managers said they'll roll up the tarps only if the A's reach the World Series.
That's not good enough, said Oakland City Councilman and Coliseum Authority Co-Chairman Ignacio De La Fuente.
'Denying fans'
"Anyone in their right mind would open those seats," he said. Keeping the seats closed "is denying fans the chance to show their incredible support for the A's. I don't understand it."
Even seasoned sports marketing professionals were bewildered by Wolff's decision.
Longtime sports marketer Paul Siri of Redwood City, a former executive with IMG, said he'd never seen an owner say "no" to the chance to sell more tickets, hot dogs, beer, T-shirts and other merchandise at a high-profile game that's sure to sell out.
The move makes sense only if Wolff is trying to convince Major League Baseball he can't build a successful team in Oakland, Siri said.
"Looking at this from his point of view, this is the worst thing that could happen," Siri said. "His team wins, media exposure increases, the stadium sells out, and suddenly he loses his leverage to move. It kills his argument. ... I don't blame the fans for being upset."
Sara Somers, an Oakland resident who's with a group called Save Oakland Sports, was reluctant to criticize Wolff but said the players deserve a strong, boisterous crowd.
"Intimate is not what you want for a playoff game. You want noise. You want the crowd's energy to be contagious," she said. "Management needs to give the team the best home-field advantage they can."
LOS ANGELES - Three Los Angeles teenagers were ordered Thursday to stand trial on murder charges in the slaying of a Chinese graduate student at the University of Southern California.
Judge M.L. Villar made the ruling in Los Angeles County Superior Court after hearing testimony from police and watching videos that a prosecutor said showed the fatal beating of Xinran Ji.
Ji, 24, was hit with a bat during an attempted robbery July 24 as he walked to his off-campus apartment after a late-night study session. He ran from his attackers, but they caught him a block away and continued the beating until he was on his knees.
Jonathan Del Carmen, 19, Alberto Ochoa, 17, and Alejandra Guerrero, 16, will be arraigned on the murder count Jan. 29. A fourth teen, Andrew Garcia, 19, faces a preliminary hearing at a later date because of questions raised about his mental competency. All four pleaded not guilty after their arrests.
Deputy District Attorney John McKinney said the four were driving around looking for someone to rob when they saw Ji. One of the suspects said they targeted Ji because he looked Chinese and they thought he would have money.
The killing led to renewed concerns about the safety of USC's Chinese students, who make up about 40 percent of the school's large foreign population. Two other Chinese graduate students were murdered off campus in 2012.The school and Los Angeles police beefed up patrols after those killings and added surveillance cameras.
USC grad student Xinran Ji, 24, was found dead in his off-campus apartment on Thursday, July 24, 2014, after being attacked by at least three assailants, police said. CBS Los Angeles
Video cameras in the area caught footage of Ji being surrounded by the teens and struck with a bat. A second camera showed him running around the corner and then being caught a second time, where he was seriously beaten.
Ji managed to stagger home, trailing blood the whole way and was found dead in bed.
A couple hours after the beating, the four went to the beach, where Garcia, Ochoa, Guerrero allegedly robbed a tourist and attacked her friend.
Ochoa and Guerrero face trial in that attack on robbery, attempted robbery and assault with deadly weapon charges.
Del Carmen and Garcia could face the death penalty if convicted. Ochoa and Guerrero are charged as adults, but they can only face up to life in prison without the possibility of parole if convicted because of their ages.
The Baltimore Orioles continue to look at the free agent market and consider not only Mark Trumbo, but also some of the pitching available.
The Baltimore Orioles‘ fans voiced their thoughts on how the team should take the draft pick attached to Mark Trumbo and use the money to sign another starter.
As discussed here, fitting a starter into the rotation would be a complicated endeavor.
But, let's play along and say that a starter is signed. Let's look at the options:
Under 20-Club of capable starters
Brett Anderson – Struggled in four games in 2016 after returning from back injury. Nathan Eovaldi* – Eovaldi is considering returning to the New York Yankees, but will not pitch in 2017 due to having Tommy John surgery in August. Henderson Alvarez – Has not pitched since May 22, 2015, in the majors due to shoulder concerns. Pitched in 11 minor league games in 2016. Mat Latos – No injury concerns, more attitude conflicts that keep him unsigned.
Veteran free agent starting pitchers
C.J. Wilson – Missed all of 2016 due to shoulder surgery, may begin throwing for teams in February. Jason Hammel
Doug Fister Colby Lewis Kris Medlen Dillon Gee Brandon Beachy – Only made one appearance in rookie ball for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2016 after having Tommy John surgery, possible he may never pitch in the majors again. Lucas Harrell – Struggled and worked out of the bullpen as a long man after being traded from the Atlanta Braves to the Texas Rangers in 2016.
Washed Up or Washed Out
Not Starting Material
So, where does this leave us? The not starting material is largely a group of guys who have never been used as a starting pitcher, or if they were, were not overly successful at it.
The washed up or washed out category are names you would recognize. However, many of these guys are in their upper-30s in age or struggled mightily in 2016. If you have a name on that list who could start for the Orioles over Ubaldo Jimenez and Wade Miley, let me know.
The veteran starters we will revisit in a second.
The under-30 club is four guys who come with a ton of baggage. Latos is for his attitude, the others all injury-related. Eovaldi is out, as he won't pitch in 2017. Here at The Baltimore Wire, we have discussed how a low-risk, high reward contract for Alvarez would be a good idea. Brett Anderson mostly struggled to end 2016 after back surgery but has largely been a good pitcher in the major leagues.
Now, back to the veterans.
C.J. Wilson is out, as he will not be ready to start the year. As is Brandon Beachy, who unfortunately it appears will never fulfill the capable starter he once had to his career.
I don't think Lucas Harrell is anything more than a long man on most contending pitching staffs. Same goes for Dillon Gee.
That leaves Kris Medlen, Doug Fister, Jason Hammel and Colby Lewis.
Lewis had a great year in 2016 until he got hurt, but is someone who is VERY susceptible to the home run. You may remember in 2012 when Lewis left up home runs to the first three Oriole batters on eight pitches. He allowed five home runs total in that game, but also struck out 12, a career-high and at one point retired 18 batters in a row. In fact, he was top 10 in HRs allowed in three of the last six seasons. I'd pass on him.
Medlen was once a top young pitcher for the Atlanta Braves before Tommy John surgery altered his career. Last year he was for the Kansas City Royals, his first two starts went pretty well. Then, on April 23rd, he faced the Orioles in Kauffman Stadium and got rocked. He left up seven runs on nine hits in 3.2 innings, with three walks and only two strikeouts. In fact, Medlen walked 20 people in only 24.1 innings, part of the reason his WHIP was above two. Maybe a flier on a low-risk, low-reward minor league deal with Spring Training invite, but I don't see him as an upgrade right now.
That leaves Hammel and Fister.
Hammel, of course, is well-known in Baltimore. In 2016, he started the year 7-1 through June 4, but would up going 15-10. The 34-year-old struggled so much in August and September that he didn't pitch in the postseason at all for the World Series Champion Chicago Cubs. But, his overall number weren't bad, with an ERA at 3.69.
Want your voice heard? Join the The Baltimore Wire team! Write for us!
Fister was a different story. His ERA was 4.64, the worst of his career. He went 12-13 and never was able to put it together in his first year in Houston. As you look at the numbers for Fister, what sticks out is that he had always been somewhat pedestrian outside of his 16-6 year in Washington in 2014.
For me, it comes down to money. Sure, you could sign Alvarez, Medlen and maybe even C.J. Wilson to contracts where if they struggle, the team doesn't lose anything.
But, if we are talking about players who are going to contribute throughout 2017, I think the options are Brett Anderson, Doug Fister, and Jason Hammel.
Anderson's issues are centered on durability. Last year he made over $15 million dollars for the Dodgers. There is no way he is worth that. If the Orioles could sign him for less than $5 million, I would give it a try.
As for Fister and Hammel, I would be willing to go a little higher for both, to around $8 million. Fister made $7 million in 2016; Hammel made $9 million.
I think that Hammel would be a better fit in Baltimore, due to his success pitching the AL East, but I would be ok with either of this guy in black and orange.
The problem then would return to what to do with the extra starter.
I still don't have an answer there.
World War I is an unusual topic for a graphic novel -- but Joe Sacco, the artist behind "The Great War," is an unusual fellow.
The history lover and cartoonist has produced a foldout panorama that depicts the first day of the Battle of the Somme. Sacco, who's been compared to trailblazing comic artists Art Spiegelman and R. Crumb, breaks down the day's events: the grinding progress of the British, the exploding shells that will spell those soldiers' doom.
Advertisement:
Sacco's work has largely been journalism about contemporary war zones; his past books have included comics about Palestine and Bosnia. But "The Great War," for its historical remove as well as for its overwhelming sweep, is something different entirely. Sacco told Salon about how he uses images to communicate the horrors of the Western Front. "You're inside it, and with the multiple images, you'll hopefully get an idea of the atmosphere."
The artist accepts the term "graphic novel," one that's come to be applied to comics that are perceived as more "serious." But he noted that he didn't mind being seen as a "comics artist." "I was quite content with the word 'comic book.'" A book this evidently serious and one that's the product of so much work clearly isn't just meant to entertain. But its dynamism and visual sweep rank with the best of what comic books, which at their best create immersive universes, have historically done.
You've been frequently compared to other graphic novel artists. Is that just because there are so few that are as prominent as you are, or do you think that you are really like, say, Art Spiegelman?
I mean, I wouldn't know how to stack myself up against a genius like Art Spiegelman. I don't know if I would. I mean, Art was an inspiration in the sense that what he did with "Maus" was pretty much groundbreaking. And if it weren't for someone like him and his book, the doors might never have opened. As far as the way I draw, that's probably most influenced -- the most influence I have is from Robert Crumb, as far as drawing goes.
I'm wondering what you think of the term “graphic novel.” Is it one you embrace?
I don't particularly care for it. I realize now that that battle is lost. My concern then -- and even I, when people say, “What do you do?” and I'll say, “I'm a cartoonist,” they get confused by what that means; I'll say “graphic novel,” because that's terminology that they understand. But I don't like it, just because I think most of my work has been not a novel, not fiction, in other words, so I was quite content with the word "comic book" -- but I understand that even that carries some baggage with it.
Advertisement:
Right, it seems like either way, there's some valence that people may or may not be happy with.
And I was -- you know, I grew up with the term "comic books," it didn't bother me, and "graphic novel" always seemed like a way of making adults feel like they weren't being puerile by buying these things.
I'm interested as well in what illustrations allow you to do in journalism and history that the written word doesn't. What would you say are the advantages to conveying stories this way?
Let me preface it by saying I think every medium has its strengths. But I think illustrated work puts the reader directly into a picture. You open up, let's say, a comic book, and I've drawn a Palestinian refugee camp -- you're inside it, and with the multiple images, you'll hopefully get an idea of the atmosphere. As a cartoonist, you're concentrating on giving visual information -- especially in the background -- that can be conveyed by multiple images. And things follow the reader around. You know, the architecture will follow the reader from one panel to another, so it becomes part of the atmosphere that the reader is imbibing. With the written word, you can describe the architecture, but you're not going to keep mentioning it as a figure is walking down the street, you're not going to keep mentioning what the background is. With comics you can do that.
Advertisement:
It's almost subliminally reminding people of things over and over.
Yeah, but without hitting them over the head -- it's just background information. The other thing I think a comic does well is that it can take the reader into the past, very seamlessly. Because your drawing style is the same now as if you're drawing something a hundred years ago, and so the reader has an easier transition, which can be difficult to do with a documentary film; sometimes documentary film relies on acting to bring the past to life, and that always seems strange -- it rubs up against the nature of documentary film.
And often if you lay photographs side by side -- let's say a modern photograph and a photograph from 150 years ago, or 100 years ago - -the difference in that technology makes it apparent that it was the past, that was another time. For me, I'm very interested in organic connections between the present and the past. So the less difference there is in people's minds for the present and the past, the better it is, as far as I'm concerned. And finally, I'll say this: Drawing helps you look at very difficult things. It might be very difficult to look at some of the things humans do to other humans if it was a photograph or if it was filmed. Whenever I see some of those sorts of films, it's my natural inclination to turn away because it's so real. Drawings allow for a certain filter, I think, that allows a reader to look.
Advertisement:
World War I was such a notoriously violent war. Is that part of why you chose to do this? I know that your work is generally more reporting on contemporary events, so I'm wondering how it was that you became interested in this historical event.
I've been interested in historical events for a long, long time; pretty much all I read is history. As far as the First World War goes, I've been interested in that since I was a boy. I grew up in Australia, and over there World War I is very prominent in the national consciousness because of the Gallipoli landings.
And I remember the commemorations on Anzac Day, the day to commemorate the landings, which would take place, and listening to the stories over the school loudspeaker systems about soldiers at Gallipoli. I mean, that was sort of a yearly feature. So that stuck in my head. I also just had books about the First World War when I was little, that got me somehow intrigued and started me down this lifelong path of reading books about the First World War, partly because of the sheer strange technical developments of the First World War -- the use of spy planes, poison gas, the first use of tanks. When you're a boy you're just sort of fascinated by that sort of stuff, in some ways, and I've been reading about this sort of thing for a long, long time. And in a way, when this project was suggested to me -- it wasn't really initiated by me -- it just seemed like a natural fit, like something I should do because I've spent so much time obsessing over the First World War. Maybe it was time to redeem that interest, redeem that voyeuristic little boy, and actually produce something from all that reading and all that thinking.
Advertisement:
Were you finding things out as you went along that you newly wanted to put in and give its due?
There are all kinds of aspects of the war that I didn't know that much about. I'd never concentrated that much on the whole logistical thing, and so it was very impressive -- this whole idea of cranking up a battle like this one -- it's enormous. It's a huge human endeavor. You can question the results, and of course I do, but it's a massive human undertaking, and I wanted to give some sense of the scale of that. There were many little details, of course, that I didn't know much about, as far as -- one thing is you see pictures of horses in the First World War, but then you realize how many horses they had and how vital they were, and you realize, “Oh, I have to draw a lot of horses.” It's more about drawing horses than it is about drawing trucks.
Right, and I'm kind of curious: Is there an ideal way -- because there are these patterns that reiterate -- that someone should read or consume this? Should you look at it all at once? Should you kind of go through in a very methodical way? How do you envision your reader consuming this work?
It's not a question I thought of while I was doing it, but I imagine there are a number of ways, and the two I can think of is 1) just to lay it out as far as you can and just walk across it and sort of soak in the whole thing in one go, but then probably I hope people will take time and look at some of the details. Because even though this is the story of humanity in a mass, there are also many individual stories going on. I've tried to individuate people as much as possible, and there are parts where you can almost cut out the story of what's going on with one or two individuals here or there, whether they're talking to each other or have a different reaction to certain things -- there are a lot of little stories going on in this big picture.
Advertisement:
"Favorite" is such a crass way to describe such an element of the war, but which littler stories, in particular, are you most proud of including?
I think in the line, if you look at the picture, the line toward the field kitchen, there's one soldier who's taken a piece of bread that he shouldn't take, and his mates are laughing. I'm interested in the sort of, in these little stories, I'm making them up as I go along -- they just sort of come to me as I'm drawing. That, to me, is a way of bringing life to those people. They're not planned out one by one; they sort of take life as I'm drawing them. They become their own little spontaneous story.
These stories, then; there's nothing like that in the history you found? Are these individual stories works of imagination?
To me, I think this is a work veering on the artistic side, as opposed to the strictly journalistic side, in that way. Although journalism obviously informs how I've approached this, in that I'm interested in getting the details right so that the reader can have as true an experience as I can manage it. But with things like that, you just imagine how humans would behave in these sorts of situations and you put yourself in their place to some extent, and you imagine it. And then, of course, I've read enough books -- enough first-person accounts -- maybe there's no one that said, “I stole a piece of bread,” of course not, but you realize there are many different reactions going into a battle like this. There's fear, there's enthusiasm, there are all kinds of things to show.
Advertisement:
What do you hope your readers take from this in terms of a lesson? Is the book even intended that way?
I want the average person, who probably doesn't know much about the First World War, let's say, to have some sort of visceral sense of the first day of the Battle of the Somme, which in many people's eyes epitomizes the futility of so much of this war. From my standpoint, what impressed me the most in drawing it was drawing the soldiers marching up; many of the troops were volunteers at this point, this was not a conscript army, and there was a great enthusiasm still. A lot of these soldiers wanted to get into the fight, and that sort of enthusiasm -- as I'm drawing it, I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking about our capacity to sort of be enthusiastic for these proposals that are rather -- what's the word? It's a great unknown going into war, and it's strange how we put ourselves into these positions and, in a lot of ways, the masses blame the generals and the politicians for a while -- but often people get behind these things too. Then it meets reality, and that's what I'm trying to show. I want to show that enthusiasm meeting reality. That, to me, is sort of a lesson that you can take, or that I take, anyway, when I'm drawing something like this. The great thing about drawing is that it gives you the luxury to think about it because you're spending so much time.
You can contemplate as you're doing it, each second.
That's the best thing about it, to me. Often I'm thinking about what I'm getting out of it. People ask, “What do you want the reader to get out of it?” That's the secondary notion. Of course, I want the reader to feel something, too, but to me, when I'm doing it, I'm learning. It's not like drawing is giving me answers; sometimes the act of drawing gives me questions. Anyway, it lets me think about those questions.
The Last of Us Art Director Leaves Naughty Dog
The lead artist behind The Last of Us, Nate Wells, has announced through Twitter that he has left Naughty Dog.
Wells said that he has been apart of The Unfinished Swan developer Giant Sparrow since April 3. His Twitter bio says that he is the Art Director at Giant Sparrow.
Giant Sparrow has announced through their blog that they are working on a new project. When they made The Unfinished Swan, they were a team made of three, and now they have a team of nine. Hopefully they will unveil their new game at the quickly approaching E3.
Naughty Dog has had two directors, Justin Richmond and Amy Hennig; leave the company in the past two months. While both Richmond and Hennig have found new jobs since their departure from Naughty Dog, one must ask the question of is everything okay at Naughty Dog? It could be that these three individuals decided to expand their talents and go start new projects, or something dark is brewing at Naughty Dog. Unless Naughty Dog somehow goes under, it's better to just stick to the positives of these stories.
The Last of Us Remastered will be releasing on the PlayStation 4 on June 20. The game will feature a native 1080 resolution and will also ship with all the multiplayer DLCs released and Left Behind.
0 Shares
Last weekend's Mobil 1 Twelve Hours of Sebring was a race to forget for a number of TUDOR United SportsCar Championship competitors, including nearly half of the teams in Prototype Challenge.
Two massive accidents wrote-off three Oreca FLM09s and left one spec prototype heavily battered, totaling nearly $1 million in damage in the class alone.
That wasn't including a handful of other crashes, which when added up, made for one of the most carnage-filled races in recent memory.
Arguably the biggest, and most publicized, incident came in the sixth hour when the No. 87 BAR1 Motorsports entry of Gaston Kearby spun and re-entered the track directly in front of oncoming traffic.
Kearby was collected by open-wheel veteran Alex Tagliani in the No. 08 RSR Racing car, who escaped with only a sore wrist following one of the biggest impacts ever seen in a PC car.
“The car did a great job withstanding the crash,” team owner Paul Gentilozzi told Sportscar365. “It did everything that it was engineered to do.
“Had it not been Alex, who has a lot of experience and great reflexes, had he not veered, the ambulance trip would have been much different for both drivers.”
The RSR entry, which was among the cars in contention for the class win, was totaled in the accident, having sustained damage exceeding $200,000, according to Gentilozzi.
“At a couple hundred thousand dollars of damage, it far exceeded the insurance coverage,” he said. “We crushed the tub and vaporized everything on the front of the car. Left-front suspension, left-rear suspension, bell-housing, right-front suspension.
“You get to a point where the damage is so great that the components add up to more than the whole [car] is worth… It becomes a significant financial burden to the team because of it, unfairly, to be honest.”
Kearby's BAR1 machine was also a write-off, forcing the Brian Alder-led team to weigh their options on sourcing a replacement chassis. No decision has been made, although he's found three available used cars.
“One [option] is to buy a replacement car and the other is to buy a new tub and rebuild this car,” Alder said. “Obviously it takes a lot of time to build a new tub up, so we're seeing which would makes the most sense business-wise.”
Gentilozzi, meanwhile, said he should have more answers next week on his team's rebuild plans, either going with a replacement tub from ORECA or purchasing a complete new car.
Both the PR1/Mathiasen Motorsports and Performance Tech Motorsports entries were also caught up in a frightening moment in the fourth hour, when David Ostella ran wide in Turn 17 and clobbered the tire barriers, sending him into an oncoming Frankie Monecalvo.
Montecalvo was leading the race at the time. It resulted in another written-off PC car, ironically the PR1's second consecutive in debuting a new car. The team has purchased one of three brand-new PC cars from Level 5 Motorsports for its rebuild.
“It was brand-new coming into Sebring as it only had 1,000 miles on it before the start of the race,” team owner Bobby Oergel said. “It is what it is. We're going to put a new tub underneath a new car again and it will be back to being as good as it was to begin with.”
As for Performance Tech, the Florida-based squad run by Brent O'Neill came away with the least amount of damage, with only minor, repairable damage to its FLM09 tub, but still a costly rebuild job ahead.
“We're one of the fortunate ones,” O'Neill said. “I'm not really sure how it happened but we didn't tub our car. It's got one little knick, on the lower left side, where the control arm bruised the tub on the way down. The rest of it is all just parts.
“We're full speed ahead, already picking up parts and pieces. We actually brought all of the bodywork home with us from Haas at Sebring. It will probably take us two or three weeks to get it done.”
With six weeks before the next TUDOR Championship PC round at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, all four teams are expected to return to action with new or repaired machinery, but a few are left with a bad taste in their mouths after some of the driving standards seen at Sebring.
Gentilozzi has been one of the more outspoken, as the longtime team owner seeks recourse after the accident triggered by Kearby, who was making his second professional sports car racing start.
“We've looked at the video a hundred times and I'm still angry,” Gentilozzi said. “I've been doing this for 45 years and had my share of accidents that were my fault. But I can tell you that I never did this…
“I don't hold this against BAR1 at all. Brian [Alder] and those guys are good guys and are racers and they're trying to do the right thing. But this is grossly negligent.”
Is Kickstarter covering up a scam? An open letter to CEO Yancey Strickler.
Dear Yancey,
I love Kickstarter. When I backed my first project in 2012, I was happy and excited to be given the opportunity to support creators with my pledge. Since then, Kickstarter has been an endless source of inspiration and allowed me to acquire tools which affected my workflow as a visual artist in a significant and positive way.
However, there's one project that is forcing me to change my mind about Kickstarter and its apparent integrity: in less than 24 hours from now, a shockingly misleading project is about to end, and 290.000 $ from backers will be gone into what I think is a huge SCAM.
I've tried everything I could to share my concerns with your team: forms on your site, emails and tweets, and I met 4 members of your staff in person at Sonar festival, but I was left with a deafening silence.
Today, I can't trust you anymore, and I am about to delete my KS account and encourage my friends to do the same.
[UPDATE: July 10th] The Holus project just reached its funding time a few minutes ago, with 297.790 $ from backers.
Despite the diffusion of this open letter on social networks, Yancey Strickler didn't care to comment, neither did Kickstarter.
I feel cheated by one of the rare companies I was trusting and believing in, so I just deleted my account.
[UPDATE: July 14th] Yancey Strickler finally responded to this article, and I wrote a new post: KICKSTARTER IS BROKEN
Here's a short version of the story:
I spent the past 10 years working mostly with unusual displays: 3d stereoscopic screens, projection mapping, holography; so when I first read about the Holus, an “Interactive Tabletop Holographic Display”, it piqued my curiosity. That moment soon passed as I noticed that the claims were hugely overblown. H+tech, the company behind Holus, broke several of Kickstarter's rules, using photorealistic CGI, misleading language and obfuscation techniques to make their product appear considerably more impressive than it can ever hope to be. Their strategy proved successful and Holus reach it's initial funding goal in 19 minutes!
Yet, their tech is nothing new. In fact it's a repackaging of an old optical trick from the 19th century called a Pepper's Ghost: basically a computer monitor reflected on a piece of glass.
I wasn't the only one to notice:
Considering that similar scam projects claiming the use of “holographic technology” happened before (remember Holovision, bleen..), I was surprised that Kickstarter didn't check this one, and I reported it, and thought KS would flag the project and cancel it shortly.
Instead, the so-called holograms went viral (all tech media got fooled, see techcrunch, engadgets and wired articles), Holus got selected as a “kickstarter staff pick”, and received 290.000 $ of pledges (and counting).
To make sure I wasn't missing something, I started investigating a bit more in depth, and here's what I found out:
1- Misleading information
A hologram is a photographic recording of a light field and it is used to display a fully three-dimensional image of the holographed subject. (Wikipedia)
Still scenes are captured with a laser, and rendered on a photographic plate.
Holus is a 2D display based on “Pepper's Ghost“. The reflected image has no depth, and has nothing to do with the term hologram. Raphaël de Courville, an expert in display technologies wrote three in-depth articles about “holus”, read Part 1, part 2 and 3:
Is Holus about to become the most successful scam in the history of Kickstarter?
2- Use of CGI
The KS rules are pretty clear: Don't use photorealistic renderings.
However, Holus raised it's first 220.000 $ from backers using mostly CGI images, before replacing them discretely.
These shots were captured from the original vimeo file. None of these is actually possible (unrealistic perspective and contrasts).
It has since then been deleted and silently replaced by the current one with CGI removed.
3- the “STAFF PICK” badge
I expected it to be a hand picked selection from your team, projects you verify and support, and that I can trust.
When I questioned your team about the Holus “staff pick” badge, here's the answer I received:
In other words: it's fake, anyone can use it, and don't expect KS to verify these.
Not quite the answer I expected, I have to admit.
Since I wouldn't get any significant answer by email (transparency@kickstarter.com), I met your staff in person at Sonar festival in Barcelona, followed by the only feedback I had over 30 days of investigation:
“While we can't comment on the details of investigations around specific projects, currently Holus does not violate Kickstarter's guidelines. We will continue to monitor the project.”
Dear Yancey, despite the awesome projects you made happen, I have to say I am very sad to see you covering up a project that clearly break your own guidelines. It might be more fair to your community if you deleted these 2 pages:
https://www.kickstarter.com/trust
https://www.kickstarter.com/rules
Holus will reach it's funding time in about 20 hours from now.
It's not too late to cancel the Holus project. H+ can relaunch their campaign without the infringing content from the start and if people really like what they see, they will pledge again. Mistakes happen. Trying to cover a scam, on the other hand, is not a mistake. It is a severe breach of trust.
I will feel very sorry for the 480 backers that are expecting to receive their “3D holograms” sometime next year.
290.000 $ is an expensive disappointment.
Will you just close your eyes and let backers be fooled?
I really hope that you will hear me and prove that you still believe that trust is at the heart of crowdfunding and at the heart of Kickstarter.
Sincerely,
Joanie Lemercier
Comments
comments
Powered by Facebook Comments
The Feminization of Domestic Violence in America: The Woozle Effect Goes Beyond Rhetoric…. Way Beyond.
The argument presented here makes three points. First, domestic violence is much more gender isomorphic than general violence within the community at large (and such data have been known for decades). Second, all males within the home are not equal. Husbands are not the same as boyfriends. Fathers are not the same as adjunct boyfriends or stepfathers. Third, any unchallenged imagery of the equations of U. S. domestic violence with male violence and, in turn, with father/husband violence creates unnecessary problems for fathers, for husbands, and for the integrity of the scientific enterprise, and, not inconsequentially, will expose some U.S. children to unnecessary levels of risk to mind and body. Sep 22, 1999
..and it took another 13 years for VAWA to be left to die on the floor of congress?
As the history of politicization of domestic abuse and Intimate partner violence in the US becomes clearer, the “Woozle Effect” or “Evidence By Citation” becomes more and more amazing.
One U.S. societal reaction to and evaluation of poverty among its citizens was the concept of the “feminization of poverty.” In an analogous manner, the frame of reference of domestic violence has been to align women, rather than men, as the recipients of domestic violence. However, epidemiological surveys on the distribution of violent behavior between adult partners suggest gender parity. Similarly, in terms of child abuse, levels of fathers' domestic violence toward their own children are more consonant with those of mothers' rather than they are distinct. Highbeam
The Lies – Deception – the Claims on Funding – the Politics – The Manipulation Of Government at both state and federal levels – the milking the system for Billions of Dollars for issues that did not exist and in-spite of clear evidence that show they did not exist …. Is shocking a big enough word?
Fraud may be too small a word.
Now this is when it gets truly amazing, because that is being said in 1999, and in 2011 the CDC finally reported on The National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey (NISVS) 2010 and reported much the same thing. On the face of it, and especially in light of the Executive Summary and Easy read that looks like a lie. But when you actaully look, read and check such things as Definitions used it turns out that the parity does exist, it's just that after so many decades of parroting the Woozled Reality the CDC and so many others fear telling the truth and being asked if they are fools.
Is it any wonder that the CDC report was held up unpublished until the FBI got round to changing the definition of rape from it's 1929 position to a slightly more modern but still gender biased 2012 position. So many have been happy because of course the new definitions mean that all past stats are null and void and it will take maybe another 10 to 15 years for cracks to really show up. Plenty of time to milk that cow more and make sure you have a nice retirement sorted out. Just when the Woozles were being put out of everyone's misery, the Woozle keepers and breeders are back in control again.
More years of Woozle hunting required!
The full text of “The Feminization of Domestic Violence in America: The Woozle Effect Goes Beyond Rhetoric.” for those who simply can't believe.
Advertisements
guide appears huge, this whole process should take at the most a few hours. You can finish it in phases over the course of several days. It is highly recommended that you close *ALL* applications running on your computer before starting. === 1 : Obtaining Tor Browser === The first step to becoming secure and anonymous online is to setup and install something called "TOR". "TOR" is short for "The Onion Router". The concepts behind TOR were first implemented by the United States Military, and these principles have been used to create an extremely secure mechanism for being anonymous online. In fact, millions of people world-wide use TOR to browse the internet and communicate anonymously. TOR works by heavily encrypting your communications so that no observer can see what website you are really going to, and what information is really being sent. It all appears as a bunch of random characters to any observer. You simply use the TOR web browser just as you use any other web browser. TOR takes care of the rest. However, TOR by itself is not enough. Even when using TOR, a user can be compromised in a number of ways. First, some websites can be set up to attempt to reveal someone's true IP address (their true identity) by tricking their web browser or other software to transmitting that information. For this reason, anyone who uses TOR will recommend that no one have javascript or flash turned on while browsing TOR. In this guide however, I will show you a much better solution. The second issue is that of human error. Even if you have TOR installed, you may accidentally forget which browser to put in a link. You may also accidentally click on a link from another program, such as a chat program. That program might then load the link you clicked on into a non-TOR browser. When you are using TOR, you must be careful *constantly* that every link goes into the right browser, and that you do not accidentally click the wrong link. So then, let's begin. Obtaining the TOR Browser is easy. Simply go to the following website: http://www.torproject.org Once here, you may feel free to read more about what TOR is and how it works, or you may proceed to immediately download TOR. Here is how to do so: 1. Click on "Download TOR", or "Download". 2. You will see text that says, "The Tor Browser Bundle contains everything you need ... Just extract it and run. Learn more >> 3. Click on this "Learn more" link. for the "Tor Browser Bundle" 4. Assuming you are an English speaker, you would choose the top-most link "English (en-US)". Otherwise, pick the language best suited to you. 5. The file being saved will be named: tor-browser-1.3.18_en-US.exe It is ok if the number is not exactly 1.3.18, there are new versions of Tor from time to time. At the time that this guide was written, 1.3.18 was most current. By the time you are reading this, a more current version of TOR may exist.
A 1942 photo shows hemp growing in Fayette County in Central Kentucky. Efforts to restore the crop that decades ago was a major industry in Kentucky appear to be growing despite the defeat of another legalization effort in the states 2012 General Assembly. The tall, leafy plant was outlawed because of its similarity to marijuana, but supporters argue its nearly impossible to get high by smoking hemp. (AP Photo/Louisville Courier-Journal) NO SALES, NO ARCHIVE, MAGS OUT
Lawmakers in the Kentucky House beat the clock on Tuesday, approving a bill as the legislative session expired that would establish a framework for a legal hemp industry in the Bluegrass State.
The 88-4 vote marked a victory for industrial hemp advocates who had been disheartened just weeks before, when House Speaker Greg Stumbo (D-Prestonburg) declared that the measure would die without a vote. After days of wrangling over the specifics of the hemp licensing and regulation duties within the bill, however, lawmakers reached an agreement and pushed it through in an eleventh-hour vote. The state Senate, which had already passed an earlier version of the legislation, approved the House bill moments later.
Under SB 50, Kentucky's Department of Agriculture would oversee the state's hemp commission, which would license future farmers. Research functions would be passed to the University of Kentucky, and the Kentucky State Police -- a primary opponent of the measure -- would be given significant enforcement duties. SB 50 would give law enforcement responsibility for conducting background checks on applicants, monitoring registered industrial hemp fields and performing random tests of industrial hemp.
The bill now goes to Gov. Steve Beshear (D), who has expressed concerns about legal hemp in the past. He hasn't said whether he plans to veto it or sign it into law.
Even if Beshear signs the bill, however, the actual growing of hemp -- a Schedule I drug under federal law, alongside heroin and PCP -- wouldn't necessarily commence. The legislation is contingent upon federal action approving the cultivation of hemp in Kentucky, or more broadly removing the plant, which looks similar to marijuana but contains low levels of the psychoactive agent THC, from a list of banned substances.
SB 50 has the backing of federal lawmakers, who have vowed to follow through with the necessary action from Washington. While federal legislation has been introduced to legalize the production of hemp, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) released a statement Wednesday promising to seek a waiver from the Drug Enforcement Administration in order to fast-track the development of industrial hemp.
“Senate Bill 50 is an important step forward in the reintroduction of industrial hemp in Kentucky," Paul said. "I have pledged, along with Rep. John Yarmuth, to seek a waiver when a regulatory framework is in place. I will follow through on that pledge and I hope that Kentucky will soon start growing hemp, creating jobs and leading the nation in this industry again.”
Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) also said he planned to press for an immediate federal solution.
Image copyright AP Image caption There is widespread public concern in China over air pollution
The authorities in China have removed from websites a popular documentary which highlights the country's severe pollution problem.
Under the Dome explains the social and health costs of pollution, and was watched by more than 100 million people online, sparking debates.
It was removed just two days after Premier Li Keqiang called pollution a blight on people's lives.
Mr Li had promised to fight it with all the government's might.
The environmental issue has dominated the current session of the Chinese parliament, the National People's Congress, in Beijing.
The newly appointed environmental protection minister, Chen Jining, had praised Under The Dome, telling reporters it should "encourage efforts by individuals to improve air quality".
But having initially praised the documentary, China's communist leaders now seem to have banned it, the BBC's Michael Bristow reports.
It appears to tell an inconvenient truth, something the leaders do not want to hear during the current annual meeting of parliament, he adds.
The film that took China by storm
Standing in front of an audience in a simple white shirt and jeans, Ms Chai speaks plainly throughout the 103-minute video, which features a year-long investigation of China's noxious pollution problem.
At times, the documentary is deeply personal. Near the start of the documentary, Ms Chai interviews a six-year-old living in the coal-mining province of Shanxi, one of the most polluted places on earth.
"Have you ever seen stars?" Ms Chai asks. "No," replies the girl.
"Have you ever seen a blue sky?" "I have seen a sky that's a little bit blue," the girl tells her.
"But have you ever seen white clouds?" "No," the girl sighs.
The film watched more than 100 million times
Under the Dome, a year-long investigation of pollution in China, had garnered more than 100 million views in less than 48 hours.
Made by renowned investigative journalist Chai Jing and funded with her own money, the film sharply criticises the Chinese state's lax environmental laws.
As of Saturday, the film was no longer available on popular Chinese mainland video sites.
A link on the Youku website that previously led to the video now prompts the message, "We're very sorry, Youku was unable to find the page you requested".
Neither Youku nor Ms Chai responded immediately when asked to comment, the Reuters news agency reports.
'Fight smog instead'
China operates the world's most formidable online censorship machine, known as the Great Firewall.
Some social media users in China voiced frustration at the removal of the film.
"When will this country be able to face the attitudes of its own people?" wrote one Weibo user, quoted by AFP news agency.
Another Weibo user quoted by Reuters wrote: "Some people have the power to completely smother Chai Jing's Under the Dome on the internet but don't have the power to smother haze in this country."
Alvin Lin, the Beijing-based China climate and energy policy director of the US-based environmental group the Natural Resources Defense Council, said: "They've made a big deal about air pollution in the last couple of [legislative meetings]. Under the Dome made it so they really really have to talk about it."
Willy Lam, a political analyst at the Chinese University in Hong Kong, said: "They are really serious about this except the problem is really entrenched.
"It is intertwined with all aspects of industry and agriculture and so forth, and it's a really difficult problem to tackle."
The film is still available on YouTube with English subtitles.
Oliver Teves, The Associated Press
MANILA, Philippines -- Police in a central Philippine city said Saturday that they have filed murder complaints against the owner and the crew of a ferry that capsized shortly after pulling out of port, leaving more than 50 people dead.
The complaints were filed with the local prosecutor late Friday as the M/B Kim Nirvana was lifted from the water, said Ormoc City police Senior Inspector Rio Tan. The prosecutor will review the complaints to determine whether there is enough evidence to file charges.
At least 59 people died and 145 survived Thursday's disaster, including all 18 crew members, said regional coast guard commander Capt. Pedro Tinampay.
Tinampay said a maritime casualty investigation that has begun will determine how many people actually were aboard the vessel. The 204 so far known to have been on board are more than the 189 initially reported, Tinampay said, adding that authorities will reconcile different figures for survivors and casualties.
The ferry overturned minutes after pulling out of the port on its voyage to one of the Camotes Islands, about 30 kilometres (19 miles) to the south.
Murder complaints were filed against ferry owner Joge Bung Zarco, boat captain Warren Oliverio and 17 other crew members, Tan said.
Some passengers reported that the boat suddenly swerved to the right, possibly causing its cargo, including 80 sacks of cement, to shift to one side of the ferry, Tinampay said.
"It capsized and its right outrigger broke," he said. "The captain suddenly turned the boat to the right, and we have people saying that."
Oliverio denied he made a sudden turn, blaming the strong waves for flipping his boat. "It was the waves," he told ABS-CBN television. He said that he could not have made any sudden turn because there was another vessel close to the ferry.
Lawrence Drake, a retired American firefighter who was among the survivors, disagreed with the complaints, saying that the crew members, especially the captain, did all they could to save the passengers.
"It's wrong. It's wrong. I feel bad," he said by phone from Ormoc.
Drake said Oliverio stripped down to his underpants, jumped into the water to grab people drifting away, and then put them on one of the outriggers to cling to while waiting for rescue boats.
Drake also disputed accounts that the captain abruptly turned the boat, causing it to capsize.
"That is 100 per cent incorrect. I was 10 feet from the captain," he said, recounting that he was in the front seat of the boat at the time.
Drake said the water was rough, with waves "flying over my head" as he revived a woman with mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, one of two people the former upstate New York firefighter said he helped save that day.
Drake was heading with his Filipino wife and her mother, who both survived, to Camotes, where he lives.
Tinampay said eight bodies were recovered from the boat after it was hoisted out of the water. City rescue group head Ciriaco Tolibao said three more bodies were recovered from the sea early Saturday.
The boat remains belly up on the Ormoc wharf and will be turned upright to allow investigators to get a closer look, Tinampay said.
The CRPF is the Central Reserve Police Force of the government of India, fighting against the jihadis in Jammu and Kashmir. Jawans are lower level soldiers and non-commissioned officers.
“J&K: 8 CRPF jawans killed, 21 injured in ‘deadliest terrorist attack in 3 years,'” by Yusuf Jameel, Deccan Chronicle, June 25, 2016:
Srinagar: In a major terror strike, two militants armed with assault rifles killed eight CRPF jawans and wounded 21 others on Saturday after ambushing a convoy bus travelling through the highway town of Pampore.
Officials said that both the militants were killed after they were engaged in a gun battle by a Road Opening Party (ROP) of the CRPF.
The authorities termed the incident as ‘deadliest terrorist attack' in three years in Jammu and Kashmir. The militants opened fire on one of the buses in a 6-vehicle convoy of CRPF's 161 Battalion near Nambalbal, Pampore, 17-km south of Srinagar, at 4 pm.
Confirming the casualties, Bhavesh Choudhury, spokesperson of CRPF said that the convoy was returning from a firing range after practice when they were attacked by the militants carrying Kalashnikovs.
The injured CRPF jawans have been admitted to Army's 92-base Hospital at Badami Bagh cantonment.
At least half a dozen of those injured are critical, reports claimed and added that two of the eight CRPF jawans died on the spot whereas six others succumbed to their injuries on way to or in the hospital.
J&K police chief, K Rajendra Kumar, and CRPF Inspector General (Kashmir range) Nalin Prabhat, said that the attackers appeared to be Pakistani nationals and could be cadres of the Lashkar-e-Tayyaba….
Breaking his silence on the Ishrat Jahan case, Satish Verma, the IPS officer who assisted the CBI probe into the alleged fake encounter in Gujarat in 2004, on Wednesday said her killing was a “premeditated murder”.
Advertising
“Our investigation has found that Ishrat along with three others had been picked by IB (Intelligence Bureau) days before the encounter. In fact, there was no intelligence input with the IB that a woman would be accompanying the alleged terrorists. There was no input on Ishrat. These people were kept in illegal custody and then shot dead,” Verma told The Indian Express.
Watch Video | Ishrat Jahan Fake Encounter Case: All You Need To Know
He was one of the members of the special investigation team appointed by the Gujarat High Court.
[related-post]
Advertising
Mumbra girl Ishrat was killed along with three men on the outskirts of Ahmedabad on June 15, 2004. It was alleged that they were members of a Lashkar-e-Toiba group. Last week, former Home Secretary G K Pillai told Times Now that the alleged Lashkar group was lured by the IB to Gujarat in 2004.
An IG-rank officer currently posted as Chief Vigilance Officer of the NEEPCO in Shillong, Verma said: “What is happening here is that this bogey of nationalism and security is being raised to discredit a poor and innocent girl so that an environment can be created for a favourable outcome for those involved in this crime. The Home Ministry has refused sanctions to prosecute IB officers even though courts have held that in fake encounters, there is no requirement for sanction.”
He also disputed the description of Ishrat as a Lashkar-e-Toiba terrorist and a suicide bomber, saying she was away from her home and family for only about 10 days after she came into contact with Javed Sheikh, one of the three men in the group.
Also Read | From the archives – RVS Mani affidavits tell how he was ‘coerced'
He contradicted Pillai's claim that he knew exact details of the case, saying he was “no intelligence officer”. Verma also denied former Union Home Ministry Under Secretary R V S Mani's allegation that he had tortured him by burning him with a lit cigarette. Mani had filed two affidavits in 2009 on behalf of the Ministry in the Gujarat High Court — references to Ishrat's alleged Lashkar links did not find mention in the revised affidavit.
He said Mani's affidavit filings were “curious” since they did not look like the Home Ministry's version but that of the Gujarat police investigation. “Mr Mani had no direct knowledge of the case,” he said, adding that the allegations made by Mani against him were “old” and had been made by him earlier too — The Indian Express had reported Mani's allegations in 2013.
Meanwhile, Verma's lawyer Rahul Sharma said he will be moving an application before the special CBI court in Ahmedabad to seek a copy of the second chargesheet against four IB officers, including former special director Rajinder Kumar, in the Ishrat Jahan case.
The court has not taken cognizance of this chargesheet since the CBI failed to get sanction from the Ministry of Home Affairs to prosecute the IB officers. The chargesheet remains pending.
Verma will argue that when the first chargesheet was filed against Gujarat police officers, no sanction was sought from the state government by the CBI. But in the second chargesheet, sanction was sought from the Union Government which has been denied.
Advertising
Sources said Verma will approach the court with the plea that “denial of prosecution sanction in respect of the accused in the second chargesheet suffers from illegality and is not sustainable in law”.
Yum
Bacon. It's everywhere! People love bacon. And not just eating it, they wear it on t-shirts and earrings! I've seen Christmas decorations that look like bacon! It pops up in ice cream, on pizza, and wrapped around everything under the sun. It seems to be the one item that will make any food more attractive. You could say anything and if you include “bacon”, you've won over 99% of the population. Let's be honest, it's delicious. But what if you don't eat bacon, for one reason or another? (There are lots of reasons not to eat bacon, but right now we're going to assume that you've already got a reason.) Make some Tofu Bacon! Seriously. Is there anything tofu can't do?
Tofu Bacon is easy to make, and it has all of the qualifications that you expect from bacon. We're talking the salty, smokey, savory, slightly sweet, crispy traits that make bacon completely irresistible! I've made this recipe a million times for my vegan cooking classes, and many catered brunches (full of non-vegans) with menus that included tofu bacon, so I can assure you, it's a crowd-pleaser! There are a few different ways to prepare it, and it's just as versatile as the ‘real' thing! Think, breakfast sandwiches, pancakes, salads, mac and cheese, etc.! Best of all, tofu bacon is cholesterol free, has lots of protein, and is way lower in fat than bacon. Once you've made this addictive tofu bacon, you'll want to make it again and again. I'd actually recommend making a double batch, because my next two blog posts are going to be recipes that utilize this amazing tofu bacon…. and you may also be prone to eat several pieces while you're making it… and you may have to fend off hungry kids and husbands that smell this delicious concoction coming from the kitchen and sneak in to steal several pieces off of the plate before your meal. It happens people!
You'll want to get a really firm tofu for the best results. You can use tofu that comes in a tub, but for best results, try to find a vacuum packed tofu. Vacuum packed tofu is really firm and dry. In California, you can buy Wildwood brand tofu. I've also seen a good one from Nasoya. Check this one out. You don't have to use one of those brands, I'm sure there's more. If you know of a good, vacuum packed tofu, be a pal and put it in the comments to help your fellow tofu bacon lovers! The important thing is just to get the firmest one possible. If you need to use tofu that's packed in water, get the firmest one possible and then press some water out of it by setting a heavy plate on it for a few hours, or using a tofu press.
There are two ways to do this. You can use a cheese slicer, and slice really thin strips of tofu, or you can cut thicker strips with a knife.
You'll want to marinade the tofu for at least an hour so it soaks up a lot of yummy flavor. I feel that about 2 hours is best, but you can play with this. Make sure the tofu is mostly submerged in the marinade, and if some if sticking out, just flip it halfway through. I used a couple of large baking dishes to marinade it.
The marinade is really easy to make, only 4 ingredients! You'll need liquid smoke (I used hickory), maple syrup, gluten free soy sauce or tamari, and nutritional yeast.
If you aren't familiar with nutritional yeast, you can buy it in the bulk bins at health food stores, in canisters, or on Amazon. It doesn't contain any active yeast, so no worries for people with yeast issues, and it's gluten free too. (This is different from brewer's yeast, or baker's yeast.). These are the ingredients that I used. I like this liquid smoke because it's all natural. If you aren't gluten free, you can use regular soy sauce. I used some organic maple syrup that I bought at Whole Foods, but they have that on Amazon too, if you want to get it there. (Is there anything you can't buy on Amazon?!)
I removed it from the baking dishes and laid it out on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper to ensure that it wouldn't stick, and it makes clean up really easy. Also, I made a double batch, so I reused the marinade! (I did need to make up just a little bit more).
You can fry this or bake it. Personally, I like to bake it. It comes out great like this, and then when you want to reheat it, or if you want it to be crispier, you can fry up a few slices. I used the baked pieces in a salad (see my next post!), and I wanted nice chunky pieces.
When I make pancakes, I put a few of the thinner pieces in the pan and cook them until they are crispy. SO GOOD! And yes, pancakes are coming to my blog very soon! I can hardly even wait, and after I post them, a link will be HERE, so if you are reading this afterwards, just go there. If you want to make sure that you don't miss out on any upcoming recipes, sign up for my newsletter and you will get all of my new recipes sent directly to your inbox. Anyway, you can see that this is a recipe is one that you will want to master. Think of the possibilities!
I made this bacon last night, with some pancakes, for dinner, and you should've seen the look on my kids faces when I told them I was making pancakes and tofu bacon for dinner… it was pure joy, and the little one couldn't even contain it, he just ran over and gave me a huge hug! So, beside the obvious perks of tofu bacon, there's that kind of fringe benefit…. even if you don't have a house full of boys….. Opening up the fridge and having tofu bacon in there, waiting for your pancakes, sandwiches, salads, greens, or snack time, is like giving yourself a little present. So, love yourself, and make some tofu bacon. You'll love it!
5.0 from 1 reviews Save Print Tofu Bacon Author: Angel McNall, Cheftographer Blog Recipe for Tofu Bacon adapted from Cooking with PETA Ingredients 20 oz. block of extra firm, vacuum packed tofu
¾ C gluten free tamari or soy sauce
1¼ Tnutritional yeast
1¼ T maple syrup
¾ T liquid smoke (I use Hickory)
Oil for brushing, spraying, or frying - about 2 TBSP. Instructions Whisk tamari, nutritional yeast, maple syrup and liquid smoke together in a bowl or small measuring cup. For thin bacon strips: turn tofu on it's side, and begin slicing with a cheese slicer. Lay strips in a baking dish, and pour marinade over them.Cover and marinade for at least an hour. For chunkier pieces: Slice tofu into slabs with a large knife, and then into 1 inch strips. Lay out in a large baking dish, and pour marinade over them. Cover and marinade for about 2 hours. When you are ready to cook tofu bacon, preheat oven to 425*f. Remove tofu from marinade and lay out on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Brush or spritz with oil and bake for 15 minutes. Remove from oven, flip strips over, spritz with oil and return to oven for another 10 minutes. Tofu will crisp up a bit more when you take it out. 3.4.3177
Related
* This post contains affiliate links, which means that if you click through, and make a purchase, I will receive a small commission from Amazon. It helps me keep the blog running, so if you do purchase after reading my post, that's awesome, thanks! Most importantly, I just want to inspire you, and be inspired by you. I never write about products that I don't use, or don't believe in. When I do find something that I'm passionate about, I like to share it with my readers.
The skies have opened up, the weather's fine and it's just the perfect time to go for that long drive to Lonavala. Beware of this pristine thought, for you know not what other kind of fudging awaits you in the land of chikki and fudge. The moment you get off the Expressway and turn left into Lonavala, you are greeted by makeshift plastic barriers and an even more impregnable human wall. Menacing hoodlums are out to collect a pollution tax, which varies depending on the make of your vehicle, the composition of the passengers and, of course, the collectors' mood. From Rs5 per person to Rs 25 per person, they charge what they will, and you don't want to risk damage to your Rs10 lakh sedan for just Rs100. Just when you think you are done with the goons for the rest of the weekend, you encounter another batch of sons-of-the-soil at Tiger Point. The same intimidating herd, the same menacing stance and the same consequence. And god bless you if you are stuck in a traffic jam; you will spend more time in the car than in Lonavala.
Then comes the thing about eating and drinking; these guys beat even the multiplex popcorn counters when it comes to raking it in. Charging Rs50 for a Rs48 bottle of cold drinks may be forgiven, but charging Rs60 for the same bottle is extortion. A pav-bhaji costs Rs100 and even the vada-pao costs Rs15. Try arguing about it, and you will be greeted with the choicest insults — and you still have to pay up.
Unless you are zooming to your own home in the hills — or in Aamby Valley — there's the prospect of negotiating with the hotel for the night's stay, and all the best to you if you are just a couple. Lonavala is the only place where a couple pays more for a hotel room than a family of four, and where the weekday rate for a couple is more than the weekend rate. The hotel business here has its own laws of economics, and any which way it is the guest who goes back gypped.
Of course, those who want a home of their own also get their share of heartburn here. A friend's friend knows the local civil contractor-turned-developer who is offering a great deal on the last few weekend homes. Few years on, he's still selling more homes, even as you wait for the four walls to come up on the empty plot.
And even the kids of these locals have a unique idea about enjoying themselves — like standing on a hillock off the Expressway and hurling stones on cars zipping past. The one who manages to smash a windshield of the Mercedes C250 is the winner of the day. I doubt if this con game will end anytime soon. By the time one batch of Mumbaikars wisen up to the loot in Lonavala, another batch of suckers is ready for a long drive to the hill station.
A lot of people are buzzing about Apple's Mac App Store, but I'm nonplussed. I've had the same features on Linux since the late 90's.
Granted, I'm being a little snarky — but only a little. Apple's App Store for the iPhone was a big deal because, before Apple, the application landscape for mobile phones was not that rosy. Apple simplified getting applications on the phone without having to deal directly with the carriers — so some credit is due there. They've also raised the bar in terms of what developers are shooting for for mobile devices, so kudos to Apple for that.
But the buzz over the Apple Mac App Store? Meh. Look at the features that Apple touts:
Install any app with ease
Keep your apps up to date
The app you need. When you need it
Buy, download, and even redownload
Linux folks, sound familiar? We've had all of this, modulo "buy", for a decade at least. The Advanced Package Tool, a.k.a. "APT" for Debian-based systems (that includes Ubuntu), has made all of this possible for years and years. Granted, this has primarily focused on free and open source software, but paid apps are possible too. The Ubuntu folks have had a paid software store since Ubuntu 10.10. (It is, I admit, sparsely populated when it comes to proprietary/paid software.)
But the installation, updating, and such? All very possible with APT — or Yum or Zipper, if you happen to be using an RPM-based distro. (Or APT for RPM, if that's still being maintained.)
Apple brags about having more than 1,000 apps available at launch... Ubuntu users can find 32,000-plus packages in the software repository for Ubuntu 10.10. Now, a bunch of those packages are not end-user applications — this includes things like libraries, system utilities, fonts, and so forth. But you could easily find 5,000 end user apps, many of which are competitive with the proprietary stuff being offered through the Apple Mac App Store. Oh, and free. Free as in cost, and all open source. (Not all Free by definition of the Free Software Foundation, though, but that's another topic entirely.)
Of course, what Apple has done that's unique shows Linux folks what we need to be better at doing: marketing, developer and ISV relations, and standardization. Lest you think I'm only hear to praise Linux or kick Apple, I'm not. Linux has had the raw tools to do this for a decade, but the communities and companies behind Linux have yet to gain enough momentum to pull this off on the desktop. Or the will to chuck tribal differences between desktops, toolkits, etc. and unify on one damn stack to attract the kind of developers that are filling up Apple's App Store. Canonical, bless their hearts, are trying — but it's unclear as of yet whether Canonical has enough pull to rally enough developers and inspire enough ISVs to drive even 100 paid desktop apps to Linux, much less 1,000.
The Linux community should get some credit here, though. What has been hard for the users of arguably the easiest operating system to use, has been easy for Linux users for years. A quick "apt-get update" and my entire system is updated, apps and all. A quick "apt-get install" and I can have everything from the Banshee media player to the latest Chrome release. Typing is not required, of course. Each distribution has GUI tools that make it very easy to install and manage applications.
And, it's important to add — I can do all this without the blessing of any single company. You see, while Apple controls everything that goes into the App store, nobody controls what users add to their APT, Yum, or Zypper repos.
So Linux users have had the tools and freedom, just a severe lack of marketing and developer relations smarts. That includes failing to have a single dominant toolchain (GUI toolkit, etc.) for companies to target. Seems that Nokia (with Qt) might be on to something here, though. It's pretty clear what the overall Linux community and vendors need to address, just a question if they do and if it's not too little and too late for any mainstream traction.
I do hope others in the tech press will at least, in passing, note that Apple has not invented something new with its App Store — merely taken an old idea and run with it better than the competition. Which, come to think of it, seems to be the company's specialty.
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood said that the country's peace treaty with Israel needs re-evaluation by the country's new parliament, in press remarks by a senior member of the group published Friday.
"A long time has passed since the Camp David accord was signed, and like the other agreements it needs to be reviewed, and this is in the hands of the parliament," said Mahmoud Hussein, the group's secretary-general.
"The brotherhood believes the treaty is of great importance, but it is not on the top of our list. There are other priorities for the time being," Hussein told the regional Asharq al-Awsat daily.
"Generally, Israel does not honor the agreement," he added.
He denied a report saying that the Muslim Brotherhood had reached an understanding with the United States and Israel on "the importance of safeguarding the peace treaty with Israel."
Last week, Israel expressed concern at the gains of Islamist parties in the first round of Egypt's parliamentary elections and urged any future government to uphold the 1979 peace treaty.
Islamists made big gains during the initial round of the first elections since a popular revolt this year forced former president Hosni Mubarak out of power.
The Freedom and Justice Party, the brotherhood's political wing, was in the lead with 36.5 per cent of the vote. It was followed by the hard-line Salafist party, Al-Nour, with 24 per cent.
A protester shouts slogans during a demonstration against the Egyptian military council in Cairo's Tahrir Square, Nov. 27, 2011. Reuters
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Is Corey Brewer, the man many of us love to rag on here at TDS, including sometimes even us writers, actually playing a lot better than we usually give him credit for? Are we holding last year's atrocious season against him still? Perhaps putting to much focus and weight on his 23.5 percent shooting from beyond arc?
The quick and easy answer would be, “No, of course not, it's Corey Brewer. I'd trade him to Sacramento tomorrow for one of the towels from DeMarcus Cousins' locker.” But a closer look at some of Brewer's metrics shows this isn't as much of an open-and-shut case as it seems on the surface.
The main surprise comes on the defensive end, where Brewer has actually been better than anticipated this season, despite averaging the fewest steals per game (0.6) of his career. His advanced metrics, in fact, show him making a definite positive impact on that end of the floor.
His defensive real plus-minus (DRPM) of +0.54 ranks 29th in the league for all small forwards out of 80 eligible players, which puts him right around the top 35 percent of the league at his position. It's not an elite number, but it is a very good one.
The Brew man also has a nice-looking defensive rating. His 102.5 mark is the second-best mark on the team. It's also the main factor in his +9.0 net rating, which is tied for the second-best mark on the Rockets with Patrick Beverley, Yes, that means even better than James Harden, who comes in behind Brewer at +7.5.
His defensive field goal percentage of 44.0 percent is almost is full percent and a half better than Trevor Ariza (45.5 percent), and most would agree that Ariza has seen somewhat of a rebound season this year, especially on the defensive side of the ball.
Well, Brewer has too.
By most measurements, he is having himself an effective year as a defender, but the same can't quite be said about his offensive performance, which is where a large amount of the Brewer criticism originates from.
We already know that he can't shoot. He never could, as he's a career 28.4 percent guy from beyond the arc and a 42.3 percent shooter from the field overall. His ineffectiveness there is amplified in the Houston system with the Rockets averaging 40 three attempts per game, which leads the league, and 14.7 three-point makes, which also leads the league. All of the Rockets see a ton of open looks, and players like Ariza, Beverley, Eric Gordon and Ryan Anderson all make them at a healthy clip. Brewer simply does not, and the 10-year veteran never will.
But where he's really slipped is his transition play. Two seasons ago Brewer was one of the league's best in points per possession (PPP) in transition. That slipped last year to a middle-of-the-pack 1.10 PPP in transition and has fallen even further this year. Brewer averages just 0.77 PPP in transition this year, which puts him in the bottom 15 percent of the league in that category. And this is from a player who is third overall in the league in transition frequency percentage (for players that have played over 30 games.) Meaning he's always running in transition. He's just no longer scoring with the same effectiveness.
Yet the fact remains, for as good as the Rockets have been this year and all of the things they do well, they don't have an overabundance of athleticism in the open court. Ariza is getting older and slower, Beverley and Gordon are fast, but their small size can be prohibitive on occasion. Harrell's a great finisher, but lacks the raw, open court quickness of a smaller player. Brew and the suddenly blossoming Sam Dekker are pretty much the only guys on the roster that play any real minutes (here's looking at you on the bench, K.J. McDaniels) that can do stuff like this:
So while this isn't the Corey Brewer who lead the Headband Brothers triumvirate from two seasons ago, and his offensive rating of 111.5 is only worse than Sam Dekker and Nene among regular Rockets rotation players, he has a real, defined role on this team, despite his struggles on offensive side of the ball.
They key to keeping Brewer effective and useful is managing his minutes, and for large chunks of the season so far, head coach Mike D'Antoni has done just that. Brewer's 15.8 minutes per game is the lowest amount of playing time of his career, and it's gone a long way towards maximizing the things that Brewer does well, while minimizing his obvious faults.
The other key is keeping him out of the starting lineup and instead coming off the bench. He's been a bust as a starter, racking up ugly-looking game plus-minuses of -20 and -8 in the previous two games he started (versus Miami and Milwaukee) while Ryan Anderson sat with the flu. He's simply not disciplined enough offensively or a good enough shooter to keep the Rockets in sync while in the starting lineup. But coming off the bench, where his speed in the open court, finishing ability and renewed effectiveness as a defender can be best utilized, Brewer hasn't been the dumpster fire the immense amount of criticism he takes would have one believe. He finished as a +25 in 23 minutes in his official return to the second unit against Memphis.
In fact, with D'Antoni mostly limiting his minutes, Brewer has made real, quantifiable contributions to this year's squad. His defensive metrics, while certainly not the entire story, paint a positive picture of what he's brought to the team this year. And while his struggles on the offensive end oftentimes balance out his defensive efforts (see his overall real plus-minus of -0.95, good for 39th out of 80 league small forwards, or right smack in the middle), Brewer has been better than we all often give him credit for (his value over replacement has fluctuated between -0.1 and +0.1, again making him right around average).
He still could get traded if the right deal pops up (though that's appearing less likely in recent weeks), and hopefully the emergence of Sam Dekker this weekend as an emergency starter at forward keeps Brewer out of starting five, even in the event of an injured starter.
I may not be ready to declare Brew “good” this season, but after an objective look at his overall performance, weighted up by his defense, then back down by his offense to roughly a league-average small forward, how about we all settle on “not bad”?
During the approximate 40 weeks of pregnancy, a woman's body undergoes some significant changes.
As the foetus grows, it occupies more and more space inside the mother. This is the cause of the obvious pregnancy bump, but just expanding outward isn't enough - her internal organs are also put under a significant amount of pressure, which can cause some discomfort.
That movement can also be pretty dramatic to look at. In the animation below, which we spotted when it was recently tweeted out by the UK publication Scienmag, you can see those nine months of change sped up to just a few seconds.
The animation is from an ongoing exhibit at Chicago's Museum of Science + Industry which shows the "impact of a pregnancy on a mother's body as she adjusts physically and mentally to the changes inside her".
This is how a woman's organs shift when pregnant pic.twitter.com/BSWUxSek24 — Science (@scienmag) February 23, 2017
If you go to the museum's website, you can actually play with an interactive slider that shows what's happening throughout pregnancy. During weeks 29 through 32, for example, they note that organs are being squeezed.
In the YouTube video below, you can see a slower version of the interactive, beginning near the start of pregnancy and going through birth.
This article was originally published by Business Insider.
More from Business Insider:
On a recent morning, Benjamin Royer was doing donuts in his electric wheelchair. He spun round and round and round in the empty Emeryville parking lot outside the Easy Does It wheelchair repair shop, giggling loudly the whole time.
“I have to admit I've had this thing up in the air for a second or two,” he said, though he did not offer to demonstrate.
Royer, who is experiencing homelessness and lives in Berkeley, had not come to the repair shop just to show off his maneuvers. He had dropped in to fix the wheels on a walker that belonged to another homeless friend of his. He'd clearly been to the shop enough times to know his way around, plucking the right parts from the shelves and digging up a basket that could hold the Street Spirit newspapers his friend sells. He screwed it onto the walker and admired his handiwork.
“She's going to hit the floor when she sees this thing,” said Royer.
“That's what you're trying to prevent!” joked John Benson, who runs the shop with another part-time staffer and some volunteers.
Benson has been providing repairs and loaner chairs to Berkeley's disabled population for years. He is one of the many long-time employees of Easy Does It, a city-supported nonprofit that provides emergency services to Berkeley residents with physical disabilities. Launched by disability rights advocates in 1994, the organization took off in 1998, when Berkeley's Measure E created a property improvements tax to fund emergency assistance for severely physically disabled residents. Advocates of the tax easily earned the support of the police and fire departments, who were overwhelmed by emergency calls from people who found themselves stranded with a flat wheelchair tire or unable to get into bed when their attendant was a no-show. Since then, Easy Does It have offered emergency attendant care, accessible transportation and, a bit more recently, equipment repair.
Now the organization averages 3,000 calls a year, from a variety of seniors, students and others. The homeless clientele, although still a fraction of the total Easy Does It client base, is growing “exponentially,” said Benson. Most of the clients experiencing homelessness request his services, and he responds to about seven of their calls each week.
For several years, Benson ran the repair shop out of a small space he rented in the old Macaulay Foundry building in West Berkeley. When he and other tenants were forced out after a fire brought safety hazards to light, it turned out to be blessing in disguise for Benson. He had built up a “mountain” of donated wheelchair parts and pieces, which are now organized on neat, if jam-packed, shelves in the spacious Harlan Street shop. There is a fabrication space under a loft Benson built, and rows of rubber wheels, battery packs and cushions. In the center of the space are a number of second-hand wheelchairs, many donated by people who have upgraded models or whose family members have died, leaving their chairs behind.
But Benson spends most of his time outside the shop. In the morning he checks in with his dispatcher, who tells him who has called in to request new bolts, or who is stuck on such-and-such sidewalk because their tires pooped out. Benson loads up his minivan and responds to about five or six calls a day. Some of his clients call him “Cripple-A,” a play on AAA — because they call him up when they have a roadside emergency.
Benson began working as an attendant with Easy Does It while studying at UC Berkeley in the 1980s, until he caught a client who fell out of their chair, sustaining a severe injury that prevented him from doing attendant work any longer. After working as a driver with Easy Does It for awhile, Benson launched the repair program. He had grown up with a mother who used a wheelchair, and around car culture in the Rust Belt, so he already knew a thing or two about mechanics.
Benson, who has a wild beard and moonlights as a musician, is the kind of guy who knows everyone. He is close with the activists whose grassroots disability rights work put Berkeley at the front of the movement, and some are still clients of his. But the demographics of Berkeley and the clientele of Easy Does It, have changed dramatically over the years. Aging Baby Boomers mean attendants are responding to more calls from seniors, said Nikki Brown-Booker, the executive director of Easy Does It.
For Benson, “There's been a huge shift. A lot of those [activists] have passed away, and the homeless population has increased significantly.” Preliminary findings from the most recent count show Berkeley's homeless population at 972, up 16% since 2015 and more than 50% since 2009. And Benson's homeless clients have unique needs and circumstances.
“They live outdoors, people steal their stuff, and some have never used a chair before,” he said. A lot of people who could use a wheelchair or other assistive equipment “fall through the cracks.”
A few months ago, for example, he met a woman who said she and her four-year-old granddaughter had come from Las Vegas after the city gave them a one-way bus ticket to Berkeley. (A Las Vegas spokesperson did not immediately reply to a request for confirmation). The pair was living in the bushes behind a fraternity, and couldn't easily leave the area because the grand-mother had trouble walking. Benson brought her an electric scooter.
“Now she brings her granddaughter to daycare. She's able to ride between her knees on the scooter,” he said.
Royer said he was using a manual chair when Benson approached him. Because of his disability, “sometimes I get too tired to lift a finger, literally,” Royer said. “This thing's got the power that's necessary to get around,” he said of the electric wheelchair Benson gave him, though he has to spend a lot of time at the public library to charge it.
Easy Does It clients pay a $15 hourly copay for the subsidized attendant, transportation and repair services, and $15 to pick up or drop off loaner equipment, though Benson said he does not collect fees from homeless clients.
Many clients who do have financial means say they depend on the repair program too.
“Most of the wheelchair repair shops are disappearing,” said a long-time Berkeley resident and Easy Does It client Tim, who did not want to give his last name. “When that started happening, John started doing this.”
Kaye Lamaestra, a youth arts therapist, said she has a “bourgie” chair — the same kind Stephen Hawking uses. But ‘“when one part breaks, the whole thing breaks,” she said.
“The process of ordering tiny little parts takes so long, it's incredible to be able to come here,” said Alex Noonan, Lamaestra's fiancée. However, all the parts they can find in the shop are somewhat, if not quite, used. Benson said he has undergone the training required to sell new parts from high-end brands, but in order to become certified to do so, the companies would require him to stop selling used parts as well — hardly a feasible proposition for a program fueled by donations.
Lamaestra and Noonan had come to the shop the same day as Royer, and for the same reason: to pick up something for a friend in need. An able-bodied friend of Lamaestra's had just gotten in a terrible accident that nearly paralyzed him from the waist down, and he needed his first chair.
Lamaestra and Royer are two of the many clients who come volunteer in the shop to offer their thanks.
Surveying the shop that afternoon, Lamaestra began to devise ways she could help out this summer.
“You need some plants,” she said, eyeing the shelves stocked with drab metal and rubber. “Some ivy would look good.”
On a roll against the odds
Benson subscribes to the independent living ethos developed by students and activists with disabilities in Berkeley in the 1960s and 1970s. (Berkeley's renowned Center for Independent Living has been replicated in countless other places across the country.) The approach respects the self-determination of people with disabilities and assumes they and their disabled peers know what kind of support they need to live comfortably and be part of a community.
“This organization was created by disabled people, and they really pushed the idea that the medical movement is wrong,” Benson said. (He is able-bodied but many of the other staff and all the board members are not.) “If you're not going to ‘get better,' you should be able to live the life you want.”
Working as an attendant, Benson quickly learned there was no formula for succeeding at the job.
“I was wrapping my head around the idea that if I went to five different people's houses, the way they locked their door was different, the way they wanted to be touched was different. I had to respect that,” he said. “I approached repairs the same way. They know the sound their chair makes. Even though I've fixed thousands of wheelchairs, I'm going to ask their idea first.”
Benson worries that with the gradual loss of the old guard, and an uptick in clients who lack the livelihood to be at the forefront of an advocacy effort, the movement and organization won't have the same momentum as it has in the past. Easy Does It have relied on its clients to consistently champion the organization and seek continued support from the city.
Other changes have also made it more difficult for the organization to sustain the work it does in Berkeley.
In addition to the wheelchair repair shops, many of the machine shops that used to pepper West Berkeley and West Oakland are gone, along with many of the artists and fabricators who used to be available to help Benson perform common repairs, like straightening out a bent footrest, he said.
California's In-Home Supportive Services program, which funds attendant care, is again facing potential budget cuts, after weathering slashes under both Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jerry Brown. And “there's a lot of fear in the community” about the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, said executive director Brown-Booker, who uses Easy Does It's attendant services herself.
“Pretty much everyone we serve has a preexisting condition,” she said. Fewer and fewer providers cover wheelchairs anyway, she said, and a number of Easy Does It's clients do not have insurance at all.
That is a particular issue for homeless clients.
“They're out on the street using their chairs 24/7, and their equipment breaks down and they don't have insurance,” Brown-Booker said.
The reliable support from the city has been crucial, she said.
In 2016, Berkeley voters overwhelmingly supported Measure V1, which re-approved, in part, the 1998 improvements tax that funds Easy Does It. The revenue has allowed Easy Does It a $1.2 million annual budget. Most of the organization's more than 30 staff members have traditionally been paid a nominal wage plus the clients' copays. But when Berkeley's new minimum wage policy eliminated the exemption for on-call workers, Easy Does It confronted some financial trouble. In May, the city increased its support for the organization, providing a one-time chunk of funds from the improvement tax reserve, and direction to Easy Does It to come up with a sustainable plan for the future. Brown-Booker said her vision is to develop a network of private donors.
Despite new and persistent challenges for those living with disabilities and those working to serve them, Berkeley is still “the place” to be disabled, said Brown-Booker. “There's a real community here that people seek out,” she said.
Those who can are often willing to pay a premium to live here, especially for access to the unusual on-call emergency services provided by Easy Does It, she said.
In hopes of preventing others from slipping through the cracks, Benson often approaches people on the street who seem like they could use the services, like he did with Royer. He has built up quite a roster of regulars over the years. But he knows from experience that the landscape and need will continue to shift.
Flickr/William Hook Apple has pulled an iOS update after users complained about their iPhones losing cell connectivity.
The update appeared to affect iPhone 6 and 6 Plus users the most, apparently by disabling the cellular connection. Users couldn't make calls or transfer data. Their phones got "bricked."
The update also disabled Touch ID, leaving users unable to use their fingerprint sensor.
Apple pulled the update about an hour after releasing it.
"We have received reports of an issue with the iOS 8.0.1 update. We are actively investigating these reports and will provide information as quickly as we can. In the meantime we have pulled back the iOS 8.0.1 update," said an Apple spokesperson.
The iOS update was supposed to fix a number of bugs in iOS 8.
Users had reported issues issues with third-party keyboards, as well as glitching in iMessage and lagging notifications.
Here's our report on the iOS 8 update this morning:
Apple released a new update to iOS 8 today that was supposed to fix a lot of bugs with the OS.
But a lot of folks are complaining on Twitter and elsewhere that it screwed up their phones. Apple pulled the update within about an hour of its release. In a statement to Business Insider, Apple said it was investigating the issue:
We have received reports of an issue with the iOS 8.0.1 update. We are actively investigating these reports and will provide information as quickly as we can. In the meantime we have pulled back the iOS 8.0.1 update.
The update appears to disable the cellular connection, meaning people who installed the update can't make calls or use wireless data. It also appears to disable Touch ID, the fingerprint sensor. Several people in our newsroom updated their devices and experienced these problems too.
It's unclear if the new update affected all iPhone models or just the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. However, the consensus on Twitter seems to be that only the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were affected.
Apple's stock was down about 1.5% Wednesday afternoon.
iOS 8 launched last week, but users complained about several bugs. For example, some people were having problems getting the keyboard to load in certain apps. Apple's Healthkit platform, which lets you share health data stored on your phone with other apps and even medical professionals, was disabled. Wednesday's update was supposed to fix all that and more.
Apple is supposed to test new versions of iOS before pushing the update to users. This seems like a huge oversight on Apple's part. If you downloaded the update before Apple pulled it, you'll probably have to wait for yet another iOS release before everything works again.
Python has lots of built-in serialization methods. It has had a standard module called pickle for a very long time, and exposes its built-in trusted data marshaling routines in the marshal module. Since the release of Python 2.6 in October, 2008 it has also had a standard, well-tested json library.
Since json's simple conceptual mapping to hash tables, smaller overhead, faster parsing, and ease of use in dynamic languages have found it taking over XML on the web in recent years, lots of work has been done trying to make it fast. Simplejson , which was incorporated into the stdlib as the standard json module, has seen further development aiming at keeping up with standards and adding compiled speedups. cjson , which took a lot of heat a few years ago for being relatively lax with respect to accepting broken input, has been the benchmark for raw speed, but its bad reputation, perceived flakiness, and zombied development status make it a tough sell for production. Finally, ujson , a project from esn.me, is under active development and shows benchmarks comparable to cjson.
At work, we ingest, process, store, load, and display tons of feeds, and serialization is a major consumer of CPU across our architecture. We recently wrote a faster replacement for feedparser (which was by far our biggest CPU hog) called speedparser and released it as open source. I decided to take the test corpus I used when developing speedparser and run a quick somewhat unscientific benchmark of the various serialization options mentioned above. In addition to those, I've also included msgpack, which has an in-C pickle-api python module, and is more or less compatible with json's data types, and bson, the binary-encoded json format used by mongodb.
The Setup
The data is the feedparser output from speedparser's test corpus, 4096 json documents of varying sizes (including some empty documents), the likes of which might be encountered by any general serialization job. I used the built-in python json module to decode each file, and then created files containing data encoded by marshal , pickle (via cPickle ), and msgpack as well.
The total size in bytes of the various formats were different. Although this has obvious performance implications, I am more concerned with how fast the various formats can serialize and de-serialize the same data, not necessarily the same amount of bytes.
The python version is 2.7.2 built with GCC 4.6.1 on a 64bit linux machine. The versions of the non-built-in packages are:
msgpack 0.1.10
ujson 1.9
cjson 1.0.5
simplejson 2.2.1
bson from pymongo 2.0.1 (with _cbson ext)
The test was run multiple times with very little variance. The results given are not a mean, but a sample of one of the runs.
Data size (in kilobytes):
json msgpack marshal pickle bson 350168 (342M) 309772 (303M) 330660 (323M) 369060 (361M) 324452 (317M)
I was actually quite surprised pickle was the largest, though it is a format that can represent considerably richer objects than json can.
I ran a simple test script which pre-loads every file for each type, does a decoded pass, then pre-loads the decoded data from each file and does an encoded pass. Encoding and decoding were measured separately so that any differences between the various serialization formats would be more visible. As you would imagine from the data set size, this takes a decent amount of memory.
Results:
library decoding encoding total cjson 2.97s 3.57s 6.54s json 6.83s 3.33s 10.16s simplejson 4.25s 2.22s 6.47s ujson 2.75s 1.63s 4.20s cPickle 3.86s 4.81s 8.67s marshal 2.76s 1.30s 4.06s msgpack 0.72s 2.75s 3.47s bson 2.58s 2.18s 4.76s
Some conclusions from this. The fastest decoder by some margin is msgpack , but since its data set was the smallest and it is designed for fast decoding and fast wire transport, this wasn't too surprising. The fastest encoder by less of a margin is marshal , followed by ujson , which performed very well in both encoding and decoding. bson also has a very strong all-around display, decoding and encoding documents quite quickly, although the interface is a bit awkward. cjson decodes very quickly even after 4 years of neglect, but under-performs during encoding, being beaten even by the builtin json library.
Pickle, the go-to for python object serialization, doesn't come out looking that good here, but if you want to serialize data with more complex types, there isn't really another option. Adding processors onto any of these other formatters for serialization and deserialization is going to slow them down significantly. Marshal was a curiosity; its documentation should scare you away from it, but if you need internal-only (trusted-data) serialization in python, speed is a major concern, and you want to avoid leaving the stdlib, it's the fastest built-in for both encoding and decoding.
On this evidence alone, I'd say that if you need speed and require json, ujson looks like it's the king, provided that you are comfortable with its test suite and maturity. It also provides pretty stable performance on both to encode and decode side of things, and json is a pretty stable format that is human readable and has plenty of tooling support. If decoding is particularly important for your application (reading blobs from a db or cache, perhaps), msgpack is worth taking a look at. The msgpack format is is a binary one, which is a drawback for human readability, but it will also take up less memory (since it serializes about 11% smaller than json), transfer over the wire faster, and decode almost 3x as quickly as json.
The standard caveats for these types of benchmarks apply. What is shown is a simple breakdown of the encoding and decoding performance characteristics of each library. Important things are ignored which should factor in to your serialization decisions, like the durability of each format to errors, or the behavior of the decoders under special data conditions or malformed input.
Former Top Gear host will not host BBC1's comedy quiz this month – but may be back later in the year
Jeremy Clarkson pulls out of Have I Got News For You appearance
Former Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson has pulled out of his planned appearance hosting BBC1's news quiz show Have I Got News For You.
The star was due to appear later this month in what would have been his first BBC appearance since the corporation decided not to renew his contract after he attacked a colleague on the motoring show.
Jimmy Mulville, managing director of Hat Trick Productions, which makes Have I Got News For You, said Clarkson had decided not to appear as host on this occasion.
“We fully expect him to resume his hosting duties later in the year,” he said.
It was reported on Wednesday that Clarkson had been cleared to present the programme, despite the BBC axe over what was initially termed a “fracas”.
The corporation said: “Jeremy's contract has not been renewed on Top Gear but he isn't banned from appearing on the BBC.”
North Yorkshire police said on Tuesday that Clarkson would face no further action over the incident after taking into consideration the views of other witnesses who “had been affected”.
An internal BBC report found that Clarkson subjected Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon to a sustained period of verbal and physical abuse after learning that there was no hot food available at the end of a day's shoot.
Bikes and Brews
Huntsville Bikes and Brews rides are usually held the first Friday of each month, however the next is set for Saturday, July 11. (Courtesy photo)
Bikes and Brews is basically a pub-crawl done on bicycles.
Ben Payment, a 31-year-old engineer, organized the Huntsville events because he enjoyed a less-structured version while in Wichita, Kansas. "I just knew that weekly I could show up at a set bar at a set time and there would be hundreds of cyclists there," Payment recalls. "At some point I would realize that the bikes would start to leave and I would join the crowd."
Only six or so folks showed up for the first Huntsville Bikes and Brews ride Payment put together more than a year ago, hitting local breweries and craft-beer-centric restaurants. But gradually the group has grown. Even persevering through 20-degree winter excursions. About 45 cyclists participated in the June ride, and more than 75 have RSVP'd for the next one, July 11. "It's all to get out, be a little active and enjoy some craft-style beer, the camaraderie and the group aspect of it," Payment says.
The July 11 Bikes and Brews starts by meeting up at Old Town Beer Exchange, (301 Holmes Ave. E.) from 6 to 6:45 p.m. The next stop is Yellowhammer Brewing (7-8 p.m., 2406 Clinton Ave W). Then Straight to Ale (8:15-9:15 p.m., 3200 Leeman Ferry Road), Hildegard's German Cuisine (9:30-10:30 p.m., 2357 Whitesburg Drive) and Below the Radar Brewing Company (10:45-11:45 p.m.) 220 Holmes Ave. N.E.).
"I encourage the bikes to be well-lit," Payment says. "But specifically educate people about the law which requires a forward-facing white light and rear reflector (for night riding). In fact the more lights the better. It's part of the fun of the ride. It adds visibility and safety and also we stay together as a group. It is a slow ride nearly any bicycle and most people's level of fitness can accomplish."
Payment pedals a Dawes bicycle he's outfitted with a Bluetooth speaker so he can pump blues and vintage R&B tunes by the likes of Tab Benoit and Otis Redding during the rides, which are usually held the first Friday of each month. Scheduling was modulated this month to account for the Fourth of July holiday weekend. And a July 10 screening of comedy film "The Princess Bride" as part of Movies in the Park.
In terms of consumption during Bikes and Brews, Payment favors ambers and brown ales. "I tell people you should start out (drinking) slower and find your own comfort level. It's my preferred way to go drinking because I feel like it's considerably safer than hopping in a car."
Dario Gonzalez, a 43-year-old nonprofit employee, rides a 30-year-old Nishiki bicycle at Bikes and Brews. He alternates lower alcohol-by-volume beers like red ales with water on the stops - punctuated with a victorious India Pale Ale on the last stop. He began participating in Bikes and Brews about three or four months ago.
"One thing about bicycling in a group it sort of shows people they can also bicycle just from here to there also," Gonzalez says. "You can use bicycles as transportation. I think people feel more secure and that drivers really notice them if they're (bicycling) in a group."
facebook.com/groups/bikesbrewshsv
OTTAWA –Immigration, Citizenship, and Refugees Minister Ahmed Hussen is dismissing American-style security concerns over immigration, putting Canada's new plan to bring in nearly a million newcomers over the next three years in stark contrast with the recent U.S. clampdown under Donald Trump.
Hussen called Canada a "world leader" in settling and integrating immigrants, and said despite security concerns raised by some -- including Trump -- it's possible to increase immigration while mitigating potential security concerns.
"We don't have to make a choice between the two. You can be rigorous in your screening for security, for health, for criminality. At the same time be ambitious in immigration," said Hussen in an interview with Evan Solomon, host of CTV's Question Period, championing Canada's different direction as the right economic move.
On Wednesday the federal government announced a three-year plan that will see Canada admitting 340,000 immigrants a year by 2020, an increase of 13 per cent overall.
South of the border, U.S. President Donald Trump is seeking an immigration clampdown and vowed to step up the Department of Homeland Security's "extreme vetting program" following Tuesday's terror attack in New York.
The vetting process for prospective immigrants attempts to decipher whether applicants' views align with American values. For months his administration has attempted to bring in stronger restrictions on travel to the U.S. from a handful of Muslim-majority countries.
Hussen said that he hasn't heard any security concerns from U.S. officials about Canada's plan.
While the government says the immigration plan is ambitious, the number is short of the 450,000 targets recommended by its economic advisory council last year.
Hussen said the three-year plan was in response to the needs of stakeholders who were asking for more stability. He said while the increase in immigrants next year will be "gradual" it'll ramp up in the years following.
"We have heard loud and clear unanimously from provinces, from employers, saying to us, we need skilled workers. There are real labour market and skills shortages in this country," he said, citing the shrinking gap between the number of working adults per every retiree.
Hussen said that by 2036 the ratio is projected to be two working-age adults to one retiree.
"This is a demographic challenge we have to meet head on... one of the ways to address that is through immigration," he said.
Hussen denies Trump policy leading to more asylum claims in Canada
Hussen also downplayed the connection between the influx in asylum seekers to Canada, and the U.S. immigration policy under Trump.
He said the narrative that the influx of people crossing the U.S. border into Canada because of Trump, isn't the whole picture.
"It's more complicated than that. It's not the case for every single asylum seeker," said Hussen. "Forty per cent of the asylum seekers who were coming through the Quebec border had valid U.S. visas and had been in the U.S. for a very short time. Those were people who were intending to come to Canada regardless. It had nothing to do with U.S. policies."
Between January and September 2017, there have been 35,755 asylum claims processed by Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada and the Canada Border Services Agency. The influx is being felt most in Quebec, Ontario, Manitoba, Alberta, and British Columbia.
Hussen admits the influx outpaces what Canada anticipated, but said the increase in immigration under the new plan will help absorb some of the entrants. He also cautioned that not every asylum seeker will be able to make a legitimate refugee claim, meaning not all will get the protection they're seeking in Canada.
'Practical limits to our capacity': Kenney
Jason Kenney, leader of the United Conservative Party in Alberta and former immigration minister under Stephen Harper questioned the federal government's approach, saying there needs to be a focus on successful integration rather than boosting the number of newcomers to Canada "for the sake of it."
"I do think there are practical limits to our capacity to integrate people," Kenney said on CTV's Question Period. “There's no point in brining immigrants to Canada to face unemployment or underemployment, and too often that is the case. I think they should be a little bit more careful about that," he said.
Hussen, though, said Canada does integration "better than any other country in the world."
"The immigration system works, our settlement integration works... We're making the right moves. We can always do better, but a billion dollars we invested into settlement and integration this year. Is it expensive? Is it a huge investment? Absolutely. But it pays, it pays down the road," said Hussen.
At the White House, Duty Without Dignity
Reed Galen Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 20, 2017
Tuesday, June 20, 2017
By Reed Galen
Working at the White House is an incredible honor, privilege and adventure. I worked for President George W. Bush from 2002–2003 and my time there is still a source of pride and fond memories. There is an excitement and awe that comes along with knowing that every morning you go to work at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Any White House vet who says that look tourists gave them when they stepped out through the wrought-iron gate onto Pennsylvania Avenue didn't give them a little thrill, is lying. The vast majority of the staff there do not work in the West Wing. Most of them might only see the Oval Office once or twice, and will only have a singular personal moment with the president: when they get their departure photo. I was extremely lucky — I traveled the country and the globe on behalf of the President.
Much of the work is hard, tedious and goes largely unnoticed. Attempting perfection in your given role is expected, even if not attainable. The average staffer may be buried in a cubbyhole on the fourth floor of the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, propelled forward each day only by the fuel of knowing they're working for someone they truly believe in, someone that largely embodies a hopeful and positive vision for the United States. The president is (usually) the physical embodiment of that vision.
Being able to work in the White House is often as much about being in the right place at the right time as anything else. If I had not been a senior at the University of Texas at Austin when then-Governor George Bush won re-election in 1998 and subsequently ran for president, I'd likely still be living (happily!) in the Texas capital. But for me, and hundreds like me, and the hundreds who have worked for other previous presidents — Reagan, HW Bush, Clinton and Obama, the opportunity to work on their national campaign was a once-in-a-lifetime chance, and not to be missed. Nearly all presidential efforts lose — only one helps their candidate ascend the West Front of the Capitol on a chilly January morning.
The campaign is an essential component of building a cohesive and competent White House. The staff, from the Chief of Staff down to the assistant in the Travel Office, has the shared experience of working for someone they truly believe in; the shared highs and lows attendant in any campaign — or for so many Bushies — events like the Florida Recount bound many of us forever with shared memories. The president within the White House is also able to count on this group: they have been part of the universe for weeks, months and often years. Being President of the United States is a singular experience in American life, maybe in the world, which would be immeasurably more difficult without a coterie they trust and on whose confidence they can count.
Given President Trump won his campaign with five people and his airplane, he doesn't have a group of long-time aides other than his family and his security guard, three of whom now occupy senior roles at the White House. Much of the White House staff is drawn from the Republican National Committee, many of whom expected Trump to lose as much as the rest of us. They were with him during last year's General Election because that was their job — not because Donald J. Trump was their preferred candidate.
For the President and the staff alike, the work is difficult enough without having to constantly look over your shoulder to make sure someone isn't out to get you. Rivalry, disagreement and jockeying are natural to any high-powered and high-stress environment. In the Trump White House, they're an endemic, daily part of life. Sitting around the table at a senior staff meeting, looking around at your counterparts and knowing that you can have little or no confidence in their trust in and/or loyalty to you and the quixotic cause-of-the-day must be beyond dispiriting. Steve Bannon's response to a reporter yesterday about the change in press secretary, “Sean got fatter,” is an absolutely unacceptable thing for an Assistant to the President to say about anyone on the record, not least about a fellow staffer. Spicer would be well within his rights to ask Bannon to go 12 rounds on the South Lawn.
Reading the news out of Washington, we see President Trump's most senior aides spend as much time knifing one another as they do going about their duties. In a Trump organization, the chaos and backbiting are unwritten job descriptions. The president likes his staff to be at odds with one another, he says, because it keeps them on their toes and thinking. As we've seen, though, President Trump suffers from a near-debilitating desire to make sure everyone around him knows he's the boss. Take it from a White House veteran: There's never any question as to who the President is.
President Trump's lack of confidence, trust and loyalty has a real, practical affect on how his White House and by extension, how his government operates. Whether it be the continuing Russia investigation, the lack of transparency with the media, the morning tweet storms that set the tone for Washington's day or his inability to focus on major policy prescriptions, the president does a disservice to the country. He's not managing anything and his unwillingness to let others do their jobs ensures no one else is either.
If we took a survey today, many Trump voters would likely say that the issues I've mentioned above are inside baseball, don't matter and don't effect their opinion of the president. There is a ring of truth to that. Washington loves nothing more than to wrap itself inside the Beltway and fight silly, petty battles that advance no agendas other than the next shock-jock fundraising email. The sclerosis at the top of the US government has real-world implications. Millions of Americans don't know what their healthcare will look like next year. Businesses, large and small, unsure of where Washington is headed on taxes, may hold back on expansion until they have a clearer picture. The situation in Syria appears to escalating from chaotic to dangerous by the day. To the person in Marietta, Ohio those things mean real money and having a job, or not having one to go to everyday; or knowing a mom, dad, son or daughter are increasingly in harm's way.
Going to work at this White House everyday must be an adrenaline-fueled, fear-filled, fever dream. What will happen today? What will President Trump tweet about? What family member or favorite will you have to contend with in the course of just trying to get your job done. Working for the President of the United States is an unbelievable honor. That doesn't mean you should have to check your dignity at West Exec to do it.
Copyright, 2017. Jedburghs, LLC.
If you would like this column delivered to your inbox, sign up here.
Follow us on Facebook.
Specials New This Week Bull Moose Exclusives RSD 2019 *Vinyl* Gift Cards 4K UHD - Upcoming Releases Blu-ray - Upcoming Reissues Video Games – Upcoming Releases Books – Upcoming Releases
Music >> Vinyl >> Rock/Pop John Frusciante Niandra LaDes & Usually Just A T-Shirt John Frusciante Niandra LaDes & Usually Just A T-Shirt 2LP LP ROCK SUPERIOR VIADUCT 0000076 UPC: 855985006826
This item is not available at this time.
Artist Biography +
Product Details +
SHARE Add To Wishlist New Page 1 TRACK LISTING
1. As Can Be
2. My Smile Is A Rifle
3. Head (Beach Arab)
4. Big Takeover
5. Curtains
6. Running Away Into You
7. Mascara
8. Been Insane
9. Skin Blues
10. Your Pussy's Glued To A Building On Fire
11. Blood On My Neck From Success
12. Ten To Butter Blood Voodoo
13. Untitled #1 14. Untitled #2
15. Untitled #3 16. Untitled #4
17. Untitled #5 18. Untitled #6
19. Untitled #7 20. Untitled #8
21. Untitled #9 22. Untitled #10
23. Untitled #11 24. Untitled #12
25. Untitled #13 New Page 1 Niandra LaDes And Usually Just A T-Shirt is the first solo record by John Frusciante. Between 1990 and 1992 the guitarist
made a series of 4-track recordings, which at the time were not intended for commercial release. After leaving the band Red Hot Chili Peppers in 1992, Frusciante was encouraged by friends to release the material that he wrote in his spare time during the Blood Sugar Sex Magik sessions.
Originally released on Rick Rubin's American Recordings abel in 1994, Niandra LaDes is a mystifying work of tortured
beauty. Frusciante plays various acoustic and electric guitars, experimenting with layers of vocals, piano and reverse tape
effects. Channeling the ghosts of Syd Barrett and Skip Spence, his lyrics are at once utterly personal and willfully
opaque.
Frusciante's rapidfire, angular playing shows how key he was in the Chili Peppers' evolution away from their funk-rock roots.
His cover of “Big Takeover” perfectly deconstructs the Bad Brains original with laid-back tempo, twelve-string guitar and a
fierce handle on melody.
The album's second part—thirteen untitled tracks that Frusciante defines as one complete piece, “Usually Just A
T-Shirt”—contains several instrumentals featuring his signature guitar style. Sparse phrasing, delicate counterpoint and ethereal textures recall Neu/Harmonia's Michael Rother or The Durutti Column's Vini Reilly.
On the front cover, Frusciante appears in the 1920s drag—a nod to Marcel Duchamp's alter-ego Rrose Sélavy—which comes
from Toni Oswald's film Desert in the Shape.
This first-time vinyl release has been carefully remastered and approved by the artist. The double LP set is packaged with old
style tip-on gatefold jacket and printed inner sleeves.
Hungary will sue the European Commission and resist mandatory migrant resettlement quotas if Brussels does not take them off the agenda, Prime Minister Viktor Orbán said on Friday (28 October).
Orbán said his government would use a recent referendum in Hungary, in which the overwhelming majority of those who voted rejected the EU quotas, to challenge Brussels. Turnout for the vote was too low to make it legally binding.
Reinforcing concerns about his respect for polls, Orban has already downplayed the political significance of the low turnout and said there would be “legal consequences” regardless of the outcome.
“A valid referendum is always better than an invalid one, but the legal consequences will be the same,” he said on the day of the vote (2 October).
Hungary's Orban rejects 'Sovietisation' by Brussels, defends nation state At a commemoration of a 1956 anti-Communist uprising, Hungary's right-wing leader Viktor Orbán said his country must stand up to Europe's “Sovietisation” and defend its borders against mass migration.
Orbán said there was a stalemate on the issue right now; Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico, who holds the rotating EU presidency, is to propose a solution by the next EU summit in December.
Orbán told state radio that if the European Commission did not give up the idea of quotas, “then we will resist … we will not carry out (the EU decision), we will sue the Commission”.
“There will be a serious legal debate on whether a foreign population can be imposed on the people of an EU member state against its will,” he added. “This will be a big battle, and for this we need the (amended) constitution.”
Orbán says deciding whether to accept migrants is a matter of national sovereignty, and wants to amend Hungary's constitution next month to ban the settlement of migrants there.
Once asylum beneficiaries in 1956, Hungarians now reject migrants Sixty years ago, Soviet tanks crushed an anti-communist uprising in Budapest, sending 200,000 Hungarians – men women and children – fleeing across the border into Austrian refugee camps, then onwards into a welcoming Western world.
Orbán responded to the influx of migrants last year by sealing Hungary's southern borders with a razor-wire fence and thousands of army and police. He says Hungary, with its Christian roots, does not want to take in Muslims in large numbers, and that they pose a security risk.
The firebrand leader has emerged as the standard-bearer of those opposed to German Chancellor Angela Merkel's “open-door” policy, in the wake of the bloc's worst migration crisis since 1945.
The EU migrant quota proposal — spearheaded by Germany and approved by most EU governments last year after antagonistic debates — seeks to ease pressure on frontline countries Italy and Greece, where most migrants enter the EU.
But implementation has been slow. Eastern and central European nations are vehemently opposed to the plan aimed at relocating 160,000 people, many having fled war in Syria.
Hungary has not accepted a single one of the 1,294 refugees allocated to it under the scheme and instead joined Slovakia in filing a legal challenge against it.
Hungarian constitution to ban relocation of migrants Hungary's right-wing Prime Minister Viktor Orbán yesterday (10 October) proposed constitutional changes aimed at banning the mass relocation of migrants, after voters backed his rejection of an EU refugee quota plan in a recent referendum.
Sanders supporters attend a rally at the Brothers Convention Center in Waterloo, Iowa. (Lucian Perkins for The Washington Post)
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are well on their way to becoming their parties' 2016 nominees for president.
Among young voters, though, Bernie Sanders has more votes than both of them — combined.
The below chart comes from the Center for Information and Research on Civic Learning and Engagement (CIRCLE), which does yeoman's work in tracking the youth vote in American politics. For the purposes of this chart, "youth votes" are defined as those cast by people under 30 years old.
Thus far, Sanders has won the votes of more than 1.5 million of them. Clinton is second and Trump trails just behind, but the two front-runners combine for just 1.2 million votes — 300,000 less than Sanders alone.
There has been plenty of focus on how Clinton's dominance among black voters has paved her path to the nomination. She won their votes as much as 9-to-1 in some Southern states and is currently winning them more than 2-to-1 in the Midwest.
But Sanders's dominance with young voters is almost as significant — at least in the percentages. So far, he's taking 71 percent of the two-candidate vote among young voters.
Of course, as we've noted before on this blog, young voters still haven't turned out at high enough rates to make a real difference for Sanders. And indeed, through the first few contests, youth voter turnout wasn't exceptional, compared to 2008.
The good news for Sanders? That's starting to change.
On Tuesday, young voters exceeded their 2008 turnout in 4 of the 5 states — in three of those states by large margins.
The bad news for Sanders? He's no longer racking up the same margins among them as he did in Iowa, New Hampshire and Nevada, where he won their votes 5-to-1 and even 6-to-1. In Florida on Tuesday, it was less than 2-to-1. In the Midwestern states, it was about 4-to-1. And in North Carolina, it was less than 3-to-1.
Had he continued winning young voters by those massive early margins, the increased turnout among them on Tuesday could have made a difference. But it's still pretty remarkable that the 74-year-old senator from Vermont is taking so much of their votes.
WATCH: Rabbi returns $98,000 he finds in Craigslist desk he bought for $150. Shirlee Engel reports.
If you've ever bought something on Craigslist, you know you don't always get what you bargained for.
But Ottawa Rabbi Noah Muroff and his wife never imagined they'd hit the jackpot when they bought a used desk for $150.
The desk didn't fit into Muroff's office, so they took it apart and found a plastic bag with a whopping $98,000 inside.
Muroff and his wife knew they couldn't keep the money, so they called the woman who sold them the desk and arranged to return the cash.
The woman told them she had inherited the money after both her parents passed away.
Too distraught to do anything with it, she stashed it in one of the drawers and forgot.
For doing the right thing, the woman gave the Rabbi and his wife a card and a $3,500 reward for their honesty, plus the $150 they paid for the desk.
The Prince Albert Parkland Health Region has fired an employee for allegedly “snooping” into the medical records of her own family members.
According to a report of the Information and Privacy Commissioner, the employee improperly accessed the patient information of 14 people, including several family members. The health region detected the breach on June 14 through an audit.
The employee, who is not named in the report, had already been disciplined for similar behaviour. In May, she allegedly snooped on two patients using the Pharmaceutical Information Program and was suspended for five days.
The Information and Privacy Commissioner, Ronald J. Kruzeniski, found that the health region has effectively contained the breach and has taken steps to prevent similar issues. The “root cause,” he agreed, was the employee's behaviour, and not any flaw in the health region's system.
“I agree with Parkland's finding that the root cause was the employee intentionally breaching privacy,” he wrote.
Those actions, Kruzeniski found, were a violation of privacy law.
“Parkland reported that the employee looked up records about herself, family members, and friends out of curiosity,” he said. “I find that (The Health Information Protection Act) does not authorize using personal health information to satisfy one's curiosity.”
For more on this story, see the September 12 edition of the Prince Albert Daily Herald.
Free agency has been dead for a while now, but as House Greyjoy says, "What is dead may never die."
The point is that while free agency hasn't really been a focal point since March, it's still an ongoing process. It's not finished yet. Now that teams have filled some of their remaining holes through the draft, it has become a whole lot more clear where the best remaining free agents could eventually land. It's becoming clear which teams should make a move for the best remaining free agents to address the areas of need they neglected in the draft.
Established players like LeGarrette Blount, Colin Kaepernick and Jay Cutler remain on the market. So, let's take a look at some potential landing spots for players like them -- players who can definitely help a team, but aren't at the top of their game anymore.
For the record, these are all projections based on need and fit, which basically translates into: This is where free agents should -- not will -- sign. So, please don't yell at me when Anquan Boldin signs with the Lions instead of the Ravens, for example. But if you must, you can find me on Twitter, where I spend my time endlessly praising "Rogue One" as the best "Star Wars" movie ever made.
Note: The following 26 free agents (plus some bonus names) are not ordered in any particular way. It is, for the most part, random. Except the last name on this list. He was placed there for a reason. You'll understand why.
Where will Kaepernick land? USATSI
1. RB Jamaal Charles
Note: News broke Tuesday after this article was initially published that Charles signed a one-year deal with the Broncos. You can read all about the signing here.
Landing spot: Eagles and Broncos
Despite drafting the undersized Donnel Pumphrey in the fourth round, the Eagles' running back depth chart still needs bolstering considering the position is spearheaded by the reliably unreliable Ryan Mathews and Darren Sproles, who intends to retire after the upcoming season. So, the Eagles could use another member of the backfield.
Charles makes sense because he played under Doug Pederson in Kansas City. Pederson previously admitted to being interested in him. Charles is 30 and coming off another serious knee injury, but he could fit in due to the presence of Mathews and Sproles. The Eagles don't need a workhorse, but they do need another capable player who has the potential of breaking out. That player might be Charles.
Let's add the Broncos to the list too, namely because of this:
Former Chiefs RB Jamaal Charles scheduled to visit Broncos on Tuesday, sources tell ESPN. Broncos enthused about it. Good fit for both sides — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) May 1, 2017
It would be a solid fit considering C.J. Anderson and Devontae Booker disappointed last season. Charles would likely be more than OK playing for a playoff contender.
2. RB LeGarrette Blount
Landing spot: Giants
A year ago, the Giants ranked 29th in rushing yards as they churned through a number of running backs like Rashad Jennings, Paul Perkins, Shane Vereen and Orleans Darkwa. They did draft Wayne Gallman in the fourth round, but there's a reason why he's a fourth-round pick. Blount would bring some much-needed stability to the Giants' backfield.
A year ago, he eclipsed the 1,000-yard mark and rushed for 18 touchdowns with the Patriots. The four Giants running backs I listed above combined for six touchdowns in 2016.
3 & 4: QBs Jay Cutler, Colin Kaepernick
Landing spot: Jaguars
Cutler and Kaepernick can obviously be tied to any team that is lacking a starting-caliber quarterback like the Jets or 49ers. But that's boring and too easy, so let's throw a more interesting name into the mix: the Jaguars.
Blake Bortles is entering his fourth season. To this point, he hasn't provided any evidence that he's worthy of being a franchise quarterback. Statistically, he regressed last season.
Still, the Jaguars have to believe they have the pieces in place around Bortles to succeed. They have a promising receiving core led by Allen Robinson and Allen Hurns. They drafted Leonard Fournette as their running back and Cam Robinson as their left tackle. They have a young, growing defense. As a bonus, they reside in the awful AFC South. The only thing holding them back from a 9-7 season is a competent quarterback.
Cutler and Kaepernick both have their flaws, but they're also light-years more reliable than Bortles. With Tom Coughlin, who had no part in drafting Bortles, running the show, it's not inconceivable to suggest that he could want to bring in someone to compete with Bortles. If Bortles can't outplay Cutler or Kaepernick then why bother keeping him around?
The Jaguars did not draft a quarterback to compete with Bortles, which makes sense, because if Bortles sucks again, they can draft their new quarterback next year. There was no point in wasting a pick on a quarterback this year. But giving a veteran quarterback a one-year contract wouldn't compromise their future.
Bonus: Kaepernick
Landing spot: Cowboys
Here's an outside-the-box idea: The Cowboys don't have a backup quarterback after losing Tony Romo and Mark Sanchez. Kaepernick would be a beyond capable one. If Dak Prescott went down with an injury, Kaepernick could step in and run a similar type of offense in terms of executing zone-reads with Ezekiel Elliott.
Landing spots: Cardinals and Bears
The Cardinals need a No. 2 cornerback to play alongside Patrick Peterson. As of now, because the Cardinals passed on taking a cornerback in the draft, that duty would likely fall to Brandon Williams, who allowed a 115.3 passer rating in coverage last season, per Pro Football Focus.
Last year for the Titans, McCourty allowed an 83.8 passer rating. Flowers allowed an 82.2 passer rating for the Chargers and Brock allowed a 91.6 passer rating with the 49ers. Obviously, passer rating is flawed statistic, but all three players might be upgrades for a team that considers itself a playoff contender.
Obviously, all three won't land with the Cardinals. Another option could be Chicago. Despite the reputation, the Bears' defense actually has a chance to be good this year after a sneaky solid year in 2016, when the unit finished 15th in yards allowed and 12th in sacks. The biggest weakness is the secondary, as the Bears notched just eight interceptions.
The Bears cut Tracy Porter and didn't draft a cornerback. Former first-round pick Kyle Fuller can't stay healthy. Prince Amukamara -- another injury risk -- is slotted to be the team's top corner. I'm not sure the Bears trust Fuller or Amukamara to stay on the field and perform at a high enough level.
8. WR Anquan Boldin
Landing spot: Ravens
The Ravens' receiving room looks like this:
And they didn't add one in the draft. So, they could use a dependable veteran. And that's what Boldin is, despite his age (36). He has averaged 686.5 yards the past two seasons. He's not a WR1, but he can be a solid possession type of guy. I like the idea of a reunion with the Ravens.
Plus, he has the catch radius to rescue Joe Flacco's not-so-elite passes.
9 & 10. DLs Jared Odrick
Landing spot: Lions
Who is the Lions' best defensive tackle -- 33-year-old Haloti Ngata or 22-year-old A'shawn Robinson?
The Lions could use another body to throw into the mix. Neither Marks nor Odrick is a savior by any means, but they could add some depth. Marks actually finished with a higher pass-rushing rating than Ngata (per PFF) while Odrick is in desperate need of a job:
I too was once drafted, first round actually. Now look at my life. I eat brussel sprouts out of cardboard boxes in row 17c, the back of the plane. Life comes at you fast kids. A post shared by Jared Odrick (@maxbaer75) on Apr 27, 2017 at 3:01pm PDT
Someone gives that man a job.
Landing spot: Seahawks
The Seahawks desperately need help on the offensive line. Clady isn't what he used to be (a shutdown left tackle with the Broncos), but he can be serviceable if he's healthy. The same goes for Dunlap.
The Seahawks signed Luke Joeckel as their left tackle, so Clady or Dunlap could slide in at right tackle or compete for the starting job on the left side. Pete Carroll certainly loves competition.
13. C Nick Mangold
Landing spot: Ravens
The Ravens' center, as of now, is either John Urschel or Ryan Jensen because they traded Jeremy Zuttah to the 49ers before the draft. Mangold would be an upgrade. They also reportedly had him in for a visit. So interest is there.
And hey, Ryan Mink likes the idea and he works for the Ravens, though his Twitter bio makes it clear that opinions are his own.
For fans freaking out about the lack of offensive picks: C Nick Mangold, WR Anquan Boldin, OT King Dunlap are still out there. Just sayin'. — Ryan Mink (@ryanmink) April 29, 2017
So, I guess you could add the Ravens to the section above pertaining to Dunlap.
14. WR Michael Floyd
Landing spots: Bears, Rams, Chiefs
The Bears let Alshon Jeffery go. Cameron Meredith has shown the ability to be a starting-caliber receiver, but I'm skeptical that he can fill Jeffery's role. Meanwhile, Kevin White has appeared in four games since being their first-round pick in 2015. Floyd has his issues away from the field, but the Bears could take a flier on him.
The Rams also desperately need playmakers. Despite what his contract says, Tavon Austin isn't a suitable top target for Jared Goff. Despite drafting a tight end and two receivers in Gerald Everett, Cooper Kupp and Josh Reynolds, the Rams couldn't go wrong by adding another body to the mix. Floyd has upside.
Meanwhile, the Chiefs clearly don't mind issues away from the field (see: Tyreek Hill) and their receiving corps is lacking besides Travis Kelce, a tight end. Jeremy Maclin regressed last season and Hill isn't the kind of player who can be counted on to contribute consistently. The Chiefs need to get Alex Smith another receiver (one he'll refuse to target deep down the field, but whatever) even after drafting Jehu Chesson in the fourth round. Chesson is a developmental prospect and the Chiefs are in win-now mode.
15. LB DeAndre Levy
Landing spot: Patriots
This just makes too much sense, right? Of course the Patriots would pick up a formerly awesome player who has had a recent rough go with injuries and of course the Patriots would revitalize his career. In his prime, Levy was one of the best linebackers in the league. As it stands, two of the Patriots' linebackers are Shea McClellin and Elandon Roberts after the Patriots didn't use any of their four selections in the draft on the position. Now that the NFL banned leaping over the center on kicks, I'm not sure what kind of value McClellin brings to the Patriots.
Other landing spots, as mentioned by my editor, R.J. White, who helped me brainstorm this entire story: the Buccaneers, Seahawks and Bills.
16. DB Darrelle Revis
Landing spot: Patriots
Revis' demise has been documented to death, but he has a chance to transition into a pretty darn good safety. The idea of him doing that with the Patriots makes sense because of their prior history. Plus, it's easier to see him continuing his career if he plays for a contender.
17 & 18. Pass rushers Paul Kruger, Elvis Dumervil
Landing spots: Chiefs and Rams
The Chiefs are clearly in win-now mode. Their defense is the strength of their team, having finished seventh in points allowed last season. If they're going to make noise in the playoffs by finally overcoming the Galactic Empire (the Patriots), they'll need to bother Tom Brady. As the Giants and Broncos have proven over the years, that's really the only way to beat them.
Meanwhile, the Rams are undergoing a transition to a 3-4 defense under Wade Phillips. Kruger and Dumervil come from 3-4 systems and could be solid additions to an already stacked defensive line.
19. TE Gary Barnidge
Landing spot: Panthers
Yes, I know the Panthers already have one of the best tight ends in the game in Greg Olsen, but two-TE formations are officially in, especially for a run-heavy team like the Panthers. It's easy to forget, but the Panthers drafted Barnidge in 2008. I say it's time for a reunion.
Landing spot: Browns
I'm not sure if Cruz has anything left in the tank after injuries decimated his career, but he could serve a mentor type of role in Cleveland with the Browns' young receivers (Corey Coleman, to be specific, and even Josh Gordon if he ever returns) so long as he learned his lesson from that infamous boat trip.
The same can be said about Jackson -- except for the boat trip part.
22, 23 & 24. CBs Tracy Porter, Alterraun Verner, Sam Shields
Landing spots: Saints
Let's face it: The Saints still need a ton of help on defense, even if they did draft cornerback Marshon Lattimore in the first round. These three don't meet the definition of a No. 1 corner, but any of them could be a solid depth addition.
Plus, Super Bowl hero Porter returning to the Saints is too good of a story to pass up.
25. QB Johnny Manziel
Landing spot: Saints
Manziel wants a comeback after he derailed his career by partying and allegedly assaulting his ex-girlfriend. He even met with Sean Payton this offseason. The Saints need someone to take over for Drew Brees eventually. If anyone can get the most out of Manziel on the field, it's Payton. Sitting behind Brees would be great for Manziel's development as a quarterback.
It's tough to see anyone taking a chance on Manziel. But if someone does, look for that team to be the Saints. They don't have a successor in place after going quarterback-less in the draft. They admitted to being tempted by Patrick Mahomes. Maybe they'll settle for Manziel.
Johnny Manziel teaming up with Sean Payton would make sense. USASTI
26. DE Jaye Howard
Landing spot: Bears
According to ESPN's Adam Schefter, Howard is visiting the Bears, who could use some help up front -- even if it is the strength of their defense. If the Bears add Howard, look for their defensive front to surprise some folks.
BONUS. Tim Tebow
Landing spot: Just kidding
204
Nendoroid Menma is back again to fulfil your wish!
From the anime series 'Anohana: The Flower We Saw That Day' comes a rerelease of Nendoroid Meiko Honma, better known as Menma - the lively, friendly member of the 'Super Peace Busters'. She comes with a variety of optional parts, including Menma's diary filled with her memories and thoughts of all her friends, as well as some of her steamed bread, which helped everyone believe she was actually with them.
She also comes with parts to recreate the scene from the ending theme - including flower parts and stands to place them on, as well as an expression with closed eyes and arm parts to let her put her arms behind her back. She comes with everything you need to recreate your favorite heart-warming scenes from the series!
She comes with everything you need to recreate your favorite heart-warming scenes from the series!
“I'm very excited to commit to the Islanders for the next five years, especially with the news of the new Coliseum,” Okposo said. “This team really showed its potential in the second half of the season last year and I'm excited to be a part of getting the franchise back to the playoffs.”Okposo, 23, scored five goals with 15 assists in 38 games for the Islanders last season. The St. Paul, MN, native missed the first 44 games of 2010-11 due to a shoulder injury, which he suffered during training camp.“Kyle has been a critical part of our young core over the past few seasons,” said Islanders General Manager Garth Snow. “He is a high character guy that brings size and a scoring touch to our lineup.”The Islanders selected Okposo in the first round, seventh overall, of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. He has served as an assistant captain since 2009-10. In 192 career NHL games, all with the Islanders, Okposo has scored 116 points (44 goals, 72 assists).The 6'0”, 210-pound forward has also played in 35 American Hockey League games with the Bridgeport Sound Tigers, and he's represented the United States at two World Championships and two World Junior Championships.Before beginning his professional career, Okposo spent one season in the United States Hockey League with the Des Moines Buccaneers, followed by two collegiate years at the University of Minnesota.
Iran is not happy with the U.S. Congress for voting to extend economic sanctions against their country for another 10 years. So much so, that Iranian leaders are threatening to walk away from the nuclear deal made under President Obama.
“The Islamic Republic of Iran doesn't see any necessity to reveal this issue [its reactions] but we have made necessary predictions before, meaning that we are well prepared to show reaction,” Ali Akbar Salehi, the head of Iran's Atomic Energy Organization, was quoted as saying on Friday in the country's state-controlled press. The new sanctions, Salahi said, “explicitly violate the nuclear deal.”
In addition to shunning the nuclear negotiations, Iran is threatening to boycott U.S. goods. They are currently drafting the measure in parliament, according to Mohammad Reza Tabesh, a senior Iranian parliament member, and it is expected to pass.
Iran may also continue to try and intimidate America by land or air, like last month when they pointed naval weapons at some of our helicopters.
President-elect Donald Trump, who has pledged to dismantle the nuclear deal, probably has no problem letting Iran kiss it goodbye. And with Marine Gen. James Mattis just named as his new secretary of defense, I doubt the incoming administration will take any kind of military intimidation lightly.
Are you in the market for a new pet, one that doesn't require much maintenance or care? Or perhaps, one that requires absolutely nothing from you? You're in luck: One Petco appears to have a long tailed grass lizard skeleton available in its store tank, for the low price of just $9.99.
Consumerist reader Holly pointed us to a recent Reddit post titled, “We clean our cages regularly,” with a link to a series of photos apparently snapped at a Texas Petco.
If you're not looking closely enough, you might just think it's an empty tank, devoid of any pets. That can surely happen when someone buys a pet and the store hasn't moved a new inmate in yet.
But further inspection reveals the skeleton of a small lizard, ostensibly the Long Tailed Grass Lizard on the tank's sign. That same sign includes helpful instructions that might've helped the store's animal handlers, things like feeding the lizard and making sure it has enough water. The sign also promises a pet that is “quick and active,” which we're sure these lizards are… when they're alive.
One commenter who claims to have worked for the company in another location in Texas points out that this particular store has a bad reputation, and that this kind of thing “is NOT standard” for other stores in the area.
We've reached out to Petco corporate to ask how this kind of thing could happen, if it's investigating this particular incident (as this could all be part of an elaborate hoax), and what company policy is on displaying animals for sale that have clearly been dead long enough to decompose to a skeletal state. We'll let you know when and if we receive a reply.
A post Sunday on the Facebook page of a Missouri police union declared the one-year anniversary of the shooting of unarmed teenager Michael Brown to be “Darren Wilson Day,” after the police officer who killed him, according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
The post on the page of the Columbia Police Officers' Association incited outrage in the college town, including among city officials. Protestors gathered Monday outside the police department, according to the newspaper.
The post said the shooting had nothing to do with race and referred to Wilson, who was a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, as an “innocent, but persecuted, officer,” according to the Post-Dispatch. It also said Wilson was innocent because of “the fact that he was thoroughly investigated… and found he did NOTHING wrong,” according to the report.
The post was shared almost 60 times, according to an ABC affiliate.
During the Monday demonstration, Columbia's city manager and the police chief locked arms with demonstrators, according to the TV station.
The union is a “trade organization that is not accountable to the City of Columbia,” Robert McDavid, the mayor of Columbia posted on Facebook.
The original post appeared to have been deleted by Monday afternoon. But the union put up another Facebook post.
BRATISLAVA(Reuters) - Slovakia's top court on Thursday overturned rulings by lower courts that had cleared the frontrunner to become Czech prime minister of cooperation with communist-era secret police (StB), a court spokeswoman said.
The leader of ANO party Andrej Babis signs his books during an election campaign rally in Prague, Czech Republic September 28, 2017. Picture taken September 28, 2017. REUTERS/David W Cerny
Andrej Babis, who is almost certain to win a parliamentary mandate in the Oct 20-21 vote, has admitted to meetings with StB officers in the former Czechoslovakia, but insists he only discussed the country's economic interests.
Especially for older Czechs and Slovaks, the injustices of the communist era of their joint past are still raw nearly 30 years on and any suggestion of collusion could still be a stain on his reputation.
If he were to be listed as an informer, it would not bar Babis, 63, from elected office and he questioned the timing of the decision by Slovakia's Constitutional Court.
“I never signed collaboration with the StB and never collaborated with the StB ...,” Babis said via a spokeswoman.
“Of course I am bothered that this issue is returning to the beginning after five years and will be abused in a political fight ...a few days ahead of an election.”
Babis said he would fight the ruling with another lawsuit, if needed, having launched the original lawsuit to clear his name.
The decision returns to lower court the lengthy battle over Babis' activities in the 1980s, when he was a member of the Czechoslovak ruling Communist party and worked for a state foreign trade company.
Babis moved from Slovakia to the Czech Republic in 1993 after the dissolution of Czechoslovakia. He then built up his Agrofert chemicals business and joined politics in 2011.
StB files released by Slovakia's investigative institute of communist-era oppression, UPN, say Babis was an informer of the secret police.
Several Slovak courts including the Supreme Court have cleared Babis of the allegations.
Those rulings were based on evidence given by former StB agents, who testified that Babis was never recruited and his appearance in the archives, under a code name, only meant unwitting cooperation.
“The reasoning by the Constitutional Court was that UPN can not be sued in this case because it did not author the StB documents. The court also said former StB agents are untrustworthy witnesses by definition,” UPN attorney Pavol Polacek from the Polacek&Partners law firm told Reuters.
“Legal opinion of the Constitutional Court is binding for lower courts so the regional court will have to dismiss Babis' lawsuit,” he added.
Babis is also facing fraud charges in the Czech Republic in a case involving a 2 million euro EU subsidies a decade ago. He has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing.
Image caption The M23 deserted from the army last April and have taken control of key towns
More than 4,000 people have fled at night from a border town into Uganda after rival rebel factions fought in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The violence followed the sacking of the political leader of the M23 rebel group, Jean-Marie Runiga, on Thursday.
Mr Runiga is allied to Bosco Ntaganda, a rebel commander wanted by the International Criminal Court on war crimes charges.
Some 800,000 people have been displaced since the M23 rebellion began in 2012.
On Sunday, regional African leaders signed a UN-brokered accord to end the conflict.
'Town empty'
The UN refugee agency in Uganda told the BBC about 4,500 people crossed the border overnight.
"It started at around midnight and we can still hear the bullets and bombs," Damien Batimaha, a local community leader in the border town of Bunagana, told Reuters news agency.
"Most of the town has fled. I'm at home but my family has already left," he said.
The town is under the control of fighters loyal to the M23's main leader, Brig Gen Sultani Makenga.
Rebel spokesman Col Vianney Kazarama told the BBC's Great Lakes Service that the M23 fighters were ambushed as they made their way to Rumangabo, a military base about 50km (31 miles) north of Goma.
They were attacked by men loyal to Gen Ntaganda using heavy weaponry. There were many casualties on both sides, the spokesman said.
The M23 rebels Named after the 23 March 2009 peace accord which they accuse the government of violating
This deal saw them join the army before they took up arms once more in April 2012
Also known as the Congolese Revolutionary Army
Mostly from minority Tutsi ethnic group
Deny being backed by Rwanda and Uganda
Believed to have 1,200 to 6,000 fighters who briefly seized Goma in November
International Criminal Court indicted top commander Bosco "Terminator" Ntaganda in 2006 for allegedly recruiting child soldiers
The UN and US have imposed a travel ban and asset freeze on the group's leader, Sultani Makenga and political leader Jean-Marie Runiga
Splits reported in February 2013, a month after peace talks began in Kampala Profile: Bosco 'Terminator' Ntaganda
The second attack came at midnight on the the M23 headquarters near Bunagana.
Col Kazarama said he believed the attack was prompted by the peace accord signed in Addis Ababa, which mentioned arrest warrants - and Gen Ntaganda fears he will be handed over to The Hague.
The M23 - mostly made up of fighters from the Tutsi minority group who deserted from the army - launched a rebellion against the DR Congo government 11 months ago, briefly seizing Goma, the main city in the east, in November.
The rebellion was founded by Gen Ntaganda, who was an officer in the Rwandan army before he left to join a rebel movement in DR Congo.
In a statement signed by Gen Makenga on Thursday, Mr Runiga was accused of treason because of "financial embezzlement, divisions, ethnic hatred, deceit and political immaturity".
Rwanda and Uganda have denied UN allegations that they are backing the group.
Milwaukee Brewers reliever Will Smith will have his sore right knee examined by a physician on Friday. Credit: Roy Dabner for the Journal Sentinel
By of the
Mesa, Ariz. — The plan of Milwaukee Brewers manager Craig Counsell to close victories was thrown into jeopardy Friday with the news left-hander Will Smith was having his swollen right knee examined.
There was no word later in the day on the results of Smith's examination. Counsell said the team probably would make an announcement Saturday.
"It's a little concerning because there's swelling in the knee and we have 10 days to go (before opening day)," Counsell said.
The left-handed Smith, who has been brilliant with seven scoreless outings in Cactus League play, experienced soreness in the knee after pitching Thursday in a minor-league game to get work. He still had swelling Friday morning, leading to the decision to be examined.
"It happened after he pitched yesterday, so we're going to have a doctor see him," said Counsell. "Then we'll know more. It wasn't while he was pitching."
Counsell previously announced he would not name a primary closer before the start of the season. Instead, he said he would use both Smith and right-hander Jeremy Jeffress, both of whom served as setup men last season for Francisco Rodriguez, who was traded to Detroit in November.
Jeffress only recently started pitching in games after missing a few weeks with a hamstring strain. He likely would get the bulk of the closing action at the outset of the season if Smith is sidelined.
Smith, 26, was one of the best setup men in the National League last season. In a team-high 76 appearances, he went 7-2 with a 2.70 ERA, with 91 strikeouts in 631/3 innings. His strikeout ratio of 12.93 per nine innings ranked fourth among NL relievers.
"Will is an important part of our team," said general manager David Stearns. "That's clear. He has been one of the best relievers in baseball for the last couple of years. We still expect him to carry a big workload for our team this year.
"We'll see how these tests come out, what the doctor's evaluation is, and we'll go from there. We do feel like we've got some depth in camp. Obviously, we don't have a ton of guys of Will's quality and experience and proven track record. But we do have some arms we're excited about, so we'll see what happens."
Although Jeffress has pitched in only three exhibition games (three scoreless innings), Stearns said there was confidence he would be completely ready for the season.
"J.J. has progressed well," said Stearns. "Our expectation is he is going to be ready to go when opening day gets here."
Jeffress, 28, also is coming off a strong season. In a career-high 72 appearances in 2015, he was 5-0 with a 2.65 ERA and 67 strikeouts in 68 innings.
Right-hander Corey Knebel has not been used as a closer in his 56 appearances in the majors, including 48 with the Brewers last season. He has experience in that role in the minors, recording six saves for Class AAA Colorado Springs in limited action in 2015.
Right-handers Michael Blazek and Tyler Thornburg also are slated for spots in the bullpen. Smith is the only left-hander who was assured a job thus far, but veteran lefties Chris Capuano and Franklin Morales are still in the running. Veteran right-hander Blaine Boyer also is in the mix.
The Brewers have decisions to make on Boyer by Sunday, Morales by Monday and Capuano on Tuesday to offer them spots on the roster or allow them to become free agents.
Britain wants its police to be allowed to shoot live rounds at arsonists - that's the conclusion of a recent report. So next time rioters take to the streets, they might just get a real bullet in the head rather than a rubber one.
­This year's riots in the UK vividly exposed the “soft touch” of Britain's police force, which wasted time and resources on lenient and ineffective measures to contain arsonists and looters. The resulting sense of impunity drove the mobs on to torch businesses.
Families living in apartments above the blazing shops were forced to jump out of windows to escape the flames – an experience neither forgotten nor forgiven.
People who lost their homes and livelihoods in the arson attacks also crave justice.
Enough is enough, and it now looks as if the long period of putting liberal values ahead of civil order is coming to an end in the United Kingdom.
Water cannon are too expensive and rubber bullets are relatively ineffective. So it looks like firearms and live ammunition could become a last and life-saving resort in dealing with a violent mob with no respect for the value of human life.
The review by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary calls for clear rules of engagement in extreme situations of public violence.
It says police should be better prepared to face mass disorder and violence. And it is not simply a matter of equipment or numbers of police officers. For example, water cannon have proven ineffective when used in pairs and in protracted operations because when used extensively they dry up in a matter of minutes. Plus, being 1 million pounds apiece, they have to be well-guarded by police.
Also it was calculated that police must outnumber rioters by a ratio of one to four or five in order to move swiftly and make arrests to curb violence.
The review states that it would be hard to establish criteria to justify the use of the military against rioting citizens. But the review suggests the possibility of the army replacing police in logistical positions “to free police officers for public order duties."
BETHLEHEM — Mark Cole hoisted the black, red and white flag high — its colors rippling in the wind as he led the Mackay Pipe Band and a contingent of soccer enthusiasts Sunday toward Lehigh University's Goodman Stadium.
The fans organized the spectacle to mark the long-anticipated return of pro soccer, as Bethlehem Steel FC, the Philadelphia Union's top affiliate, prepared to play Cincinnati in its first home game.
"I've been waiting for this day for a long time," said Cole, an organizer who began tailgating three hours before the game's start. "I've been a season ticket-holder of the Philadelphia Union for years and went to school at Moravian College. Bethlehem Steel FC is my team …This is a great day."
While Sunday marked Bethlehem Steel FC's first home game, Bethlehem is no stranger to soccer. The city hosted one of the winningest teams in the nation nearly a century ago.
Bethlehem Steel, which eventually became the second-largest steelmaker in the world, fielded a top-notch soccer team until 1930, luring some of the best players of the day to play under its company label. That team won five National Cups, now known as the U.S. Open Cup, and six American Cups.
Bethlehem Steel FC vs FC Cincinnati in inaugural match on Sunday at Lehigh University Goodman Stadium. (Chris Shipley/The Morning Call) (Chris Shipley/The Morning Call)
The team and the company are long gone, but the spirit of that winning team was resuscitated last year. The Philadelphia Union, which plays in the top-tier Major League Soccer, announced it would operate one of the five new members of the 29-team United Soccer League, a Division III league in American soccer's professional hierarchy.
Team officials decided to name the club, which plays its home games at Goodman Stadium, in honor of the professional team once populated by steelworkers and immigrants.
The team drew on that history with its blue logo — an elongated crest featuring the name of Bethlehem Steel in gold. Below it, a red beam wrapped by a golden snake, which is part of the Union logo, is used to indicate the intertwining of the two clubs. Blue and gold are the primary colors of the Philadelphia Union, and red is symbolic of Bethlehem Steel.
"We are hoping to bring the identity of the city out in the team, and show some real grit and determination, if nothing else, every time we step on the field," Bethlehem Steel FC head coach Brendan Burke said in a statement Thursday.
That rich tradition resonated with soccer fans with Lehigh Valley connections. Cole helped establish the official Bethlehem Steel FC fan club, East End Army. It has more than 400 Facebook followers and 70 paid members, who have access to buy tickets in the Forge section of the stadium.
The group takes its name from the original field where Bethlehem Steel's historic soccer team played its first home games. The membership includes fans from the Lehigh Valley stretching all the way to the United Kingdom.
The members have been galvanizing for the big game on social media and gathered at Molly's Irish Grille and Sports Pub in south Bethlehem for Steel's inaugural game March 25 in Montreal, which Steel won 1-0.
On Sunday, Bethlehem Steel FC lost to Cincinnati 2-1.
Sunday's tailgate brought out scores of soccer fans to a gravel parking lot near the stadium hours before the game. They chomped on hot dogs, drank some beer, waved their Bethlehem Steel and East End scarves and tried to keep warm
"I'm just happy to have a high-level soccer so close to us," said Bob Hopko, who lives 16 miles away in Holland Township, Hunterdon County.
Andrea Mease and her neighbor, Brittany Fontoura, shivered in the wind but couldn't keep from smiling.
"If it was snowing, we'd still be here," said Mease of Bethlehem.
Others not part of the club came to the stadium a little closer to the start, but they were just as psyched for Steel's inaugural home game.
The team had a treat in store for Union fans like Fletcher as it announced this last week that the Union would be loaning seven players — including goalkeeper John McCarthy — for Bethlehem's home opener.
William Fletcher, who lives in central Delaware, brought his wife and three sons — ages 1, 3 and 6 — to watch the game. They had come for Saturday's Monster Jam at PPL Center in Allentown and were delighted with the opportunity to take in some soccer.
They love the Philadelphia Union, but ticket costs can add up quickly for a family of five.
"We love soccer. Vincent plays soccer," Fletcher said, referring to his 6 year old. "This is a really good deal."
Nicole.mertz@mcall.com
Twitter @McallBethlehem
610-778-2253
BETHLEHEM STEEL FC
•Next home game: 3 p.m. April 17 vs. Richmond Kickers.
•Home field: Lehigh University's Goodman Stadium.
•East End Army fan club: $27 membership gets you access to the tailgate, a scarf and other items, plus access to purchase seats in the Forge.
•How to buy tickets: www.bethlehemsteelfc.com, 1-844-STEELFC
Download raw source
Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Received: by 10.25.43.68 with SMTP id r65csp758104lfr; Thu, 22 Oct 2015 14:49:36 -0700 (PDT) X-Received: by 10.107.134.94 with SMTP id i91mr16574338iod.74.1445550576755; Thu, 22 Oct 2015 14:49:36 -0700 (PDT) Return-Path: <ha16@hillaryclinton.com> Received: from mail-ig0-x22b.google.com (mail-ig0-x22b.google.com. [2607:f8b0:4001:c05::22b]) by mx.google.com with ESMTPS id je7si6070igb.12.2015.10.22.14.49.36 for <john.podesta@gmail.com> (version=TLSv1.2 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256 bits=128/128); Thu, 22 Oct 2015 14:49:36 -0700 (PDT) Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of ha16@hillaryclinton.com designates 2607:f8b0:4001:c05::22b as permitted sender) client-ip=2607:f8b0:4001:c05::22b; Authentication-Results: mx.google.com; spf=pass (google.com: domain of ha16@hillaryclinton.com designates 2607:f8b0:4001:c05::22b as permitted sender) smtp.mailfrom=ha16@hillaryclinton.com; dkim=pass header.i=@hillaryclinton.com; dmarc=pass (p=NONE dis=NONE) header.from=hillaryclinton.com Received: by mail-ig0-x22b.google.com with SMTP id ni9so19495799igb.1 for <john.podesta@gmail.com>; Thu, 22 Oct 2015 14:49:36 -0700 (PDT) DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=hillaryclinton.com; s=google; h=from:mime-version:references:in-reply-to:date:message-id:subject:to :cc:content-type:content-transfer-encoding; bh=kkQ2jjTD7FmhkEXlIXRK/UB7fHY9uJTKS11a1a0X8GM=; b=a00axB960s8RY9NtOf7U7wUdotazuxtzXm8m93+TXRMNVSGMI7x/1bil7VAQBiTo82 Sz5M2NsnsALj24XqlURsowrAXqhThgtbteab5sZhNmhkfv7UE+3uZ0KdAVp99mwJooKF DWhbRyJEg8x6DqTXjj9PzQ5OlwGovyEqRHKU0= X-Google-DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=1e100.net; s=20130820; h=x-gm-message-state:from:mime-version:references:in-reply-to:date :message-id:subject:to:cc:content-type:content-transfer-encoding; bh=kkQ2jjTD7FmhkEXlIXRK/UB7fHY9uJTKS11a1a0X8GM=; b=BWfKDkalbZiIPqkz6GMS1xw/U4OXKR/w5C2Z0w7ot/GLyJF+tLrInYQWZY5AX9ITgm 52cFsTZHAJp1WowU1PIJhUVmSjn0/7JmEFV4Lbh13uK49EGtqvRgnGeKXjgC/tMkEQ5e ZttXbJ1APxjnZ+LF53A7mqbGZ+PNOU3X3AksFm8mY13qyg6OQQ0Gr+1Gb46Wi9EBX7QY CkjKvBlYfDhMkeiVYZwztSyQCWZ54NE5soQksWPjuYz7UTnQFg091I0rQqkLGjfam0SY 1cqktRGz16mmRSkFVUuC+LMNsdN0vq8cBvQumkmOpsHL4xnD+NJyDGrUeQ7LHIj/dckL PjBg== X-Gm-Message-State: ALoCoQkb5r9SHk+lmnnL30FbB1BT7if6qAc5Axs9Ky62GDNOH7heqKVI73R8wnV0f6oqjATyr39U X-Received: by 10.50.20.3 with SMTP id j3mr659033ige.73.1445550576432; Thu, 22 Oct 2015 14:49:36 -0700 (PDT) From: Huma Abedin <ha16@hillaryclinton.com> Mime-Version: 1.0 (1.0) References: <CAAEwKfyaC8zGSmeO+5QB=yAYjWboY6fWsUwbXVG05bQjKeev=w@mail.gmail.com> In-Reply-To: <CAAEwKfyaC8zGSmeO+5QB=yAYjWboY6fWsUwbXVG05bQjKeev=w@mail.gmail.com> Date: Thu, 22 Oct 2015 17:49:35 -0400 Message-ID: <-8932482411767873746@unknownmsgid> Subject: Re: Post-game statement To: Dan Schwerin <dschwerin@hillaryclinton.com> CC: Jake Sullivan <jsullivan@hillaryclinton.com>, Cheryl Mills <cheryl.mills@gmail.com>, Jennifer Palmieri <jpalmieri@hillaryclinton.com>, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com>, Philippe Reines <pir@hrcoffice.com>, Brian Fallon <bfallon@hillaryclinton.com>, Phil Schiliro <pschiliro@sb-atalaya.com>, "Kendall, David" <DKendall@wc.com> Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8 Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable I would make it shorter only because it's a bank of Mics and no podium. Sent from my iPhone > On Oct 22, 2015, at 5:48 PM, Dan Schwerin <dschwerin@hillaryclinton.com> = wrote: > > What do folks think about this as a post-game statement she could make to= press? > > =E2=80=A2 I came here today to honor the service of four Americans killed= in the line of duty and to contribute in every way I could to learning the= lessons of Benghazi and better protecting our people in the field. That= =E2=80=99s why I answered every question the Committee asked for X hours. > > =E2=80=A2 As I said at the outset, I hoped we would put aside partisanshi= p and reach for statesmanship. After all, our country has a long history o= f bipartisan cooperation on national security. And to sustain our leadersh= ip around the world, we need responsible leadership here at home. > > =E2=80=A2 Unfortunately, that=E2=80=99s not what we saw today. I=E2=80= =99m disappointed that the Committee wasted so much time on questions with = little or no relevance to the attacks in Benghazi or improvements we should= make going forward. Coming on the heels of seven previous Congressional i= nvestigations and a non-partisan Accountability Review Board, it=E2=80=99s = hard to see how today=E2=80=99s hearing added anything to our understanding= of these important issues. > > =E2=80=A2 As this eighth investigation now comes to a close, I think we c= an all agree we=E2=80=99ve seen enough political theater. It=E2=80=99s tim= e for Congress to step up and work with the administration to provide the r= esources and reforms we need to better protect our diplomats and ensure the= United States can continue to be represented in dangerous places. > > =E2=80=A2 I am going to continue making the case for smart American leade= rship in the world and I will always be an advocate for the brave men and w= omen who serve our country.
LYALL HARBOUR -- When neat computer-generated models beloved of corporate efficiency experts encounter the genuine needs of real people, it generally isn't a pretty sight.
And it was anything but pretty Monday night on Saturna Island.
About 250 of the island's 300 inhabitants showed up at the recreation centre. The meeting had to be moved from the community hall because the building was too small. They were there to tell a team of BC Ferries managers what they thought of plans to revamp ferry schedules to increase the operational efficiency of a couple of new ferries.
“Not much,” said farmers, contractors, pub owners, lodge managers, preachers, vintners, chefs, shopkeepers, mechanics, butchers, school superintendents, musicians, nurses, firefighters, garbage truck operators, retirees and people who have lived on the island so long they actually remember life before BC Ferries showed up with its “We're experts and we're here to help” mantra.
Disclosure: I lived on Saturna several decades ago – my daughter still owns the single share acquired as a kid to help capitalize the community general store – and I like the island and its colorful and fiercely independent inhabitants.
Under BC Ferries' plan, intended to “balance demand and capacity with operating efficiencies” (translation: accommodate two expensive new ferries that will enter service in the southern Gulf Islands in 2017), sailing schedules must be revised. Under the proposed schedule, Saturna is to be decoupled from the other Gulf Islands and “paired” with Galiano.
This pairing will sink Saturna's connection to adjacent islands, residents say.
Imagine TransLink making a case for maximizing use of Port Mann Bridge by forcing people in Richmond who need to do business in Surrey to get there via North Vancouver.
And shortened time between key daytime sailings connecting Saturna and Vancouver Island, the main supply centre for off shore communities, would shrink the window for completing business from difficult to near impossible, residents say.
The ferry bureaucrats assured everyone these “tweaks” are only suggestions. Clearly, the community fears they are a fait accompli and such public meetings, ostensibly to obtain feedback, are tinsel and sham permitting BC Ferries to assure the Ferry Commissioner the public has been consulted.
John Gaines, a no-nonsense contractor with 45 years on the island, said his operations were built around the hub system connecting Mayne, Pender and Saturna. An arbitrary “pairing” with Galiano would mean “we lose all of that contact. It doesn't make any sense at all.”
Gaines said under the new schedule time available off island during the business day was so tight that to complete transactions, he would either have to make an extra trip each week or have truck drivers wait for the next ferry, adding five hours to wages, most of it for waiting in a line-up.
“You are not just hurting this community, you are killing it,” he said.
Tom Campbell operates the oldest licensed abattoir in the Southern Gulf Islands, enabling 10 farms on Mayne, Pender and other islands to survive. He said it was a critical service because it minimized the distance livestock had to be transported to slaughter and enabled timely inspection.
Storekeeper Priscilla Ewbank said the changes in scheduling and the routing of traffic through Galiano would render her operations economically non-viable and that closing her general store would remove 16 jobs and $276,000 a year in annual wages from a small community.
John Money said he had lived on the island for 70 years, that his main business contract with B.C. Hydro would be unserviceable and that his heavy equipment would be trapped by a Catch-22 requiring him to have it weighed at Swartz Bay before it could disembark at Galiano but requiring him to go through Galiano so he could get it to Swartz Bay to be weighed.
“This new schedule will finish me,” Money said.
And so it went.
Finally, Eva Hage, head of the Saturna Island Ratepayers and Residents Association, offered some friendly advice to the ferry planners.
“Stop averaging. Your average customer does not live on Saturna. Come to think of it, neither does the average Canadian – you know, the one with one boob and one testicle.”
Ouch.
shume@islandnet.com
Gravity unfortunately got rejected for having a misleading description and we immediately knew why: There are a couple dozen “scale” apps on the app store. The thing is that 80% of them are joke apps, “for entertainment purposes only” and the other 20% try to weigh things using the tilt of your iPhone once it's been balanced on top of an inflated bag and calibrated using a single coin. Gravity was most likely confused with the prank apps and rejected for claiming it was a real working scale.
App developer Ryan McLeod and a few of his friends have been working on a new application for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus since the devices were announced in early September. Their app, dubbed Gravity , would harness the power of 3D Touch, letting users place a spoon onto the face of the iPhone and weigh the measurement of items like powders, drink mixes, and small fruit.Once they got the new iPhones in their hands, the team working with McLeod began calibrating the sensitivity of the weight measurements with a few coins placed on a spoon. Following the launch of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, McLeod and his partners had the app finished in under four days, along with some basic marketing materials, and submitted it to Apple. They were rejected about a week later due to "having a misleading description," which they took to be confused with a handful of fake scale apps on the App Store (via The Verge ).Setting out to clear any confusion, McLeod made a demonstration video of Gravity in action and filed an appeal to ensure Apple that the app was legitimate and not one of a handful of "joke" apps found on the App Store. In the end, McLeod was told over the phone by Apple that "the concept of a scale app was not appropriate for the App Store."The developer weighed a few options for the possibility of Apple's rejection of the app. The first was the possibility of damage to the iPhone, which would be difficult for the average person since the API for Gravity (and 3D Touch) limits the weight accepted onto the iPhone to ~385g (0.85lbs), the app flashing a bright red light when exceeding that force. McLeod also suggests the app's advantageous use of 3D Touch is simply too early to be widely accepted, not to mention the possible negative connotation with drug use and measurement that could be associated with the app.McLeod and his team said they have a "strong respect" for Apple's selection and rejection process on the App Store, but still remain positive that one day when 3D Touch apps become a bit more widespread, Gravity could be revisited as a potential candidate to "be one of the hand-picked, who-knew-a-phone-could-do-that-apps anyone can download on the App Store and have in their pocket." For now, he's back to working on the iOS puzzle game Blackbox Check out McLeod's entire post on the creation and rejection of Gravity on Medium
Grand Cru is announcing today it has raised $2 million in seed funding to build an online adventure game called Supernauts.
The company is entering a crowded field, but Grand Cru chief executive Markus Pasula said in an interview with VentureBeat that the company is trying to bring online entertainment into a more modern, cross-platform environment. Supernauts is the first in a series of games.
“We didn't think any of the popular social games were very fun,” Pasula said. “The timing is perfect for doing something technically more advanced.”
Harri Granholm, creative director at Grand Cru, said, “It's frustrating to look at the current state of social games when you know what's possible in true multiplayer environments. We saw a huge opportunity there and set out to do it right. We want everybody to stop clicking cows and start sharing adventures and make things together. We think people are ready to try something more interesting.” Supernauts is a persistent virtual world sandbox game where players can create their own puzzles, games, and hideouts.
The money for the Helsinki-based startup comes from Idinvest Partners and Playdom co-founder Rick Thompson, who has backed a number of social and mobile game startups recently.
The game is about superheroes, but it is non-violent, which means it will appeal to younger age groups. The superheroes go around the city solving problems. The title will debut simultaneously on mobile devices, the web, and Facebook. To be a true modern game, a title has to be available on the platforms where users want to play it, Pasula said.
Grand Cru was founded in May 2011 and has 11 employees. It's headquartered in the bohemian district of Helsinki called Kallio, which has the most bars per capita in Finland. Rivals include Sony/Media Molecule (maker of Little Big Planet), Zynga (CityVille), Sulake (Habbo), Mojang (Minecraft), Roblox, and others.
Players will be able to create their own superhero or heroine and use a “zapper” to build or destroy environments block by block. They can create unique content such as virtual hideouts together. And they will be able to move to a new platform and pick up where they left off.
Pasula said the game has the same world-building features that make Minecraft so addictive, the user-generated content that makes Little Big Planet fun, real-time multiplayer, and a very approachable art style. The world is persistent and can be accessed via a web browser, from Facebook, and from mobile devices. For technology, Grand Cru is using the Unity 3D game engine on a custom C# server for the cloud.
The company's original backer was Lifeline Ventures, which inveted in 2011. Guillaume Lautour of Idinvest Partners led the latest round. Other investors include Thompson; Nicolas Beraud, founder of Betclic; Anil Hansjee, former head of mergers and acquisitions for Google EMEA; and Henric Suuronen, former studio head of Wooga games. Finland's public funding programs TEKES and the Nordic Game Program also provided support. Pasula said he was happy about how the funding came together.
Lautour said that Idinvest is actively looking to fund game studios in Nordic countries because of the well-known talent pool there. He heard from game industry veterans about Grand Cru and decided to reach out to them because of their reputation. He saw their demo at the time and considered it to be “really stunning” for a four-month effort. He said the technology choices made by the team were good.
Five of the founders, including Pasula, previously worked at Mr. Goodliving, a Finnish game developer, for more than six years. Real Networks, which owned the studio, closed it in 2011. Mikko Wilkman from Sulake, maker of Habbo, joined the crew to form the new venture. They got funding before they had a PowerPoint deck ready. The team conducted a lot of focus tests to find out what players really wanted in creating their own spaces within games.
Supernauts is expected to launch later this year on the web, iOS, and Android. Pasula said that he is very excited about tablet platforms such as the new iPad.
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
GamesBeat 2012 is VentureBeat's fourth annual conference on disruption in the video game market. This year we're calling on speakers from the hottest mobile, social, PC, and console companies to debate new ways to stay on pace with changing consumer tastes and platforms. Join 500+ execs, investors, analysts, entrepreneurs, and press as we explore the gaming industry's latest trends and newest monetization opportunities. The event takes place July 10-11 in San Francisco, and you can get your early-bird tickets here.
The Homeland Security Department has asserted authority under federal immigration law to waive compliance with environmental protection statutes because 23 kilometres of existing fencing near San Diego is “no longer optimal for border patrol operations.”
Environmentalists suing to block U.S. President Donald Trump from constructing a wall along the Mexican border say the project would imperil endangered species including the Quino checkerspot butterfly and the Mexican flannel bush.
Defenders of Wildlife, the Animal Legal Defense Fund, the Sierra Club and the Center for Biological Diversity argued in court filings this week that the Trump administration's attempts to sidestep the National Environmental Policy Act and the Endangered Species Act are unconstitutional.
A hearing over the dispute is set for February before U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, whom Trump scorned during the presidential campaign over the San Diego jurist's handling of the Trump University fraud litigation. Trump attacked Curiel as being biased against him because of his Mexican heritage, saying the Indiana-born judge had issued rulings against him as retribution for his pledge to build a wall between the U.S. and its neighbour to the south.
Read more:
A recent study by a conservative think tank found that raising the state minimum wage to $15 an hour would cost Michigan the equivalent of 281,000 full-time jobs in 2021.
The wage raise would directly affect 37.4 percent of wage and salary workers in Michigan, said the study, which was conducted by the Washington, D.C.-based Heritage Foundation.
The study, titled “How $15-per-Hour Minimum Starting Wages Would Affect Each State,” also looked at the effect of raising the federal minimum wage, which covers fewer jobs than the state law. Raising the federal wage to $15 an hour would lead to an estimated loss of 223,000 full-time jobs in 2021. The federal wage raise would directly affect 36.6 percent of wage and salary workers in the state.
An estimated 9 million jobs would be lost nationally due to state minimum-wage hikes, the study found.
The study also showed that full-time-equivalent employment would be lost in every state, whether the mandate increases came from state or federal governments.
Several cities including Washington, D.C., Los Angeles, and Seattle have already raised their minimum wage to $15. California and New York recently passed bills that will raise wages in the years to come.
An increase in the minimum wage “would result in many states losing hundreds of thousands of jobs and would considerably curtail employment opportunities, especially for less-skilled workers,” wrote James Sherk, the study's author.
“Efforts to create jobs and reduce poverty should not center on forcing employers to pay higher starting wages,” the study concluded.
The study used data from the National Bureau of Economic Research.
There have been recent efforts to increase the minimum wage in Michigan. In 2015, Sen. Bert Johnson, D-Highland Park, introduced Senate Bill 391, which would gradually raise the state's minimum wage to $15 by 2018.
The bill died in a House committee and Johnson did not respond to a request for comment.
Michael LaFaive, the fiscal policy director at the Mackinac Center for Public Policy, said with an artificially higher price of employment, fewer people will be employed.
“The only real minimum wage is zero, which is what many low-wage people will start making if a $15 per-hour minimum is adopted,” he said. “The reason is simple. There is an inverse relationship between the price of just about everything and the quantity demanded of it. If governments raise the price of employment, fewer people will find themselves employed.”
“Low-wage jobs are often the first rung on the economic ladder of success, not a person's last stop,” LaFaive added. “Take that first rung away and it is hard for people to get the job experience that they need to earn higher wages on their own account.”
A 2014 analysis by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said that raising the minimum wage to $10.10 by 2016 “would reduce total employment by about 500,000 workers.”
“Fight for $15,” a national organization that engages campaigns for higher wages and union rights, did not reply to a request for comment.
The Michigan Restaurant Association, an organization that lobbies for the restaurant industry and in the past has opposed minimum wage raises, agreed with the study's findings.
“The study gives credence to the off-used term 'too much, too fast,'” said Justin Winslow, president of the Michigan Restaurant Association. “The restaurateurs across the country have been saying about a $15 minimum wage that it's a shock to the system that restaurant owners working on tight margins simply can't adapt to. They don't have the flexibility to adapt to that much of a shock to the system, and therefore [an increase] puts people out of work and sometimes puts businesses out of business.”
Winslow continued: “And frankly it [$15 minimum wage raise] goes out of its way to disproportionately hurt those people seeking it and getting their first opportunity, their first job.” The increase, he continued “puts them out of the workforce as a direct result, which goes counter to I think what the other side's aim and intentions are.”
The Ford Transit has become synonymous with both the Ford brand, Europe and the word ‘Van' in general. It's a timeless design moulding simplicity with efficiency and practicality but did you know that 2015 will mark the 50th year of Transit production? Here at Vaughan Dent we thought we'd draft a small retrospective in honour of all the hard work this hardy vehicle has provided us over the years. We wouldn't be here today without it!
The Transit was initially crafted as a cargo van as a result of an icy collaborative project between Ford of Britain and Ford of Germany who at the time were frequently locking horns. The van was actually produced in Ford's Langley production base which itself had a strong historical background in vechicle production including the Spitfire. Production has since moved around the UK many times but unfortunately as of 2013 is now solely produced in Turkey due to a business reshuffle in order to save costs by Ford. The closure of the Swaythling, Southampton factory where 40 years of Ford production took place was a great loss for many.
The Ford Transit is currently in its sixth generation with many facelifts and redesigns having taken place within these generational shifts. The Transit Mark I was introduced October 1965 with an Essex V4 petrol engine available in 1.7 and 2.0L models. A diesel version was also available. The Mark I was very popular and unfortunately also made a great getaway vehicle with a 1970s police report stating 95% of all robberies involving a vehicle used this model. The Mark II followed with cosmetic changes to the nose section in 1978 but the most recognisable change came with the Mark III in 1986, this was arguably the definitive design and proved so popular that production ran until 2000. A facelift to keep the Mark III aesthetically in date was also launched in 1995 with a new nose and dashboard.
You'll be familiar with the fourth generation no doubt; another long running model that only ceased production in 2013. Speed, efficiency, space, a five-cylinder engine and a 2001 award for International Van of the Year but hey, Ford have topped it once again with their current generational leap. A first for the Transit family, the current model was in fact an internationally designed vehicle in a collaborative effort between Ford of Europe and Ford of North America. The car has taken design cues from other successful Ford models like the Focus and between them they have created an altogether superior, sleeker model.
For more news and information from Vaughan Dent please like and follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
Advertisements
Katie Holmes is known for her adventurous style, but this unusual look was for her new role.
The stunning 36-year-old actress has been given a movie makeover in order to represent her new character in the upcoming drama All We Had, but it's fair to say she didn't quite look like her usual self.
Wearing a super-short and figure-hugging denim mini dress, the star battled with its tiny hemline as she filmed a scene at a Walmart store in Queens, New York on Tuesday.
Scroll down for video
Daredevil denim: Katie Holmes got into character on the set of All We Had in Queens, New York on Tuesday, but she appeared to have a spot of bother with the super-short length of her denim mini dress
Although she managed to wear her eye-wateringly short and revealing strapless dress with ease thanks to her tall, slim figure and shapely limbs, she did struggle somewhat with the dangerous length of the skirt.
The willowy star - who plays a single mother in the film, which is also her feature directorial debut - battled as she walked across the car park, tugging at the skirt, which revealed pretty much every inch of her legs.
With a zip down the front and an acid-wash style, it was certainly a daring look for the usually-conservative star.
Leggy display! As she stepped into a local branch of Walmart for filming, Katie almost flashed too much
New look: The usually-polished actress looked a world away from her normal self as she donned the tiny little dress and rocked an overall dishevelled appearance for her role as a struggling single mother
Almost! As she bent forward to look at some plants, Katie's backside was almost on show
For part of the scene, she tied a black and red checked shirt around her slender waistline, while finishing off her character's relatively daring daytime look witih a pair of flat embellished sandals.
And, as she bent forward before making her entrance into the shop, the former Dawson's Creek actress almost revealed too much of her derriere as the denim mini slid high up the backs of her thighs.
Adding to the general down-and-out look of her character, Katie's brunette locks were worn half-up in a scruffy style, and her make-up was suitably applied to give her a dishevelled appearance.
Her character also notably has a tooth missing, a defining feature that was visible on the pretty star as she walked through the supermarket with a shopping cart.
Inside the shop, she showed off a hungry grin while looking for food in the busy aisles.
The toothless, lopsided grin did its job and caught the eye as Katie loaded up the cart with Cheetos, cleaning supplies and other items.
Katie looked to be getting well and truly stuck into her role, and her gauntness and visible weakness certainly wrung the heart.
Then again, she is playing a poor mom who must support her 13-year-old daughter by herself.
She's got the pins for it! Luckily, Katie is the owner of some fantastic legs, so revealing too much wasn't such an issue
Eye-watering length: The star bent down in her cropped dress, her pert derriere all-but being revealed for the cast and crew
Struggling? The 36-year-old actress kept tugging on the super-short hemline to protect her modesty in-between takes
Lovely legs: Thanks to her enviably willowy frame, the actress - who is also directing the film - pulled off the tiny figure-hugging garment with relative ease
Fashion faux-pas: Katie really seemed to have a hard time keeping her costume in place on the set
Tug of war! As she stepped across the parking lot, the former Dawson's Creek star look set on covering her legs as she pulled on the denim
Push! Despite her character clearly struggling, she made the shopping trip fun for her on-screen daughter Ruthie, played by Stefania Owen
Leggy in denim: Katie was outfitted in a zip-up denim mini-dress which she tied a checked shirt around her waist at times as she filmed the scene
Down and out: Katie looked a world away from her normal polished self on set
The ex-wife of Tom Cruise plays the role of Rita Carmichael, a single mother struggling to get by in the wake of the 2008 financial collapse.
Stefania Owen, who plays Katie's daughter Ruthie in the movie, was also seen acting out a scene with Katie who appeared to be rolling her eyes over what the younger actress had to say.
Later in the day, the star's look was changed up to a slightly less revealing ensemble.
For another scene, the star/director was dressed in a pair of floral leggings with a brown flannelette shirt, which hung loosely on her.
Katie appeared rather tired which was no doubt a combination of her character's make-up and the fact she is also directing the film, juggling her on-screen and off-screen duties accordingly.
Hungry AND toothless: Katie stepped into the store, looking decidedly hungry and flashing her missing tooth, a trick of movie make-up magic
Drained: The actress plays a poor single mother who suffers in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis
Say what: Dishevelled Katie and her on-screen daughter acted out a scene in the aisles
Good casting: Katie and her on-screen daughter even share the same gait
Time to rest: Katie took the weight off her weary feet as she sat at a table
Walking gaunt: The actress really went through quite a transformation to change her looks for the dramatic role including a shorter 'do, which was accordingly scruffy for the day of filming
Wringing hearts: Katie really did look like a poor, hungry, toothless struggling mother
Quick change: Later in the day, the star's look was changed up to a slightly less revealing ensemble
Covered up: For another scene, the star/director was dressed in a pair of floral leggings with a brown flannelette shirt, which hung loosely on her
Hard work: Katie appeared rather tired which was no doubt a combination of her character's make-up and the fact she is also directing the film
All We Had is based on the novel by Annie Weatherwax, and Katie liked it so much that she optioned it last year in order to bring it to the big screen.
The coming-of-age story, set during the worldwide financial crisis of 2008, follows the mother and daughter as they move to the small town of Grand River, Ohio, as reported by Deadline.com.
The script has been penned by The Fault in Our Stars director Josh Boone, and the movie will be produced by Jane Rosenthal and Berry Walsh through Tribeca Productions.
Passion project: All We Had is based on the novel by Annie Weatherwax, and Katie liked it so much that she optioned it last year in order to bring it to the big screen
Getting into character: The actress has immersed herself completely into the part
Necessities: Katie's character moves with her teenager daughter to a small town of Grand River, Ohio to begin a new life
Multitasker: The actress is also directing the drama and serving as executive producer
Also on Katie's plate is the Reelz miniseries The Kennedys: After Camelot, a follow-up to 2011's The Kennedys.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, Katie will star as Jackie Kennedy and direct one of the series' four episodes, as well as executive produce.
Jon Cassar, who directed all eight episodes of The Kennedys will direct the other three episodes of The Kennedys: After Camelot.
Predator drones operated by Customs and Border Protection.
On our border with Mexico, both drug smugglers and the CBP use them.
As multi-billion-dollar international conglomerates intent on smuggling drugs, people, and other contraband across America's southern border, drug cartels are always looking for the newest and best technology to help move their product. And the smugglers have come a long way from the days when border tunnels and small private planes were state-of-the-art. Their latest innovation: drones.
Advertisement
Drones by definition do not need an on-board pilot. This means that drones can be far smaller than manned aircraft — and that in the case of a crash, there is no one on board to be killed, or captured and interrogated.
A recent incident on the Mexican side of the United States' southern border has shed new light on how drones are being used by both sides in the War on Drugs. Late last month a drone overloaded with meth crash-landed in a supermarket parking lot in Tijuana, Mexico, less than half a mile from the border, and was recovered by Mexican law-enforcement officials. The drone's existence provides a rare glimpse of the constantly evolving tactics of transnational smugglers, and it also raises questions about the U.S. federal government's surveillance of the border. The U.S. law-enforcement agencies in charge of policing the border claim to be ready for any threat posed by drones. But they also operate a poorly managed drone program of their own that has drawn heavy criticism from the Department of Homeland Security's inspector general.
Special Agent Matt Barden of the Drug Enforcement Agency says the DEA does not take the proliferation of drones lightly; along with its counterparts in Mexico, the agency is studying the crashed-drone incident. However, Barden adds that this is not the first time the DEA has discovered that drones have been used to move drugs undetected. “This is something that's not new,” he explains. “We've heard about this, but more prominently with people trying to get a small amount of drugs or contraband into a prison or some confines of a locked or guarded facility — trying to get stuff in or out.”
Advertisement
The biggest concerns about cartel-operated drones, Barden says, have nothing to do with the actual movements of drugs. “Is it a good way to get some dope out of the woods or out of the jungle to a waiting car or vehicle? Yeah,” Barden says. “Better yet, to me personally, is it a better way to perform surveillance on law enforcement? Absolutely. That scares me a whole lot more than does the smuggling aspect of it.” He adds that if DEA agents encountered drones that could expose a confidential mission or jeopardize their safety, the agents would use discretion but would bring the drones down as swiftly as possible.
Advertisement
The U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency, on the other hand, is downplaying concerns about the potential for growing use of unmanned aircraft at the border. “To date, U.S. Customs and Border Protection has not intercepted any drones smuggling narcotics across the borders into the United States,” CBP spokesman Carlos Lazo said in a statement. “In collaboration with our federal, state, local and international law enforcement partners, CBP remains vigilant against emerging trends and ever-changing tactics employed by transnational criminal organizations behind illegal attempts to smuggle narcotics into the U.S.”
Advertisement
Outwardly, the Border Patrol appears to be ready for drone-powered drug smugglers. Border Patrol agents would not comment on the counter-measures the agency might employ to combat drones that are threatening its agents or being used in the commission of crimes. But the Border Patrol has an arsenal of drones of its own. The agency's Unmanned Aircraft System has a fleet of nine Predator B drones that can fly for 20 hours straight and travel at speeds up to 276 miles per hour to help secure the nation's border. Predator B drones, which are also used by the military, are much more sophisticated and powerful than the drone that crashed in Mexico. The drug-smuggling drone was much smaller, slower, and less durable than the top-dollar equipment paid for by American taxpayers.
But while, on its face, the Border Patrol's drone program gives the agency a firm technological advantage over the cartels, DHS's inspector general recently concluded that the program has been poorly managed for several years. Near the end of last year, the IG issued a report saying that the Border Patrol could not prove that its program was effective, because the agency had failed over the last eight years to develop performance measures. The report revealed that the program cost nearly $10,000 more per hour of flying time than DHS claimed and that, while the Predator B drones were expected to fly over the border 16 hours a day, 365 days a year, the aircraft were actually airborne just over 3.5 hours a day on average. The Border Patrol agreed with the IG's conclusions and recommendations in principle, but then issued its own report disagreeing with the findings.
Advertisement
Advertisement
When drones become the subject of bad news, as with the crash in Tijuana, the fledgling commercial drone industry suffers. Brendan Schulman, an attorney who leads the commercial-drone division of the New York–based law firm of Kramer Levin, says he is worried that misconceptions about drones could lead to stifling regulations.
Advertisement
“The use of drones by criminal enterprises is still a relatively new phenomenon, so while we've read the occasional story about drugs at the border or contraband being dropped behind prison walls, I think it's still an unusual way to try to deliver contraband,” Schulman says. “This is still the early days of civilian drone technology and . . . what I hope we don't see on a federal level is an overreaction.”
Advertisement
How federal and local law-enforcement officers plan to incorporate drones into their daily activities remains to be seen, but drone technology appears poised to become an integral part of protecting the nation's borders — if the Border Patrol cleans up its act.
— Ryan Lovelace is a William F. Buckley Jr. Fellow at National Review.
ONITSHA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Gunmen in Nigeria's restive southern Niger Delta region, which has been hit by a series of militant attacks on energy facilities since the start of the year, have kidnapped 14 local oil workers and their driver, police said on Saturday.
Kidnapping for ransom is a common problem in some parts of Nigeria and the southern Delta energy hub has seen an increase in crime since the start of attacks by militants calling for more oil wealth to go to the impoverished region.
The abduction took place on a road connecting the towns of Omoku and Elele, around 50 km (30 miles) from the city of Port Harcourt, Rivers state, in the early hours of Friday as the employees of Nigerian energy company Nestoil traveled to work, police said.
“We have recovered the vehicle they were traveling in before the incident occurred. Police are currently combing bushes around the area in a bid to find and release the victims,” said Nnamdi Omoni of Rivers state police.
“I do not think there was a foreigner among those kidnapped. Their abductors have not made any contact and nobody has been arrested yet,” added Nnamdi.
A spokesman for Nestoil could not immediately be reached.
Do NASCAR Race Contribute To Motorists' Wrecks?
New research indicates that five days after major NASCAR races, there is a measurable increase in traffic accidents caused by aggressive driving.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
As NASCAR fans know well, this year's Daytona 500 race was marked by rain delays and a massive explosion when a race car collided with a jet dryer truck. The race was supposed to be run on Sunday, but after all the delays, it got done early Tuesday morning.
We want to tell you about some new psychological research now that suggests the race might still not be over for some viewers. It's possible, according to this new research, that people who watch a NASCAR race go out on the roads themselves and drive more recklessly. NPR's Shankar Vedantam joins MORNING EDITION regularly to talk about interesting social science research. And Shankar, welcome.
SHANKAR VEDANTAM, BYLINE: Hi, David. Thanks for having me.
GREENE: So what is this research?
VEDANTAM: So this is work done by a psychologist called Guy Vitaglione. He's at the West Virginia University Institute of Technology, and he looked at all the traffic accidents that took place in West Virginia over a four year period, and then he tried to find the kinds of accidents that mimic what happened on a race track, where there are multiple cars or where the police officer on the scene lists the cause of the accident as aggressive driving.
And he finds that five days after major NASCAR races, there is a spike in traffic accidents. And he did a whole bunch of controls to make sure he was being as conservative as possible, and over a four year period he's found 650 extra accidents on West Virginia roads that he believes are caused by people essentially acting out NASCAR in their own driving.
GREENE: Now, let's hang on a second. I mean most people watching a NASCAR race on TV clearly know that it's a race. They know they can't drive the same way as a professional race car driver. I mean, is this researcher saying that people can't distinguish between what they're watching on TV and their own driving?
VEDANTAM: No, I don't think that's what he's saying. He's actually coming out of a large body of social science research looking at media effects in general, so when there's a highly publicized suicide in a community, people often find there's measurable increase in suicides in that community afterwards. So what the media covers seem to have a powerful effect in helping people shape their own behavior.
Vitaglione is saying the same thing might be happening in the NASCAR races. Here he is.
DR. GUY VITAGLIONE: There is the conscious awareness that I'm watching a NASCAR race, I'm not actually in a NASCAR race, and tomorrow when I drive to work I'm still not in a NASCAR race. But that understanding does not take away from the impact that mass media exposure is going to have on the way you think and the way you feel and what you actually do.
VEDANTAM: So, you know, I want to point out, David, that the effect that Vitaglione's finding is not necessarily a huge effect, but if you have 650 accidents in this one small state over a four-year period, how many accidents are we seeing nationwide?
GREENE: Let's try to pick apart this research a little bit. I mean we have a spike in accidents on the fifth day after a NASCAR race was run.
VEDANTAM: Exactly.
GREENE: Why five days, not two days, not three days?
VEDANTAM: You know, so this is a big question. He actually doesn't know the answer to that question. I mean, one possibility is that NASCAR races typically are run on Friday, Saturday, and Sundays, and five days after the NASCAR race, you know, you're heading into the next weekend. Maybe it's a Friday. Maybe people...
GREENE: More people are on the road going on vacation for the weekend...
VEDANTAM: Possibly. I mean the short answer is we don't know. There's speculation, but we don't really know why it's five days.
GREENE: Do we know anything about the people involved in the accidents, whether they're young, old, NASCAR fans?
VEDANTAM: You know, we actually don't know exactly the profile of who gets involved in these accidents. Now, Vitaglione things that there isn't a demographic profile, that it's not necessarily, for example, young men who are getting involved in these crashes. But he thinks they may be a psychological profile about the kind of person who watches this race and is then influenced by it. Here he is again.
VITAGLIONE: They are rooting for someone. They want someone to win or they want someone else to lose, and so there's that vicarious involvement in the outcomes of these competitions. So there's that role of personal identification with the people that you're watching that I think has an especially strong effect on an individual's likelihood to engage in that behavior himself or herself.
GREENE: OK. So interesting research, a lot of questions about it, but if we take the premise, I mean if people who watch NASCAR races actually go out and drive more recklessly, what can be done about it?
VEDANTAM: You know, this effect is likely happening because people aren't realizing what they're doing. They aren't realizing that they are unconsciously internalizing what they see on NASCAR on television to their own driving behavior, and so doing what you and I are doing right now, which is making this unconscious process conscious, may itself have a salutary effect.
GREENE: Shankar, thanks so much.
VEDANTAM: Thanks so much, David.
GREENE: That's NPR's science correspondent Shankar Vedantam. He joins us regularly to talk about trends in social science research, and you can give him ideas and feedback on Twitter @hiddenbrain. And while you're at it, you can follow this program @morningedition.
Copyright © 2012 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The Vancouver Canucks are in the midst of one of the worst seasons in their 45-year history, and while many are satisfied with the high draft pick that it will undoubtedly yield, others are looking for something to blame. So what about all those injuries?
The Canucks have spent large swaths of the season dealing with injuries to major parts of their lineup. How much are those injuries responsible for, and where could the Canucks be without them?
The Canucks weren't a contending team to begin with, but whether they could compete for the playoffs is another story entirely. One thing we do know: the Canucks were not a deep enough team to survive a series of major injuries; they needed pretty much everything to go right to even have a shot at a wildcard spot.
Things haven't on the injury front and high-draft pick aside the results have been catastrophic.
Games Lost and Impact
According to Man-Games Lost, a website that tracks sports injuries and the effect they have on their teams, the Canucks have felt the second highest impact in the NHL in terms of injuries to forwards and defencemen.
As the Y-axis alluded to, the Canucks are terrible – only the hated Toronto Maple Leafs are on par with them in terms of wins. Their number of man-games lost to injury is staggering in and of itself, but it's missing context in the sense that it doesn't account for the quality of the player's lost.
Going purely on games lost paints a misleading picture. Take Arizona for example, who has lost 294 man-games to injury (MGL), sixth-most in the league, and just above Vancouver, who comes in at seventh with 277 MGL. However, 74 of those games belong to Chris Pronger, who hasn't played a game in four and a half years and is only on Arizona's roster because of a hilarious cap-driven trade with Philadelphia last summer. Without Pronger's games, Arizona would be down to 220, which would drop them to 15th.
Another 69 games belong to Joe Vitale, who's played for six minutes this season. Boyd Gordon and Steve Downie, a pair of bottom six players, have missed 17 and 12 games respectively. Their most serious loss among skaters has been Martin Hanzal, who missed 13 games earlier in the year.
Because of oddities like these, ManGamesLost takes into account player usage to determine the impact losing a player would have on a team. The metric IIT-skater (Injury Impact to Team by Skaters) multiplies man games lost by average TOI and adjusted for individual and team games played, producing a number that takes usage into account.
By this measure, the Canucks are among those in the league most impacted by injury.
The reason for Vancouver's “impressive” numbers in this category is obvious: many of their big-minute players have missed large chunks of the season. As of Saturday, when these calculations were last updated, the Canucks had lost 22 games of Alex Edler (24.45 minutes/game), 10 games of Chris Tanev (21.88), and 24 games of Dan Hamhuis (21.22). That's significant time lost for their top three defencemen, and their top forwards have had their struggles as well. Henrik Sedin has missed eight games, while averaging a team-high 18.37 minutes per game while healthy, while they've also lost 54 games from Brandon Sutter and 15 games from Jannik Hansen, who have averaged 17.98 and 16.32 minutes per game in the time they've managed to play.
It's easy to see why Vancouver's IIT-skater is so high, but once again there are issues with this measure. Namely, it doesn't account for players who are improperly used. Players who are getting more ice time than they rightfully should be, or perhaps players who shouldn't even be in the NHL at all, can skew a team's numbers and make their injuries issues appear worse than they actually are.
For this issue, ManGamesLost created the IIT-cfrel stat, which uses a player's CorsiFor Relative percentage (CFrel%) instead of average TOI in its calculation. The number represents the overall raw relative Corsi differential created by the missing man-games. The lower the number, the worse the differential of the missing players. In other words, a higher number would indicate that the missing players were more impactful in terms of possession numbers.
Using this metric, the Canucks flip to the opposite end of the scale:
Taken without context, this table would suggest that the Canucks have actually been blessed to lose the players they've lost for the time they've been gone, rather than cursed.
But again, context is vitally important.
Many of the players that have missed large chunks of time were suffering from poor possession stats this season, but that does not always necessarily mean that they had little worth to the team, or even that they were bad at all.
Consider the following table, which uses data from ManGamesLost and is sorted by IIT-cfrel:
As with the team chart, the IIT-cfrel column on the far right is the sum total of relative Corsi differentials created by amount of games lost due to injury based on the per game average while healthy. I'm sure there are no surprised faces at the bottom two names on the chart, Luca Sbisa and Brandon Prust, are generally considered to be dead weight in terms of possession play.
Move up the list however and questions begin to arise. Third last on the team, and IIT-cfrel of -86.57 is Alex Edler, the team's topish defenceman. These numbers would indicate that the Canucks should be quite a bit better without Alex Edler and his -5.6 CFrel%. Each game, the team is out-attempted a little bit more while Edler is on the ice relative to when he isn't on the ice, and over the course of the 22 games he has missed, that would add up to quite the imbalance in possession.
There are similar situations for players like Radim Vrbata (IIT-cfrel of -45.89), Ben Hutton (-42.46), Jannik Hansen (-21.53), and Sven Baertschi (-13.91), all of whom we've come to accept as good, useful players. Surely a team dressing Edler, Hutton, Vrbata, Hansen and Baertschi is better than a team without them?
The answer where the Canucks are concerned is of course an emphatic yes, and therein lies the issue: it all depends on who is replacing the missing players.
Injuries on Defence
It was apparent early in the season that the Canucks were going to have issues with depth, especially on defence. A combined 89 lost games between Edler, Tanev, Hamhuis and Sbisa has forced depth players to to play too much, too often.
One such example is Alex Biega, who the Canucks have been forced to play 45 times as a result of long term injuries. Alex Biega is a solid eighth defenceman – the first one you call up from the minors to step in and play bottom pairing minutes for a handful of games, like he did in 2014-15. Much of the fanbase (myself included) became infatuated with Biega's tireless work ethic and aggressive style of play, features that had earned him the nickname “Bulldog” in Utica.
Once he became an everyday NHLer though, Biega became subjected to the same level of scrutiny applied to his NHL peers. As a regular fixture in the Canucks top six, he leaves a fair bit to be desired. His 46.0 per cent CorsiFor percentage (CF%) ranks 194th out of 232 NHL defencemen with at least 200 even strength minutes played this season, according to stats.hockeyanalysis.com. Even worse is his Goals For percentage (GF%) of 40.5 per cent, which ranks 210th among the same group of defencemen.
Players that routinely get buried in both shot attempts and goals should not be relied upon to carry a heavy load on your blueline, yet the Canucks have had to play him over 20 minutes per game a handful of times and over 18 minutes many other times. Among regular Canucks defencemen, only Yannick Weber and Matt Bartkowski get scored on at a higher rate per 60 minutes of 5-on-5 time.
Speaking of Bartkowski, he's another player that is getting more minutes than he rightfully should be. I've written recently on how Bartkowski routinely drags each of his defence partners down, and the problem is as bad as ever. After being a frequent healthy scratch last year in Boston, Bartkowski has played in all but one game for the Canucks this season, and all year he has been making players around him look bad by dragging down their on-ice statistics.
Luca Sbisa presents a slightly different problem. After being a whipping boy for Canucks fans in his first season with the team, Sbisa has missed huge chunks of this season with injury. However, when healthy, his numbers have actually showed incremental improvements from last season. A potential reason for his improvement is the limitation of his minutes – Sbisa seems to maintain his focus better while playing smaller role.
Of course, injuries to key players force him to take on a larger role, which can in turn lead to more mistakes. The following chart demonstrates how Sbisa's ice time and Corsi For percentage have somewhat of an inverse relationship.
Sbisa's usefulness may in fact increase, but it is unlikely to do so if he is overtaxed by minutes and responsibilities that are beyond his ability to handle.
Finally, and this is the damning blow, the loss of major pieces forces the team to dress numerous under-qualified players at the same time, such as when rookies Andrey Pedan and Nikita Tryamkin and depth players Alex Biega and Matt Bartkowski were all in the same lineup while rookie Ben Hutton had to play well over 20 minutes a night 70 games into a season. That is a recipe for disaster.
Injuries at Forward
The situation at forward hasn't been much better. Brandon Sutter was penciled in as the second line centre heading into training camp, and although he may have been oversold in that role, there is no doubt that his loss has put far too much strain on the only centres – especially Bo Horvat.
Horvat has struggled in his sophomore season in many ways, and although he has come around offensively, he is still being shredded defensively and lagging in all manner of underlying statistics. Heis possession statistics are consistently below the team average on a team that is consistently below the league average.
The Sutter injuries may have been the most debilitating occurrences for the Canucks this season, but Henrik Sedin's injury is not far behind. While the captain has only missed eight games this season, he has played many more while hurt, including games in which he is unable to take faceoffs, or even unable to sit down on the bench between shifts. It's been suspected for quite a while that the injury was to his back or hip, and it has affected him in plenty of ways.
Meanwhile, Daniel Sedin is struggling as well. It appears that he has his own back injury, having left a practice recently, but is managing to play through it. Combined with Henrik's injury though, the Sedins have found themselves falling off a cliff in terms of production. It's not hard to see where it went wrong for them.
Injuries to these central players, as well as others like Vrbata, Hansen, and Chris Higgins have forced the Canucks to give big minutes to fringe players like Linden Vey and Emerson Etem, as well as abandon their coddling of Jared McCann, who has looked severely over-matched down the stretch. Some games have involved piles of rookies playing at once, with Brendan Gaunce and Alex Grenier trying to showcase themselves on a team that can't hold its head above water.
Conclusions
There is no doubt that the Canucks have been sunk in large part due to injuries this season. There is likely a bit of truth to the notion that they would have been in contention for a playoff spot if everyone had remained healthy. However, this isn't a conclusion that should make the Canucks' brass feel any better about it self – it just exposes other problems.
First, in order to stick in the wild card race, the Canucks would have needed everything to go right this season. This is a foolish notion. Not only do injuries happen to every team every season, but they seem to hit the Canucks extra hard each year. Perhaps it is a result of the travel associated with playing out of the Pacific Northwest, or maybe it's just the curse of this organization. Whatever the case may be, relying on a lineup to remain healthy all year long is an ill-conceived plan.
Secondly, even with a fully healthy team, the roster is not good enough to do anything but compete for a final playoff spot, where they will be subsequently paired off with one of the conference's powerhouses. I'm inclined to agree with the notion that playoff experience aids in the development of young players, but the unfortunate reality is that this league (like many others) rewards failure – the elite players will go to the worst teams at the draft after the season, while the teams that just missed out on the playoffs get stuck in the mud.
Thirdly, the fact that the Canucks went from potential playoff hopefuls to the dredges of the league shows just how bad their depth was this season, as well as how far their young players are from being capable of making noticeable impacts. Not only are call-ups forced to come into a bad situation, but low minute defenders are forced to take on huge roles.
Finally, the results that the Canucks are receiving at this point in the season are frankly embarrassing, even by a team as ravished by injury as this one. As the losses continue to mount, there has to be increased pressure on the coaching staff. Management has backed up Willie Desjardins numerous times and stated that they will “stay the course”, but I believe that's a mistake. Even with a depleted lineup, a team that is getting solid goaltending each and every night and is deploying the Sedin twins should be able to win at least once in a nine game span, and they should certainly score more than eight goals in that time. At some point, a large portion of the blame for this losing streak has to shift to the coaching staff.
If there are positives to be found, it is that the Canucks are not nearly as bad as they appear to be. Without league-leading injury impact, players could have continued to develop while nestled into appropriate roles. Next season will bring changes, including new players like Anton Rodin, Philip Larsen, and a potential top three pick, as well as steps forward in development by their rookies and young core. With a couple of augmentations and some better coaching, the Canucks should once again be in a position to hunt for a playoff spot if everything goes right. Of course, if they don't address their depth issues and the injuries hit again, they could be right back in the basement 12 months from now.
While at the World Boardgaming Championships, I got to try out Dice Hate Me Games' newest Kickstarter project, The Great Heartland Hauling Co. by Jason Kotarski. I really like to pick up and deliver games, and thought that one that plays in 30 minutes would work well and be a great fit with my gaming group.
When I saw the announcement on Twitter, I was certainly intrigued. A seemingly simple card game that would be easy to learn and quick to play, but still feel like a full game played is a difficult balance. I got to actually sit down and try the game at WBC.
Rather, I got to sit down and learn the game from the rules. Chris from Dice Hate Me had to run out for a few minutes, but I was very anxious to get to try the game. He asked me to sit down and read the rules, both making sure that they make sense and checking that others can learn the game without Chris' direction. My girlfriend Sam joined me, as did two other attendees of the convention.
With only eight pages, with one of them being the cover, I figured it would be very easy to learn. I read the rules to the other players, and while the one player kept interrupting with questions about topics we hadn't covered, the rules went down quickly and smoothly. I'll summarize them here, but you can see the full rules on the Kickstarter site.
At the beginning of the game, you lay out the city cards as described for your number of players. In our four player game, we did the cross formation below.
Each location has a large sign, indicating the cubes that should start on that location, as well as two smaller signs with numbers, indicating what goods can be delivered there and how many points each delivered good is worth. Each player got a hand of five cards and we started. Below is a picture with all seven kinds of cards in the game.
On each turn, the player must move one to three spaces. This can be done either through gas cards or through using points. If a player wants to move to a town two spaces away, this can be done through two 1 value gas cards, a 2 value gas card, or by giving up 2 points. When you use a gas card, you must use all of the movement, so the 3 in this case wouldn't work. You also can't use a combination of gas cards and points to move. This creates an interesting need for not only gas cards, but the right gas cards.
Once at a destination, a player can either pick up goods, deliver goods, or “refuel” and get a new hand of cards. Each of these actions are very simple.
For picking up or delivering goods, you play the appropriate good card from your hand. Want to pick up a cow from Troy? Just play one cow card. Want three cows from Flint? Play three cow cards. However, there are things to watch out for. First, there are only eight spots on your truck for goods. Load up too much and you'll need to start delivering. Also, there are a limited number of cards in the deck. If the other players are collecting the cards you're after, it may be difficult to get rid of the cargo you're hauling.
When you deliver a good, it stays in that city. For example, someone has delivered two corn and two beans to Troy. You can pick up these secondary goods, but at a rate of two cards per cube. This can make it difficult, but sometimes the extra card is worth it to get a good that is tied up with the other players.
Over the course of the game, goods will be repositioned to other cities. This creates a dynamic flow that is purely based on the way that the players are playing. The dynamic game play will change each game, based on the players, the randomized city lay out, and the way the cards are falling.
The refuel action is where the player pays one point and can discard any number of cards from hand. This can be crucial midgame when a player desperately needs to get a gas card or is hoping for one last pig card.
The game ends when a player reaches 30 points, or 50 points in a 2 player game. Once this happens, all other players get one last turn to deliver goods and the game is done. Players deduct points based on cargo still left in their trucks and the person with the most points wins.
After our four player game, I was really surprised. The balance between a quick game and feeling like a game was actually played is difficult, and the designer did a great job of getting the balance right for this game. I borrowed the game later for a two player game with just Sam and myself, and I had a really hard time returning the prototype to Chris. I wanted to take the game home just so I could play it more.
The game is $25 on Kickstarter, and having only played the base game, I'd pay that for the game. It will also come with an advanced variant with terrain costs and other extra rules, and there will be some stretch goals for the game. If you think the game looks good, check it out on the Dice Hate Me Games site, give the game a thumb on BoardGameGeek, and if you like it enough, back it on Kickstarter.
This Sunday, as every fourth Sunday in June, the streets of New York will fill with prideful marchers celebrating Pride Month. There will be similar marches, too, in cities around the country. Sunday marks the forty-third year since the uprising in a Greenwich Village bar called Stonewall that supposedly started the modern gay revolution. The myth is that a few hundred angry people acted out in lower Manhattan, and the world changed. Maybe that's where Occupy Wall Street got the idea that this is how it's done.
It's the wrong lesson. Stonewall was the product of a handful of brilliant community organizers applying basic principles of social organizing. Without them, Stonewall would have been nothing more than one of several gay-bar pushbacks in the late sixties, or another one of the non-gay street demonstrations that characterized New York in that tumultuous time. It was the dedicated strategizing of the men and women of the nascent gay movement that turned something unremarkable into the Bastille. Their achievement is a field guide to how to make a social movement, and also offers insight into why Occupy is failing.
Stonewall did not come from nowhere. The first night, when the bar erupted, a bunch of experienced activists from the unfashionable old nineteen-fifties gay organization, the Mattachine Society, and from the hot new antiwar movement, were in the crowd. Jim Fouratt, a young and charismatic member of Students for a Democratic Society, who had already been trying to radicalize the Mattachine Society, stopped in his tracks when he saw the crowd gathering outside the bar. Another veteran S.D.S.'er, John O'Brien, from the board of the counterculture free school Alternate U., was there. Bob Kohler, from the old Congress of Racial Equality, walked by and stayed. Gay bookstore owner Craig Rodwell shouted “gay power,” and although no one took up the chant, a big crowd gathered and fought the police again the next night. (I describe the scene in a new book, “Victory: The Triumphant Gay Revolution.”)
If not for Rodwell, and the Mattachine's President, Dick Leitsch, two nights of rioting might have been the end. In the previous five years, two similar uprisings in California had come to naught. But the day after Stonewall, a Sunday, teams of activists spread out around the neighborhood, distributing manifestos (“The Hairpin Drop Heard Round the World”). Unlike Occupy Wall Street, the gay activists had a clear list of demands. “Get the Mafia out of the bars,” the leaflets proclaimed. “No more police raids.”
The activists also had a regular place to meet in a structured way—and meetings, not flash mobs, are the heart of an effective movement. Within days, the stodgy old Mattachine Society had called an assembly at their regular meeting place to talk about what to do next. It was essentially the last Mattachine meeting, as the gathering erupted into chaotic demands for radical action, but without the established framework of meeting, it might have ended there. The Mattachine dissenters descended on a lefty Alternate U. classroom—and kept meeting, this time as the Gay Liberation Front. To raise money, they started having Friday night dances. In a matter of weeks, the gay community went from having to hide out in a Mafia bar to dancing at fundraisers.
Over the next few months, as the G.L.F. met and debated whether anyone is free until everyone is free and other movement-destroying rabbit holes familiar to the followers of Occupy Wall Street, Rodwell, the bookstore owner, decided to plan a march to commemorate the event on the fourth Sunday in June a year later. Call it the Pride Parade. There have been many gay parades since 1970, but at that time it was a revolutionary notion—that gay people would come out of the closet and into a parade all at once. Rodwell did what any smart organizer would do: he brought in a handful of his trusted friends to plan the event. Rodwell's committee met every week in the bookstore. He had a discrete, manageable goal: to get people to show up on a particular Sunday in June, 1970. Reaching out to all the factions that were rapidly proliferating after Stonewall, he did not have to get everyone to agree on some lofty mission or to mass in front of a dozen banks to protest everything everybody did wrong, as Occupy did to so little effect on May Day this year. Just come out, as the old gay slogan said. And so they did.
As Rodwell left the Stonewall Inn that Sunday morning, a year after the riots and forty-two years ago this month, there were perhaps a dozen marchers. But as they proceeded from Stonewall up Fifth Avenue to Central Park, the numbers grew until there were an unheard of crowd of thousands of gay men and lesbian women out and out of doors for the first time in history. And so the myth of Stonewall began. Strategic, discrete, well-planned, original (in its time), the Stonewall march is the pure manifestation of how social movements succeed. It was the birthday party for Stonewall, not the birth the year before, that gave rise to the triumphant gay revolution.
Photograph by Fred W. McDarrah/Getty Images.
Don't get us wrong -- we're sure it was a nightmare for everyone involved. But it does make for hilarious stories down the line.
The boring thing about modern democracy is that we almost never elect truly crazy people. Oh, sure, we'll vote in somebody with mild eccentricities or sexual appetites, and we may refer to some extremist as "crazy," but back when rulers took the throne based only on their bloodline, a nation could wind up under the fist of someone who was literally "howl naked at the moon" insane.
5 Justin II of Byzantine Heard Voices, a bit People on the Head
traumwerk.stanford.edu
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Justin II was a sixth century emperor of Byzantine, which was how they rebranded the Roman Empire after it wasn't cool to be the Roman Empire anymore. Also, apparently they let pretty much anyone is emperor in those days, because Justin II was nucking futs.
History remembers Justin mainly as a kind of shitty leader who wound up losing most of Italy to Persia, which, if you're the emperor of Rome, is dropping the ball pretty badly. But the ancient historian John of Ephesus recounts some interesting facts about Justin's personal life, like how he would hear voices in his head and scream and hide under his bed to escape them. Apparently, the only way his servants could help him out was to play organ music throughout the palace to drown out the voices.
Photos.com
They'd have had better luck with dubstep.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
That part of the story is key: the fact that nobody knew how to treat mental illness back then. So it wasn't much fun to be around the palace when Justin II went into full crazy mode -- it's said that when his servants were rushing around trying to restrain him, he would fight back by biting them, often on the head. Eventually, the servants had to go to greater lengths to entertain him, and came up with a solution that would appeal to any toddler -- building a makeshift throne on wheels and pushing Justin around the palace on it, to his great delight. As John of Ephesus puts it, "... having placed him on it, his chamberlains drew him about, and ran with him backwards and forwards for a long time, while he, in delight and admiration at their speed, desisted from many of his absurdities."
Byrne and Eno take a spiritual turn
The ex-Talking Head writes lyrics to his pal's ethereal tunes. Sales and marketing of the music float freely too.
The music so far is available only through the That Happens website that the Grammy-winning pop-music innovators set up for this project. It's available free for streaming, or it can be downloaded in three ways: digital only ($8.99, including a lyric booklet), digital plus a physical CD that will be shipped at the end of November ($11.99) or a deluxe version for $69.99 that includes four bonus tracks, a short film about the album, a hard-bound book, screen saver and other extras.
"People are just kind of discovering it," Byrne, 56, said from Phoenix on Monday, following a concert the previous night in Albuquerque, part of his tour that reaches the Greek Theatre tonight. "We did it without any of the traditional stuff that a record company would do. We thought, 'Let's see what happens if you don't do that.' "
OK, so it's not exactly a secret. But a key facet of their first extended collaboration in 27 years was their decision not to trumpet the arrival of "Everything That Happens Will Happen Today" in the usual way. There's no record company marketing campaign, no ads in trade magazines, on radio or MTV, in part because there's no record company.
"It's an experiment," Byrne said. "But we've recouped our costs already, and that's nothing to sneeze at these days."
In the coming weeks, he said, the album will be turning up on iTunes, Amazon.com and other online retailers, but the no-strings-attached delivery method is in keeping with the music itself. It's a gorgeous, ethereal yet intrinsically human meeting of Byrne's voice, guitars and other acoustic instruments, and Eno's trademark electronic sounds. They describe the result as "folk-electronic gospel."
Byrne wrote many of the lyrics for a series of ambient soundscapes that Eno had created previously to convey a spiritual dimension, though one that's never far removed from the realities of life on Earth:
Tiny little boats on a beach
at sunset
I took a drink from a jar
& into my head
Familiar smells and flavors
Vehicles are stuck on the
plains of heaven
That's a verse from the opening track, "Home." Like the rest of the album's songs, it long existed only as an instrumental, one of many Eno never got around to finishing. The subject of Eno's growing stockpile of incomplete songs came up during a conversation with Byrne, and rock 'n' roll gentleman that he is, the former Talking Head offered to take a stab at writing words for them. If Eno didn't like his lyrics, he could feel free to discard them, Byrne offered.
That, of course, didn't happen. "After listening, and living with them for a while" -- nearly a year, in fact, "I sent him a note and said, 'This is the feeling I'm getting -- what do you think?' " Byrne said. "And he seemed fine with it. The spiritual dimension wasn't there immediately, but it surfaced pretty quickly."
The songs brim with pop melodies, many of them crafted by Byrne but rooted in snippets of musical lines he found within Eno's extended tracks. The exception is the rhythmically quirky, lyrically disjunctive "I Feel My Stuff," a meditation on a world in disarray.
"If he started with a certain kind of thing," Byrne said, "I felt I should honor that, or pay attention to it and see if I could take it further." He used the same approach with the few lyric bits Eno had penned.
"In the song 'The River,' he had a lyric about a river, and that's as much as there was," Byrne said. "I also wrote about a river, and [Hurricane] Katrina, which is what I think the song is about."
Katrina is never mentioned by name, yet as elsewhere on "Everything That Happens," grim reality serves as the opportunity for renewal and rebirth.
TRUMP Compares #FakeNews Media and Far Left Hacks at CIA to Nazi Propagandists
As first reported at The Gateway Pundit—-
Here is the latest Fake News lie:
They actually believe this crap—
Trump partook in “golden showers” in Russia with prostitutes on a bed Obama once slept on… Russia then blackmailed Trump, not by asking for money or influence in his business deals, but by forcing him to run for president against all odds and win?
Here is the story that the CIA and idiots in the FAKE NEWS Media are pushing on America–
Here's what they want us to believe — Let's recount:
** Obama has a meeting in Russia.
** Trump flies to Russia, finds out the hotel room Obama stayed in, and books it.
** Trump finds at least two hookers and invites them to Obama's former hotel suite.
** Trump instructs the hookers to PISS ON THE BED because he hates Obama so much.
** Little did Trump know Putin had the entire room outfitted with video cameras.
** The Russian government now has video proof of Trump watching hookers PISS on a bed.
** Russian government tells Trump they will release the video if he does not run for president.
** Trump runs for president and against all odds and WINS the White House.
And no one questioned this report?
Seriously?
As The Gateway Pundit reported the original story was created by 4Chan user.
On Wednesday morning Donald Trump responded to the latest CIA leaks and Fake News report.
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2017
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is “A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE.” Very unfair!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA – NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2017
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA – NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2017
I win an election easily, a great “movement” is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Finally Trump compared the latest fake news report to something put out by a propagandist in Nazi Germany!
Ouch!
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2017
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to “leak” into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
This article is about the Italian sartorial menswear company. For the islands in Croatia, see Brijuni . For the Italian commune, see Brione, Trentino
Brioni is an Italian menswear couture house owned by French holding company Kering. Founded in Rome in 1945,[1] it is known for its made-to-measure men's suits, sartorial ready-to-wear collections and leather goods. Throughout its history, the company has invented concepts such as the men's runway show, the trunk show, and the ready-to-wear Haute Couture. It has been a point of reference for the entertainment, institutional and business worlds. Its Creative Director from July 2012 to February 2016 was British-born Brendan Mullane.[2][3][4] Its creative director from April 2016 to September 2016 was Justin O'Shea.[5][6][7]
As of June 15, 2017, Nina-Maria Nitsche is Brioni's Creative Director.[8][9][10][11][12]
History [ edit ]
Brioni was established in Rome in 1945 as a men's tailoring company by founders Nazareno Fonticoli, a tailor, and Gaetano Savini, an entrepreneur.[13] They opened their first shop on Via Barberini 79, naming the brand after the formerly Italian Brionian Islands (now part of Croatia); the shop is still at the same address. Brioni quickly started to raise interest from high-profile movie business personalities, heads of state and business leaders.
In 1952, Brioni staged the first men's fashion show in history, inside the Sala Bianca at Palazzo Pitti in Florence. The clothes introduced new silhouettes, bold colors and innovative fabrics, marking an important chapter for the company. A couple of years later, Brioni invented the trunk show, during which the collections were presented directly in stores, allowing customers to personalize the garments with the Su Misura service (made-to-measure).[14]
In 1959, a production plant was opened in Penne, Abruzzo, birth town of Nazareno Fonticoli. Called Brioni Roman Style, the state-of-the-art factory introduced the concept of Prêt Couture, or ready-to-wear Haute Couture that sealed the international rise of the brand.
In 1985, the company opened a tailoring school in Penne with the aim of transmitting to younger generations the specific Brioni sartorial method.[15]
Red cursive logo of 1986 to 2016
In 2007[16] and 2011[17] The Luxury Institute ranked Brioni among the most prestigious men's fashion luxury goods brands in America.
Recent history [ edit ]
In 2012, with the acquisition by French group Kering,[18] the company entered a new phase. Under the leadership of Creative Director Brendan Mullane, Brioni designs, develops and manufactures Su Misura garments and sartorial ready-to-wear collections as well as leather goods, shoes, eyewear and fragrance. Brioni products are distributed globally, encompassing Europe, Asia and America, through directly-owned boutiques and a network of department stores.
On March 23, 2016, luxury conglomerate Kering announced that it had appointed Justin O'Shea, a heavily tattooed Australian and street-style enthusiast with more than 80,000 Instagram followers, as creative director.[19] A self-taught retail expert, O'Shea was formerly the fashion director of the German e-commerce site MyTheresa.[20][21] O'Shea featured the four members of Metallica dressed in Brioni tuxedos in his first ad campaign with the brand;[22][23] the photos were shot by Zackery Michael.[24] The remake of Brioni's logo under O'Shea by friend and frequent collaborator Benny Robinson has been compared to the Fraktur typeface.[25][26] O'Shea showed his first collection for the house on 4 July 2016.[27] In early October 2016 Brioni announced that O'Shea would leave the brand.[28][29] Brioni reported that its Autumn/Winter 2017 collection would be presented to buyers in the Milan showroom from mid-November 2016 but would not have a corresponding runway show.[28]
On 17 March 2017 announced the appointment of Fabrizio Malverdi as CEO,[30][31] a month after Gianluca Flore stepped down from the role.[32][33]
Boutiques [ edit ]
As of 2015, Brioni had 46 directly-operated retail stores.[34] Brioni has stores in:[35]
Europe
North America
Latin America
East Asia
Central Asia
Middle East
References [ edit ]
Just like any other VR headset, Sony's PlayStation VR (PSVR) leaves plenty of room for improvement, and the company's R&D division has a few ideas on where to take it on both a software and hardware level.
Dominic Mallinson, Senior Vice President of R&D at Sony Interactive Entertainment, spoke a little about the current areas of VR that the group is looking into in a video that ran before the company's E3 press conference yesterday. You can see it below, the clip starts at around 43:20.
As we've heard before, Sony seems very interested in artificial intelligence, and using it to create believable virtual characters.
Mallinson spoke about ‘natural language understanding', which he compared to voice operated platforms like Apple's Siri, Amazon Echo. “Imagine you could use that to actually talk to game characters, to actually have a dialogue,” he said.
Building on that, the company's also interested in affecting the virtual world around you with gaze tracking. Mallinson spoke about using the direction the player was looking to change the virtual world around them. You might stare at a character, for example, who might become uncomfortable after continued surveillance. Note his wording doesn't specifically say eye-tracking, which would give games more accurate info about where a user is looking, but would require an upgrade on the hardware front.
Mallinson isn't ruling out hardware upgrades though. He also spoke about VR displays, and the importance of integrating focus variation to simulate our real world vision.
“Now the eye does this all the time, and you don't really think about it,” Mallinson said. “But in VR that doesn't happen today.”
Indeed, when you put on a VR headset, everything in sight is perfectly in focus. It may not distract you — you may not even realise it — but this isn't natural.
“What we want to do is we also want to bring that in so we have re-focusing in virtual reality,” Mallinson added. He said that, in the future, he believes headsets will be able to deliver both focus variation and 3D images. “That will give us the ultimate visual experience,” he said.
Finally, Mallinson looked far into the future with a concept he said was “almost in the realm of science fiction”: brain wave interfaces. With tech that could read the most basic impulses in your brain there's a world of possibilites for VR.
“This is all ideas, this is all the future, looking just over the horizon,” Mallinard concluded. “And maybe we'll see it, maybe we won't.”
Tagged with: e3
Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone (also known as just Est! Est!! Est!!!) is an Italian wine region centered on the commune of Montefiascone in the province of Viterbo in Lazio. Since 1966, the white Trebbiano- and Malvasia bianca-based wines produced within the 1,000 acres (400 ha) of the region can qualify for Denominazione di origine controllata (DOC) designation under Italian wine laws.[1]
The unusual name of the wine region dates back to a 12th-century tale of a German bishop traveling to the Vatican for a meeting with the pope. The bishop sent a prelate ahead of him to survey the villages along the route for the best wines. The 'wine scout' had instructions to write 'Est' (Latin for 'There is') on the door or on the wall of the inns he visited when he was particularly impressed with the quality of the wine they served so the bishop following on his trail would have known in advance where to make a stop. At a Montefiascone inn, the prelate was reportedly so overwhelmed with the local wine that he wrote Est! Est!! Est!!! on the door.[2] While this tale has been widely repeated, with some variations (such as the event taking place in the 10th century[1] and/or involving a Flemish bishop,[3] attending the coronation of Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor instead of meeting the Pope,[4] etc.), the story is considered by many wine experts, such as Master of Wine Mary Ewing-Mulligan, to be apocryphal.[3]
Today, the wine region is known primarily for wine tourism, catering to the visitors of Lake Bolsena north of Rome, with comparatively little Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone being exported.[5] Among wine critics, the wine often receives mixed opinions with wine experts such as Hugh Johnson and Jancis Robinson describing in The World Atlas of Wine Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone as "usually the dullest white wine with the strangest name in the world."[6] Wine writers Joe Bastianich and David Lynch compares Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone to the Tuscan wines from Vernaccia di San Gimignano saying that the region's "...history is more compelling than what's currently in the glass."[2]
Origins of the name [ edit ]
Grave of Bishop Johann Fugger in the village of Montefiascone.
The story behind the name of Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone has been widely repeated for centuries[5] and, though likely apocryphal, has served as a tourism draw for the region and gives some notoriety to the wine.[3] While variations of the tale exist, the basic legend involves a traveling Catholic bishop on his way to Rome who sends a servant ahead to find places with the best wine for the bishop to enjoy. Visiting villages throughout Italy, the servant would scrawl Est (Latin for "There is") on the door of the places he found to have good wine for the bishop's party to later visit. The legend has it that the servant was so impressed with the wine being served at a Montefiascone inn that he enthusiastically scrawled Est! Est!! Est!!! on the door.[5]
While that is the basic outline of the story, over the centuries several variations have popped up that slightly change some details. One of the more detailed retellings can be found in Tom Stevenson's Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia where he pinpoints the events to late 1110 or early 1111 when a 12th-century German bishop, Johann Fugger, was traveling to Rome for the coronation of Henry V as Holy Roman Emperor. On his travels, Fugger sent his majordomo ahead of him to taste the local wines and report back which wines were Vinum est bonum. As with other retellings, the majordomo documented his research by writing Est in chalk on the door of the establishments whose wines he enjoyed and, being so impressed with the wines of Montefiascone, punctuated his message with multiple Est! Est!! Est!!!. But Stevenson also reports that the bishop, himself, was also so impressed with the wines that he canceled the rest of his journey and stayed in Montefiascone until his death. Today, there is a tomb in a local church in Montefiascone believed to be the resting place of Bishop Fugger, which bears the Latin inscription: "Est est est - Propter nimium est - Johannes de Foucris - dominus meus - mortuus est".[4][7]
DOC regulations [ edit ]
The white blended wines of Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone received DOC status in 1966 and includes the volcanic soils encircling Lake Bolsena in the northern Latium region.[2] According to DOC regulations (last changes approved on date 30-11-2011) the must should come from grapes grown within the DOC area in the province of Viterbo and included in the administrative territory of the municipalities of Montefiascone, Bolsena, San Lorenzo Nuovo, Grotte di Castro, Gradoli, Capodimonte and Marta, harvested to a maximum yield of 13 tonnes/ha. The finished wine must have a minimum alcohol level of at least 11% and be composed of a blend of Trebbiano Toscano (known locally as Procanico) by a percentage between 50% and 65%, Malvasia bianca by a percentage between 10% and 20% and Trebbiano Giallo (known locally as Rosetto) by a percentage between 25% and 40%.[8]
Wine styles [ edit ]
Wine writer Joe Bastianich describes the wines of Est! Est!! Est!!! di Montefiascone as mildly aromatic with apple notes and high acidity. The wines can be produced in dry and sweeter abboccato styles. Locally, the wines are often paired with Roman cuisine such as fritto misto and deep-fried artichokes.[2]
One major producer is Falesco. Their version has been called a "generic Umbrian cheap white known around the world."[9]
With the latest stable release of perl, v5.24.0, you could easily get trapped into using a problematic combination of math modules. Here is how, and what you should do to avoid trouble.
The Scenario
Perl has been supporting arbitrary precision integer, floating point, and rational number math with core modules for a long time. Math::BigInt and Math::BigFloat have been in the core since perl 5. Math::BigRat was first released with perl v5.8.0 in 2002. Currently these modules undergo heavy refactoring and also partial redesign, as can be seen in the changes files of the Math-BigInt and Math-BigRat distributions. Now here is the catch.
Math-BigInt-1.999718 of April 22, 2016, introduced changes to a couple of functions that were not particularly well documented before, but used by Math::BigRat, among others. Consequently, Math-BigRat-0.260803, also of April 22, 2016, was fixed to no longer depend on the old behaviour. These releases did not make it into the perl v5.24.0 release that came three weeks later, though.
The Path of Deception
Now as most of us know, these math modules can be made quite a bit faster by installing interfaces to heavy-duty math engines such as GMP or Pari. Modules providing the glue to these backends, such as Math::BigInt::GMP, are not in the perl core. You'll install them from CPAN. Not surprisingly they also have seen releases addressing the latest semantic changes.
The Tragedy
So you have perl v5.24.0 and want fast big rats rational arithmetic. A brand new Math-BigInt-GMP from CPAN will pull you a brand new Math-BigInt from CPAN, too, as the GMP glue depends on a later Math::BigInt version than you have. Your old version of Math::BigRat, however, will not be touched. And it will give you wrong results. Rational arithmetic simply will no longer work correctly on your platform.
The Escape Route
To fix this, you need to upgrade Math::BigRat from CPAN as well. Manually. This will not happen automatically as a consequence of your installing Math-BigInt-GMP.
The Morale
As a user, when you install something, your installer will likely take care of dependencies, but you in turn should look out for reverse dependencies. Metacpan.org can help you there somewhat. A tool running all the test suites of your installed modules after every change would be nicer, but I haven't come by one yet. If you upgrade everything you have once in a while you will at least run some tests, and you will eventually escape from situations like the big rat trap, while occasionally some prematurely released stuff may bite you.
As a module maintainer, if you don't like a particular functionality, you could make your users' lives easier by adding and advertising new methods rather than just replacing existing ones. If you feel really strong about getting rid of something you can stage a deprecation cycle. Research, discuss, announce, make the change configurable, allow some time to pass, swap defaults, wait some more, remove if you must.
I admit I didn't always act like that myself. If my modules had been in the core for more than two decades, I probably would.
A federal judge ruled in favor of Gov. Paul LePage in his court battle with House Speaker Mark Eves on Tuesday, dismissing Eves' lawsuit against the Republican chief executive.
Eves, a Democrat, sued LePage last July because the governor had threatened to cut state funding to Good Will-Hinckley, a nonprofit in Fairfield that operates a charter school, when it hired Eves to be its president. The school subsequently withdrew its offer to Eves.
The 44-page decision by U.S. District Judge George Z. Singal came less than a month after attorneys for Eves and the governor argued the case before him in Portland.
Eves' attorney, David Webbert, said he would appeal Singal's ruling to the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Boston.
“The governor is pleased with the result, and appreciates the careful attention and decision of the court,” LePage's attorney, Patrick Strawbridge, said in an email Tuesday afternoon. “We remain confident that this case is without merit, and will continue to defend it vigorously should the speaker decide to appeal.”
Maine Republican Party Chairman Rick Bennett issued a statement praising the dismissal.
“I am not surprised that the spurious, politically motivated lawsuit by Speaker Mark Eves against our governor was dismissed by the courts,” Bennett said. “The governor … appropriately challenged the prevailing sentiment in the State House that simply becoming a presiding officer in the Legislature suddenly qualifies a person for any publicly funded job. This is a good day for the Constitution and a good day for accountability in state government.”
Strawbridge had argued that LePage was making a legally protected political statement when he successfully persuaded Good Will-Hinckley to fire Eves and therefore had immunity from Eves' claim, or was otherwise protected by the First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
Eves accused the governor of using taxpayer money and the power of his office to prevent his hiring by Good Will-Hinckley, and contended that LePage's actions violated several of Eves' constitutional rights, including his First Amendment rights of free speech, free association and political affiliation, as well as his 14th Amendment right to due process.
Good Will-Hinckley serves youths through a host of counseling programs and support systems, and also runs a charter school that is partially funded by the state.
In a technical and nuanced decision, Singal said that however coarse or distasteful Eves found the governor's actions, they did not breach Eves' constitutional rights. The judge found that LePage was entitled to qualified immunity because the statements he made about Eves did not constitute a threat to bring government power to bear against a private person or group, but were rather an “attempt to ensure that a public expenditure would be utilized to achieve a policy goal related to charter schools for at-risk youth.”
Officials are not protected for speech that is threatening, coercive and intimidating so as to convey that punishment, sanction or adverse regulatory action will imminently follow, Singal wrote. In assessing whether the speech by an official falls outside the limits of protected speech, the judge said, the court must determine whether the threat of withholding discretionary funding constitutes a threat of imminent punishment.
Eves “urges this court to conclude that an act by (LePage) to withhold discretionary funds from (Good Will-Hinckley) would have amounted to a form of punishment for employing (Eves) as president,” Singal wrote. “However, (Eves) has not presented, nor has the court found, any legal authority that concludes that impoundment of discretionary funds is equivalent to more traditional punishments that may be levied against an entity such as a fine or the loss of an operating license.”
In rejecting Eves' claims, Singal also said the nature of the dispute was ill-suited to courtroom resolution. He noted that courts have found the preferred solution to political disputes is through the democratic electoral process.
Webbert disagreed, and said he believes the ruling will be overturned on appeal.
“We are confident that the court of appeals will agree that Governor LePage violated the basic rules of our Constitution when he used taxpayer money to blackmail a private organization into firing his political opponent for partisan purposes,” Webbert said in a written statement. “Mark Eves is determined to hold Governor LePage accountable for his abuses of power that undermine our democracy.”
The dispute over funding for the school began June 5, 2015, the day Eves signed a two-year employment contract with the school.
LePage phoned Richard Abramson, then interim president of the school, the same day and expressed his extreme displeasure about Eves' selection.
LePage also sent a handwritten note to the chairman of the school's board of directors, called Eves a “hack” and made it clear that the school would lose the $1.06 million in discretionary funding that it expected to receive in the upcoming two-year budget cycle.
The dispute arose as the Legislature worked to finalize the state's budget and marked a particularly frigid moment between legislators and LePage, who vowed to veto every bill sponsored by a Democrat because members of the House did not address his policy priorities.
The Good Will-Hinckley board rescinded its offer to hire Eves as its president on June 24.
Share
filed under:
DATA Act passes House
Open government watchdog groups are applauding the House passage of the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act (DATA Act) on April 25 that would require federal agencies to consistently report spending information on a new, searchable Web platform.
The legislation passed by a voice vote and will now go before the Senate. If it becomes law, it will establish standards for identifying and publishing electronic information about federal spending.
The federal government would need to spend $575 million over five years to create new structures and systems under the DATA Act, according to a Congressional Budget Office report issued last year.
The transparency proposal is sponsored by Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., in the Senate.
“The DATA Act will transform how we are able to monitor government spending online,” Ellen Miller, executive director of the Sunlight Foundation, said in a statement. “The DATA Act will increase transparency for federal spending data and expand when, where and how it is available online.
Along with the Sunlight Foundation and other watchdog groups, a group of technology companies led by Microsoft in the Data Transparency Coalition lobbied for passage in recent weeks.
The provisions of the DATA Act include creation of a new Federal Accountability and Spending Transparency Commission, which is to succeed the board that oversaw spending reports for the 2009 economic stimulus law.
The new board would oversee federal reporting by grantees and contractors, similar to that required for the stimulus. It would also create a new publicly-accessible website to host spending information.
In addition, federal agencies would be required to submit their spending data to the new platform with consistent electronic identifiers and markup language.
Also under the proposed law, the Treasury Department would begin reporting and publishing of disbursement data on the new platform. The financial disbursement data would be retrievable by agencies' grant and contract systems. This would make it easier for grantees and contractors receiving funds from multiple agencies to comply with reporting requirements.
The DATA Act also imposes travel and conference restrictions, limiting travel spending to 80 percent of 2010 levels until 2016. It also caps conference spending at $500,000 and limits agencies' conference sponsorships. For more on that aspect of the bill, click here.
NEW DELHI: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) is likely to emerge as the single largest party in the coming Delhi elections with 35 seats, one short of majority, an opinion poll conducted by ABP News-Nielsen has predicted. The BJP is projected to get 29 seats while Congress is expected to get six seats in the 70-member House.AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal seems to be the most preferred candidate for chief minister of Delhi with 48%, followed by Kiran Bedi of BJP with 42%. AAP is likely to emerge as the largest party with 37% vote share, followed by BJP with 33% and Congress with 18%.As per the survey, Kejriwal is seen as more capable than Bedi in solving most problems faced by Delhiites. However, for “maintaining law and order and women's safety”, respondents preferred Bedi over Kejriwal.The survey found that AAP maintained its strong hold over economically weaker sections and Muslims. The party also had substantial support among voters living in slums with nearly every second voter in slums intending to vote for the party.The survey said AAP had huge support among Muslim with nearly every two in three Muslim voters intending to vote for the party in the coming elections.The survey found that Bedi's anointment as BJP's CM candidate was not helping the saffron party pull in additional voters.The survey said voters were firmly aligned to their parties with very few intending to switch sides. However, there could be some fence-sitters currently saying they “may not vote for BJP” but could change their mind later, it added.Kejriwal marginally pipped Bedi when it came to who did more “tamasha” than work for development. The opinion poll was conducted with 6,396 respondents in 35 constituencies by ABP News-Nielsen from January 25 to January 31.
Top End women on the hunt for barramundi for Secret Women's Business competition
Posted
Like most good ideas, the annual barramundi fishing competition Secret Women's Business was cooked up by two enterprising women after a few drinks.
"This concept came about 11 years ago. Two ladies were having a couple of glasses of wine and decided they wanted to start a fishing competition just for women," event organiser Chrissie Hurren said.
"Initially that was the goal, to challenge the male-dominated sport of fishing."
Over a decade later, this year's competition features 119 women across 36 teams on the Corroborree Billabong, about 90 minutes drive south-west of Darwin, all competing to see who can get the biggest bite.
The women, rated from novices to experts, angle for barramundi and saratoga over two days, with barramundi worth double the points, and any caught are tagged to assist with Department of Fisheries research.
All fish are tossed back once points are tallied, and there is $20,000 worth of prizes up for grabs.
"It's an environmental issue, there are a lot of teams on the water fishing today and if all of them removed the fish they caught that would have a detrimental effect on fish stocks," Ms Hurren said.
Some women may be catching their first barra this weekend, which she said was an immense adrenaline rush.
"It's amazing... it's really exciting, and when you land it, it's fantastic," she said.
'We just fish alongside the guys'
In the pre-dawn dark, trailers back boats into the billabong.
As the sun begins to rise, the singing of birds and the chirping of insects are interrupted by boat motors as women zip along the water in the foggy morning light, looking for fish.
In the Barralicious boat (the 'i's dotted with love hearts), two women wearing pink hoodies, gloves, scarves and socks steer alongside thatches of lily pads near the banks.
"We took out the Ugly Barmaid Award last night, we're killing it already!" they joke. But so far, nothing's biting.
Over on the Bad Habit boat, the Sister Act team are having similarly bad luck.
Luckily for Tina Moyle, the competition is as much about the camaraderie as the catch.
"It's about getting away with these ladies, we have a good time on the water," she said.
"SWB was initially about becoming a fisherman in our own right, so I think that competition plays a big part in women's finishing today in a safe environment."
But she said women no longer needed to prove themselves in a male-dominated sport.
"Not at all, we just fish alongside the guys; we've got our own boat, we do everything ourselves," she said.
"It makes fishing easier when you do go out with your partner, they don't have to do anything for you, you don't do anything for them!" she laughed.
'Any bad day fishing is better than a good day working'
Wilson's Fanatics were also struggling to get a bite.
"We've tried absolutely everything you can think of, we've thrown the book at this billabong, and it is very slow," Rocky Edwards said.
"We have caught fish, but they are undersized so they're not scoring. So we just have to keep at it and persist and hope we catch some scoring fish."
She said she loved being part of an all-female crew.
"It is really good to do it on our own," she said.
Teammate Jennifer Wilson, from Queensland, was philosophical about their prospects.
"It's fantastic, where else would you rather be?" she said.
"The fishing's a bit slow, everything we've caught has been undersized, but any bad day fishing is better than a good day working, that old chestnut."
The competition will wrap up on Saturday afternoon.
Topics: fishing-aquaculture, fish, rural, human-interest, community-and-society, people, darwin-0800, nt
Robbie Shone is a British adventure, cave and travel photographer based out of Austria. His adventures have led him to the remotest areas of China, Papua New Guinea, Borneo, the Alps and Crete where he has photographed the deepest, largest, and longest cave systems ever discovered. These feats involve dangling on a thin rope 650 ft. (200m) above the floor in the world's deepest natural shaft, exploring the far ends of a 117 mile long cave system, and spending nearly four days continuously underground on shoots.
Collected here are some of his most jaw-dropping shots, many from a 2012 excursion into cave systems in Wulong County, China. You can explore more of his cave photography over on his website. All imagery courtesy the photographer. (via This Isn't Happiness)
On Monday morning at 9:00am, lawyers from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) will ask a judge in a Kansas City federal courtroom to impose a preliminary injunction on Butterfly Labs (BFL), the embattled Bitcoin miner manufacturer . This would extend the temporary restraining order set down earlier this month, leaving the company controlled by a court-appointed receiver.
For the last 15 months, Ars has followed BFL as it has gone from being a curious hardware startup in a nascent industry to becoming the target of a federal investigation.
The FTC believes the three named members of the company's board of directors—Jody Drake (aka Darla Drake), Nasser Ghoseiri, and Sonny Vleisides—spent millions of dollars of corporate revenue on non-corporate expenses like saunas and guns, while leaving many customer orders either wholly unfulfilled or significantly delayed.
In a slew of new court documents filed Saturday, FTC lawyers allege for the first time that not only did BFL engage in deceptive practices, it specifically used customer-ordered machines to mine its own bitcoins before shipping the machines out. (BFL has specifically denied mining for its own benefit.) The FTC also claims that BFL had its employees mine for personal gain using machines that had been refused by their purchasers or that had been returned after having arrived too late to be worthwhile.
Amazingly, amidst all this alleged fraud, BFL is accused of printing giant foam pitchforks to make fun of its intensely frustrated customers. As Helen Wong, an FTC attorney, wrote to the court:
Once Defendants got around to producing Bitcoin mining machines using what were essentially interest-free loans from consumers, their first actions were not to benefit their long-suffering customers, but to pad their own bottom line. Specifically, the testimony of several former employees and Vice President of Product Development Josh Zerlan shows that instead of fulfilling orders immediately, Defendants used their customers' machines to mine Bitcoins for themselves before shipping the now-used machines to their customers. Thus, Defendants pocketed Bitcoins that should have gone to their customers. Further demonstrating Defendants' disregard for their customers, they used corporate funds to make and mass order red foam pitchforks mocking their own customers, emblazoned with the words, "Y U NO SHIP – BFL IS LATE!"
Ars' request for comment to BFL officials, its attorneys, and its spokesman went unanswered late Sunday evening; BFL has rarely responded to Ars' repeated requests for comment in recent months.
In an earlier September 23 court filing of its own, argued that the entire FTC action was an overreaction. According to the company, the issues were already being worked out with local authorities:
The FTC has taken a sledgehammer to a fly. Tellingly, BF Labs has been negotiating with the Johnson County, Kansas District Attorney for months and what began as an all-encompassing review turned into a productive negotiation limited to a fine for alleged past transgressions. The Johnson County DA and BF Labs were incredibly close to resolving their negotiations and finding an acceptable compromise. There was no threat of shutting the business down to protect the public, no need at any point in the negotiations to worry about secretion of assets. Yet the FTC rides into town in the name of consumer rights waving the banners of dissipation of assets and a manufactured fraud that needed to be ended to protect an unwitting public (in a way that perversely comes at the expense of the alleged victims).
"The burn-in process was set up to mine bitcoins for the company's benefit"
The new government filings state that when FTC officials arrived at BFL's offices and two storage facilities on September 19, they imaged a number of computers belonging to the company's employees, including Vleisides' and Zerlan's laptops.
Vleisides' computer contained spreadsheets, one of which was a log of transactions to known BFL wallets that had names like "Received with ... New Eclipse burnin mining account," "Received with... Bitcoin mining – Eclipse pool," and "Received with ... Forfeiture from Janette to company of 15 bitcoins from office mining project." Meanwhile, on Zerlan's computer, investigators discovered a Skype text chat log that begins on June 10, 2013 and ends on July 9, 2014, and which contains a detailed record of internal communications among the company's principals during that period.
According to the FTC, these documents, combined with other records, depositions, and sworn testimony from former BFL employees show a systematic pattern of fraud. Bank records allegedly show that Vleisides, Ghoseiri, and Jeff Ownby, a vice president for communications, all took out tens of thousands of dollars in loans against future earnings or dividends.
As Wong, the FTC lawyer, wrote to the court:
After filing this action, the FTC discovered that when Defendants finally manufactured products, they first used them to mine Bitcoins for themselves under the guise of testing—a process they referred to as "burning in." Former employees and Mr. Zerlan admitted that Defendants mined Bitcoins with customer equipment. Defendants likely mined for themselves on each and every machine before they were shipped to consumers. One former employee stated that Defendants would run up to 500 Bitcoin mining machines in three separate "burn-in" rooms at the same time. Another former employee testified that some machines were "burned in" for up to two days, even though testing usually required only 10 to 30 minutes, and that Defendants generally did not ship out machines until they had manufactured machines to be burned in their place. Defendants not only engaged in this practice despite repeated and public denials, but kept the Bitcoins they generated for themselves. Moreover, Defendants did not need to mine with customer equipment in order to test it. A "test-net" exists, which enables machines to be tested without being used to mine. In fact, one employee inquired with company management as to why they chose to test by mining rather than using the test-net and was told that the company would not make any money using a test-net.
It wasn't just some random employee saying that BFL used customer machines to mine for its own benefit, either; the charge came from Samuel Johnston, the firm's former head burn-in technician, who held that position from June 2013 until November 2013.
In a seven-page declaration, Johnston told the court:
At the time I started working at Butterfly Labs, I was aware that the company had made statements to consumers that its bitcoin mining machines were tested on the bitcoin testnet, which meant that the machines would not produce any bitcoin value while being tested. From the time I started, I observed that the machines were not in fact tested on the testnet. Instead, I found that they were mining with the machines on the bitcoin network... While I was employed, with the exception of a two-to-three-week period, all tested machines were set up to mine bitcoins in the Eclipse Mining Consortium ("EMC"). I believe that EMC was owned by Josh Zerlan. I was told by [Production Manager] Mark Goodpasture at one point that the mined bitcoins generated by the burn in process would be put into a fund to benefit employees or charity. However, I later learned from discussions with Mark and other personnel that there was no such charity or employee fund. Instead, the burn in process was set up to mine bitcoins for the company's benefit. When I asked Mark why the machines were not tested on the testnet, he responded that there was no point in doing so because the company would not make any money from the testing. I understood, based on my conversations with Mark, that he received direction from Sonny to test the machines in a way that generated bitcoins. I was present in at least one brief meeting with Sonny and Mark in which it was suggested that the machines be tested on the testnet, but Sonny and Mark agreed the company would not do so. I understood that the sole reason for burning in the machines rather than using the testnet was to make money.
This wasn't just a little bit of hashing power, either. Johnston said that at the time (August 2013), "The machines being tested were collectively hashing at a rate of 12 terrahashes per second (TH/s). At that time, this comprised approximately 3 percent of the hash rate of the entire bitcoin network."
"Then if we deliver in March, we look good."
Beyond the FTC's claims of temporary Bitcoin-based thievery from its own customers, BFL was "aware of the potential for long delays but simply chose not to inform consumers of that fact," according to the feds.
In September 2013, for example, BFL stated publicly that it was in the final testing phase of its chip production, a stage known as "tape out." But November 12, 2013 chat logs obtained from Zerlan's computer show that the tape out had not occurred until that very month—and that the company expected even further delays.
[11/12/2013 12:59:18 PM] Josh Zerlan: We will not ship anything before February
given the new timeline, it's impossible.
[11/12/2013 1:00:08 PM] Josh Zerlan: We need to start telling people they aren't
going to see their products until March or later. There is no way we are going to
make this soft or easy, we are going to take all sorts of shit and there's not a
single thing that can be done about it.
[11/12/2013 1:00:29 PM] Sonny: Why not tell them next June?
[11/12/2013 1:00:32 PM] Josh Zerlan: We also need ot offer refunds to those who want
it at this point.
[11/12/2013 1:00:36 PM] Sonny: it's just as arbitrary as March
[11/12/2013 1:00:53 PM] Josh Zerlan: Well, I'm all for June actually
[11/12/2013 1:01:00 PM] Josh Zerlan: Then if we deliver in March, we look good.
[11/12/2013 1:01:19 PM] Josh Zerlan: Instead of giving them false promises for
November when we didn't even tape out until November. … [11/12/2013 1:11:26 PM] Nasser Ghoseiri: We can announce that we've taped out on
Friday
[11/12/2013 1:11:35 PM] Nasser Ghoseiri: and let everyone know how it goes
[11/12/2013 1:11:55 PM] Josh Zerlan: No, I don't think we should mention when we
taped out. We were supposed to tape out in September. Telling them we taped out
last week is suicide.
"The illegal conduct here did not occur in isolation"
Earlier this year, Ars spoke with two former BFL employees who corroborated some of what is now laid out in the new court filings. In particular, as of April 2014, the company's planned 28 nanometer " Monarch " mining card was six months behind schedule.
"It was October or November [2013] and how can you not have any working model and you say you're going to start shipping in December or January," one former employee said. "I realized that this is not how it should work."
Based on this evidence, which the FTC says shows a continued pattern of problematic behavior, the feds argue for a preliminary injunction.
As Wong concluded:
[Scott here with another guest blog post. Today I hope to save you some time and heartache by giving you the nuts and bolts of editing large volume shoots…]
Painful memories I have: My first breakup, my first deceased pet, my first time moving, but perhaps most painful of them all is this; my first attempt at editing 15,000 photos. Such overwhelming volume, such slow progress, so many similar photos. Why, oh why, did they ever create the motor drive!?
The pain from the breakups, pets and moves have only faded a bit, but the pain of volume editing is almost entirely gone. Call me masochistic, but I think I actually like editing big shoots. On the surface the challenge is the same as it ever was, but years of photo editing for one of the heaviest trigger fingers in the industry have honed my skills. And like a young ninja student who feels the sting of every misstep but grows to be a master, almost untouchable, oblivious to pain, I have conquered the edit. You can too.
For some of you this will be old news. But I am sure there are many who are like I once was; new to fast cameras and professional editing software. Trying to figure out how to take an avalanche of data and come out the other end with “final selects”. If you've never done it, it seems easy until you try. If you've done it a lot, it probably is easy. But if you're somewhere in the middle it just might feel overwhelming. Perhaps I can be of some assistance by giving you a few tricks I've learned along the way.
The foundation of my editing process is (drumroll)….Rating With Stars!!! I know, it's not groundbreaking. Aperture has stars, Lightroom has stars, Bridge has stars, iPhoto has stars. Almost every photo software on the planet has stars. That's the beauty. Simple, effective, universal. Aperture is my editing platform of choice (UPDATE: when Apple killed Aperture, we moved to Lightroom as our default professional editor – we have always been very happy with both platforms and now we're running almost entirely on LR in the pro workspace….), but this applies across the board. There are 5 stars available. Let me tell you what I do with each of them, hopefully you'll find some wisdom in the why of the 5* editing system.
1* – Pace: Full Speed. Main Criteria: Is it garbage? Before you even think about starting your first pass through your shoot, do yourself a favor: let the software build all of it's previews and caches. I know it can be hard to wait for this process, you feel like you're wasting time, but trust me, it's worth the wait. Why? Because the first pass through your big shoot should fast. I mean FAST.
You're not trying to pick the winners, you're not even trying to pick the contenders. Here's a metaphor for you. They let 20,000 people qualify for the Boston Marathon. All you have to do in this first pass is pick the people who definitely won't finish. The guy in the Santa suit, the lady drinking beer, the dude with a broken leg. Give a star to any photo that might make the cut. Don't look closely, just glance. Is it way out of focus? Is it way under or over exposed? Is the model yawning, blinking, or otherwise looking at their worst? No star for you. Is it a remotely decent picture? Then it goes on to the next round.
2* – Pace: Full Speed. Main Criteria: Does it look OK? Grab a drink of water, quick snack, and then right back up to full speed. Filter your images to show only the images with at least 1 star. Now you're only looking at images that aren't horrible, but there's plenty of room between horrible and average. Volume editing is an elimination process. This is your last chance to pull out pictures you never want to see again.
If you're looking at high-action motor-drive images, this is the time to pull out the stuff that's obviously before or after the key frames. Remember, do not worry about picking the key frames here, just dump the ones that aren't by leaving them at one star. If you're looking at portraiture or lifestyle shots, you're trying to get rid of all of the shots where the subject is looking kinda bad. Weird pose, funny face, etc. No more stars for these guys.
3* – Pace: Cruising. Main Criteria: Is it pretty nice? Filter again, just show 2* or greater. You've been through these images twice now, you're starting to get a feel for how the shoot turned out. You've probably even started to sorta like some of the photos. It's time for these photos to get the nod. This move from 2-3 stars is probably where I invest the largest amount of time. You're still looking at a lot of pictures, and you want to be somewhat critical at this step. The 3* edit is the first one we'll consider showing a client, and It's where we draw the line between photos we don't want to wade through and images that are all generally viable. Look briefly at every photo and ask yourself: Do I like this photo? If the answer is no, no more stars. If the answer is yes, it gets the 3-star rating.
4* – Pace: Calculated. Main Criteria: Is it nice when you look closely? Set your filter to show 3* or better. If you were sorting through people here, now is when you would be deciding who you would consider a good friend, and who you think is just a nice person. You would be happy to introduce your good friends to your clients or your peers, you're confident that they will make a good impression. You've spent enough time with them and examined their traits closely enough to know that they are good solid folk. It's the same way with 4* images. If you're not sure about focus, take the time to zoom in at 100% and make sure it's good. If you're not sure about exposure, click over to your adjustments tab and knock the exposure slider around a bit, make sure you've got detail where you need it. You're making a commitment to these images, they are the elite of this shoot. Choose them carefully.
5* – Pace: Slow and thoughtful. Main Criteria: Is it outstanding? These are the winners. They are perfect in every way. You want to blow them up and print them the size of a house. You want to put them on your website and in your portfolio. They don't just meet the goals of this particular shoot, they meet the goals of you as a photographer. In order to choose which images make the jump it 5 stars, we'll often take a number of our favorite 4* images into the adjustments tab on Aperture and start to play around with treatments. If the image starts to take on dazzling traits when some post production is applied, it's a good contender for a five-star rank.
Often times this five-star designation is applied only as an in-house distinction. Everything that has received four stars is going to be shown to the client. It is often an enlightening exercise to have the client choose their favorites from the 4* edit, and independently do a edit of our own. It is interesting to see where the favorites sync up, and it is a good starting point to begin an engaging conversation with the client about which images are indeed the best of the whole shoot.
I hope that you have found some kernels of information that will reduce your suffering, and perhaps even tip the scales toward joy the next time you come home with a pocket full of memory cards.
Most people are only familiar with the “big five” web browsers — Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari and Opera. But there are hundreds of other browsers out there.
Most alternative browsers are remade versions of [company]Google[/company] Chrome, [company]Mozilla[/company] Firefox or [company]Microsoft[/company] Internet Explorer. Chrome itself is built on Chromium, an open-source browser project; Firefox is also open-source. That means that any developer can take the code, add or remove some parts of it and release a completely new browser.
Advertisement
Why do that, though? The “big five” browsers are already highly customizable. Chrome and Firefox have particularly large libraries of extensions, but generally, you can tailor most browsers to your particular needs. Nevertheless, a large percentage of users may never have visited the Chrome Web Store or gone into Firefox's Add-ons section.
Some alternative browsers can provide additional functionality for people who don't want to bother with installing add-ons or don't know how to do it. Meanwhile, more advanced users who know what they need and can't get it through installing more add-ons can search for browsers that might solve their problems.
Here are some alternative browsers that might be worth your attention, based on what you need from this kind of software. You don't have to abandon your primary browser and completely switch to an alternative. Nothing prevents you from keeping a second or even a third browser for bank-related activity, media downloading or online gaming.
For privacy concerns: WhiteHat Aviator
Privacy-based browsers are probably the largest category of alternative browsers. Whether you are concerned about the NSA spying scandal, want to avoid advertising companies collecting your data or conduct financial operations online, you might want a browser that doesn't collect any private data.
WhiteHat Aviator blocks holes through which most malicious sites infect your computer. It cuts out all ads and disables the media autoplay. This way, nothing on a website you visit can launch without your permission. By default, Aviator opens in Incognito mode and removes all traces of your online activity when you close it. On top of that, Aviator uses the DuckDuckGo search engine by default — a privacy-focused service that doesn't link search activity to a user.
For media junkies: Citrio
Dozens of browsers and applications claim that they can speed up downloads, but only a few actually produce noticeable results. Citrio is one of them.
Besides being a browser, Citrio has many additional features, like an integrated bit-torrent client, proxy switcher, video saver and a download manager. The latter is what deserves attention: the download manager not only allows you to resume interrupted or paused downloads, but also speeds them up. Depending on where you download from, you may see a boost between two and five times times your usual speed. This isn't the only working download accelerator, but it gives noticeable results.
For lightweight browsing: Midori
If you're running a low-end machine or have decided to infuse a second life into an old laptop, you've probably noticed that browsers tend to occupy lots of RAM. Maybe you don't need all those fancy extensions, Facebook integration and tons of online services. If you need your browser solely for web research, email and a little social media, Midori will satisfy your humble needs without slowing down your PC.
Midori actually originates from Linux, but there is also a Windows version. Not too much to say here: Midori is simple as you would expect, offering tabbed browsing, search, bookmarks, speed dial and some basic extensions (disabled by default). So it doesn't have much to occupy your RAM with. The simple interface contributes to a lightweight browsing experience without the IE 6 feel so common among other light browsers.
For gamers: Coowon
If you like playing simple web-based games and want to gain an advantage in them, Coowon is a browser that can spice up your gaming experience.
Coowon is designed with online gaming in mind. It offers multiple separate windows to log in to different game accounts, gamepad support for your Logitech or Xbox controller and a “Boss” key to immediately hide the games and pretend that you're working. Coowon also increases in-game speed, so if a game makes you wait through several hours for a particular event to happen, you can just fast forward ahead and save your time.
For visually oriented research: SpaceTime3D
Researching a topic online usually requires browsing through dozens of sites, clicking on every link the search engine provides you with just to peek inside and see what's there. If this is a common situation for you, then there is an interesting alternative.
Okay, so technically SpaceTime3D isn't a browser. Rather, it's an application (also available for web) that lets you preview all the pages that Google has found. Instead of clicking on each separate link, you can scroll through all the sites, previewing them and learning about their content. Is it original? Yes. Does this increase your productivity? Try it and see for yourself.
For aliens: Alienforce
A lot of people just love Firefox. Aliens, meanwhile, are probably using the Alienforce browser.
Alienforce is basically nothing more than your usual Firefox, save for some cosmetic upgrades. Though it claims to speed up your browsing, that effect is hardly noticeable. But Alienforce can give you some mixed extraterrestrial feeling of Firefox and Opera thanks to its interface layout and tabbed browsing. If you believe that the truth is out there, then you'll like this browser.
Away fans from all Premier League clubs are to see tickets capped at £20 for the first time over the coming weeks thanks to a pioneering move by Virgin Media and the Football Supporters' Federation.
The national supporters' organisation launched the "Twenty's Plenty" campaign in January 2013, calling on clubs at all levels to recognise travelling supporters by capping ticket prices.
Premier League clubs have capped away tickets at £30 since the start of the season as part of a three-year agreement, but Virgin Media is now reimbursing the cost of tickets above £20 for a single away fixture at all top-tier clubs.
The majority of matches covered by the initiative, in partnership with the FSF, are being held between April 15 and 23, while Virgin Media, Southampton's shirt sponsor, already subsidises every visiting supporters' ticket to St Mary's to £20.
Kevin Miles, chief executive of the FSF, said: "The Football Supporters' Federation has a long-standing rally cry -- Twenty's Plenty for Away Tickets.
"We're delighted that Virgin Media has helped make that a reality at many upcoming top-flight games.
"Thanks to this Twenty's Plenty deal, tens of thousands of top-flight fans could potentially save hundreds of thousands of pounds in the coming weeks. It's a great idea.''
Brigitte Trafford of Virgin Media added: "We want to be part of a positive change for Premier League football fans across the country and are stepping up by subsidising away tickets to £20.
"Away fans are at the heart of the game and their tickets need to be affordable. Without them, the atmosphere in grounds is reduced and their teams don't feel supported.''
Fans can claim their subsidy after their team's match by visiting the website.
Well, what can we say, Mark Cavendish has again showed us who is the best bunch sprinter in the Tour de France by winning in the 19th stage of Tour de France 2009. But we cannot really be sure if he'll be wearing the green sprinter's jersey in Paris because Thor Hushovd is still in the lead with enough points. read below for more Tour de France Stage 19 results details and complete list.
Here is the Tour de France Stage 19 results
Top stage 19 results
1 Mark Cavendish (GBr) Team Columbia – HTC 3:50:35
2 Thor Hushovd (Nor) Cervelo Test Team
3 Gerald Ciolek (Ger) Team Milram
4 Greg Van Avermaet (Bel) Silence – Lotto
5 Oscar Freire Gomez (Spa) Rabobank
6 Jérôme Pineau (Fra) Quick Step
7 Fumiyuki Beppu (Jpn) Skil-Shimano
8 Nicolas Roche (Irl) AG2R La Mondiale
9 Christophe Le Mevel (Fra) Française des Jeux
10 Martijn Maaskant (Ned) Garmin – Slipstream
11 Geoffroy Lequatre (Fra) Agritubel
12 Lance Armstrong (USA) Astana
13 Serguei Ivanov (Rus) Team Katusha 0:04
14 Bradley Wiggins (GBr) Garmin – Slipstream
15 Andy Schleck (Lux) Team Saxo Bank
16 Mikel Astarloza Chaurreau (Spa) Euskaltel – Euskadi
17 Tony Martin (Ger) Team Columbia – HTC
18 Vladimir Karpets (Rus) Team Katusha
19 Rinaldo Nocentini (Ita) AG2R La Mondiale
20 Andreas Klöden (Ger) Astana
General classification
1 Alberto Contador Velasco (Spa) Astana 77:06:18
2 Andy Schleck (Lux) Team Saxo Bank 4:11 behind
3 Lance Armstrong (USA) Astana 5:21
4 Bradley Wiggins (GBr) Garmin – Slipstream 5:36
5 Andreas Klöden (Ger) Astana 5:38
6 Fränk Schleck (Lux) Team Saxo Bank 5:59
7 Vincenzo Nibali (Ita) Liquigas 7:15
8 Christian Vande Velde (USA) Garmin – Slipstream 10:08
9 Christophe Le Mevel (Fra) Française des Jeux 12:37
10 Mikel Astarloza Chaurreau (Spa) Euskaltel – Euskadi 12:38
11 Vladimir Karpets (Rus) Team Katusha 13:36
12 Roman Kreuziger (Cze) Liquigas 14:08
13 Sandy Casar (Fra) Française des Jeux 14:37
14 Rinaldo Nocentini (Ita) AG2R La Mondiale 15:27
15 Carlos Sastre Candil (Spa) Cervelo Test Team 17:23
16 Stéphane Goubert (Fra) AG2R La Mondiale 19:47
17 Jurgen Van Den Broeck (Bel) Silence – Lotto 19:49
18 Alexandre Botcharov (Rus) Team Katusha 24:26
19 Christian Knees (Ger) Team Milram 27:51
20 George Hincapie (USA) Team Columbia – HTC 28:20
Read Full Story from: www.inquisitr.com
Share It : FaceBook MySpace Email More
Study Oversight
The IABP-SHOCK II trial was a multicenter, open-label, randomized study. The design of the trial has been published previously.11 The trial was designed by the first author and modified by the steering committee (see the Supplementary Appendix, available with the full text of this article at NEJM.org); the trial design was approved by the ethics committee at each participating center. Neither Maquet Cardiopulmonary nor Teleflex Medical, both of which supported the study with unrestricted grants, had any involvement in the study. Data were maintained at the Myocardial Infarction Research Institute in Ludwigshafen, Germany, where all the statistical analyses were performed by independent personnel. The steering committee vouches for the integrity and completeness of the data, and the statistician for the accuracy of data analysis; all the authors vouch for the fidelity of the study to the trial protocol, which is available at NEJM.org.
Patients
Patients were eligible for the trial if they presented with an acute myocardial infarction (with or without ST-segment elevation) complicated by cardiogenic shock and if early revascularization (by means of PCI or CABG) was planned. A patient was considered to be in cardiogenic shock if he or she had a systolic blood pressure of less than 90 mm Hg for more than 30 minutes or needed infusion of catecholamines to maintain a systolic pressure above 90 mm Hg, had clinical signs of pulmonary congestion, and had impaired end-organ perfusion. The diagnosis of impaired end-organ perfusion required at least one of the following: altered mental status; cold, clammy skin and extremities; oliguria with urine output of less than 30 ml per hour; or serum lactate level higher than 2.0 mmol per liter.
Patients were not eligible for the study if they had undergone resuscitation for more than 30 minutes; had no intrinsic heart action; were in a coma with fixed dilatation of pupils that was not induced by drugs; had a mechanical cause of cardiogenic shock (e.g., ventricular septal defect or papillary muscle rupture); had onset of shock more than 12 hours before screening; had a massive pulmonary embolism, severe peripheral arterial disease precluding insertion of an intraaortic balloon pump, or aortic regurgitation greater than grade II in severity (on a scale of I to IV, with higher grades indicating more severe regurgitation); were older than 90 years of age; were in shock as a result of a condition other than acute myocardial infarction; or had a severe concomitant disease associated with a life expectancy of less than 6 months. Patients in cardiogenic shock who were not eligible for randomization were entered into a registry. All patients or their legally authorized representatives provided written informed consent.11
Treatment
Eligible patients were randomly assigned, in a 1:1 ratio, to intraaortic balloon counterpulsation (IABP group) or no intraaortic balloon counterpulsation (control group). Randomization was performed centrally with the use of an Internet-based program, with stratification according to center.
The intraaortic balloon pump was inserted either before the PCI or immediately after the PCI, with the timing of the insertion at the discretion of the investigator. Support was initiated with the use of 1:1 electrocardiographic triggering (i.e., balloon inflation and deflation triggered by the R wave) and was maintained until there was sustained hemodynamic stabilization, which was defined as a systolic blood pressure higher than 90 mm Hg for more than 30 minutes without the need for catecholamines.11 Weaning from the pump was achieved by means of reduction of the trigger ratio.11 Crossover of patients in the control group to intraaortic balloon counterpulsation was allowed only if mechanical complications (ventricular septal defect or papillary muscle rupture) developed after randomization.
All the patients were expected to undergo early revascularization and to receive the best available medical treatment according to guidelines.6-8,12 The mode of revascularization (primary PCI with treatment of the target lesion only, PCI of the target lesion plus additional immediate or staged PCI of nontarget lesions, or CABG) was left to the discretion of the operator. Intensive care treatment was standardized according to the German–Austrian S3 Guideline, which was provided to all study sites.12
End Points
The primary study end point was 30-day all-cause mortality. Secondary end points included serial assessments of serum lactate levels, creatinine clearance (measured with the use of the Cockcroft–Gault formula13), C-reactive protein levels, and severity of disease as assessed with the use of the Simplified Acute Physiology Score (SAPS) II. The SAPS II is calculated from 17 variables; scores range from 0 to 163, with higher scores indicating more severe disease.14 We also assessed process-of-care outcomes including blood pressure and heart rate before and after revascularization, the time to hemodynamic stabilization, the dose and duration of catecholamine therapy, the requirement for renal-replacement therapy, the length of stay in the intensive care unit, the requirement for and length of time on mechanical ventilation, and the requirement for implantation of an active (percutaneous or surgical) left ventricular assist device or for heart transplantation.
Safety end points included severe or life-threatening bleeding and moderate bleeding during the hospital stay, as assessed according to the Global Use of Strategies to Open Occluded Coronary Arteries (GUSTO) criteria15; peripheral ischemic vascular complications requiring surgical or interventional therapy; sepsis with clinical signs of infection and elevated procalcitonin levels (2 ng per milliliter or higher); and stroke, identified by the presence of new neurologic symptoms in conjunction with signs of ischemia or bleeding on computed tomography.
Statistical Analysis
The study was powered to detect a difference of 12 percentage points in 30-day survival rates, assuming a rate of 56% in the control group. An independent data and safety monitoring board conducted interim analyses after enrollment of 33% and 66% of the patients, using a group sequential design with an O'Brien–Fleming boundary.11 The global type I error level was set at 0.05. The trial could be discontinued if the null hypothesis of equal survival rates was rejected at a significance level of 0.0005 at the first interim analysis or 0.014 at the second interim analysis. The final analysis was undertaken at an alpha level of 0.044. Therefore, 282 patients per group were needed to test the null hypothesis with the desired power. The estimate of the sample size took into consideration a putative center effect, which was assumed to be within a range of ±5% for almost all centers (95%). The intraclass correlation coefficient was then 0.0013, yielding a total of 588 patients to be evaluated. To allow for a 2% dropout rate, we recruited 600 patients.
All the data were analyzed according to the intention-to-treat principle. In addition, a per-protocol analysis of the primary end point, which included data from all patients who had confirmed acute myocardial infarction with the exclusion of those who crossed over, was performed to evaluate the robustness of the data. For the primary end point, the chi-square test was used to compare mortality between the two groups. Cumulative mortality throughout the first 30 days after randomization was characterized with the use of Kaplan–Meier plots, with the log-rank test used for the comparison between the two groups. Secondary end points were assessed with the use of Fisher's exact test or the chi-square test for binary end points and a Mann–Whitney U test for quantitative end points.
Prespecified subgroup analyses were performed in subgroups defined according to sex, age (<50 years, 50 to 75 years, or >75 years), presence or absence of diabetes, presence or absence of arterial hypertension, myocardial infarction with ST-segment elevation versus myocardial infarction without ST-segment elevation, anterior versus nonanterior myocardial infarction, and previous or no previous myocardial infarction. Post hoc subgroup analyses were performed in subgroups defined according to the presence or absence of induced mild hypothermia and systolic blood pressure of less than 80 mm Hg versus 80 or more mm Hg at the time of randomization.
If you haven't heard about Seriously Digital Entertainment you've been probably living under a rock for a while. This new company from Finland managed to create one of the fastest growing mobile titles of 2014. The game Best Fiends recently achieved 10 million downloads and we were lucky enough to discuss this success with the company's co-founder Petri Järvilehto.
We all know that your company has a lot of talented guys from Rovio. Could you tell us in short how did your company come to be, what kind of people work there and where are you guys based?
We started up Seriously with the core idea that in creative fields small, focused teams can be a lot more effective than large organizations. We've been building the talent base by focusing on just getting the best people in their respective fields, so we have people with backgrounds in companies such as 20th Century Fox, Natural Motion, Rovio, Remedy, Supercell and so on. So far, I think we've been very lucky getting such an amazing team together.
All the development is done in our Helsinki studio, and business dev, marketing and similar functions are headed from our Los Angeles office.
Your game Best Fiends recently celebrated 10 million downloads. This is quite an achievement for a new mobile title. What do you think are the main points that helped you to gather such user base?
We set out to build a game that's fun and super approachable, but that also provides a compelling new twist to the classic puzzle genre with the leveling up mechanics and introduces a compelling character cast. I think the combination of great characters and refreshing new take on puzzle gameplay is working out really well.
What kind of tools helped you during the development?
Our tech stack is a fully integrated combination of Unity, Parse, Perforce, Jenkins, Flowdock and Redmine to name some key components. One of the things we've prioritized is super fast iteration times. Let's say an artist checks in a new texture, he can check it instantly inside Unity, but also our Jenkins setup will start instantly building a new game build. And in a minute everyone on the team can do a over the air download to see how the latest build looks on the device. Fast iteration times result directly into being able to build better games.
Best Fiends looks and feels like a big budget title. Could you share some info about the production budget of the project? Was it expensive to build? And if this info is top secret, what are your general estimates to building a nice mobile title these days? How much does it cost? We think a lot of people still have some illusions, believing that “mobile games are cheap games”.
The game came together really fast – core development from zero to soft launch was basically six people, six months. Given the focused team size and the really, really fast execution the cost was pretty reasonable. Having said that, we go out of our way to really push the creative angle and find the best creative talent (both in-house and external partners) and we really invested in best of class production. For example, the soundtrack was composed by Heitor Pereira (Despicable Me and 20 other movies) and recorded live with the Budapest Philharmonic Orchestra.
Could you share some information about your development process? Do you start with prototypes, art, bare game mechanics? How do you flesh out the game and when do you decide if the title is worthy or better be thrown away?
Once we have a concept, we go to a playable proto as early as possible. And from first playable onwards, we try to maintain the game always in a playable state and keep working with highly iterative process. In many cases, I think it's just best to get a (or even any) version of the feature or asset into the game so that you can get a feel on how it's going to interact with the rest of the game as early as possible. It's not uncommon that we'll just plug in v0.1 of a feature in the game, then “let it simmer” for a few weeks so that we'll have a bit more time to play around with it to make sure we know where to go with the next iteration. With Best Fiends, we had the game fun, playable and addictive already well before we started making it pretty. Once you have something fun, it's easier to prettify. As to the decision making process, we don't do “design by spreadsheet” – rather we trust our creative process and experience and then validate with data. With Best Fiends, we have hours and hours of gameplay video on each development build with test audiences that we keep analyzing. Watching the audience play your game is one of the most effective ways of evaluating whether people actually enjoy what you're trying to achieve. And obviously, once you soft-launch and get the first bigger cohorts into the game, you can then track actual behavior data and keep improving based on that.
How do you manage 1 million active users a day? This is a huge responsibility and a lot of work. Could you name some of the tools that has proven most useful for work with audience and mobile users?
Yes, it's definitely a large responsibility. With every update, we're always improving the game, reviewing whether the audience at large is having a good time and is engaged, and we also put a lot of work into analysis difficulty behavior, number of retries per level and so on to really keep everything balanced “just right”.
We also try to really push the engagement angle and provide the players constantly with new updates and new varied content. Best Fiends today is a lot better game than what it was at launch, and there are lots of great new twists and great new content on the way. We're just getting started.
We've also been putting more and more effort into social and support. We're engaging people on Facebook and Twitter and nowadays, we're also very active with direct support, making sure everyone e-mails gets an immediate response. We also integrated Helpshift in-game service into the game, so you can just hit Settings / Support to read FAQ's or reach out to us directly from within the game.
What kind of systems to you use for analysis? Do you agree that sometimes it's more reasonable to use a couple of analytics systems to recheck everything?
We're currently using Omniata. And yes, it's not a bad idea to integrate a few overlapping systems to validate and verify your data.
A couple of words about game dev scene in Finland. There are so many great studious over there. What do you think helped you country to become one of the biggest producer of the highest quality games in the world?
Mobile gaming scene over here is super exciting. There are so many different studios, so many different teams working on various interesting new approaches. I think it's been pretty much a perfect storm of gaming. We got started initially with the demoscene, then Nokia was instrumental in building up the mobile ecosystem. Games industry started over here in the mid 90's and since then the local game industry has been very active community. For example the monthly IGDA meetings draw hundreds of developers every time. Nowadays, the ecosystem over here is pretty amazing.
Last question. What are your plans for the future? What should we expect from Seriously in the future?
We're very happy with the way the audience is getting into Best Fiends and now it's up to us to take it to the next level from here. On many levels, it feels like this is just the beginning. There's so many exciting new things that we have planned for the first title that we're dying to share with the audience. At the same time, we have a focused core team already making awesome progress with the next (completely different) Best Fiends title and a few other surprises coming shortly.
Will be an exciting year. Seriously.
Petri Järvilehto, Co-Founder of Seriously Digital Entertainment.
The other day retired journalist and fellow curmudgeon, Tony Seton, sent me an email he received from a Democrat in congress asking him his opinion about a number of issues. He replied, as I would have, but more politely, that that's what he sent her to congress to do; make the right decisions about the things he cared about.
Thanks to an exception congress carved out for themselves in the widely ignored "Do Not Call List," I get at least three calls a week from political polling companies wanting to know how I feel about this or that issue or issues.
The right thing to do when you get calls like that is to hang up on them. No explanations or apologies required. And no, you are not shirking your duty as a citizen. You performed that duty, all of it, when you voted in the last election.
Let's get this straight. Once every two, four or six years, depending on the office, we have to listen, ad nauseaum, to all the things the candidates feel, think, believe, will do, will not do, have done but will never do again, can't wait to do, did before and would do again, believe in, don't believe in, will fight for or will fight against.
Armed with this (often dubious) portfolio of promises, we vote for the candidate we believe - or at least hope - will do what he/she assured us they would do.
Ah, but what about stuff that pops up later? Things that were not issues back when we voted?
Hello! When we voted we sent someone off to do our business for a set number of years. When we voted for him/her we used the impressions they created during the campaign as a gauge of whether we were comfortable, not just with their position on current issues, but with their decision-making abilities. It wasn't like we didn't know new issues would emerge during their term of office. We knew there would be unforeseen issues and we figured, when we voted for a specific candidate that he/she had the mental, emotional and moral fibre required to make the right choices. But, if they fail us in that expectation, then we un-elect them next time around.
That's how it's supposed to work. That's the whole goddamn enchilada.
But polling has become a kind of cheat-sheet for politicians. Now they want to know ahead of time how we feel about damn near anything that might affect our vote next time around. More often than not it boils down to whether or not they should just go ahead and make the right decision for the state or nation, or first find out how much trouble that might cause them back home if they do.
Polling now drives so many, if not virtually all, political decisions then we are no longer a republic, but a village of 350 million. Polling on this scale turns us all into defacto-citizen legislators.
That's the kind of governance today's hyper-polling produces.
Well hell, if that's how it's going to work from now, why are we wasting time and tons of money running campaigns. Why vote one every few years when folks can vote every morning over coffee?
If that's what we want, then let's just admit it and get on with it. After all, we have the technology now to manage such a large village; online debates, online polls, online voting, online impeachment. And God knows there's no shortage of online pundits - like me.
If that's what we want.
But I sure as hell don't want that. I've seen the kind of ideas the sausage factory of unharnessed mass opinion produces, and it ain't pretty - or democratic.A virtual Tower of Babel of appalling mendacity and mediocrity.
No, I want to vote for hopefully educated and sane people who perform the job I sent them off to do so I can go about my daily life pursuing the things I want to do. They said they wanted to govern - well fine - so freakin' govern. I sure as hell don't want to govern. If I did, I'd run for office. But I have other things to do. So, I want them to do what they said, act the way they said, think the way the said and govern the way they said when I voted for them. Then, if the don't, or I change my mind, I will vote for someone else.
I'm sorry. I know this is all so 5th grade civics, and beneath you. But apparently it's not beneath virtually every politician in office today. Polls - monthly polls, weekly polls, daily polls even hourly polls, now dominate the lives and minds and decisions of most politicians. Right behind polling is the other activity that consumes the rest of their days in office, fundraising - so they can afford to pay from more polling.
Leaders lead. Wankers poll.
_______
newsforreal.com
About author Stephen Pizzo is the author of numerous books, including "Inside Job: The Looting of America's Savings and Loans," which was nominated for a Pulitzer. His web site is Stephen Pizzo is the author of numerous books, including "Inside Job: The Looting of America's Savings and Loans," which was nominated for a Pulitzer. His web site is News For Real
The mcr-1 gene confers resistance to the polymyxins, including the antibiotic colistin, a medication of last resort for multidrug-resistant infections. The mcr-1 gene was first reported in 2015 in food, animal, and patient isolates from China (1) and is notable for being the first plasmid-mediated colistin resistance mechanism to be identified. Plasmids can be transferred between bacteria, potentially spreading the resistance gene to other bacterial species. Since its discovery, the mcr-1 gene has been reported from Africa, Asia, Europe, South America, and North America (2,3), including the United States, where it has been identified in Escherichia coli isolated from three patients and from two intestinal samples from pigs (2,4–6). In July 2016, the Pathogen Detection System at the National Center for Biotechnology Information (Bethesda, Maryland) identified mcr-1 in the whole genome sequence of an E. coli isolate from a Connecticut patient (7); this is the fourth isolate from a U.S. patient to contain the mcr-1 gene.
To isolate was non-Shiga toxin–producing E. coli O157 from stool collected on June 16, 2016 from a pediatric patient with diarrhea. The patient traveled to the Caribbean for approximately 2 weeks to visit friends and relatives and developed fever and bloody diarrhea on June 12, 2 days before returning to the United States. The patient took paromomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic, from symptom onset until a pediatric outpatient visit on June 16, at which time a stool specimen was collected. The patient was not hospitalized and, in addition to the primary care visit, had one brief emergency department visit during the illness.
E. coli O157 harboring mcr-1 was isolated from three stool cultures from the patient: the June 16 culture and follow-up cultures on June 18 and 23. Reference susceptibility testing by broth microdilution showed that the isolates had a colistin (also known as polymyxin E) minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) of 2 μg/ml, and polymyxin B MIC of 4 μg/ml. The isolates also carried a plasmid bla cmy-2 gene, which encodes AmpC, an enzyme that confers resistance to third generation cephalosporins; the isolates were susceptible to carbapenems. Stool cultures on June 24 and July 1 were negative for E. coli O157.
The patient's parent and health care provider were interviewed to assess patient risk factors and close contacts who might be at risk for acquiring bacteria carrying mcr-1. The patient was typically healthy with no prior surgeries or hospitalizations. The patient's usual diet included fruit, dairy products, and meat (pork, chicken, and beef). While traveling, the patient ate chicken and goat meat from a live animal market that the patient did not visit. The patient stayed in a home with a pet cat and dog in the Caribbean but did not have any animal contact in the United States.
Persons with close contact with the patient, particularly those involved in bathing or diapering, were considered to be at risk for mcr-1 acquisition. On July 19–20, perirectal swabs were obtained from all six identified household contacts; a perirectal swab and swab of a soiled diaper from the patient were collected approximately 24 hours apart. Bacteria with the mcr-1 gene were not detected by real-time polymerase chain reaction in any specimen, indicating that the patient and family members were not colonized with bacteria carrying mcr-1. Sixteen environmental samples collected from surfaces in the kitchen and diaper changing area of the patient's home were negative for the presence of mcr-1. The patient did not have close contact with other persons after returning to the United States. Health care personnel had no direct contact with the patient's body fluids and were not screened.
In this investigation of potentially travel-associated mcr-1 acquisition, no transmission beyond the index patient or persistent environmental contamination were identified, and the patient was transiently colonized. At this time, CDC recommends that Enterobacteriaceae isolates with a colistin or polymyxin B MIC ≥4 μg/ml be tested for the presence of mcr-1; testing is available through CDC (5).* Prompt reporting of mcr-1–carrying isolates to public health officials allows for a rapid response to identify transmission and limit further spread.
We all know the old saying, "You never get a second chance to make a first impression."
Tuesday's budget was the Official Opposition's best opportunity since the election to make a positive impression by offering an alternative view.
Boy did the Wildrose Party blow it.
Everything had been unfolding predictably. Wildrose leader Brian Jean hammering home the party's position on the budget with the assistance of his finance critic, Derek Fildebrandt.
But then Fildebrandt refused to answer a question. That's not unheard of in a scrum, but this wasn't a decision to dance around a subject. It was personal.
The question Globe and Mail reporter Carrie Tait asked wasn't offensive in any way. Fildebrandt first replied he wasn't responding to questions from political journalists. Then he went on to accuse Tait of being unprofessional.
There is some recent history between these two. Tait wrote a pre-budget story quoting Fildebrandt extensively. He claims the article "attributes things I never said and was unfair."
The exchange
She tells me she stands by the story and so does her paper. Here is a look at the exchange:
Wildrose finance critic Derek Fildebrandt refused to answer a question from Globe and Mail reporter Carrie Tait after the Alberta budget was unveiled. 0:16
"What specifically was the most financially offensive?" asked Tait.
"Sorry we're not taking questions from political journalists," replied Fildebrandt.
"What was the most financially offensive?" Tait asked again.
"Other questions," Fildebrandt replied.
"I'm asking a question," said Tait.
"I'm not taking questions from people who don't conduct themselves professionally thank you," replied Fildebrandt.
The scrum went on for a bit longer but I suspect few were paying much attention at that point. The train had left the message track.
Reaction swift
Political strategist Stephen Carter didn't mince words on CBC Calgary News at 6.
CBC Calgary's political panel of Stephen Carter, Corey Hogan, and Zain Velji with their take on the Alberta NDP's first provincial budget. 8:11
"On the biggest day of the provincial government so far [Fildebrandt] takes the entire group off message and goes into petulant childish behaviour."
The snub got a lot of traffic on social media.
Oh Derek Fildebrandt. Brian Jean is going to rue the day that you were elected. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/wrp?src=hash">#wrp</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ableg?src=hash">#ableg</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/abpoli?src=hash">#abpoli</a> —@MarcPower
Derek Fildebrandt. Just not ready. <a href="https://t.co/JT5r44RNSk">https://t.co/JT5r44RNSk</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ableg?src=hash">#ableg</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/wrp?src=hash">#wrp</a> —@duncankinney
He added even more fuel to the fire with yet another personal shot — a tweet he has since deleted and apologized for.
Good thing I screencapped <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/wrp?src=hash">#wrp</a> Derek Fildebrandt's tweet. It is so sad when tweets go missing. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ableg?src=hash">#ableg</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/yql?src=hash">#yql</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/abpoli?src=hash">#abpoli</a> <a href="https://t.co/Z7IYXCAD0E">pic.twitter.com/Z7IYXCAD0E</a> —@UncleRee1
This is not the first time a politician has taken issue with a reporter, and it won't be the last, and it's not my place to question Fildebrandt's position or defend a colleague's work.
I've never even met Tait, but I do know Fildebrandt.
Before entering politics he was a regular pundit on our weekly CBC TV political panel. His sharp tongue made for smart and engaging TV.
Yes, his tone was acerbic at times, but he was never disrespectful.
Answer given by Wildrose leader, respectfully
Only Fildebrandt knows why he decided to act the way he did on Tuesday. But the outburst comes amid a climate of hostility towards journalists in recent years. It's no secret that some in the Conservative Party of Canada have contempt for the media.
So is this a sign that the CPC's provincial cousin is picking up the mantle?
Not if you believe that ultimately, it's the party leader who sets the tone. Brian Jean is a former Conservative MP. He's seen this movie before and looked less than comfortable when his critic took aim in that scrum.
No doubt recognizing that his party's opportunity was being overshadowed, Jean answered Tait's question himself — respectfully.
Manners matter when you're trying to make a positive first impression. In politics, as in life, you don't get a second chance.
The potential middleweight title contenders have come out of the woodwork in recent weeks, ever since Michael Bisping defeated Luke Rockhold to win the belt at UFC 199.
There's Ronaldo Souza and Yoel Romero, who are as deserving as anyone. There's Chris Weidman, the former champ with a Bisping beef. Dan Henderson has thrown his name into the hat courtesy of a long history -- and classic knockout -- of Bisping. Even Anderson Silva, arguably the greatest of all time and coming off a loss to Bisping, has called out "The Count."
If you thought people calling out Bisping was prevalent before, now there might as well be a line outside his Orange County gym.
At the end of the day, though, Rockhold still believes that it's him and everyone else in the race for the next title shot. And he thinks he has the inside track, too.
"I think the odds are high," Rockhold told Ariel Helwani in a recent episode of The MMA Hour. "I think the opportunity is there. ... I f*cked up the whole division. I put Bisping in a place where he feels empowered and he's trying to pick and choose his fights. I think it's put a strain on everything, on all the matchups that need to happen. My bad. I f*cked up. I'm sorry to the fighters and I'm sorry to the fans that they have to deal with this piece of sh*t."
Bisping knocked out Rockhold in the first round June 6 in Los Angeles. It was a shocking result. Rockhold was a sizable favorite and already had a dominant, second-round submission win over Bisping under his belt. After the fight, the two exchanged words in the Octagon and things got very heated at the press conference.
"He's a tough guy," Rockhold said. "I lost fair and square. But the odds of that happening are fairly low. He caught me on the tip of my chin on the way out in a perfect moment and then followed it up.
"Congrats to him. He won. I think the guy is a true piece of sh*t and I think he's classless. Like I said, I'd love the opportunity to get that back. I think the odds are the odds and I'd love to write that wrong and fix it for everybody. I don't think he deserves it. I don't think he knew he was gonna do it. Obviously his reaction tells that. It's not gonna last long. I want that back. I want to settle the score. It's 1-1."
Rockhold (15-3) went into that fight with a sprained MCL and didn't do any grappling in training camp. More than that, though, the Santa Cruz, Calif., native felt like he needed to do something more impressive than just beat Bisping, since he finished him with such aplomb last time. That and overconfidence, he said, was his undoing.
"I think you need those nerves," Rockhold said. "They keep you honest, they keep you precise. They heighten your senses. I went in there with no nerves and thinking I had to put on a performance nobody had, go out there and show something different."
It was something different, all right. Way different than everyone -- including Rockhold -- expected. Now, Bisping has the title after a 10-year run struggling to get a title shot and seems to hold all the cards, too. Rockhold thinks Bisping is going to play it conservative and try to keep the belt for as long as he can.
"I think I screwed up the whole middleweight division," Rockhold said. "I think I put them in a tough spot. I think Bisping is obviously doing more of that, him being the ballsy guy and claiming how tough he is and he'll do this and he'll do that. He's being very picky about who he's fighting next. It seems like he's running from quite a few people. We see the true colors come out in Bisping. It's all coming out now."
The list of possible challengers is a long one. Rockhold, with his résumé in full view, believes he is still the best choice for the job.
"I think it makes the most sense of anything out there," Rockhold said. "I've already beat Weidman. He can't jump me for that. I've already beat Jacare. I'm the No. 1 contender. I've already beat Bisping. I think the rubber match is there and I think that's the fight to make. I want this."
Will he get it? It's ultimately up to the UFC, though Bisping will have plenty of says.
"It's not gonna last," Rockhold said, directing his words to Bisping. "Face the music. Try to be a real champion. If you want to be a real champion, go out there and let's fight. Fight me. Fight one of the top guys. You know I'm your route to being that true champion that you always wished you could be."
COLORADO SPRINGS — Colorado State quarterback Nick Stevens was dumbfounded this summer when his coach told him the news.
“I think I'm going to announce to the media that I'm going to bench you right now in the summer, and then name you the starter before the first game,” CSU coach Mike Bobo told him.
Relax. He was only joking.
But given the Rams' track record at quarterback during the past two seasons since the departure of Garrett Grayson, who set nearly every passing record CSU has before being selected by the New Orleans Saints in the third round of the 2015 NFL draft, it's no surprise that Stevens would have concern he needs to prove himself — again.
He has twice won the starting job in the preseason, but never outright. As a sophomore in 2015, he passed for 2,679 yards, 21 touchdowns and 12 interceptions while completing 60.8 percent of his attempts, but his leash remained short, at times being benched in big games in favor of freshman Coleman Key.
Last season, Stevens won the battle again -– this time a three-way competition against Georgia transfer Faton Bauta and true freshman Collin Hill -– but struggled so much in the opener against the University of Colorado, he found himself playing third fiddle three games into the season. It wasn't until Bauta proved ineffective and Hill went down with a torn anterior cruciate ligament that Stevens was given another chance. And it was that opportunity that has made him arguably the most intriguing college football player in Colorado to watch heading into the 2017 season. Related Articles February 18, 2019 Colorado State football adds ASU graduate transfer Jalen Bates
February 16, 2019 Irv Brown's iconic Colorado sports legacy honored at celebration of life
February 14, 2019 Collin Hill vs. Patrick O'Brien: CSU Rams spring practice quarterback battle
February 8, 2019 Alliance of American Football: Former Broncos, Rams and Buffs to watch
February 6, 2019 Unusual college football signing day stories: Germany-to-CSU
“I watch every game. … I thought Nick played really well at the end of the year (in 2015), and then last year, at the beginning of the year, he wasn't playing a lot, then he started playing well again,” CU coach Mike MacIntyre said. “I think Nick Stevens is a great quarterback.”
But this season, there is no debate in Fort Collins about who will start under center. It's Stevens. With 4,751 career yards passing and 41 touchdowns through the air, he'll look to lead the Rams to their fifth consecutive bowl game while turning heads against three Power 5 opponents (Oregon State, CU and Alabama) along the way. And while he's the most established quarterback from the state's major-college football teams heading into 2017, there's plenty of talent across the board.
In Boulder, sophomore Steven Montez takes over for the graduated Sefo Liufau after proving he could dazzle as a redshirt freshman. In Liufau's absence last season, Montez started three games, going 2-1, including a record-setting performance in a win at Oregon when he became the first Buffs player to throw for more than 300 yards while rushing for more than 100 yards in the same game.
In limited playing time last year, Arion Worthman, who's expected to start for Air Force this fall, completed 23-of-39 pass attempts for 546 yards and four touchdowns, including a 215-yard game in a 41-38 win at San Jose State. He added 674 yards and six scores on the ground, averaging 16.3 yards per carry.
And at NCAA FCS Northern Colorado, coach Earnest Collins Jr. thinks Jacob Knipp, a graduate of Ralston Valley High School, can lead the Bears to their third consecutive winning season. Knipp broke the school's freshman passing records for yards (1,969), touchdowns (13) and completions (157) in 2015, but he suffered a season-ending shoulder injury three snaps into last season.
But with the bar Stevens set last year, posting the best passer efficiency mark in the country after Oct. 22, dethroning him as the top college quarterback in Colorado will be a tall task. Bobo knows it, but he's just happy to head into the season without a quarterback competition on his hands.
“He knows what I want now. He's taking control,” Bobo said. “Talking to the strength coach yesterday, I just feel like Nick's a different person with his demeanor and he's not afraid to take the bull by the horns.”
Footnotes. CSU's backfield in its season and on-campus stadium opener Aug. 26 against Oregon State is looking better than anticipated. Bobo said Wednesday that he originally expected sophomore running back Marvin Kinsey to return from his torn ACL in time for Mountain West play, but now thinks he'll be ready to go against the Beavers.
Kinsey rushed for 546 yards and seven touchdowns on 93 carries as a freshman before tearing his ACL before the Rams' appearance in the Potato Bowl.
James Damore, the software engineer who wrote an internal memo that questioned Google's diversity efforts and was fired as a result, will likely sue the company, according to The New York Times.
Damore told the Times he would “likely be pursuing legal action. I have a legal right to express my concerns about the terms and conditions of my working environment and to bring up potentially illegal behavior, which is what my document does.”
Damore revealed he had submitted a complaint to the National Labor Relations Board before he was fired claiming that Google's upper management was “misrepresenting and shaming me in order to silence my complaints,” adding it was “illegal to retaliate” against an N.L.R.B. charge.
The memo, called “Google's Ideological Echo Chamber,” triggered Google's chief executive, Sundar Pichai, to send a company-wide email titled “Our Words Matter” stating that the memo had violated the company's code of conduct and advanced “harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace.”
Pichai wrote, “The memo has clearly impacted our co-workers, some of whom are hurting and feel judged based on their gender. Our co-workers shouldn't have to worry that each time they open their mouths to speak in a meeting, they have to prove that they are not like the memo states, being ‘agreeable' rather than ‘assertive,' showing a ‘lower stress tolerance,' or being ‘neurotic.'”
In his memo, Damore wrote:
Google's political bias has equated the freedom from offense with psychological safety, but shaming into silence is the antithesis of psychological safety. This silencing has created an ideological echo chamber where some ideas are too sacred to be honestly discussed. The lack of discussion fosters the most extreme and authoritarian elements of this ideology. … Only facts and reason can shed light on these biases, but when it comes to diversity and inclusion, Google's left bias has created a politically correct monoculture that maintains its hold by shaming dissenters into silence. This silence removes any checks against encroaching extremist and authoritarian policies.
Damore had been employed by Google since 2013. He was a chess champion as a child, earning the FIDE Master title, finishing second in the National Youth Action 2003 Chess Tournament. He was also the highest ranked player in the world in the video game Rise of Nations in 2004. He has stated that he graduated from University of Illinois in 2010 as a James Scholar and was given the Bronze Tablet. He then went to Harvard University to get a Ph.D. in systems biology between 2011 to 2013, but it is not clear if he completed the degree.
Seems some conservatives are none too happy about President Obama being reelected. Disappointment is one thing and I am sure you heard many threats from people saying they were leaving the country if Obama got reelected. Well I guess they realized that most of the rest of the world is more socialist than the United States so instead, there are several states with petitions going to secede from the United States. One of the most active is from a group in Texas, who has pulled in more than 80,000 signatures so far.
Where is this petition taking place you ask, well on the White House website of course. Seems that any group that can get 25,000 signatures in 30 days would elicit a response from the President. We'll wait and see what he says.
Oh and some facts on illegal immigration were found here including the fact that Texas has about 16% of the illegal immigrants in the United States.
Arithmetic coding is a common algorithm used in both lossless and lossy data compression algorithms. It is an entropy encoding technique, in which the frequently seen symbols are encoded with fewer bits than lesser seen symbols. It has some advantages over well-known techniques such as Huffman coding. This article describes the CACM87 implementation of arithmetic coding in detail, giving you a good understanding of all the details needed to implement it.
On a historical note, this is an update of an article I wrote more than 20 years ago. That article was published in the print edition of Dr. Dobb's Journal, which meant that a lot of editing was done in order to avoid excessive page count. In particular, that Dr. Dobb's piece combined two topics: a description of arithmetic coding along with a discussion of compression using Prediction by Partial Matching (PPM).
Because space considerations are no longer a limiting factor on the Web, I hope to do justice to the fascinating details of arithmetic coding. PPM, a worthy topic of its own, will be discussed in a later article. While perhaps long, I hope that this new effort will be the thorough explanation of the subject I wanted to do in 1991.
I think the best way to understand arithmetic coding is to break it into two parts, and I'll use that idea in this article. First, I give a description of how arithmetic coding works, using regular floating-point arithmetic implemented using standard C++ data types. This approach allows for a completely understandable, but slightly impractical, implementation. In other words, it works, but it can only be used to encode very short messages.
The second section of the article describes an implementation in which we switch to doing a special type of math on unbounded binary numbers. This is a somewhat mind-boggling topic in itself, so it helps if you already understand arithmetic coding: You don't have get hung up trying to learn two things at once.
To wrap up, I present working sample code written in modern C++. It isn't the most optimized code in the world, but it is portable and easy to add to your existing projects. It should be perfect for learning and experimenting with this coding technique.
Fundamentals
The first thing to understand about arithmetic coding is what it produces. Arithmetic coding takes a message (often a file) composed of symbols (nearly always eight-bit characters), and converts it to a floating-point number greater than or equal to zero and less than one. This floating-point number can be quite long  effectively your entire output file is one long number  which means it is not a normal data type that you are accustomed to using in conventional programming languages. My implementation of the algorithm will have to create this floating-point number from scratch, bit by bit, and likewise read it in and decode it bit by bit. This encoding process is done incrementally. As each character in a file is encoded, a few bits will be added to the encoded message, so it is built up over time as the algorithm proceeds.
The second thing to understand about arithmetic coding is that it relies on a model to characterize the symbols it is processing. The job of the model is to tell the encoder what the probability of a character is in a given message. If the model gives an accurate probability of the characters in the message, they will be encoded very close to optimally. If the model misrepresents the probabilities of symbols, the encoder may actually expand a message instead of compressing it!
Encoding with Floating-Point Math
The term arithmetic coding covers two separate processes: encoding messages and decoding them. I'll start by looking at the encoding process with sample C++ code that implements the algorithm in a very limited form using C++ double data. The code in this first section is only useful for exposition. That is, don't try to do any real compression with it.
To perform arithmetic encoding, we first need to define a proper model. Remember that the function of the model is to provide probabilities of a given character in a message. The conceptual idea of an arithmetic coding model is that each symbol will own its own unique segment of the number line of real numbers between 0 and 1. It's important to note that there are many different ways to model character probabilities. Some models are static, never changing. Others are updated after every character is processed. The only two things that matter to us are that the model attempts to accurately predict the probability a character will appear, and that the encoder and decoder have identical models at all times.
As an example, we can start with an encoder that can encode only an alphabet of 100 different characters. In a simple static model, we will start with capital letters, then move to the lower case letters. This means that the first symbol, 'A', will own the number line from 0 to .01, 'B' will own .01 to .02, and so on. (In all cases, this is strictly a half-closed interval, so the probability range for 'A' is actually >= 0 and < .01.)
With this model, my encoder can represent the single letter 'B' by outputting a floating-point number that is less than .02 and greater than or equal to .01. So for example, an arithmetic encoder that wanted to create that single letter could output .15 and be done.
Obviously, an encoder that just outputs single characters is not much use. To encode a string of symbols involves a slightly more complicated process. In this process, the first character defines a range of the number line that corresponds to the section assigned to it by the model. For the character 'B', that means the message is between .01 and .02.
The next character in the message then further divides that existing range proportionate to its current ownership of the number line. So some other letter that owns the very end of the number line, from .99 to 1.0, would change the range from [.01,.02) to [.0199, .020). This progressive subdividing of the range is just simple multiplication and addition, and is best understood with a simple code sample. My first pass in C++, which is far from a working encoder, might look like this:
double high = 1.0; double low = 0.0; char c; while ( input >> c ) { std::pair<double,double> p = model.getProbability(c); double range = high - low; high = low + range * p.second; low = low + range * p.first; } output << low + (high-low)/2;
After the entire message has been processed, we have a final range, [low,high) . The encoder outputs a floating-point number right in the center of that range.
Examining the Floating-Point Prototype
The first pass encoder is demonstrated in the attached project as fp_proto.cpp . To get it working, I also needed to define a simple model. In this case, I've created a model that can encode 100 characters, with each having a fixed probability of .01, starting with 'A' in the first position. To keep things simple, I've only fleshed the class out enough to encode the capital letters from the ASCII character set:
struct { static std::pair<double,double> getProbability( char c ) { if (c >= 'A' && c <= 'Z') return std::make_pair( (c - 'A') * .01, (c - 'A') * .01 + .01); else throw "character out of range"; } } model;
So in this probability model, 'A' owns the range from 0.0 to 0.01, 'B' from .01 to .02, 'C' from .02 to .03, and so on. (Note that this is not an accurate or effective model, but its simplicity is useful at this point.) For a representative example, I called this encoder with the string " WXYZ ". Let's walk through what happens in the encoder:
We start with high and low set to 1.0 and 0.0. The encoder calls the model to get the probabilities for letter 'W', which returns the interval [0.22, 0.23)  the range along the probability line that 'W' owns in this model. If you step over the next two lines, you'll see that low is now set to 0.22, and high is set to 0.23.
If you examine how this works, you'll see that as each character is encoded, the range between high and low becomes narrower and narrower, but high will always be greater than low . Additionally, the value of low is always increasing, and value of high is always decreasing. These invariants are important in getting the algorithm to work properly.
So after the first character is encoded, we know that no matter what other values are encoded, the final number in the message will be less than .23 and greater than or equal to .22. Both low and high will be greater than equal to 0.22 and less than .23, and low will be strictly less than high . This means that when decoding, we are going to be able to determine that the first character is 'W' no matter what happens after this, because the final encoded number will fall into the range owned by 'W'. The narrowing process is roughly shown in Figure 1:
Figure 1: Narrowing process.
Let's see how this narrowing works when we process the second character, 'X'. The model returns a range of [.23, .24) for this character, and the subsequent recalculation of high and low results in and interval of [.2223, .2224). So high and low are still inside the original range of [.22, .23), but the interval has narrowed.
After the final two characters are included, the output looks like this:
Encoded message: 0.2223242550
I'll discus how the exact value we want to output needs to be chosen, but in theory at least (for this particular message), any floating-point number in the interval [0.22232425,0.22232426) should properly decode to the desired values.
Decoding With Floating-Point Math
I find the encoding algorithm to be very intuitive. The decoder reverses the process, and is no more complicated, but the steps might not seem quite as obvious. A first-pass algorithm at decoding this message would look something like this:
void decode(double message) { double high = 1.0; double low = 0.0; for ( ; ; ) { double range = high - low; char c = model.getSymbol((message - low)/range); std::cout << c; if ( c == 'Z' ) return; std::pair<double,double> p = model.getProbability(c); high = low + range * p.second; low = low + range * p.first; } }
The math in the decoder basically reverses the math from the encode side. To decode a character, the probability model just has to find the character whose range covers the current value of the message. When the decoder first starts up with the sample value of 0.22232425, the model sees that the value falls between the interval owned by 'W': [0.22,0.23); so the model returns W. In fp_proto.cpp , the decoder portion of the simple model looks like this:
static char getSymbol( double d) { if ( d >= 0.0 && d < 0.26) return 'A' + static_cast<int>(d*100); else throw "message out of range"; }
In the encoder, we continually narrow the range of the output value as each character is processed. In the decoder, we do the same narrowing of the portion of the message we are inspecting for the next character. After the 'W' is decoded, high and low will now define an interval of [0.22,0.23), with a range of .01. So the formula that calculates the next probability value to be decoded, (message - low)/range , will be .2324255, which lands right in the middle of of the range covered by 'X'.
This narrowing continues as the characters are decoded, until the hardcoded end of message, letter 'Z' is reached. Success!
More than 90 actors, musicians and artists have signed onto a letter encouraging Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) to run for president.
“Our country needs someone who will stand up for working families and take on the Wall Street banks and special interests that broke our economy,” the open letter released by the Ready for Warren and the Run Warren Run campaign reads.
Edward Norton, Susan Sarandon, Mark Ruffalo, Olivia Wilde, Chloë Sevigny and Michael Moore are some of the more prominent artists who put their names on the recent call to get Warren into the 2016 race.
Warren has repeatedly said she is not running for president.
According to the letter, the dozens of artists are concerned about the distribution of wealth and believe Warren is the candidate who can best champion their cause.
“Income inequality hurts us all — and we need someone who isn't afraid to call out a political and economic system that is great for big corporations but fails America's middle-class and working families,” the letter reads. “For too long everyday Americans have been hammered by this system while the wealthiest 1% benefits. That's not the country we want to live in, and Senator Warren, we believe you're the fighter to address the deeply serious problems we face.”
Artists for Warren Letter; Feb. 2, 2015
UPDATE 11/24: Congratulations, defenders! You've successfully thwarted off the opposing team, protecting 40 million Conquest flags from being captured. Your reward is the exclusive ‘Cops' Dog Tag in celebration of the upcoming release of Battlefield Hardline.
To unlock your ‘Cops' Dog Tag, simply hop into an online multiplayer game of BF4. Once you've completed the match you'll have a new shiny set of tags in your inventory.
With Battlefest Season 2 in full swing, we can now challenge you to the first of two Community Missions prepared for the fest. Themed “Cops” and “Robbers”, we're tipping our hats to Battlefield Hardline with these challenges, completable only if you work together as a united community.
Reaching out to your law-abiding side, we're now launching the “Cops” mission. Your assignment? We want you to hit Conquest mode and collectively defend 40 million flags. This mission is active between Nov 11, 9AM PST and Nov 17, 2AM PST. That means 6 days of protecting and serving in order to receive something all cops love…
A Sweet Dog Tag Reward
I mean, just look at it. Sprinkles and all. If you'll be good cops and hit the 40 million mark during the mission period, the “Cops” dog tag will be unlocked through Battlelog on November 19. You've got your orders – now get out there and defend those flags!
Learn more about Battlefield Hardline, available March 17, 2015.
* THIS OFFER IS BEING ISSUED TO YOU FOR PROMOTIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CREDIT, CHARGE, DEBIT OR GIFT CARD. BATTLEFEST SEASON 2 IS FROM NOVEMBER 6, 2014 AT 9AM PDT THROUGH DECEMBER 9, 2014 AT 6PM PDT (“PROMOTION PERIOD”). REQUIRES BATTLEFIELD 4 (“PRODUCT”) ON APPLICABLE PLATFORM, ORIGIN ACCOUNT AND INTERNET CONNECTION TO PARTICIPATE AND ACCESS IN-GAME CONTENT. BATTLEFIELD 4 COPS COMMUNITY MISSION IS ACTIVE FROM NOVEMBER 11, 2014 9AM PDT THROUGH NOVEMBER 17, 2014 2AM PDT. DIGITAL DOG TAG IS AUTOMATICALLY ENTITLED 2 DAYS FOLLOWING THE END OF EACH COMPLETED COMMUNITY MISSION FROM 9AM PDT TO 8:59AM PDT. EA ONLINE PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY AND TERMS OF SERVICE ARE AVAILABLE AT WWW.EA.COM. SEE APPLICABLE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AND DISCLOSURES ON WWW.EA.COM/1/PRODUCT-EULAS. VALID WHEREVER BATTLEFIELD 4 IS SOLD. MAY NOT BE COMBINED WITH ANY OTHER OFFER, GIFT CARD, REBATE OR DISCOUNT COUPON. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED, TAXED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW.
Updated at market close.
Vince McMahon lost $350 million as of market close on Friday, as shares in his WWE took a beating from investors. The stock was down more than 40% since the market open. In fact, the stock, which had closed just below $20 on Thursday, opened down below $11. That immediately knocked the WWE boss out of the billionaire ranks, putting his net worth now at an estimated $750 million.
The stock fell after news that WWE had signed a new television deal with NBCUniversal for less than some investors had hoped. Benchmark analyst Mike Hickey estimated WWE got a 50% raise over its last TV agreement, but he expected the new deal to pay WWE double or triple its previous one.
“The company's valuation could take a heavy beating this morning, as the new domestic TV deal with NBCUniversal likely disappointed investors,” he wrote in a report downgrading the price target for the company's stock from $29.12 to $19.96.
WWE executives kept an even tone but offered little additional guidance. “We never commented publicly on the expectation,” said George Barrios, chief strategy and financial officer. “We said we were undervalued by the math that we had done.”
The new TV deal hit at a turbulent time for WWE and McMahon. The company's shares shot up 89% in the first three months of 2014, and McMahon's net worth peaked in mid-March at $1.6 billion. But shares dropped 29% the week after WWE announced its new online streaming network had only 667,000 subscribers, taking a $325 million chunk out of McMahon's fortune. He remained a billionaire until this morning.
Some investors saw the trouble coming. Intrepid Capital Management, once WWE's largest outside investor, sold its 10% stake in January. Intrepid's Jayme Wiggins told Forbes in a feature story on McMahon that he thought the billionaire was getting too excited about his new online streaming network.
That concern remains, but Wiggins now has additional questions after reading the company's financial projections provided in the news release about the TV deal. The online streaming network should break even when it has 1.5 million subscribers, according to Wiggins, but WWE said its operating income will be just $40-$60 million at that point—even with new TV deals that will add $90 million to the company's revenue.
“The question is why their numbers are so low given this renewal,” Wiggins said. “With the information that they put out there, it seems to imply that their core business isn't making money.”
It is possible that the TV deals have a steep escalation in later years, Wiggins cautioned, so WWE might not be getting $90 million a year by the time it reaches 1.5 million subscribers on the online network, which could account for the underwhelming projections.
“If that's at play here, it could kind of mitigate all of this bearishness that's happening today,” Wiggins said. “There is definitely some confusion here, which is why you're seeing the stock drop.”
Barrios offered little to clear up the confusion. “I don't want to talk about the specifics of how the contracts are structured,” he said. “I think it's pretty typical that there is some escalation in them, but we haven't gone into detail on any of that.”
Cutting TV deals is how McMahon built such a massive fortune in the first place. He got his start in 1972 working for his father's small, regional wrestling promotions company. Ten years later, he bought out his father and set about taking WWE national. He used pay-per-view to jack up revenues and reach a national audience, making stars out of wrestlers like Hulk Hogan and turning himself into a TV personality in his own right. With TV numbers growing, attendance at live performances blew up.
McMahon became a billionaire for the first time in 2000, still holding onto a huge stake in the company. But WWE stock dropped a year later and didn't recover that ground until January of this year, about 13 years or so later, when McMahon—who owns 52% today—rejoined the billionaire ranks. Now he's down-and-out once again.
A MELBOURNE-bound passenger plane has hit a kangaroo after it strayed on to a runway at the regional airport in Victoria's northwest.
The Rex Airlines flight ZL3653 had to be cancelled after it struck the animal in the initial stages of takeoff about 6.30am.
An airline spokeswoman said the kangaroo hit the 34-seater plane's right propeller.
“Takeoff was rejected and the aircraft is still in Mildura,” the spokeswoman said.
She said none of the plane's occupants were hurt.
Passengers were shifted on to alternative flights and have since all made it to Melbourne.
The spokeswoman said the Saab 340 twin-turboprop's propeller was damaged in the collision, with engineers to assess the extent of the impact.
Mildura Airport is surrounded by fences, so it's not known how the kangaroo made it on to the tarmac.
samantha.landy@news.com.au
A town hall hosted by the B.C. NDP to discuss Metro Vancouver's "out-of-control real estate market" attracted more than 700 people, Wednesday evening.
"These are serious issues, this is a major crisis, and we want the provincial government to take it seriously," said NDP MLA David Eby, who organized it.
The event started with Eby citing a long list of media stories highlighting questionable real estate practices and how housing practices have caused residents to leave the region.
Eby said the region's real estate is governed by "runaway speculation" that is "unpoliced, unregulated and rampant."
B.C. NDP Leader John Horgan hosted the event alongside Eby.
He said his party will present two bills at the legislature this week — one of them will close the loopholes around "shadow flipping."
He said the the other bill will be to keep a track record of who is buying homes in B.C., "So that we can ensure that if they're buying homes from offshore, they're paying a higher level tax than those people who are living here today."
Live updates from the meeting
View live updates from the meeting
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The European Central Bank is ready to act quickly to boost anemic inflation in the euro zone, its president said on Friday, offering the strongest hint yet that the bank will unveil fresh stimulus measures at its Dec. 3 meeting.
Mario Draghi highlighted changes to the ECB's asset purchase program and deposit rate as possible tools to stop inflation from falling further below its target of just under 2 percent.
Draghi said the risk had increased that the ECB would miss that target. “If we decide (on Dec. 3) that the current trajectory of our policy is not sufficient to achieve our objective, we will do what we must raise inflation as quickly as possible,” he told a conference in Frankfurt.
Draghi said the strength of the euro zone's recovery was modest and the global outlook for demand, particularly in emerging countries, had worsened significantly in recent months.
His views appeared likely to meet some objections on the ECB's decision-making Governing Council, which includes the bank's executive board members and the governors of the bloc's 19 central banks.
Speaking at the same event, the Bundesbank's president Jens Weidmann, one of the most prominent critics of the ECB's ultra-easy policy, struck a more upbeat tone on the economy and made the case for waiting before taking new policy steps.
“I see no reason to talk down the economic outlook and paint a gloomy picture,” Weidmann said. “We should also not forget that the monetary policy measures already taken still need time to fully feed into the economy.”
Following Draghi's comments the euro fell as low as $1.0664 and traded near three-month lows against sterling. It then recouped its losses to move back above $1.07.
Germany's Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble, who has criticized the ECB in several occasions, was also due to speak at the event.
DEFENDING QE
The ECB has bought 60 billion euros ($64 billion) a month of mostly government bonds since March to help revive inflation, but prices rose just 0.1 percent in October.
Draghi defended the ECB's quantitative easing (QE) asset purchase program, noting it had brought down borrowing costs for euro zone companies.
He said the scheme could be expanded and extended and its composition changed to provide further stimulus while the deposit rate could be cut again to boost the impact of QE.
The ECB's deposit rate is currently -0.20 points, meaning banks are charged to park cash at the ECB, giving them an added incentive to lend, rather than pile reserves at the central bank.
Some questioned the benefits of ultra-low rates, with Deutsche Bank's (DBKGn.DE) Co-Chief Executive Juergen Fitschen telling the same conference that the ensuing increase in bank lending volumes might not be enough to offset the hit to margins the policy had also caused.
Markets were already expecting further ECB action on Dec. 3, most likely including a further cut to the deposit rate and an extension of the asset purchases beyond their scheduled end in September 2016.
The ECB will get updated inflation forecasts from its staff at the December meeting and has already said conditions have worsened since its latest estimates were published in September.
European Central Bank (ECB) President Mario Draghi exchanges views during a Monetary Dialogue with the European Parliament's Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee in Brussels, Belgium, November 12, 2015. REUTERS/Eric Vidal
Draghi said the ECB would act if it concluded that euro zone inflation was at risk of falling further away from the ECB's target, echoing concerns already expressed at the October meeting of the bank's Governing Council.
“If we conclude that the balance of risks to our medium-term price stability objective is skewed to the downside, we will act by using all the instruments available within our mandate,” Draghi said.
($1 = 0.9362 euros)
After a long and—cough—Kafkaesque legal battle, a rare collection of author Franz Kafka's manuscripts, worth millions, have been awarded to Israel National Library by a court in Tel Aviv.
Much loved, and influential author Kafka was born in Prague in 1883, and did not live to see the majority of his writing published. Leading up to his death in of TB in 1924 the writer gave all his manuscripts—published and unpublished—to his friend Max Brod, instructing him to burn the whole lot after he died.
Brod fled Prague for Palestine during the Nazi invasion and ignored Kafka's requests, publishing his friend's work, including the The Process (1925), The Trial (1926), and The Castle (1926).
These books have gone on to influence generations of writers, philosophers and political thinkers, The Trial (1962) being famously adapted for the screen by director Orson Welles, and The Castle or Das Schloss (1968) by Rudolf Noelte
On his death in 1968, Brod left Kafka's manuscripts—including additional unpublished works—to his secretary Esther Hoffe with the explicit instruction to keep them intact.
She was to “publish his work and ensure after her death that his literary estate be placed for safekeeping in a suitable institution,” the court record showed.
However, in 1973 it emerged that Hoffe had been offering the highly desirable documents up for sale at foreign auctions. The documents would not only potentially sell for high prices but also generate very large sums of money for whoever purchased them.
She was subsequently informed by the Israeli attorney general that, “according to Brod's will she must not dispose of any of the documents.”
Since that time, the documents remained in Esther Hoffe's possession, until she died in 2007 and left them to her two daughters Eva and Ruth Hoffe.
Although it is known that some documents are in the Bodleian Library at Oxford University and the original manuscript for The Trial was sold to the German Literature Archive in Marbach for $2 million by Hoffe in 1988.
In 2008, a year after their mother's death, the Hoffe sisters filed a claim to a Swiss Court, saying that Kafka's writings belonged to them. A court in Tel Aviv ordered the opening of the safety deposit boxes containing the papers in 2010, with the claim finally being rejected in 2012. The document that accompanied the ruling was 62-pages long.
The 42-year-long dispute was finally settled last week in Israel and the court decided against the only surviving daughter of Esther Hoffe, Eva.
“Brod's last wish was that his life's work, his material legacy, should be entrusted in its entirety to public archives,” the court accepted, thus siding with the Israeli National Library.
The documents will eventually be uploaded onto the library's website.
Given this latest ruling, it is unclear whether the manuscripts that had already been sold should be returned.
Follow artnet News on Facebook:
A growing body of evidence indicates disproportionate rates of mental health disorders among bisexual women compared to both heterosexual and lesbian women. Such disparities are often attributed to stressors related to minority status, including experiences of prejudice and discrimination. Prior research has made little distinction between the prejudicial experiences of bisexual groups as compared to lesbian/gay groups. Based on qualitative data gathered in focus groups with 10, predominantly White, bisexual-identified women, which occurred in a large city in the USA, we posit that differences in prejudicial experiences do exist for bisexual groups, and that such differences reside in the realms of the epistemic, yet have very real implications for bisexual women's daily lived experiences. We discuss everyday slights and insults, also known as microaggressions, reported by the participants vis-à-vis their bisexual identity. These bisexual-specific microaggressions include hostility; denial/dismissal; unintelligibility; pressure to change; lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender legitimacy; dating exclusion; and hypersexuality. We consider how such microaggressions may adversely impact mental health and well-being and may assist in explaining the mental health disparities among bisexual women.
EXCLUSIVE: UNSCRUPULOUS farmers are enticing backpackers to work for free in return for visa extensions.
This is despite the Federal Government employment watchdog saying backpackers must be paid for any work they do.
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
POLL: Should farmers offer volunteer work to those seeking visa extensions? VOTE NOW
READ MORE: Tough stance on dodgy operators
READ MORE: Horticulture News
Have Your Say in the form below
More than 20 advertisements for volunteer farmhand roles targeting backpackers have appeared on online classified site Gumtree.
And while most offer food and accommodation, others ask backpackers to pay for food or lodgings despite working for free.
All the advertisers offer to sign immigration documents for working holidaymakers to help them qualify for a second-year visa extension.
Under the working holiday scheme, backpackers can apply for a second year to their visa if they have done “specified work” for 88 days in a regional area. This work includes tasks essential to primary production, such as harvesting, packing and picking vegetables, pruning and livestock work.
The Fair Work Ombudsman told The Weekly Times these volunteer arrangements appeared unlawful.
“There is a certain possibility that the situation may be viewed, under workplace laws as an employment relationship in which the backpackers contribute to the profit-taking of a particular enterprise,” a Fair Work Ombudsman spokesman said.
“If this was the case under workplace laws there would be a lawful obligation on the relevant employer to provide the backpackers with their minimum lawful employee entitlements.”
Some farmers are asking backpackers to pay for food and lodging as well as providing free labour.
Others suggest the foreign workers take paid work on weekends to supplement their volunteer role.
A Yarragon beef farm asked the backpackers to work at least three hours a night five days a week and proposed they could go to “Melbourne like other backpackers have to earn some more money” on the weekend.
Another ad said some paid work may eventuate for farmworkers “if you're a hard worker.”
Thousands of backpackers flood to regional areas attempting to qualify for their second year visa.
The number taking up this option has grown 165 per cent a year since 2005.
Immigration figures show working holiday visas increased 10 per cent to 178,982 in the 12 months to December 31 last year, with one in five being granted an extension.
But, despite the visa extension being introduced to entice workers to rural areas and provide much-needed staff for primary industries, the Immigration Department was unconcerned about this latest situation.
Assistant Immigration Minister Michaelia Cash said the working holiday visa was a “cultural exchange visa and not a work visa per se”.
Senator Cash said as long as the applicants completed three months of specified work in regional Australia while on their first working holiday they would be eligible whether this was paid or not.
This is despite Senator Cash saying backpackers were required to provide evidence of their 88 days of work, such as pay slips, group certificates, payment summaries, tax returns, employer references or equivalent documents.
Senator Cash said working holiday participants were subject to the same workplace laws, entitlements and protections as citizens.
“Employers who hire program participants are obligated to do so in accordance with Australian workplace law,” she said. This also called into question the Willing Workers on Organic Farms movement, where visiting workers stay on registered farms and work voluntarily.
Neither the Immigration Department nor the FWO would comment on whether workers on this program were allowed to work for free.
But several Gumtree ads appeared to be trying to take advantage of this loophole, advertising “WWOOF-style” volunteer roles.
WWOOF Australia managing director Garry Ainsworth said the Immigration Department had approved volunteer work under their program to qualify for the second year program.
And said WWOOF hosts were registered and required to follow their guidelines on the treatment of workers and said they had a complaints policy for any backpackers unhappy with their situation.
Victorian Farmers Federation senior workplace relations adviser Rob Martin said they were not aware of farmers using volunteer backpackers, except for the WWOOF program.
Mr Martin said the VFF did not endorse workers not being paid and farmers should pay award rates and document any deductions such as accommodation and food expenses.
Australian Workers' Union Victorian pastoral industry co-ordinator Sam Beechey said it was “ exploitation”.
August 4, 2017
How much does a hurricane cost?
It's more than we thought.
FEMA disaster recovery center after Hurricane Sandy Leonard Zhukovsky/Bigstock
This hurricane season, we can expect eight hurricanes to cross the Atlantic Basin. Three of them are predicted to be especially destructive, as indicated by their Category Three or higher status.
These numbers are above average, but active seasons are becoming more common. Hurricane intensity will continue to rise under climate change, when the East Coast and Gulf Coast will see more rainfall, wind, and costly damages.
When it comes to these costs, a new paper by Tatyana Deryugina in the August issue of the American Economic Journal: Economic Policy has some good news and bad news. First, the good: we are better insured against the damage from hurricanes than previously thought. Although disaster aid might not cover the full cost of a hurricane, our social safety net helps by absorbing the effects of the hurricane long after communities use up their initial aid.
The downside is that hurricanes cost the government much more than what people normally calculate. Usually, people define the fiscal cost as the initial lump sum of disaster aid. Deryugina takes into account long-term payments from transfer benefits, such as unemployment insurance and Medicare. She found that, when including these payments, the fiscal cost of hurricanes jumps from about $150 per person to at least $780 per person.
Hurricanes, especially those in Category Three or above, reduce employment for up to ten years after the initial shock. However, most disaster-specific transfers, like Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) unemployment benefits, occur within six months of the declaration of the disaster. Proving that the lasting effects of a hurricane are responsible for someone's unemployment is difficult, and so traditional social safety net programs end up bearing the cost of these indirect or delayed consequences.
The Real Cost Click on the "Show With Transfers" button in the bottom left corner of the map to show the cost of a hurricane as disaster aid alone or disaster aid plus transfer benefits. When transfers are included, you can also mouse over each county for a breakdown of the transfer benefit costs (income maintenance, Medicare, etc.). Adapted from author data
Deryugina looked at hurricanes from 1979 to 2002. During this time, a county is said to have experienced a hurricane if it fell within a hurricane's maximum wind speed radius, or the part of the hurricane with the highest sustained winds. Counties on the outskirts of the hurricane may have experienced some rainfall, but without full hurricane conditions, they are not counted as within the hurricane's reach.
Affected counties experienced persistent increases in transfer benefits. The effects are positive for all significant transfers except educational assistance, which sees a modest decline. Over ten years, these transfers grow to be at least five times larger than the disaster-specific transfers — a result that is mostly driven by medical spending, income maintenance, and unemployment insurance.
The story is different for the most damaging hurricanes. The hardest hit counties experience losses of nearly $4,100 per capita (versus $235 per capita for counties facing lower wind speeds), but they receive only slightly higher transfers. While transfer benefits offset most of the damage caused by Category One and Category Two hurricanes, they cover only a quarter of the losses caused by those in Category Three or above.
“Every time a disaster happens, we go and we help people. On one level it's great, but it's not necessarily thought out and rigorously examined. Tatyana Deryugina
“Every time a disaster happens, we go and we help people. On one level it's great, but it's not necessarily thought out and rigorously examined,” Deryugina said. Incorporating hurricanes' real cost into both disaster policy and economic policy would be a step forward. For example, knowing that hurricanes are more costly makes mitigation techniques, such as building sea walls, a relatively more attractive option. And, changes to our social safety net could make us more or less resilient to natural disasters. In fact, a strong social safety net might be part of the reason why developed countries tend to fare better than developing countries after natural disasters, Deryugina posits.
At the same time, companies and individuals can take advantage of the social safety net. Knowing that transfer benefits will compensate them in case of a disaster, they may be more likely to locate in riskier places or take fewer precautions.
Between 1979 and 2002, hurricane-related transfer benefits added $44-$65 billion to the $19 billion of federal hurricane spending. For some, it seems like an enormous cost. For others, it's a small price to pay to help people fully recover.
♦
The Fiscal Cost of Hurricanes: Disaster Aid versus Social Insurance appears in the August issue of the American Economic Journal: Economic Policy.
Maori Party co-leader Pita Sharples says Labour's threat to stand candidates in Maori seats is "tantamount to [the seats'] abolition."
Labour's leader David Shearer said last month he would gun for the electorates, exploiting ructions in the Maori Party.
Last night, in a "State of the Maori Nation" speech, Sharples slammed the move.
"We cannot take the seats for granted," he said.
"Consider the risk posed by Labour. Placing candidates in Maori seats that are subject to Pakeha leadership, to a Pakeha caucus, to a Pakeha kaupapa is tantamount to abolition.
"Remember the foreshore and seabed?"
At Ratana last month, Shearer indicated his party would set out to win back three Maori electorates in next year's election - including Te Tai Hauauru , where Maori Party co-leader Tariana Turia sits.
He said Sharples was "looking fragile" in Tamaki Makaurau and Labour might even have a shot in Te Tai Tokerau, seat of Mana Party leader Hone Harawira.
Sharples' speech last night was a rallying call.
He said the Maori Electoral Option was "one of the most significant political turning points of our time affecting the balance of power in this country".
The option, offered every five years, gives New Zealanders of Maori descent the opportunity to choose whether they want to be on the Maori or general electoral roll for the next two elections. It is also used to revise electorate boundaries.
"It has the potential to give birth to six new Maori electoral seats, 13 Maori seats in total, if all of our people enrolled on the Maori roll," Sharples said.
"We must seize this opportunity."
The Maori option "provides an opportunity for Maori to increase political leverage" he added.
The speech also addressed the upcoming constitutional review.
Sharples floated the idea of a Treaty senate or a permanent assembly of Maori iwi leaders in Parliament. He said Maori MP Te Ururoa Flavell wanted MPs be given the choice whether to swear allegiance to the Treaty.
Sharples also suggested a new public holiday - to celebrate the coming of the kumara.
Sharples defended his party's much-criticised confidence and supply agreement with National.
Representing the "independent Maori voice at Cabinet regardless of who is in Government" was a form of activism, he said.
However, the speech made no reference to in-fighting over leadership which has divided the Maori Party in recent weeks.
Turia has said she will stand down next year and wants Sharples to do the same. But Sharples has vowed to fight on, despite a stand-off with Flavell for the top job.
Alastair Meeks,Â former chair of the Association of Pension Lawyers, looks at George Osborne's plans for pensions.
When I qualified as a pension lawyer, my first boss used to say: “Alastair, when people hear the word ‘pension', they think ‘old', they think ‘grey', they think ‘boring'.Â But if every time you hear the word ‘pension' you replace it with the word ‘money', suddenly it seems so much more exciting.”Â Today I'm going to talk to you about money.
We have now had five years of austerity and the deficit stubbornly refuses to close completely.Â One of the most successful cost-savings measures was taken very early on, when the government changed the basis of inflation from RPI to CPI for public sector pension and most state benefits.Â This saved billions – roughly Â£4.3 billion in 2015/16 alone and rising every year (a cumulative value of the order of Â£100 billion).Â Not bad for a technical change that no one really understands.Â The government may have found another similar technical change for pensions that no one really understands.
In the 2014 budget, George Osborne made a dramatic announcement relaxing the restrictions on taking pension money.Â Since then, we have had a succession of announcements at budgets and Autumn Statements that indicate we are in the middle of a longterm plan to remodel the foundations of pension scheme taxation.Â The reaction of most people when they read the words “remodel the foundations of pension scheme taxation” is to run away whimpering.Â But never leave a Chancellor of the Exchequer with a deficit to plug alone with your money.Â He may be about to commit grand larceny.
In 2014, the Chancellor announced that from 2015 pension pots could be cashed in in full, recognising the unpopularity of annuities.Â This announcement was hugely popular with many of those coming up to retirement.Â It was just as popular inside Number 11, because members who cash in their pension pots over and above the previous permitted maximum level pay tax at a high marginal rate, bringing in money into the exchequer and at a higher rate than would otherwise have been paid on the money coming out.Â It constitutes an optional yet popular tax – perhaps the first since the National Lottery was launched.
But this was not just a money-raising venture.Â A white paper accompanied the budget to explore how a balance could be struck between giving savers full access to their pension and making sure that they were fully informed about the implications of doing so.
(Financial education is the weak link in the whole reform.Â Not enough people have the necessary knowledge to make informed decisions about their options and not enough pension pots are yet large enough to justify requiring everyone to pay for tailored advice.Â The government has required generic guidance to be made available.Â It remains to be seen whether that will be good enough.)
With a government declaration of intent that savers should be given better access to their own money, it was always likely that we would see a return to this.Â Sure enough, the post-election budget trailed the possibility of a much more major change to pension taxation, bringing it into line with the tax regime for ISAs.Â We are due to hear more about that in the next budget.Â Hold onto your wallet.
It should be pointed out that aligning pensions and ISA tax regimes makes quite a lot of sense in the abstract.Â Most people think about saving as a single activity.Â Why should different forms of saving be taxed differently?Â The difficulty comes in the detail.
At present, pension contributions are tax deductible, investment income and capital gains are also tax deductible, while pensions are taxed in payment – though a set level of lump sum is tax free (Nigel Lawson called this much-loved but anomalous).Â In the new world where savers can take all their pension savings in one go, the tax regime strongly influences how in practice savers access their savings.
So, the government has floated the idea that in future we should get our payments from pension schemes tax free.Â To make that work, contributions would be made from net pay, not gross pay.Â Investment income and capital gains would remain tax exempt.Â Savers could then get their hands on their own loot in whatever way they chose without having to worry about falling into taxation pitfalls.
Let's leave to one side the administrative complexities of the transition (immense, if you must ask) or the problems that such a change would potentially cause defined benefit pension schemes (also immense).Â Those are problems for pension geeks like me.Â Instead, I'll look at the implications for HMG.
If pension contributions are paid from net pay, tax receipts in the near future would be markedly higher in the short term than they otherwise would have been.Â That's handy for a government seeking to close a deficit.
Next, because contributions are paid from net pay, those who benefited from higher rate tax relief on their pension contributions would be disproportionately affected up front.Â The government would have found a way to sting higher end top rate taxpayers right now.
Next, because pensions are paid in retirement at a time when most people's income is lower than when they were in employment, the value of the tax foregone at the payment stage is considerably lower than the value of the tax currently being foregone at the contribution stage.Â If, for example, you're a higher rate taxpayer now and you expect to be a basic rate taxpayer in retirement, you won't just lose out because you pay tax sooner, you'll lose out because your marginal rate will be higher.
Finally, the government would have abolished the additional cost of the tax free lump sum without anyone even noticing, because the cost would be taxed at the contribution stage, not foregone at the payment stage.
I have no doubt that the Treasury has a clear idea of the improvement in the tax position that its floated reform would bring in.Â I have no doubt that it is a very large number indeed.Â The net cost of tax relief in 2011/12 is estimated by the Treasury at Â£38.3 billion, though others including the IFS have queried this figure.Â The cost to the Exchequer of the tax free lump sum by itself has been estimated at Â£2.5 billion a year.Â Even with the benefits coming in over time by transition, the numbers could be eye-popping.
Pensions professionals are generally quaking at the possibility of the change (admittedly for reasons of personal workload and aesthetics as much as anything else).Â My expectation is that the government will push it through, simply because of the size of the tax gains to be made.Â The fall-out is likely to be relatively minor.Â Can you work out how much money you would stand to lose personally?Â Nor could just about anyone else.Â With a few well-chosen sweeteners, most people would be too uninformed to realise that they'd been robbed blind.
So watch out for this heist on 16 March.Â It promises to be a record-breaker.
Alastair Meeks
Alastair Meeks is Pensions Partner at Pinsent Masons and has writtenÂ books on the topic of pensions law.
