Police say they're trying to piece together how alligators were found eating a corpse in Southwest Ranches. (Published Tuesday, May 31, 2016)
Officials were finally able to pull a body from a canal in South Florida after a pair of alligators was found eating the corpse.
Two fishermen in Southwest Ranches, about 20 miles west of Fort Lauderdale, saw the gators eating a human body Monday afternoon and called authorities, according to Davie police.
Police, who responded to the 7000 block of U.S. 27, said the body had likely been in the canal for some time.
"We don't know how long it's been here, but it seems they've been here for a while," said Davie police Sgt. Pablo Castañeda. "In my time here in Davie, I haven't come across a case where you have alligators getting at the remains."
Officials Work to ID Corpse Eaten By Alligators
Investigators are working to identify a corpse that was found being eaten by alligators in Southwest Ranches. (Published Tuesday, May 31, 2016)
Florida Fish and Wildlife officials sent alligator trappers to the scene when the gators refused to leave. Officers were able to scare the alligators away from the body but the two lingered as authorities worked to recover it.
Officers with assault rifles were brought in to protect divers who collected evidence and retrieved the body, which has not been identified.
Officers at first weren't able to determine whether the body was a man or woman, but the medical examiner later said it was a man.
Only In Florida 'Dead' Gator Takes Chomp Out of Man's Thumb
The medical examiner is now working to identify the person. Investigators are looking at dental records and missing persons reports, officials said.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 6 South Florida
So why do police unions employ strong rhetoric and messaging to defend officers accused of wrongdoing? Union representatives and reform advocates told VICE News that the unions had a legal responsibility to defend officers, but also a culture of wanting to protect their own members.
Patrick Lynch, the head of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association police union in New York, was criticized for his divisive rhetoric after he encouraged police officers to turn their backs to Mayor Bill DeBlasio and ban him from their funerals as an act of protest over DeBlasio's criticism of police after the death of Eric Garner. Lynch then said there was "blood on the hands...on the steps of City Hall in the office of the mayor," after two NYPD officers were shot and killed. After the remarks, a Quinnipiac University poll showed 43 percent of New Yorkers disapproved of Lynch's heated words.
It's not the first time a police union has faced criticism for coming swiftly to the defense of officers accused of wrongdoing. Police were criticized in South Carolina and Missouri for raising money for officers implicated in shootings in those states; officers in Ferguson, Missouri, distributed bracelets with the words "I am Darren Wilson," printed on them to show support for the officer who shot Michael Brown.
The Fraternal Order of Police in Baltimore had their GoFundMe page shut down over the weekend for violating the company's ban on collecting money for those charged with serious crimes, but tweeted out other ways that supporters could donate to the cops.
The Baltimore police union representing the six officers charged in Freddie Gray's death drew criticism this week when it began collecting donations for the officers' living and legal expenses and tweeting the hashtag #BlueLivesMatter and #AllLivesMatter, a play on the phrase Black Lives Matter used by protesters to condemn police brutality against African Americans.
Read more
The Baltimore police union representing the six officers charged in Freddie Gray's death drew criticism this week when it began collecting donations for the officers' living and legal expenses and tweeting the hashtag #BlueLivesMatter and #AllLivesMatter, a play on the phrase Black Lives Matter used by protesters to condemn police brutality against African Americans.
The Fraternal Order of Police in Baltimore had their GoFundMe page shut down over the weekend for violating the company's ban on collecting money for those charged with serious crimes, but tweeted out other ways that supporters could donate to the cops.
@FOP3 where can I donate to the family of Freddie Gray?
— Tom Payne (@areasonablefee) May 4, 2015
@etm11715 @FOP3 more than civilian lives apparently
— Tina (@TinaBaarspul) May 4, 2015
It's not the first time a police union has faced criticism for coming swiftly to the defense of officers accused of wrongdoing. Police were criticized in South Carolina and Missouri for raising money for officers implicated in shootings in those states; officers in Ferguson, Missouri, distributed bracelets with the words "I am Darren Wilson," printed on them to show support for the officer who shot Michael Brown.
Patrick Lynch, the head of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association police union in New York, was criticized for his divisive rhetoric after he encouraged police officers to turn their backs to Mayor Bill DeBlasio and ban him from their funerals as an act of protest over DeBlasio's criticism of police after the death of Eric Garner. Lynch then said there was "blood on the hands...on the steps of City Hall in the office of the mayor," after two NYPD officers were shot and killed. After the remarks, a Quinnipiac University poll showed 43 percent of New Yorkers disapproved of Lynch's heated words.
So why do police unions employ strong rhetoric and messaging to defend officers accused of wrongdoing? Union representatives and reform advocates told VICE News that the unions had a legal responsibility to defend officers, but also a culture of wanting to protect their own members.
"Police unions are much like police chiefs. When an an officer is caught doing a very bad thing, they start to circle the wagons," Cheryl Dorsey, a retired Los Angeles Police Department Sergeant and member of the group National Coalition of Law Enforcement Officers for Justice, Reform and Accountability, told VICE News. "That's their job, that's their story. They stick to it no matter how nonsensical it is and how much it insults our sensibilities, no matter how unreasonable it is to a reasonable person."
"They're going to back the officers no matter what, that's their position, just like any other defense attorney. If I'm paying you money, you're going to say whatever I need you to say to get me off the hook," Dorsey said.
When Baltimore's Fraternal Order of Police criticized State Attorney Marilyn Mosbey's decision to indict the officers involved in Gray's death, its president said the union was "appalled...frustrated...disappointed in the apparent rush to judgment," of the officers by Mosbey. Moments later, FOP attorney Michael Davey said that, "No officer injured Mr. Gray, caused harm to Mr. Gray, and they are truly saddened by his death."
Aside from the contradiction between criticizing those who rush to judgment then immediately concluding that the officers did not cause harm, the assertion police did not hurt Gray offers a clear example of unions denying any wrongdoing before an investigation is complete. Rashad Robinson, leader of the black advocacy organization ColorOfChange, said the police unions are doing themselves a disservice by constantly defending officers in trouble.
"They're not showing up as honest brokers and honest stakeholders in conversations about how we make our communities safer," Robinson said. "It's incredibly counterproductive when you see situations that are so blatant and so clear and lives and families have been destroyed and you have this institution that has no interest in honest pursuit of the truth."
@FOP3 Does this unite or divide? Hurt or help? Think before you tweet.
— Peter McClellan (@petermcclellan) May 5, 2015
@FOP3 Certainly, now pin up all the murders of unarmed citizens by police, if you feel so strongly about the issue.
— Down Under (@PopUtsey) May 5, 2015
"Given everything we've been seeing in this country, given the heightened awareness of these issues, the police unions would do themselves a real service to put real reforms on table, but to pretend that we don't actually have a problem makes it very hard to trust them in the conversation. There can be no trust if there isn't accountability. Police don't police themselves," he said.
The Baltimore FOP would not comment to VICE News. Chuck Canterbury, the national FOP President, released a statement last week saying that police unions are opposed to racial profiling, police brutality, and bad policing tactics, saying "nobody hates bad cops more than other cops," but emphasizing that everyone has a right to the presumption of innocence.
James Pasco, executive director of the FOP's Steve Young Law Enforcement Legislative Advocacy Center, said unions had to remind the public that officers are innocent until proven guilty, because public judgment of an officer involved in a fatal incident could be swift and damaging. He pointed to the case of officer Darren Wilson who shot Michael Brown in Ferguson.
"His life was ruined," he said. "He's not a police officer anymore. He was demonized by the media and police executives, by the Justice Department and the minority community."
As for divisive rhetoric, Pasco said that unions didn't "start these dialogues, we respond to them."
"Who starts saying hateful things? Why don't you say that the minority community started with the divisive dialogue? We didn't get out there and start a smear campaign against any segment of the community. One was started against us," he said.
@FOP3 did it take 3 weeks to arrest his killer? No. It took 90 minutes. Tone deaf idiots. No wonder people see you as a gang.
— Forbes (@jlforbes) May 5, 2015
Pasco, like Canterbury, condemned bad cops, saying that their supervisors were responsible for ensuring they followed rules and behaved appropriately. But when they didn't, he said, the union had a legal responsibility to defend them.
"We do not have any use for bad police officers, but remember, here's what to remember, here's what's infuriating, you're saying what people are thinking: why do unions do this? But who hired these guys? It was the chief who hired them. Where was he when he was doing his vetting, recruiting, training, promoting, and supervising? Where was he?" Pasco said. "Just as a prosecutor has a responsibility to prosecute, we have a responsibility to defend. It's not an option."
Jeff Fagan, a policing expert at Columbia Law School, told VICE News that many police unions functioned differently from other unions because they had a particular composition: white officers with law enforcement backgrounds who see things a particular way. Those beliefs, he said, influenced their policy and practices.
"You're not dealing with people who are on balance very highly educated. They are politically drawn from a very particular world: the white cops who tend to ascend to union leadership very fast. Unlike minority cops, who are likely first generation cops, the white guys come from multigenerational cop families," Fagan said. "So it's a combination of things: the composition effect, the nature of the task -- they believe their job is more dangerous than any other, though it's not, construction is — and they want to maximize their benefits."
Robinson, of the group ColorOfChange, said that the inclination of unions to portray themselves as victims didn't help their cause. Acknowledging problems and then solving them would do more to improve their image and relationship with community members, he said.
"No one is saying police officers don't have a challenging job," Robinson said. "But there's not a problem in this country that when law enforcement officers are hurt there's no accountability. We don't have a problem where police are getting hurt and no one being held accountable...So to the extent police unions and police should be thinking about how they build greater support and trust within their communities, they could start by rooting out bad police officers and holding bad police officers accountable."
Follow Colleen Curry on Twitter: @currycolleen
S.F. cop accused of cover-up suspended S.F. POLICE
A San Francisco police officer accused of instructing a rookie officer to lie to cover up a suspect's escape was spared from dismissal by the Police Commission, which instead imposed a nine-month suspension stemming from the 2003 incident, The Chronicle has learned.
Lionel Sevilla's case - which had come to symbolize the problems in the department's disciplinary system - had languished for more than five years at the commission before it was resolved in a closed-door hearing that concluded Wednesday.
The 19-year veteran officer must serve the suspension immediately. He will then go on a list of officers whose credibility has been called into question and whose histories must be disclosed to defense attorneys when they testify in court.
Chief George Gascón has complained that sparing officers like Sevilla - who have been accused of lying or misconduct that could discredit them - means the department is stuck with highly paid sworn cops only fit for desk assignments. That's because those officers, Gascón said, would not make reliable witnesses in court and thus can't be counted on to testify.
The department is in the midst of reviewing its rank and file to identify officers with misconduct records and to comply with the Brady vs. Maryland decision of the U.S. Supreme Court that compels prosecutors to turn over to the defense anything that could be used to attack the credibility of witnesses.
Assistant Chief Jeff Godown said the department is left trying to absorb officers who now can't do full police work when it is struggling with dwindling resources.
"It makes it difficult to adequately deploy officers in the field, when I have a lot of officers who get paid the same as a full-duty officer driving in the black and white, but because of the Brady issues, they have to stay in that position where they can never go back in the field. It's very frustrating."
The department has identified as many as 50 officers who have Brady issues.
Sevilla, now 51, is a 19-year veteran who was working as a training officer at Mission Station on Aug. 6, 2003, when he and the rookie officer got a call about a fight inside a business at 17th and Noe streets.
A suspect the officers detained at the scene on a warrant asked to use the restroom, so Sevilla allegedly removed his handcuffs so that he could use a restaurant toilet. He promptly fled out the back.
A subsequent investigation concluded that Sevilla told the rookie officer they could cover up the escape.
Sevilla had faced a litany of charges stemming from the incident, including lying on a police report.
Earlier this year, the commission refused to accept a six-month suspension worked out in a deal Gascón struck with the officer based on the age of the case.
Gascón had since advocated the officer's dismissal based on the severity of the offense.
Sevilla's attorney, Simon Mazzola, has said his client disputes the department's version of events. He did not return calls seeking comment on Thursday.
Commission President Joe Marshall said he understands why people might be frustrated by the process, but he is bound by law not to discuss deliberations before the commission.
"This is an individual case," Marshall said. "These officers have to have their day before the commission. I can't comment on what happens."
He said he understands the implications of keeping officers on the force with credibility problems.
The Economist's 1843 Magazine has made an interesting graphic about international airlines and comparing the prices they charge to the service provided.
They have used Skytrax (not my favorite source for quality info) for the service and had run ticket price tests between 30 most popular airports in the world to come up with the cost.
You can access this on the Economist's website here of which below is an excerpt:
Asia's airlines are mostly excellent; Europe's are competent; America's are awful. It is a pattern that many seasoned globetrotters have observed, but which 1843 has confirmed by trawling through data on 18 major international carriers, visualised in the chart above. We used flight-volume data from FlightStats.com and customer-satisfaction data from Skytrax, an airline consultancy which asks users to mark carriers out of five for the quality of their food, service, comfort, in-flight entertainment and value for money. American and United each scored 2.17 – barely half as much as leaders ANA and Singapore Airlines, both rated at 4.17.
Conclusion
The only thing that I would disagree with this study is that their data somehow identifies Turkish Airlines as expensive and ANA as cheap. Should be the other way around based on my empirical evidence (read thousands of airline fare searches over the years).
The graph also proves that the prices for most of the time are about the same (competitive market). All being equal, you should buy your tickets from airlines that actually provide you with service.
Many trainees don't pay much attention to their lower back, except for when they happen to injure it deadlifting or moving a sofa on the weekend and they're forced to shuffle on Monday morning like the office Quasimodo.
But according to Coach Rip, your efficiency in every major lift is determined by the development of your lower back musculature – and the degree of control you have over it.
Your lower back may be doing absolutely nothing that you tell it to do, but learning how to control the muscles that set the curve of your lumbar spine could be the most important thing you learn this year.
I can't think of a more important piece of your body to have under control, as more than any other piece of the support structure, the lower back muscles directly determine your lifting efficiency.
We teach a lot of people to do the basic barbell exercises in our weekend seminars. We've spent the last four years showing thousands of people from every demographic how to squat, bench press, deadlift, overhead press, and power clean. All of these movements demand the use of an extended – or "arched" lower back – for efficiency of force transfer and production, along with safety.
That's right, I said safety. I'll admit to being guilty of having said, "Safety is for pussies," which some have taken as simple barbell-bravado. On the contrary, this is my particular way of saying that safety is a byproduct of efficiency, which you're expected to use anyway.
The Power Transmission
This arched low-back position is key to the effective use of the spine as the transmission of power produced in the hips and legs and applied at the shoulders, upper back, and hands, but in every group we teach, there are always at least a couple of people that can't either produce or maintain a lumbar extension.
In other words, when I ask them to "arch your lower back," or do an "anterior pelvic tilt," or to "stick out your butt," or to "make your tailbone touch your mid-back," or any number of other artful commands designed to stimulate the attendee to produce the desired low-back position, a number of people just can't do it.
The Ladies Get It
Interestingly, all the women can do it perfectly. I don't even ask to see them demonstrate this position – not because I'm leery of an inappropriate-behavior accusation (although this has happened, funny story, I'll tell you sometime). I don't ask because I've never met a female who couldn't immediately, and with pride, produce a voluntary lumbar extension.
It's a normal posture for any woman not swaddled in a burqa, a display position learned when they're young. The biggest problem with many women is an exaggeration of the arch into overextension, which is probably a worse position than flexion under load.
So I just save time and only check the guys. Many tall, skinny kids (maybe most of them) can't even bend over without rounding the low back into complete flexion, as if reluctant to bend the knees but quite happy to round the spine.
Many of these kids grow up to be relatively normal-looking adult males without ever learning to use the low back correctly. There are always a couple that have no idea of this position, and once they're shown how to do it, will tell me that this is the first time they've ever voluntarily assumed this position.
It's been well documented why the low back needs to be in the normal lordotic – the extended, or "arched" – position to bear a load. The thing you need to know is why so many people aren't able to voluntarily assume this position and whether you might be one of them.
It's also, of course, important to know how to fix it if you are.
No Low Back Awareness
The reason that many lifters can't arch their low back and hold it there in a squat or deadlift is because they actually don't know what position their back is in. Their kinesthetic sense for the position of their spine is undeveloped, and they may think it's arched when it's really in flexion.
An awareness of back position is necessary for the control of that position. Until you can identify lumbar extension – what it feels like to have your lower back in a position where the erector muscles are in contraction – you won't be able to assume this position when you want to, or when you have to, like in a squat or at the start of a deadlift.
What is more important for lifting heavy weights is that unless you can produce a voluntary concentric contraction of the lumbar muscles to set your lumbar spine into hard extension, you won't be able to reliably control those muscles isometrically under a load.
If you can't arch your back when you want to while standing up without any weight on your back, how in the hell will you be able to control it when controlling it gets hard?
The Typical Scenario
Here's what typically happens: After I identify the guys who have a "quiet" lower back, I'll stand beside the worst one and place my thumb and fingers on the muscle bellies of his erectors at the level of about T8, and then trace the muscles down to the sacrum. This tactile cue is sometimes sufficient to trigger a contraction of the lower back muscles.
I'll say, "Arch this part of your back," then watch carefully to see what he moves. Most guys that don't get it right will lift the chest instead of arching the low back, or lean forward by slightly flexing the hips without changing the position of the spinal components.
Take note, the problem isn't that the muscles won't contract – it's that the lifter's never tried to make them contract before now, and he doesn't know how.
There's no connection between his brain and his neuromuscular system that involves these muscles. It's like asking me to play Amaj7 on my guitar (I never learned that chord); I'd have to think very hard about where to place my fingers, watch them with my eyes, and practice doing it several hundred times before a "motor pathway" was established that allowed me to play the chord in a useful, non-nauseating way.
Fortunately, the motor pathway to the lower back is much easier to establish because the motor units involved aren't as small – it doesn't take fine motor control to arch your lower back, so there are fewer nervous components involved in the movement.
It can be taught quickly, provided you can figure out how to get the guy to do it right just a few times so he can feel what he's supposed to do.
Tricks of the Trade
When this doesn't work, I've got several tricks I use to produce the position. The cues continue. "Lift your sacrum (I then touch it) up here to your mid-back (I touch his spine at T8). Make these two spots come together."
I could also turn around and have him lay the palm of his hand flat across my low back and produce the contraction as an example of what I want him to do. This works surprisingly well; some people can learn from watching the lower back of another lifter go into contraction and then copying the motion. Feeling it with the hand reinforces what their eyes see.
For those wordy, non-visual types, I might also explain the concept of the pelvic tilt. The pelvis is hooked up pretty thoroughly to your low back, and if you tilt the top of your pelvis forward, the bottom tilts backwards and the low back goes into extension. With a combination of demonstration and manual assistance I can produce the anterior pelvic tilt that arches the low back. A helpful cue for males is, "I want you to drop your dick down between your knees."
Grandiosity being common, this usually works better than any other cue.
Plan B
If all these things fail, Plan B goes hot. I lay the guy down on the floor on his belly with his hands behind the head. I have him relax his chest into the floor and then I say, "Lift your chest and elbows up off the floor." This produces an extension in the thoracic area of the back, well above where I want it. I have him do this a couple of times, and then explain that this is lifting the chest.
Next I say, "Lift your knees and feet clear of the floor. Keep your knees straight." I have him hold this contraction for a few seconds, and then I touch the lumbar muscles, which are now in contraction.
"Do you feel the difference between this and raising your chest up?" He can now feel my hand on the muscles, like before when he was standing, unable to make them contract, but now they're tight – he has produced a voluntary contraction in the muscles that before were unresponsive to the command.
I let him relax a second, and then he does a set of 10 reps, holding each arch for a couple of seconds. At the end of 10 reps the previously lazy muscle bellies have accumulated some lactate, and the burn is an identifiable product of the contraction.
Then I stand the guy up and tell him to make the same motion he did on the floor. The muscles are still burning, and he remembers exactly what action made this happen. A combination of these cues and this position on the floor works every time.
Back to the Point
Why is this the most important thing you will ever learn about lifting weights?
A lifter who can't control his lumbar spine isn't as good a lifter as he can be. The rigidity of the spine is so important a component of the force-transfer mechanism between the floor and the bar that your pulling and squatting efficiency is severely compromised until you learn this.
Many people get away without knowing about this control deficiency for years because their abs and related muscles are strong enough to compensate for this missing component. This is why some guys just lean forward into hip flexion when I try to cue the low back – ab contraction has been the default mechanism for spinal stability because that's all that was available.
It also explains how I've been able to discover experienced lifters that lacked the ability to concentrically control the lumbar muscles. These guys immediately improved their pulling and squatting upon being shown how to produce the contraction. And when I say immediately, I mean the next set.
Olympic lifters with this hole in their preparation will exhibit bar path problems that don't respond to the usual cues. If a slightly different amount of pull gets transferred to the bar on every rep, a slightly different bar path will result, due to the difference in force transferred to the load.
If you're coaching a lifter, don't forget to check the low back for tightness since it has such a bearing on performance. And, just for the hell of it, ask your lifter to demonstrate his low back arch for you. You may be surprised.
So now that you're through reading this amazing article, stand up and see if you're one of the guys whose lifting can immediately benefit from learning how to control your low back muscles.
If you are, you're welcome.
A Chicago-area gun shop that wants to exhibit at comic conventions and other pop culture shows was thwarted in its initial attempt Thursday when producers of Wizard World Comic Con Chicago scratched the shop's participation.
Barrington-based DS Arms owner Dave Selvaggio said he had planned since March to set up at the four-day show, which draws tens of thousands of comic and fantasy fans to the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont. The shop's booth was to include replica guns and promotions for services such as gun safety and shooting classes.
But Las Vegas-based Wizard World pulled the plug on the booth following complaints that apparently stemmed from online reports that a dealer of real guns would be exhibiting at the show, which opened Thursday.
"We want everyone to have a good time at the show," said Wizard World spokesman Jerry Milani, who declined to say exactly when the decision to nix DS Arms' participation was made. "We want this to be fun."
The gun shop's booth, across from displays of stuffed toys and Hello Kitty totes, was up for about 90 minutes before a Wizard World staff member noticed it and took it down.
Cheryl V. Jackson / Chicago Tribune The booth for Barrington-based DS Arms was up for about 90 minutes at the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont before a Wizard World staff member noticed it and took it down on Thursday, Aug. 18, 2016. The booth for Barrington-based DS Arms was up for about 90 minutes at the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont before a Wizard World staff member noticed it and took it down on Thursday, Aug. 18, 2016. (Cheryl V. Jackson / Chicago Tribune) (Cheryl V. Jackson / Chicago Tribune)
Selvaggio said he worked through the Rosemont show's promoter, which he identified as The Loop/ Cumulus Media, to get the space and planned to have representatives roam the hall to promote the store.
"Just because people are fans of comic books and sci-fi doesn't mean they're not interested in protecting themselves and their family and their belongings," he said.
Comic Con attendees make for a natural market, he said, as many of the movies and games enjoyed by those fans involve firearms.
"Maybe 90 percent of people walking around in costumes have (presumably fake) firearms," said Selvaggio, who added that his company has provided props for movies. "All of these movies are filmed with live guns, with firing devices and with replicas."
DS Arms has bought space at car shows and horror movie festivals, and plans to exhibit at the massive fantasy and sci-fi focused Dragon Con in Atlanta next month, he said.
Sword and blade dealers are common at such events, which attract comic, fantasy, sci-fi and electronic games fans who often dress up as their favorite characters. But recent years have seen the shows shore up policies involving weapons and props.
Wizard World Comic Con policy bans "any parts or accessories that can readily cause harm" to conventiongoers. No real weaponry, such as live firearms or sharp blades, can be carried on the floor. Other restrictions are based on local laws and ordinances.
Wizard World policy for blades sold at booths is to have any purchases checked in until the guests are ready to leave, Milani said.
Cheryl V. Jackson is a freelance writer.
Mr. Selfridge: Series Two Blu-ray Posted February 24, 2014 07:42 PM by Webmaster
The UK branch of Universal Studios has officially announced that it will release on Blu-ray Mr. Selfridge: Series Two. The release will be available for purchase online and in stores across the country on March 24th.
Based upon the life of American businessman Mr. Selfridge, who founded the world renowned store on London's Oxford Street in 1909, the second series picks up the story in 1914 as the store celebrates its fifth anniversary of trading.
Jeremy Piven (Entourage, Serendipity, RocknRolla) is flamboyant entrepreneur Harry Gordon Selfridge; Aisling Loftus (Oranges and Sunshine) stars as Agnes Towler; Katherine Kelly (Coronation Street, Life on Mars) reprises her role as the incomparable Lady Mae; Amanda Abbington (The Bill, Doc Martin, Being Human) plays department head Miss Mardle; Tom Goodman-Hill (The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Spy) features as Mr Grove; Frances O'Connor (A.I, The Hunter, Mansfield Park) returns as Harry's loving wife Rose; Ron Cook (Chocolat, Hot Fuzz) is back as Mr. Crabb; and Samuel West (Hyde Park on Hudson, Any Human Heart) plays reporter Frank Edwards.
Harry Gordon Selfridge (Jeremy Piven) is proud of the store's success but there is no time to rest on his laurels. With talk of war in Europe, he prepares staff for challenging times ahead. The store must play its own part in the war effort and help keep morale high on the home front.
Now more than ever Harry needs his wife, Rose (Frances O'Connor) by his side; but over the course of the last five years, the couple has become increasingly estranged. With Rose spending long periods of time in America with their daughters, and their son Gordon attending school in Winchester, Harry is left to live the life of a single man in London.
Source: Blu-ray.com | Permalink | [Country settings]
No comments.
Add comment
Please login to post a comment.
Gatestone Institute | May 12, 2014
France Submits To Islam
Polls show that more than 70% of the French… expect that France will become a country under submission to Islam.
By Guy Millière
Last month, between April 18-21, the Union of Islamic Organizations of France [UOIF], the French branch of the European Council for Fatwa and Research (presided over by Yusuf al Qaradawi) held its thirty-first annual conference in Le Bourget, north of Paris. As usual, jihadist and anti-Semitic books, which are banned in French bookstores but tolerated there, were offered in several booths.
As usual also, speakers were invited to deliver fiery speeches. In 2012, the keynote speaker was supposed to be Qaradawi himself, but faced with protests from the Jewish community, France denied Qaradawi a visa to enter French territory, and he was replaced by Tariq Ramadan, a Muslim Brotherhood operative who works with Qaradawi in Doha, Qatar, at the Center for Islamic Legislation and Ethics.
Tariq Ramadan was again the keynote speaker in 2013. This year, Tariq gave way to his brother, Hani, Director of the Islamic Center of Geneva, founded in 1961 by their father, Said Ramadan, son-in-law and senior disciple of Hassan al Banna, who founded the Muslim Brotherhood.
If Tariq Ramadan knows how to hide his extremism, his brother is more explicit and direct. His speech was devoted to “global threats” facing Islam; he described them as having a single source: “the Jews and Zionist barbarism,” an octopus “hiding in the shadows,” a “power that holds the global finance and the media.” He called on young French Muslims to “fight for Islam” and to go to Syria, where several hundred French youths have already joined jihadist groups.
If UOIF had only a marginal influence, such statements would be already worrying. But UOIF is the leading French Muslim organization, and Hani Ramadan's speech, like Tariq Ramadan's speeches in 2012 and 2013, was listened to by an audience of 150,000 enthusiastic people, and viewed by hundred of thousands of others on UOIF-TV, the digital television channel established by the UOIF.
More than 8,000,000 Muslims live in France, most of whom are French citizens, and the Muslim population in France continues to grow. France is now the main Muslim country in Europe. Successive French governments can decide to expel a Muslim preacher or a recruiter of jihadist fighters; they can deny visas, but they seem unable to do more.
Although the French government denies it, it seems clear that substantial ransoms were paid to Islamist groups for the release of French hostages: $28,000,000 to al Qaeda in Niger in October 2013 and $18,000,000 to Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant in Syria, on April 19.
The creation, on April 25, by French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve, of a counseling center, website and telephone hotline to “advise” parents whose children are in the process of radicalization seems almost ridiculous. Entire neighborhoods are controlled by Islamist preachers and Bernard Cazeneuve knows it: officially, administrative authorities call these neighborhoods “Sensitive Urban Zones,” presumably because at any time they can explode. Unofficially, the police call them “Sharia Zones”, and have been ordered by the Department of the Interior to keep out.
Political leaders of all parties know that most elections cannot be won if the Muslim vote is neglected, and the leaders of the National Front are no exception: Marine Le Pen has long ceased to incriminate Islam and now attacks “crime” and “immigration” without providing details. Sometimes she may denounce “calls to jihad” and “fundamentalism”, but takes care not to go beyond that. Although she criticizes Qatar or Saudi Arabia, she says that France should become an “ally” of the Islamic Republic of Iran, and asks her “fellow Muslims” to join her fight against “American globalism and its Islamist allies“.
A “Collective Against Islamophobia in France” is gaining ground: it handles complaints against any critical remarks about Islam, and it can rely on the courts to punish offenders. A “League of Judicial Defense of Muslims” was also created in 2013 by Karim Achoui, a lawyer disbarred because of his links with organized crime. No anti-racist organization dares denounce Muslim anti-Semitism, and none of them criticizes speeches such as the one given by Hani Ramadan in Le Bourget.
Jewish institutions do not denounce Muslim anti-Semitism, either: they speak of an “unhealthy climate”. When, on April 28, during a tribute ceremony to the Jews deported from France to Auschwitz, Arno Klarsfeld, a member of the Council of State and son of Nazi hunters Serge and Beate Klarsfeld, said that “some of the suburban youth are anti-Semitic,” he was immediately summoned to appear before a judge.
NGOs fighting the Islamization of France are now marginalized. Their leaders are persecuted by the justice system and severely punished. The mainstream media demonize them. The main one, Riposte Laique, organized a demonstration on March 9. About four hundred people came. Three or four years ago, Riposte Laique could gather several thousand people.
The anti-Semitic and pro-Islamic standup comedian Dieudonné continues to give performances to packed theaters. On June 21, he will host a ceremony to honor people who posed with the best “quenelles” — the inverted Nazi salute he invented. More than ten thousand tickets have already been sold. On his website, Dieudosphere.com, pictures of “quenelles” are still present. Dieudosphere.com sells a comic book called Yacht People. The cover shows a fat rich man with a hooked nose rubbing his hands together and flashing a greedy smile. The resemblance to the caricatures of Jews published during the Nazi era is evident. Manuel Valls fought Dieudonné when he was Interior minister. Since he became Prime Minister, fighting Dieudonné is no longer one of his priorities.
During an interview with Alexandre Arcady, the director of Twenty Four Days, a film about the assassination seven years ago of Ilan Halimi, a young French Jew who was taken hostage and killed by young Muslims from Paris suburbs, TV journalist Aymeric Caron tried to explain that the growth of anti-Jewish hatred in France was logical because “Israeli soldiers kill Palestinian children.” These remarks did not offend anyone except a few Jewish journalists, so they were cut from the edited version of the show. Aymeric Caron explained that he was not an anti-Semite, but only “anti-Zionist.” He has recently published a book called, Incorrect: in which almost all his targets have one thing in common: They are Jews. He is invited onto many talk shows to speak about his book. Whoever looks for books about Israel will easily find books called Israel, the New Apartheid or The Invention of the Land of Israel, by Shlomo Sand. Books offering less-biased viewpoints are unavailable. Dozens of books by Tariq Ramadan are on the shelves of all main bookstores.
The number of Jews leaving France is steadily increasing. French people who have the financial means also leave the country. Most others expect the worst. Polls show that the French are now the most pessimistic people in Europe. They also show that more than 70% of the French are afraid of the rise of Islam in France: they expect that France will become a country under submission to Islam.
In the one month since Kyra Harris moved to Edmonton, the young Indigenous woman says she's been targeted on social media — being called a "skank" and "baby factory" — and had a teepee carved into her car.
Now the 21-year-old business student is trying to use those experiences to educate people about Indigenous culture and break down stereotypes.
Harris moved to the big city from Fort Simpson, N.W.T., last month for her first year at the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology. She posted an ad on an Edmonton Buy and Sell Facebook page looking to buy a treadmill.
That innocuous post turned ugly quickly.
"To be Indigenous and a Native woman, it's kind of like scary to be living in Edmonton," says Harris.
One commenter suggested she get outside and walk, which Harris rebuffed, saying she's young, new to the city and, as an Aboriginal woman, she didn't think it was safe.
Harris posted on an Edmonton Buy and Sell Facebook page looking for a treadmill. The innocuous post escalated quickly. (Submitted)
"It just started escalating from there," she says.
"You are most likely a skank from the north. A baby factory looking for a sugar daddy," the commenter responded. "Here people see you as you really are."
Harris says other commenters came to her defence, but she knew better than to react on social media.
"He started judging me and he didn't even know me and he started stereotyping me just because I was from the North and I was Aboriginal," she says.
"I just ended up deleting that post because I was like, it's just going to get worse."
Car keyed
In another incident, Harris parked her car in an underground garage at a friend's apartment. She says she saw some people hanging around, but thought nothing of it, minding her own business.
When she returned to her car the next day, she was "shocked" to find that it had been keyed.
"There was a teepee drawn on my car door," she says.
"It's just like really disappointing and scary. It's just sad that this day and age that stuff like this is still happening."
Harris says she never experienced racism in the N.W.T., though she was warned by many to be careful in Edmonton.
"Women shouldn't have to feel like that," she says. "I just felt like really targeted."
'I can make a difference'
Harris has spoken out about the incidents and the response from the community has been overwhelmingly supportive.
The Bent Arrow Traditional Healing Society, which provides programs for Edmonton's Indigenous population, has gotten in touch and Harris is now mentoring young people. She's also heard from the local friendship centre, as well as the people behind the #MakeItAwkward campaign, which encourages Edmontonians to confront racism.
"I feel like I can make a difference in helping other youth speak up and like use their voices."
Harris says more than 50 people have also sent her messages on social media, encouraging her, and asking if she needs any help in Edmonton.
"I've just gotten so much support from people and from organizations," she says.
"We need to like to speak up and bring awareness and talk about these things cause these things exist and something needs to be done about it."
Harris keeps in mind a quote she heard from her great-uncle, Peter T'selle, that he took away from the landmark Berger inquiry in 1974. A first for its time, Indigenous people were able to testify about the effect a natural gas pipeline would have on their land.
"He said that we're no longer sleeping and we're waking up now," Harris says T'selle told her.
"That's one of the things that stays with me."
Clinton is suggesting that walls are useless against today's borderless threats. Obama is suggesting that the world is marching toward ever-more interconnectedness, trampling the walls in its way. Both seem to present walls as a thing of the past. In fact, though, border walls and fences are currently going up around the world at the fastest rate since the Cold War.
This is one piece of evidence cited in a new book on the consequences of connectedness. In The Seventh Sense, Joshua Cooper Ramo argues that in the modern era, the world is in many ways organized into networks that “emerge when nodes—which can be composed of people, financial markets, computers, mobile devices, drones, or any lively and connectable object—link to other nodes.” And the central debate of the networked age—a debate that's far from settled, despite the confident declarations of Clinton and Obama—is the degree to which these connected systems should be open or closed.
“There are certain reasons networks want to be closed, which have to do with their efficiency,” Ramo told me. “If they're totally open they become so inefficient that they stop growing. … The essential locus of control in any network system is the role of the gatekeeper.”
Ramo, a former journalist and the co-CEO and vice chairman of the consulting firm Kissinger Associates, applies network theory to international affairs. The fall of the Berlin Wall and the end of the Cold War helped usher in unfettered globalization, he argues, but now a backlash is underway. Globalization has gradually produced a desire in certain parts of the world for separation—particularly after a series of traumas, including the 9/11 attacks and the global financial crisis, exposed the hazards of freewheeling integration. And separation is increasingly being achieved through physical barriers.
The statistic Ramo cites about the spread of walls comes from a study by the political scientists Ron Hassner and Jason Wittenberg: Of the 51 fortified boundaries built between countries since the end of World War II, around half were constructed between 2000 and 2014. Hassner and Wittenberg found that such boundaries—structures like the existing U.S.-Mexico border fence, the Israel-West Bank barrier, and the Saudi Arabia-Yemen border fence—tend to be constructed by wealthy countries seeking to keep out the citizens of poorer countries, and that many of these fortifications have been built between states in the Muslim world.
Number of Separation Barriers Initiated Around the World, 1945 – 2014
Ron Hassner and Jason Wittenberg / The Atlantic
“The walls, fences, and trenches of the modern world seem to be getting longer, more ambitious, and better defended with each passing year,” Ramo writes. “The creation of gates is … the corollary of connection.”
Recently, many of those fences have been appearing in Europe, as countries there struggle to process an influx of migrants and refugees. (The chart above doesn't account for all of these new barriers, a number of which have been constructed since 2014.) The Economist observed in January that, as a result of the refugee crisis and the conflict in Ukraine, “Europe will soon have more physical barriers on its national borders than it did during the Cold War.” New border controls and barriers, including Austria's proposed fence along the border with Italy, are threatening the viability of the European Union's passport-free Schengen zone. Here's what the situation looked like as of early March:
Putin confirmed such a solution was discussed at the G-20 Summit last week. Putin: No U.S. strikes for Syria deal
Russian President Vladimir Putin said Tuesday that for the proposed Russian agreement that Syria turn over its chemical weapons to work, the United States must take military action off the table.
“Certainly, this is all reasonable, it will function and will work out, only if the US and those who support it on this issue pledge to renounce the use of force, because it is difficult to make any country – Syria or any other country in the world – to unilaterally disarm if there is military action against it under consideration,” Putin said, according to RT.com.
Story Continued Below
Putin also confirmed that he and President Barack Obama discussed the possibility of such a solution on the sidelines of the G-20 Summit last week, saying they agreed to have Secretary of State John Kerry and his Russian counterpart get in touch to move the idea forward.
( VIDEO: Who to watch on Syria)
The White House on Tuesday said it would work with the United Nations to try to move forward on a path to the solution proposed by the Russians, which Syria has agreed to, but it is urging skepticism as to whether Syria will actually follow through.
President Barack Obama will still make a televised address to the American public Tuesday night making the case for military action, and the administration has credited the threat of a strike with moving a possible diplomatic solution forward.
This article tagged under: Syria
Russia
Vladimir Putin
Image copyright Thinkstock
People over 50 are being advised to avoid caffeine after lunchtime to get a good night's sleep.
A report for the charity Age UK says sleeping soundly gets harder as we age but getting enough rest is important to keep mentally sharp.
It recommends older people get seven to eight hours of sleep a night and gives tips on how to achieve this.
As well as avoiding tea and coffee, older people should keep daytime naps to shorter than half an hour.
Other tips include:
Get up at the same time every day
Expose yourself to natural sunlight during the daytime
Don't drink alcohol to help you to sleep
Try to eat dinner about three hours before going to bed
Don't look at an electronic screen of any kind after you get into bed - tablet, phone, laptop, etc
Avoid using over-the-counter sleep preparations
Wear socks to keep your feet warm in bed
Don't sleep with pets in the bedroom
Avoid arguments with spouse or partner before going to bed
The report was written by the Global Council on Brain Health report - a panel of experts convened by Age UK and the American Association of Retired Persons.
Image copyright Thinkstock
As we age, our sleep patterns change, so we become more vulnerable to waking during the night and earlier in the morning.
This is important because, in the long term, poor sleep increases the risk of heart disease, obesity and diabetes, say the report authors.
James Goodwin from Age UK said: "Sleeping is something we all tend to take for granted, but we really have to wise up to the fact that getting the right amount of good sleep is crucial as we age, helping to protect us from all kinds of problems that can affect our brains as well as our bodies.
"The message is that in order to stay mentally sharp in later life - something we all care passionately about - take care of your sleep."
For those struggling with their sleep, the report says:
If you have trouble sleeping at night, but doze off in the evening in front of the TV, trying going to bed a bit earlier or get off the sofa and walk around for a bit to keep alert
If you go to bed but can't nod off, get up for a while and find another quiet place to relax until you feel sleepy enough to try going back to bed
If you worry a lot while in bed, schedule about 15 minutes each morning as your "worry time" rather than becoming stressed at night
It is worth chatting to your doctor if you have poor sleep and it is having a negative impact on your life.
Chris Stemman, from the British Coffee Association, said: "Caffeine is a stimulant and the speed at which it is metabolised in the body varies from person to person.
"If you do enjoy coffee in the afternoon but find it does affect your sleep you could also switch to decaffeinated coffee, which is another solution to consider."
20 July 2017- Parliament of Moldova adopts by 74 votes out of 101 in second hearing the draft on the mixed electoral system replacing the proportional one. The new law was adopted right away after the Communists' Party left the session as a sign of protest. The 74 deputies are probably the same Democrats and Socialists, plus the unaffiliated MPs, who voted in favor of the mixed system in May.
Even if the Venice Commission advised not to implement the mixed electoral system in the current state of Moldova, Parliament Speaker Andrian Candu thanked the pan-European constitutional law body and other parties involved in the drafting.
Despite the approval of the MPs, the opposition parties and civil society are continuing the protest against the new mixed system, stressing out the violation of the principle of a large consensus needed for adoption of a new electoral system.
LIVE VIDEO:
Another rally took place right on the stairs in front of the Parliament building. Several NGOs and local officials, mainly representing the Democratic Party of Moldova, argued that the mixed electoral system is needed to ensure MPs are “closer to the people”. Nevertheless, this second rally seemed to be more organized and planned, taking in account the installed scene, speakers and the placards.
The rally favoring the electoral system change ended at 11am, after the draft was approved by the Parliament.
According to the new system, 51 MPs would be elected from electoral districts and 50 from party lists. The current draft of the electoral law also stipulates that the electoral districts would be formed by a special Government commission, composed of civil society and political parties' representatives, as well as representatives of ethnic minorities and expert bodies. The shape of the electoral districts would be published one year before the elections. Voters from Transnistria and from abroad would be represented on geographical basis, beside their electoral “weight”. 7 electoral debates have been organized to debate the draft on the mixed electoral system, but a large part of the civil society and all opposition parties refused to participate and had little involvement stating that the new system does not address the real problems of the electoral process.
Another MRI for Reds' Homer Bailey
Cincinnati Reds starting pitcher Homer Bailey (34) throws to first from his knees after getting hit by a ball off the bat of Cleveland Indians second baseman Jose Ramirez (11) during the fifth inning. (Photo: The Enquirer/Gary Landers)
The Reds are in a holding pattern with right-hander Homer Bailey, who is on the disabled list with a strained flexor mass tendon in his right arm. Bailey had an ultrasound and second MRI recently because he was not progressing as the Reds had hoped after a platelet-rich plasma injection.
Trainer Paul Lessard said Reds medical director Dr. Timothy Kremchek has a theory about what is wrong, but has sent the scans out to other orthopedists around baseball for multiple opinions.
"Right now we're in a holding pattern for those orthopedic guys to give us the final (word)," Lessard said.
Bailey went on the disabled list Aug. 16.
"(Bailey) is, unfortunately, very frustrated, but unfortunately I have to think about his arm for the future as well, not just the next four weeks," Lessard said. "We have to think about what's best for him, not just the next four weeks."
Manager Bryan Price said he was also disappointed in the news.
"I know it hasn't healed as well as we'd like to have it healed. That will prevent him from starting his throwing program as soon as we'd hoped," Price said. "As far as where we go from here, I'm not sure. We were hoping for more progress and there wasn't as much as we'd hoped and that prohibits us from initiating a throwing session."
MESORACO STRUGGLING: After Sunday's game, Reds catcher Devin Mesoraco did something that raised a few eyebrows – he went straight to the batting cage.
Mired in a slump – Mesoraco entered Wednesday's game 1-for-his-last-31 over 10 games – the All-Star catcher is doing the only thing he knew to do – work out of it.
"That was more just frustration than anything," Mesoraco said. "You keep working, keep trying to figure it out and try to find the swing you had when you were going good. You know at some point it's going to turn around and you just want to make it as short as possible."
NEWSLETTERS Get the Bengals Beat newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Bengals Beat Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Sunday's extra batting practice was more to let out some steam than anything else, he said. He's also put in a little more time in the weight room to try to work out that frustration.
"This is a very performance-based game, I expect a lot out of myself. It's very frustrating," Mesoraco said. "It's all you can do is keep working, work through it and hopefully it'll turn around. The last couple of games, I've felt better, I thought I swung the bat OK, I just couldn't find any hits. You just keep working, working, working and at some point I expect to get some more hits, it's just a question of when."
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1pj3a0A
Fresh off plans to picket Glee star Cory Monteith's funeral, Fred Phelps' freakishly large family, otherwise known as the Westboro Baptist Church, has announced it will be coming to Brown on Thursday, August 1. It's going to be running all over Providence that day, and it plans to be on College Hill—75 Waterman, to be specific—from 10 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. Its message to Brunonia, from a press release:
You've endowed chairs of scorning at Brown University. You've dedicated your University's resources to “LGBTQ Center” to flip God off. What part of Lev. 18:22, “Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination,” do you fools not understand?!? GOD'S NOT GOING TO APOLOGIZE TO SODOM OR NOAH'S FAG-MARRYING GENERATION: THOSE RESIDENTS IN HELL FOR THESE EONS.
Now, I know Brown students need no instruction in how to deal with loud anti-gay protestors. But know that the Westboro Baptist Church makes the American Society for the Defense of Tradition, Family and Property look like it just has a small disagreement with homosexuals. This monstrously hateful language is pretty typical for the Phelps clan.
It's important to note that WBC feeds off of this sort of attention—as it did when it planned to visit Vassar College—so it's understandable to want to just completely ignore it. But that decision is yours; news vans will probably be chasing the protestors throughout Rhode Island anyway. If you're planning to be in Providence on August 1, however, and you decide to give them the bigoted-bagpiper treatment, here are some signs you might want to bring with you. Show them how Brown students feel about the LGBTQQIAAP2S community. Summer@Brown kids won't know what hit them.
The Brown LGBTQ Center will be holding a meeting about the protest on Monday, July 22 at 3 p.m. at the LGBTQ Center (321-323 Faunce House). Be sure to like its Facebook page for additional updates.
Here's the full WBC press release, if you're looking for a good rage read:
Images via and via.
Bitcoin, the peer-to-peer currency with no central bank, based on digital tokens with no intrinsic value, appears to be headed where no other virtual currencies has gone to date.
First mentioned in a research paper written under a pseudonym 5 years ago Bitcoin has, in the last year, moved from the domain of crypto-geeks to a more mainstream adoption. Today, companies are offering specialized computers and chips to "mine" bitcoins, and many middlemen have emerged to help turn it from an interesting math problem into a useful currency that can be used to purchase items or make donations. A new ecosystem has arisen around the currency with both good and bad actors.
This has forced governments and regulators to scramble to define how the new currency fit into the global regulatory framework. In March, the Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) issued regulations that would require people mining bitcoins for financial gains to register with the government. A couple of months later, the Kenyan government gave its approval to a project linking bitcoin to M-PESA, a popular mobile currency in that country. By August, the German government had essentially recognized bitcoin as a real currency sitting alongside the euro and the dollar.
And by late November, the US Senate was holding hearings on the currency that were described as a "lovefest" and US federal reserve chairman Ben Bernanke gave the currency some extra legitimacy by mentioning its potential as an alternative currency. A recent note by the Chicago Federal Reserve concluded that Bitcoin "represents a remarkable conceptual and technical achievement, which may well be used by existing financial institutions (which could issue their own bitcoins) or even by governments themselves," a rallying cry to all central bankers that the currency could be a very strong emerging standard that needs to be regulated. And investors have taken notice too, with a bitcoin hedge fund posting staggering returns this year.
All this has added up to Bitcoin becoming a new hope in the long road to creating a virtual currency. That road is littered with the corpses of many previous efforts, dating back to the early days of the commercial internet: Digicash, Ecash, Beenz, Flooz, Linden Dollars, and Qcoins were all heralded once as the new currency to be born out of the internet and unattached to any governments. Digicash ended up being acquired by Ecash, which itself was acquired after the dotcom crash; Flooz collapsed after the FBI found it was used as a tool for credit card fraud; Beenz turned itself into a reward scheme; the Linden dollar met with the same kind of enthusiasm as bitcoin did but didn't get widespread acceptance beyond its initial base in the online world of Second Life; Qcoins set China on fire, even leading the Chinese central authorities to complain about its impact on the Yuan.
Each of these cases is instructive about the road map for bitcoin.
Regulatory Issues
Over the next few months, expect a lot more legal activity around bitcoins. The currency has already received some negative press due to criminal activities being performed with it (in truth, all successful technologies have good and bad uses so one may consider this as another validation point): In 2011, security firm Symantec noted that criminals were using computer trojans to create botnets that could use a victim's computer to mine bitcoins; Earlier this year, US authorities seized assets from Mt. Gox, the leading bitcoin exchange, arguing it was being used for money laundering; In October, Silkroad, a sort of Ebay for drugs and other illegal goods was shut down, casting a pall on Bitcoin as it was the currency of choice for the marketplace. These have led prominent politicians such as Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY) to look at bitcoin as a money laundering tool while some senatorial candidates now take bitcoin donations.
So the future of bitcoin may be defined by how well the regulatory frameworks adopt it. With legitimate uses behind it, there is room for the currency to succeed but remember that legitimate uses existed behind every other previous efforts. To meet a better fate than previous cryptocurrencies, the bitcoin communities may have to make certain concessions around tracking or identifying bitcoin activity, loosening some of the anonymity that has been a defining element of the currency and potentially making it more like a credit card or PayPal type of transaction.
Today, a large part of the financial system is based on understanding and reporting how money flows, with different types of reporting and identification requirements based on the size of transactions. For example, US financial institutions are required to file a Currency Transaction Report (CTR) for every transaction of over $10,000 (at today's bitcoin rate, it would mean somewhere around 10 bitcoins); donations to politicians or non-profit organizations need to be accounted for for tax purpose so every individual or organization willing to accept bitcoins as donations must have a way to track the source and size of a transaction; companies that set themselves up as exchanges for bitcoins are treated as money transmitters (or money transfer operators) and fall under other sets of regulations. In order for bitcoin to survive, each element in the distribution chain will have to agree to moving closer to the regulatory framework.
Then, there is the question of threat: when the Qcoin started gaining traction as a mean of transaction, the Chinese government started applying pressure on Tencent, the company behind the Qcoin. But as bitcoin is decentralized and does not have an individual corporate owner, expect a fair amount of handwringing from regulators who generally see threat in the things they cannot control.
Technical Challenges
The technology that has made bitcoin successful to date may also pose issues down the road. More than half of all the bitcoins that could ever be in circulation have been mined, due to a hard limit set into the mathematical algorithm controlling its distribution and limiting the total number of bitcoins to 21 million coins in circulation. That feature has lead to an inflationary bubble in bitcoin-to-dollar trading, with prices fluctuating largely from one day to the next. As fewer bitcoins become available through mining, new entrants in the market may be limited, making it more difficult for the currency to increase its overall float.
Today, bitcoin chains keep track of all financial activity in a block of software code. As the currency changes hands, that register gets longer and longer and will require some changes to the protocol in order to go beyond a certain point. Right now the people who relay transactions do not get paid to do so, an important part of what makes the network successful. The increasing cost of relaying transactions may end up making the currency too expensive to manage outside of a small group of users. The protocol has been edited several times with agreement from most members of the community, but as the currency grows larger getting to agreements on changes may take substantially longer.
As the currency is gaining interest, it is already getting more attractive to criminals, who will look for ways to exploit security flaws in order to steal bitcoins. While the algorithm has not been cracked yet, expect increased attempts to find ways to steal or counterfeit bitcoins over the next few months.
Societal Acceptance
Beyond the technical and regulatory issues is the societal challenge of getting acceptance from the general population. On that end, there is hope as many recent changes have made such currencies more acceptable. The success of the Qcoin in China has led to increased acceptance of bitcoin. In Europe, the generational move to the Euro a decade has gotten individuals to become more attuned to the idea of using a different currency and some seeing the new currency as a great alternative the Euro.
For bitcoin to gain more widespread acceptance, advocates will have to make the case that it is as safe to use as any other form of payment, bringing a message to the masses that this is a legitimate and valid currency that can be used in the same fashion as dollars, euros, or yuans.
To date, the growth of bitcoin has been extremely impressive but the currency now sits at a crossroad: on one side, its backers may have to make concessions to established governments and financial operators, abandoning some of the core features that have made it successful (anonymity, artificial limits); on the other, the community may decide that it will not compromise the core philosophy of the currency, setting itself up for a fight against established actors. As a result, the next 12 months will be ones of transition for the cryptocurrency, deciding whether it will be sitting alongside debit or credit as a valid form of payment next holiday season or whether it will be seen as another historical footnote in digital currency history.
The highest-ranking North Korean official to defect in decades spoke to CBS' “60 Minutes,” warning that the U.S. should not underestimate dictator Kim Jong-un.
Thae Yong-ho was North Korea's deputy ambassador in London before he defected in August with his wife and two sons.
His appearance on Sunday's episode of “60 Minutes” was his first time walking in public since fleeing to South Korea.
Kim Jong-un continues to expand and develop his country's weapons, despite crippling sanctions and widespread poverty. North Korea tested a new ballistic missile this week, fired from a mobile launcher using a new type of solid fuel engine.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Kim Jong-un strongly believes that once he possesses ICBM [intercontinental ballistic missile], then he can easily scare off America,” Thae said. “Kim Jong-un's capability to wreak harm, not only to America but also South Korea and the world, should not be underestimated.”
Shortly after the missile launch, Kim's estranged half-brother was killed, poisoned in a Malaysian airport — South Korea intelligence believes Kim directed the assassination.
Thae said he doesn't doubt that Kim would kill him and send his remaining family in North Korea — a brother and sister — to prison camps.
The “60 Minutes” crew visited the border separating North and South Korea, a tense 2.5-mile demilitarized zone. On the Northern side, a fake village was erected to impress the South, and massive speakers blare propaganda. Thousands of pieces of artillery are aimed at Seoul just out of sight.
U.S. Air Force Gen. James Slife said South Korean and American forces are always prepared for the worst.
“This is truly one of those places where the best way to prevent a war is being ready for a war,” he said.
The U.S. is set to deploy a new missile defense system in South Korea, a commitment new Defense Secretary James Mattis reaffirmed on a recent trip to the country.
Gen. Vincent Brooks, who leads U.S. forces in Korea said Kim's goals are “survival and recognition.”
“What it takes to go from the condition we're in at this moment to hostilities again is literally the matter of a decision on North Korea's side to say fire. And on top of this we have the missile capability that's been developed, over 120 missiles fired just in the time of Kim Jong-un alone,” he said.
“North Korea's responsible for the direction that the region is going. It is responsible for the conditions of instability that are starting to arise. It has to take responsibility for that and stop.”
U.S. intelligence estimates that North Korea has at least 10 nuclear weapons, CBS News reports.
“If North Korea uses nuclear weapons, it will be met with an effective and overwhelming response,” Brooks said. “Now they can take it to the bank. We make that same point to our allies and partners, like the Republic of Korea and like Japan.”
185 – The Good Road Part 1
Paul Wheaton talks to Neil Bertrando about the book, "A Good Road Lies Easy on the Land," by Paul Zeedyk, which fits well with keyline design. Paul talks about making dams to form ponds. Neil talks about induced meandering, which allows streams to intentionally erode an area, which reduces the need to bring in heavy equipment. Paul shares about a bad experience of a group making a road. They didn't understand what it meant to build a crown. Paul would maintain the crown on his driveway every spring when the snow cleared. They talk about potholes. The book focuses on good drainage and preserving the integrity and health of the surrounding land. The book asks how to allow the water to feed the landscape and reduce road maintenance costs. They talk about building a road with local, on-site materials. They talk about designing for emergency overflow in a dam. They talk about utilizing swales. They talk about creek restoration and Mark Van Der Meer. Paul admires Ben Law's approach to woodland management. They talk about different roads for different vehicles.
New York (CNN) A pair of New York police officers shot and wounded while responding to an armed robbery in the Bronx were going off-duty and probably not wearing their bulletproof vests, police officials said Tuesday.
In fact, Andrew Dossi, Aliro Pellerano and three other officers were changing clothes at the end of a dangerous anti-crime detail when they ran out of a Bronx station house to search for two robbery suspects, officials said. The suspects were arrested Tuesday.
"Chances are they weren't wearing their vests," Chief of Department James O'Neill told reporters. "They were going home. They jumped into a car and they ended up getting into this fierce firefight."
The alleged shooter was identified as Jason Polanco, a 24-year-old boxer who was charged with five counts of attempted murder of a police officer and was said to have posted anti-police and anti-government statements on social media, police said. His alleged accomplice, Joshua Kemp, 28, was arrested on robbery charges.
The wounded officers spent Tuesday at St. Barnabas Hospital in the Bronx. One of them, Dossi, who is 30 and has eight years on the job, was in stable condition following surgery after being shot in the arm and lower back, according to police. The other, Pellerano, who is 38 and has nine years as an officer, is in stable condition with gunshot wounds to the chest and arm.
"Last night a team of our officers displayed extraordinary bravery, going above and beyond the call to protect their fellow New Yorkers," Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has found himself at odds with some in his police force in recent weeks, said in a statement Tuesday. "We thank these officers for their commitment to serving our city, including answering the call after their shift had ended. ... This incident was yet another reminder of how profoundly important the work of our police officers is, as well as the seriousness of the dangers they face every day in the line of duty."
De Blasio also thanked New Yorkers who provided more than two dozen tips that helped identify the gunman. Police said 10 of the tipsters identified Polanco by name.
Monday night, authorities located the white Camaro that two suspects carjacked a block from the shooting, as well as a .44-caliber revolver, but no one was inside the vehicle.
Before Polanco was arrested, police offered a $12,000 reward for information leading to a bearded man pictured in a surveillance video from inside a take-out Chinese restaurant moments before the shooting. Police said he was the man who shot at the officers. Polanco entered the restaurant and bought a bottle of iced tea before coming out firing at the officers who stopped his alleged accomplice outside, police said.
One of the suspects, as seen in a Chinese restaurant moments before the shooting
'Extraordinarily brave'
The call about an armed robbery at a Bronx grocery store came in around 10:30 p.m. Monday, as five plainclothes officers were coming off their shift.
Rather than going home, the police went to look for the criminals, something de Blasio described as "extraordinarily brave and ... part of their commitment."
The officers exchanged gunfire with Polanco, police said, but the suspects got away, fleeing on foot for one block and then carjacking the Camaro.
JUST WATCHED Two NYPD officers shot responding to a robbery Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Two NYPD officers shot responding to a robbery 02:20
At tense time for police in city
Sometime after the shooting, Kemp checked himself into a Manhattan hospital with a gunshot wound to the back, officials said. The man who drove him to the hospital was also taken into custody.
Kemp, who has been arrested multiple times for robbery and was on parole, gave an account of how he was shot that didn't add up, police said.
"He told a story that didn't seem factual, to be honest with you," Robert Boyce, chief of detectives, told reporters. "He was not credible. ... So, quickly the story didn't add up and then we saw his background, that he was a Bronx guy and we started breaking the case."
The incident happened just south of Fordham University, an area hardly unfamiliar to violent crime. John Cardillo, who patrolled the area when he was a police officer, called it "a rough neighborhood in the '90s, and it still is today... (It had and has) armed bad guys with the propensity to shoot someone."
The shootings have gotten heightened attention given when they happened -- at a time of large-scale anti-police protests after a grand jury decided not to indict a white New York police officer in the death of Eric Garner, an African-American man.
Even if it's too early to tie it to this incident, experts in the law enforcement community have expressed concerns that such sentiment -- views supported in some respects, according to some police, by de Blasio -- will encourage violence against police. That's what happened, they say, when Ismaaiyl Brinsley fatally ambushed NYPD officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu last month as they sat in their patrol car.
JUST WATCHED Police pay tribute to slain NYPD officer Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Police pay tribute to slain NYPD officer 01:54
"When the rhetoric turns anti-police, the police are concerned that people on the street, it's going to increase the already existent lack of respect in certain segments of the society -- including armed robbers ... and other violent criminals," said CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes, a former FBI assistant director.
De Blasio has become a focal point for supporters of law enforcement, with some police even turning their backs on him at Ramos' and Liu's funerals because of their perception that he has been overly supportive of protesters and critical of police.
"The relationship is toxic (and) almost irretrievable in some respects," CNN political commentator Errol Louis said of the mayor-police dynamic. "This is not a good atmosphere."
On Tuesday, Patrick Lynch, the president of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, who has accused de Blasio of having "blood on his hands" after the two officers were killed in December, said in a statement: "New York City police officers, who could have closed their lockers and gone home after their shift ended, chose to respond to a robbery in progress and, sadly, were shot in the process. Our members are out there doing their jobs and putting themselves in danger to keep this city safe just as they always do."
Greg Sargent's reminding everyone of John Boehner's promise never to allow a default on America's debts (which means that there's really no point in Democrats caving to any of his demands) must have set off the klaxons at GOP Messaging Central, because a few hours later Robert Costa was citing an unnamed source claiming that Boehner was reassuring his peeps by claiming that he was going to try to dangle the “Grand Bargain” in front of Obama's eyes:
The revelation came quietly. Boehner called groups of members to his Capitol office all day, taking their temperature on the shutdown and the debt limit. It became clear, members say, that Boehner's chief goal is conference unity as the debt limit nears, and he's looking at potentially blending a government-spending deal and debt-limit agreement into a larger budget package “It's the return of the grand bargain,” says one House Republican, who requested anonymity to speak freely. “There weren't a lot of specifics discussed, and the meetings were mostly about just checking in. But he's looking hard at the debt limit as a place where we can do something big.”
That may be what Boehner's telling his peeps, but if he thinks it's going to get Obama or the Dems to cave, Obama's speech today in Rockville, Maryland showed that this latest GOP ploy won't work all that well:
If the Speaker of the House, John Boehner, simply let the bill get on the floor for an up or down vote […] the shutdown would end today. The only thing that is keeping the government shut down, the only thing preventing people going back to work, and basic research starting back up, and farmers and small businesses getting their loans, the only thing that's preventing all of that from happening right now, today, in the next five minutes, is that Speaker John Boehner won't even let the bill get a yes or no vote.
And now Robert Costa is acknowledging that Obama's standing firm. Costa tweeted this earlier this morning:
Just got my hands on Cantor's Thurs memo to House Rs: “We are really in an unprecedented place,” he writes. O “refusing to actively engage”
— @robertcostaNRO
And right before that, Costa retweeted this from Annie Lowrey:
Boehner might break the Hastert Rule for the debt ceiling. But the showdown continues, and markets get nervous: http://t.co/JwpkXTRQaM
And just in case this wasn't totally clear, we have Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul caught unawares near an open mike last night admitting that the Democrats' public and private messages are the same: They won't cave.
Boehner may well have told his peeps that Obama'd bite on the Grand Bargain lure. Looks like he told them wrong. Quelle surprise.
(Crossposted at Mercury Rising.)
As more states in the U.S. legalize same-sex marriage, it is easy to forget that in many communities, such as the Islamic one, homosexuality is frowned upon.
The U.S. based Washington Post tells the story of Imam Daayiee Abdullah who is seeking to make a change.
The openly gay African-American convert to Islam quietly helps same-sex Muslim couples marry and keep the secret from their families.
Abdullah led a particularly sensitive marriage ceremony for a Muslim marrying his Quaker partner.
“We had to ask all our guests to do a social-media blackout of our wedding. No Facebook, no Twitter no Instagram,” said M.Q., the Muslim partner, “our relatives could be killed, their homes could be destroyed…if our wedding was on the internet.”
The atypical imam is regarded as something of a hero within the local gay Muslim community.
“He has been immensely helpful for individuals who are trying to reconcile our sexuality with our faith,” said Faisal Alam, a Muslim activist formerly based in Washington, in an interview with the Washington Post.
Despite some support, Abdullah has plenty of detractors.
Some local imams “refuse to say Salaam (a greeting) to me,” he says. There is also strong anger prevalent on internet forums. Abdullah has been called “twisted and perverted,” and a champion of ideas “clearly forbidden in Islam.”
The mainstream Islamic viewpoint is that sex should only occur between married couples and couples can only be made up of members of the opposite sex.
“I disagree with Imam Daayiee's interpretation of the Koran,” said Johari Abdul-Malik, executive committee member of the Council of Muslim Organizations in Greater Washington, in an interview with the Washington Post.
However, he added that all communities need spiritual leadership, “I challenge him to take care of those who follow him,” said Abdul-Malik.
A gay Muslim and his role in society
Abdullah's first act, when he took up the role of an imam, was to perform the funeral rites for a gay Muslim man who had died of complications brought about by AIDS.
He was the only Muslim leader in the area willing to perform the ceremony.
“There's really a need here,” he said, “especially among those who have been brutalized for being gay.”
Part of the problem, says Urooj Arshad, a member of the Muslim Alliance for Sexual and Gender Diversity, is that a lot of Abdullah's target audience have left their faith.
“But he's our one and only, there's no one else in the U.S. that does the work that he does,” Arshad said.
Last Update: Thursday, 18 April 2013 KSA 18:11 - GMT 15:11
I
t was in 2013 when Edward Snowden usedto bust theactivities conducted by NSA, revealing around 1.7 million files as estimated by the United States Officials. Three years have passed, but the NSA authorities can still feel the impact in their head. The Intercept has published some snapshots that reveal more about the surveillance activities conducted by the American and British security agencies.
The images contribute as a part of the documents obtained by The Intercept from NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, which account for a series of surveillance operations led by Britain's GCHQ (Government Communications Headquarters) in assistance with its American counterpart NSA. The purpose of the operations was to intercept analogue video feeds from Israeli and Syrian drones presumed to be carrying missiles.
Codenamed as “Anarchist”, the video interception mission by GCHQ and NSA involved the exploit of satellite and radio communication signals in east Mediterranean and Levant regions which was conducted at the GCHQ station at the Royal Air Force communication base situated in Troodos Mountains of Cyprus.
A training module was issued to the analysts to guide them with available open source tools and methods to process scrambled imagery obtained from Israeli drones. Instructions were mentioned to capture the video footage frames in BMP format images with the use of M2Extra.
GCHQ used open source software like AntiSky to break down commercial satellite encryption. AntiSky was developed by Dr. Markus Kuhn, Computer Laboratory at the University of Cambridge. The software allows anyone to peep through the satellite signals and then use his expertise to come up with some meaningful outcome. However, digital video signals used by some drones might pose difficulty for the analysts appointed by the security agencies.
The computing power needed to descramble the images in near real time is considerable without the use of dedicated hardware such as a video capture card that can record uncompressed images. It is still possible to descramble individual frames to determine the image content without making too much effort.
— Cited from the Anarchist Training Module “ISUAV Video Descrambling”, released by The Intercept.
A 6-minute video footage was captured by the analysts on January 28, 2010, featuring a Heron TP – manufactured by Israel Aerospace Industries – carrying a heavy weapon, probably a missile that is clearly visible on the left wing.
“It certainly looks like the missile-shaped objects are weapons. The bodies appear to have cruciform tail fins. The distortion makes it a bit hard to tell size, but — assuming they are bombs — these are definitely less than 500-pound class,” says the Aviation Week editor Bill Sweetman.
Several more signals were intercepted on different dates and the analysts arrived at the conclusion that the Israeli and Syrian militaries were using IAI Heron, IAI Eitan, and Aeronautics Aerostar Tactical – “This is the standard IAI Heron, which can be recognized by the shape of the satellite communications radome,” said Sweetman in reference to an image captured on April 26, 2009 – loaded with weapons.
Another blurred snapshot – which was “too poor to process” according to an Anarchist document – was recorded on August 25, 2009. The same day when several Palestinians were killed in a Gaza smuggler tunnel bombing conducted by IDF. A 14-second video footage from January 3, 2008, captured by Menwith Hill NSA surveillance site, was of an Israeli F-16 fighter plane, “showed an ‘unbroken line' running through the targeting display, indicating that the target being tracked was on the ground”. The footage could be related to Gaza strip airstrikes that killed nine people. NSA did pat its back for intercepting the footage in an internal newsletter published in March 2008.
The Intercept writes,
A 2010 GCHQ report includes stills from a video captured by Anarchist that “revealed multiple video streams from different cameras.” The report explains that “this is potentially a significant upgrade to the normal analogue video we see, this new system adds the capability to see a number of video feeds simultaneously.” It concludes that “we currently have no collection system capable of processing this signal due to the high data rate and complexity of the underlying data,” and suggests expanding capabilities in order to capture such videos.
Clearly, the report did express GCHQ and NSA's concern to intercept the digital video footage and advanced communication methods utilized in newer Israeli drones.
Write your views about this revelation in the comments section below.
Also read: Case Against NSA Dismissed Because Nobody Can Prove That It is Spying
Desperate to hang on, somehow Chase Utley and the Phillies did. Derek Jeter grounded into a double play, Mark Teixeira struck out, and Philadelphia staved off the Yankees and elimination with an 8-6 win in Game 5 on Monday night.
Now comes the hard part: winning twice at Yankee Stadium.
Game 6 will be played Wednesday night, with New York's Andy Pettitte going on short rest against Pedro Martinez, not exactly a beloved figure in the Bronx.
Utley hit two home runs to raise his Series total to a record-tying five, Cliff Lee won again and Philadelphia cut its deficit to 3-2.
"We didn't have a choice. It was either go home and watch football and college basketball or extend the season," Phillies shortstop Jimmy Rollins said.
Ahead 8-2, the Phillies watched New York score three times in the eighth inning and put its first two batters on in the ninth. Jeter's grounder drove in a run, but the fans on their feet couldn't exhale until Teixeira struck out as the tying run.
Whew!
Utley hit a go-ahead, three-run homer in the first inning off A.J. Burnett and added a solo shot in the seventh to join Reggie Jackson as the only players to hit five home runs in a single World Series.
"Obviously it's great company," Utley said. "It's pretty surreal."
Philadelphia replicated its winning formula from the opener, when Utley hit two solo homers and Lee pitched a six-hitter. Raul Ibanez set off fireworks from the Liberty Bell one last time, adding a second solo shot in the seventh off Phil Coke that made it 8-2.
In a matchup of starters from Arkansas, Lee allowed five runs and seven hits in seven-plus innings. He is 4-0 with a 1.56 ERA in five postseason starts.
"I don't think my command was as good as it has been," Lee said. "I had to battle a little bit."
Alex Rodriguez had put the Yankees ahead with an RBI double in the first and hit a two-run double in the eighth off Lee. He scored on Robinson Cano's sacrifice fly against Chan Ho Park to cut the deficit to 8-5.
Jorge Posada clanked a double against the right-field wall leading off the ninth against Ryan Madson, and Hideki Matsui singled him to third.
Closer Brad Lidge was nowhere to be seen one night after his ninth-inning meltdown.
"I kind of wanted to just give Lidge a break tonight if I could," Phillies manager Charlie Manuel said.
Publicist begins giving evidence in indecent assault trial after barrister says women's claims about penis size are incorrect
Max Clifford has begun giving evidence in his trial for a string of indecent assaults, going through details of his star-studded client list.
The 70-year-old sat in the witness box at Southwark crown court on Wednesday, describing his encounters with household names including Sir Tom Jones, the Beatles and the Bee Gees.
Earlier his barrister Richard Horwell QC had told the court that the trial would not be "turned into a celebrity extravaganza". He told the jury that conflicting claims of four women about the size of his client's penis were incorrect.
The jury has heard claims that Clifford has a "micropenis" measuring two and half inches, while one woman told the court the publicist's penis was "enormous".
"None of these four witnesses is correct," he said. "That's because Mr Clifford has an average-sized penis. That will be his evidence."
Horwell added that his client had played "a lot of sport in his life" and had entered many sport room showers.
A doctor had measured Clifford's penis at five and a quarter inches long when flaccid, the barrister said.
"Certainly not freakishly small and certainly not enormous," Horwell said. "Not one of these witnesses can be relied upon."
Earlier the court heard Clifford had admitted to police to having "slap and tickle" in his office but denied ever forcing women to have sex with him. He listened from the dock as extracts of his police interviews were read to jurors.
Asked by detectives whether his office was "sexually charged" in the 1980s, Clifford told police: "That's probably right. It was that kind of time, entertainers, that's quite possible."
He added: "I never screwed anyone in my office. No one was ever put in a position to do anything that they didn't want to do.
"Sex was to be enjoyed, not to upset someone or force someone. I'm not that kind of man. I would be thoroughly ashamed of myself if I was putting a girl in that kind of predicament."
Clifford told police he never had sexual intercourse in his office but admitted there had been "slap and tickle, kissing and cuddling".
"I might have had oral sex occasionally," he said. "I do think in the 60s, 70s and 80s things were different."
Police asked Clifford why he thought the allegations had been made against him. He replied: "There are people I have turned down. Whether it's people who just don't like me because I'm rich and successful. There's a probably a lot of girls out there who think they are stars but aren't. I know they're not telling the truth."
Clifford told police he did not drink or take drugs and had never paid for sex. "I know I never forced myself on anybody," he said. "I was never into young girls. I never had to boast about who I knew. I don't respect people who take advantage of their position. It's too easy.
"Lots of very famous people regularly use hookers. I could never do it. Why? It's a personal pride thing."
Clifford was questioned by detectives about the claims of several women that he talked to them about his "small" penis. He said: "I didn't say that. I've never been into self-humiliation. I've never been sadistic."
Clifford told police he had never had to "cajole" women into having sex with him in the 60s, 70s or 80s. "Because it was a different era doesn't mean I had to mislead people to have sex with them," he said. "I had personal pride in myself, ego, call it what you want."
Clifford said an allegation that he abused a 12-year-old girl on holiday in Spain in the early 1980s was "repulsive and totally untrue".
He later told police that he was not a "frustrated young guy" in his earlier life. He said: "My mum and dad had a good sex life. I know because I heard them. I was brought up to think it was fun and natural. I wasn't some grubby little wotsit. I have nothing to hide and I have nothing to be ashamed of."
Clifford listened to the interview extracts from the dock with the aid of a hearing loop.
Clifford, from Hersham in Surrey, is accused of 11 counts of indecent assault against seven women and girls. He denies all the charges.
The trial continues.
Get information on education programs that could help you increase your earning power.
Enlarge By Glenn Hartong, The Enquirer Six year-old Pranav Veera, who has a photographic memory and has tested in the very upper ranges of intelligence, poses with letters spelling his name, at home in Loveland, Ohio. LOVELAND, Ohio  Pranav Veera can recite the names of the U.S. presidents in the order they served in office. He can say the alphabet backward. Give him a date back to 2000, and he'll tell you the day of the week. He's only 6 years old. VIDEO: Pranav knows his numbers IQ: Families' eldest boys do best on tests SCIENCE SNAPSHOT: It doesn't pay to be smart At first glance, Pranav is a typical young boy who is highly competitive at playing Wii video games and likes to play outside. A closer look reveals he's anything but typical. Pranav has an IQ of 176. One person in 1 million has an IQ of 176 or above. Albert Einstein's IQ was believed to be about 160. The average IQ is 100. When Pranav was 4-and-a-half, his parents noticed he seemed unusually intelligent while playing with alphabet sets. He could even recall which letters were certain colors. "That kind of puzzled us," said his father, Prasad Veera. "You have to have not a normal memorization, but some other means of recall." Now, he loves all kinds of alphabets. "He loves to collect them, like different colors, different sizes, different materials," said his mother, Suchitra Veera. The Veeras decided to have Pranav tested three months ago at Powers Educational Services in Hyde Park, Ohio. "I said, 'Let's try it out, because he seems to do a lot of stuff kind of not quite normal for his age,' " his father said. "He tested 176." He seems to have a photographic memory, so keeping Pranav engaged and learning is a big challenge for his family. His mother and grandmother, Shanta Sastri, work with him at home. They're guided by his focus and interests. "The way to get him interested is to associate something with numbers, like presidents' birthdays … and when they came into office," his mother said. "Once we introduced him to the idea, he was asking more and more questions, so we created a spreadsheet for him in Excel, and he keeps on asking us to add more types of information to it, like sort them in the order that they came into office, sort them in the order when they were born," she said. In prekindergarten, his teacher had him do more challenging work, such as division and telling time. In kindergarten, his classmates are learning the alphabet and numbers up to 100. He's counting over 1 million. "He's an amazing child," said Marci Taylor, his teacher at McCormick Elementary in the Milford School District. "He knows so much, yet he's probably more excited about learning than any child I've ever seen. He shakes with excitement." Pranav knows so many incredible things, she said, but what's also impressive is that he's still a 6-year-old boy. "He loves to go play at recess and climb on the monkey bars," Taylor said. It's possible that Pranav might eventually have his learning accelerated, even by skipping grades, but his father said they would have to consider that with his social needs. "We want him to be as normal as possible," his father said. "Right now, it's kind of early, and we can do a lot at home," his mother added. "We have to figure out what works best, because I think it's different for each child."Pranav draws his intelligence from both sides of the family. His father has a Ph.D. and his mother has two master's degrees. What does Pranav want to be when he grows up? "An astronaut," he said without hesitation. Truly, for Pranav, the sky's the limit. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Gov. Andrew Cuomo launched a statewide emergency call-in system today to deal with a burst of racially and religiously-motivated incidents following the incendiary election of Donald Trump to the presidency.
The Democratic governor rolled out the toll-free number—(888) 392-3644—in Rochester this afternoon, and encouraged New Yorkers who think they may have been the victim of a bias crime to ring. Since Trump's shocking victory one week ago on a fiercely anti-immigration platform, spray-painted swastikas have proliferated at college campuses like the New School and the State University of New York at Geneseo, in the ultra-Orthodox Jewish enclave of Crown Heights in Brooklyn and in upstate Wellsville.
That last graffiti attack also featured the note “make America white again,” a reference to the Manhattan developer's “Make America Great Again” campaign slogan.
“There has been an explosion recently in the number of hate crime instances,” said Cuomo, a recipient of Trump's political contributions and a supporter of Hillary Clinton's candidacy. “We want to make a very clear statement in this state: that there is no place for racism, there is no place for hate, there is no place for swastikas, there is no place for racially-inflammatory and divisive rhetoric or acts. This is New York. This is America. We are all immigrants and the way this state and this country works is we are a diverse population.”
Trump seemed to flirt with white supremacists and anti-Semites throughout the campaign, repeatedly sharing their tweets and content on social media. He received the endorsement of famed white supremacist David Duke—which the Queens-born businessman initially refused to disavow—and branches of the Ku Klux Klan, among other hate groups.
But the president-elect called on his supporters to “stop” their acts of violence and vandalism in an interview with 60 Minutes on Sunday. That same day, though, he incited outrage by naming his campaign CEO Stephen Bannon as Chief Strategist and Counselor to the President. Bannon previously ran the site Breitbart, which he advertised as a “platform for the alt-right”—an Internet slang term for loosely confederated anti-Semites, misogynists and rank racists.
“We are people from all difference races, from all difference countries, different religions, but we are one community at the end of the day. Hateful rhetoric or hateful slogans are not just immoral, unethical, not nice, they're also illegal in the state of New York,” Cuomo said. “I understand the political environment out there, and I understand the sentiments that have been raised, but the law is the law. The hate crimes legislation and the hate crimes laws will be enforced.”
Curiously, the day after the election, Cuomo phoned into NY1 to describe how Trump's win would be a “bonus” for New York. Over the weekend, he backpedaled, penning a Facebook post in which he pledged to defend the undocumented immigrants the Republican has targeted for deportation and sexual minorities who may fear having their rights abridged.
Cuomo's chief rival in the New York Democratic Party, Mayor Bill de Blasio, held a roundtable with clergy this afternoon to discuss the outbreak of apparent hate incidents.
Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher of Observer Media.
Honey bees are now fighting back aggressively against Varroa mites, thanks to Agricultural Research Service (ARS) efforts to develop bees with a genetic trait that allows them to more easily find the mites and toss them out of the broodnest.
The parasitic Varroa mite attacks the honey bee, Apis mellifera L., by feeding on its hemolymph, which is the combination of blood and fluid inside a bee. Colonies can be weakened or killed, depending on the severity of the infestation. Most colonies eventually die from varroa infestation if left untreated.
Varroa-sensitive hygiene (VSH) is a genetic trait of the honey bee that allows it to remove mite-infested pupae from the capped brood—developing bees that are sealed inside cells of the comb with a protective layer of wax. The mites are sometimes difficult for the bees to locate, since they attack the bee brood while these developing bees are inside the capped cells.
ARS scientists at the agency's Honey Bee Breeding, Genetics and Physiology Research Unit in Baton Rouge, La., have developed honey bees with high expression of the VSH trait. Honey bees are naturally hygienic, and they often remove diseased brood from their nests. VSH is a specific form of nest cleaning focused on removing varroa-infested pupae. The VSH honey bees are quite aggressive in their pursuit of the mites. The bees gang up, chew and cut through the cap, lift out the infected brood and their mites, and discard them from the broodnest.
This hygiene kills the frail mite offspring, which greatly reduces the lifetime reproductive output of the mother mite. The mother mite may survive the ordeal and try to reproduce in brood again, only to undergo similar treatment by the bees.
To test the varroa resistance of VSH bees, the Baton Rouge team conducted field trials using 40 colonies with varying levels of VSH. Mite population growth was significantly lower in VSH and hybrid colonies than in bee colonies without VSH. Hybrid colonies had half the VSH genes normally found in pure VSH bees, but they still retained significant varroa resistance. Simpler ways for bee breeders to measure VSH behavior in colonies were also developed in this study.
This research was published in the Journal of Apicultural Research and Bee World.
Film on brutal attack on Jyoti Singh broadcast in UK on Wednesday night despite being banned by Indian authorities
The BBC brought forward the transmission of a hard-hitting documentary about the gang rape of a young woman in Delhi following the decision by Indian authorities to ban the film.
India's Daughter had been scheduled for Sunday, International Women's Day, but it aired on Wednesday night on BBC4.
Documentary-maker Leslee Udwin, meanwhile, was reported by India's NDTV channel to have decided to fly out of India due to fears she could be arrested.
The television channel also broadcast what it said was Udwin's last interview before she left India. “I'm very frightened what's going to happen next -- I predict the whole world will point fingers at India now,” Udwin said. “It's a tragedy -- you're shooting yourself in the foot.”
India's Daughter: nearly 300,000 watch BBC's Delhi rape documentary in UK Read more
The BBC said it made the decision to bring forward the airing of India's Daughter following international interest in the programme about the brutal rape in December 2012 of 23-year-old physiotherapy student Jyoti Singh.
BBC4 editor Cassian Harrison said the decision to move the “powerful and compelling” programme was made, “due to the international interest” in it.
“From our perspective, given the strong public interest we feel it's important it gets out”, said Harrison, adding: “it is a shame that the authorities in India don't want it to be shown.”
The BBC has not received any correspondence from the Indian government but said it would be unlikely to be able to ban it in the UK due to it being under a different jurisdiction.
The move was made after Indian authorities banned the domestic broadcast of the film and said they were also trying to prevent it from being shown worldwide.
India's parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu declared: “We can ban the film in India. But this is an international conspiracy to defame India. We will see how the film can be stopped abroad too.”
Reducing rape to a generic Indian male mindset fails its victims Read more
Udwin appealed to Indian prime minister, Narendra Modi, to try and help get the ban overturned and “deal with this unceremonious silencing of the film”.
India's Daughter includes interviews with one of the men convicted of the crime, who is now in prison in Delhi and waiting for the supreme court to hear his appeal against the death sentence.
In it, Mukesh Singh suggests his victim would not have been killed if she had not fought back against her attackers and appears to blame her for not behaving like “a decent girl”.
He says: “When being raped, she shouldn't fight back. She should just be silent and allow the rape. Then they'd have dropped her off after ‘doing her', and only hit the boy.”
Although it has been banned in India, India's Daughter is due to be aired by broadcasters in Denmark, Sweden, Switzerland, Norway and Canada, as well as on BBC4.
Loyola University media professor
palmed his computer mouse and zeroed in on his prey. A role-player in an online game, he aimed the pointer at his opponent, the virtual comic book villain "Syphris." Myers, 55, flicked the buttons on his mouse and magically transported his opponent to the front of a cartoon robot execution squad. In an instant, the squad pulverized the player. Syphris fired an instant message at Myers moments later. "If you kill me one more time I will come and kill you for real and I am not kidding." The chilling text shook Myers two years ago. It served as a telling detail for his ongoing study of social customs in Internet gaming communities. At the time of his clash with Syphris, Myers was just three months into an in-depth behavioral study of the "
" online community. Already, someone had threatened to unearth his real identity and take his life.
As part of his experiment, Myers decided to play the game by the designers' rules -- disregarding any customs set by the players. His character soon became very unpopular. At first, players tried to beat him in the game to make him quit. Myers was too skilled to be run off, however. They then made him an outcast, a World Wide Web pariah that the creator of Syphris -- along with hundreds of other faceless gamers -- detested. The Slidell resident plans to soon publish a book drawn from his experiences with the game. The study's results dismayed Myers, who in 1984 became one of the first university-level professors to study video games. He believes it proved that, even in a 21st century digital fantasyland, an ugly side of real-world human nature pervades, a side that oppresses strangers whose behavior strays from that of the mainstream. In the online realms of "City of Heroes" and "City of Villains," 150,000 or so players from around the world try to defeat computer-controlled comic-book characters, in order to boost their skill ratings and popularity.
Eventually, according to the game's design, the players -- who can choose to play as either heroes or villains -- gain access into an area where they should battle each other. The battles are designed to distinguish the most skilled players. Myers, who bought "City of Heroes" when it hit store shelves in 2004, quickly learned that players ignored the area's stated purpose. Heroes chatted peacefully with villains in the combat zone. Instead of fighting each other, members of the two factions sparred with computer-controlled enemies.. Myers sensed a research opening. He created "Twixt," a scrappy, high-leaping hero decked out in different-colored spandex suits and rocket boots. He took his character to the virtual war zone and set out to simply battle villains. Twixt proved difficult to beat. From a distance, he could transport villains anywhere he wished. He always took them to a cartoon robot firing line that instantly defeated whomever he zoomed before it. During the first few sessions, other players gently informed Twixt that his method of play was unwelcome. But Twixt kept on vanquishing villains. Mobs of villains then ambushed Twixt, hoping to defeat him so often that he would quit. Meanwhile, Twixt's fellow heroes watched without joining the fray. One by one, Twixt coolly picked his opponents off. As play sessions passed, popular villains and heroes stepped up their attempts to change him.
Watch David Myers talk about a death threat he received
"I know (how Twixt plays) is considered 'legal' but this person is getting really out of hand," a user at the game's public message board soon posted. "This guy has got to go." But no one could stay alive long enough to defeat Twixt or drive him to quit. Players turned to verbal abuse, hoping an offended Myers would log off and cancel his subscription. When Twixt celebrated his victories, lobbing messages like "Yay, heroes. Go good team. Vills lose again," in the game's chat box, users like Hunter-Killed responded, "You're a major sh--bird." Another player added, "I hope your mother gets cancer." Yet another wrote, "EVERYONE HATES YOU." Myers was stunned by the reaction, since he obeyed the game's rules. Contrary to some stereotypes, people that play online computer games like "City of Heroes" aren't adolescent misfits. They tend to be what most would consider mainstream adults. Research shows the average gamer is 24 years old. Three out of 10 are women. Most are college students or work in information technology departments. Only 2 percent are unemployed. One study even indicated that developing skill in a "highly distributed, global, hypercompetitive" online gaming community can translate into a successful run as a business CEO. But Myers stirred a different kind of response. Jon Martin, a longtime "City of Heroes" gamer who befriended Twixt off and on, explained, "They didn't like him or how he played, so they figured if there was enough of them, they could stop him and his evil." Twixt eventually asked his fellow heroes why they never came to his aid. A hero named "Cryo Burn" answered with another question: "Who would disrespect them(selves) and their family enough to do that?" "It started to not be fun," said Myers, a video game aficionado. "I became the most hated, most reviled player." Game community leaders only intensified their efforts as Twixt became more entrenched. They turned to out-of-game venues such as message boards to punish him. When Myers took a break from the virtual world and went on vacation for a couple of weeks with his wife and daughters, players noticed his absence. One player started a discussion thread that claimed Myers had been banned from the game because he had called a fellow player a "n----r." Another posting claimed Twixt was a convicted pedophile. Then members of those boards, in another threatening tactic, launched campaigns to discover and publish Myers' real identity and address. Myers reported the abuse to officials at NCSoft, the game's publisher and moderating entity. They acted appropriately, he felt. Players delivering extreme messages tended to do so just once, and Myers assumed it was because the company punished them. Company officials didn't respond to a request for comment. "But the
was so widespread they couldn't completely stop it," Myers said. The company, he noted, had no right to police out-of-game forums. Though he worried that someone would show up at his Loyola office or home in Slidell and harass him or his family, no player ever succeeded in discovering Twixt was Myers. Myers revealed his identity and his character's purpose in "
," an academic paper on his experiment. He published it in 2008 and presented the paper at a video-game conference in Copenhagen, Denmark. Gamer Martin said that while many gamers treated Myers like a pariah, he doubted anyone wanted to hurt him in real life. And he insisted that Internet games like "City of Heroes" actually do "encourage originality," allowing participants to design original costumes and script complex missions. But Myers likened his journey as
to a "bad high school experience," especially the verbal abuse and rumor-mongering. The professor was disturbed that game rules encouraging competition and varied tactics hardly mattered to gaming community members who wanted to preserve a deeply-rooted culture. He said his experience demonstrated that modern-day social groups making use of modern-day technology can revert to "medieval and crude" methods in trying to manipulate and control others. "If you aren't a member of the tribe, you get whacked with a stick," he said. "I look at social groups with dismay."
Ramon Antonio Vargas can be reached at rvargas@timespicayune.com or 504.826.3371.
Editor's Note: A July 7 story about Loyola University Professor David Myers' study of the "City of Heroes/Villains" computer game drew material from a draft version that identified some game names used by individuals playing the game. The names people use while playing the game do not necessarily correspond to actual individuals. In fact, different individuals on different game servers can play under an identical name. The names can also be deleted, then re-used by another player. As a result, the names quoted in the newspaper story in no way identify any real-world individual. All player character names were removed from later versions of Myers' study.
Paul Saab of Facebook said it well at CES.
In fact he nailed it. Drumming up adoption and padding our own shoulders for another country getting above 10% adoption is no longer the top priority. Making sure adoption is paired with implementation quality is essential. Good user experience for IPv6 enabled services is not an option, it is a responsibility. We can no longer deploy IPv6 when convenient and deploy it as if nobody is watching.
If IPv6 is indeed the Plan of Record for IT, then we better deal with it accordingly. The rapidly increasing adoption of IPv6 means our implementations have more and more evaluators, IPv6 is stepping into the light. Even if users have no idea what version of the IP protocol they are using, they will notice changes in the quality of service delivery. Moreover, they already have a well defined set of expectations, they have been using the Internet for some time. A 500ms increase in response time of a web application has negative impact on revenue.
So how do we manage our new found responsibility? How do we get the IPv6 enabled services production ready? To manage them we first must measure them. We need to measure the User Experience for IPv6 enabled services to make sure we deliver the best experience possible, to make sure we maintain that quality over time and yeah, that we do not mess UX for the service already running over IPv4. Then let us not forget about the all important ability to troubleshoot the new infrastructure running in parallel with the old. Those of us who have been in this IPv6 saga for some time know several inevitable truths about IPv6: 1) Showing some success metrics to management is difficult, 2) The hard part is not the network, it is the application and service delivery and 3) Once IPv6 is enabled, any problem that pops up in the environment will have people pointing to IPv6 first. To address all these stressors we need to arm ourselves with the right tools and processes that help us operationalize IPv6.
Let us also not forget that IPv6 roll out does not happen in a vacuum. IPv6 touches every aspect of IT and it is the foundation for all the other major IT transformations: SDN, NFV, Cloud, IOT, etc. So when we look at managing IPv6, we need to think how to manage it along with all the other new control and data planes. This means understanding of interdependencies. This means updating of existing tools. This means integration of data collection platforms and integration of new data sets. Of course, as it is usually the case, we get carried away with the cool new gadgets and management of these gadgets is an afterthought.
We built v6Sonar to help measure the quality of the IPv6 deployment throughout the transition, make sure the User Experience over IPv6 is at least as good as over IPv4, that service uptime is monitored over both protocols and fault domain isolation can be done rapidly for IPv4 and IPv6. Our customers have already collected over 40 million data points and identified many IPv6 issues spanning DNS, Internet connectivity, application support. The more eyes we have on the problem though, the better we will make the IPv6 infrastructure. Join us (www.v6sonar.com) in monitoring this brave new world for our own project as well as for the good of the community.
The residents of the 8800 block of Dinkins Street in eastern New Orleans gathered on their lawns Monday to celebrate the Fourth of July with a block party and fireworks.
But shortly before 8 p.m., the lighthearted mood changed when a motorcycle knocked 3-year-old Asia Williams to the ground and sped away. She died a short time later at a hospital.
Tuesday morning, the only signs of the accident the night before were some skid marks on the street and a memorial of stuffed animals that neighborhood children tacked to a tree in front of Asia's house to remember the happy toddler who had just learned to ride a bike.
Neighbors said that while the accident was shocking, it wasn't entirely unexpected. Cars and motorcycles make a habit of tearing through the area, Roshand Bryant said.
"This is a residential neighborhood," said the mother of six. "Something needs to make this stop."
Asia was standing a few feet into the street in front of her home, watching her neighbors light fireworks, when a pack of motorcycles rumbled around the corner and sped through the middle of the festivities on the street, police and neighbors said.
When the toddler heard the half-dozen motorcyclists roaring toward her and her friends, she poked her head out past a parked car to see where the noise was coming from, said Lt. Melvin Howard, commander of the New Orleans Police Department's traffic division. At that point, a man on a blue and white Suzuki GSX-R1000 motorcycle, a racing-style bike, whizzed by and hit the girl.
"There was a motorcade of motorbikes," said Andre Taylor, who was at the block party. "He clipped the little girl. She spun. Her body spun through the air like a helicopter blade."
Asia landed on the concrete on the opposite side of the street. The petite girl died of head injuries, said John Gagliano, chief investigator for the Orleans Parish coroner's office.
'He kept going'
Some of the bikes stopped, while others kept going. Police and some neighbors said the driver of the bike that hit Asia briefly stopped to see what happened before speeding away. Other neighbors' accounts differed, with some saying he kept going, seemingly oblivious to the commotion.
"He didn't stop at all," said April McGill, 29. "He kept going like he didn't do anything."
Landon Johnson III said the biker stopped to see what happened but took advantage of the chaos that unfolded when neighbors realized what happened.
"Somebody should've stopped him. But they (the neighbors) were in shock. They weren't focused on him," Johnson said, describing a scene in which everyone flocked to Asia once they saw her body fly through the air. "I think he was scared. He just moved back to the motorbike and left."
Neighbors said three of the six motorcycles that powered down the street while popping wheelies and doing circles stopped and waited until police arrived. The man who hit Asia was not one of those who stayed, Howard, of the NOPD, said.
Additionally, investigators could not get any information about the identity of the biker who hit Asia, Howard said.
If the man who hit Asia is caught, he will likely be booked with negligent homicide and felony hit-and-run, Howard said. A charge of vehicular homicide would have to include proof that a motorist was drunk during an accident, something that would likely be impossible at this point, Howard said.
Neighbors' emotions ran high on Tuesday.
"I hope whoever this jerk is turns himself in," McGill said.
Robert Jones, Asia's uncle, said the abrupt loss of his niece and the apparent carelessness of the motorcycle driver left him numb. "I'm not angry or upset. I'm hurt," he said.
"That's a heartless person to not even want to see if she's OK," Jones said.
Johnson said the area's motorcycle riders are a small group and that someone knows something. "A lot of people's ears are going to be open," Johnson said. "Somebody knows him."
'Very happy, very energetic'
Neighbors and family described little Asia as well-known around the neighborhood.
Clara McGill, 28, said her children and Asia played together, often riding bicycles down the sidewalk.
"I was so attached to her," McGill said. "She was so adorable. She was very happy, very energetic. And she was so little.
"She was just beautiful. She had beautiful hair. Her mom kept her up. She did a good job," McGill said.
Jones said his niece was a smart child whose sweet personality endeared her to everyone she met.
"She was beautiful, not only outside but inside," Jones said. "I loved her."
Jones said Asia also had an unintentional sense of humor. Monday she got a bicycle and showed off how she learned to ride it.
"Look, Uncle Homie, I got a bike," she said to Jones, calling him by his nickname.
She pedaled down the sidewalk and stopped only when she hit the back of a car.
"I said, 'You can ride a bike, but you sure can't stop it,'" Jones said with a laugh.
Sleepless nights
On the day the motorcyclist sent Asia airborne and she lay on the street, neighbors sprang into action.
Some ran to the girl's side, her mother a short distance behind as the word traveled to her that her baby was motionless. Taylor said he began to shout for someone to call 911. April McGill said she immediately called for an ambulance.
"They (neighbors) were telling me, calm down," McGill said. "I couldn't calm down.
"I tossed and turned all night. The minute I closed my eyes I saw that baby hit the ground."
Clara McGill said she's now worried about letting her children play in the neighborhood, even under the watch of an adult. "That's my problem. My kids can't even come out and play anymore," she said.
While neighbors lamented the dangerous conditions on their streets, Asia's family planned a funeral.
Jones said the family was trying to keep its loss in perspective.
"This is another steppingstone in life that God has put there for us to cross over," he said while he choked back tears.
********
Anyone with information about the biker who his Asia Williams should call Crimestoppers at 504.822.1111 or 877.903.7867.
Danny Monteverde can be reached at dmonteverde@timespicayune.com or 504.826.3482.
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch listens to a question on the second day of confirmation hearings. (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post)
Confirmation proceedings for Judge Neil Gorsuch got an injection of drama Wednesday when the Supreme Court he hopes to join reversed a decision by the appeals court on which he currently sits. The national media looked at this development and yawned.
Reports on Gorsuch did not make Thursday's front pages of The Washington Post, New York Times, Wall Street Journal or USA Today. Stories that did feature on A1 included a Times dispatch from India about men who dial random phone numbers and attempt to woo the women who answer and a Journal story about the sudden boom of college basketball players named Jalen.
The closest Gorsuch came to page-one coverage by these publications was a small photograph, below the fold, on the front of the Post, teasing an article printed on page 7.
Sorry, your honor. Or should I say, you're welcome?
The best thing for Gorsuch might be to keep a low media profile. In hour after hour of questioning, Senate Democrats have been looking hard for something that will fire up public opposition to the judge; Gorsuch's relegation to the inside pages of major newspapers is a sign that he has not provided it.
As The Post's Ed O'Keefe, Robert Barnes and Ann E. Marimow reported Thursday in a story about Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer's plan to stall a vote via filibuster, “Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee became increasingly frustrated by Gorsuch's bland answers.”
He's bland! That's not an especially compelling rallying cry.
[Senate Democrats' Neil Gorsuch dilemma]
Setting stories about the Jalens and the phonebook Romeos aside, there really is a lot of other news. Just this week, media outlets have rightfully devoted gobs of coverage to a congressional hearing about Russian election meddling, an upcoming vote on health-care reform and a terrorist attack in London. To break through, Gorsuch would have to set off some pretty big fireworks.
The White House might wish that Gorsuch's smooth performance on Capitol Hill garnered more attention. Positive headlines can be hard to come by for President Trump. But flying under the radar probably bodes well for Trump's nominee.
Brian Garrett-Glaser is an intern in the Center for Preventive Action at the Council on Foreign Relations.
Tunisia's transition to inclusive democracy is not a fait accompli. Despite holding successful 2014 elections and recently receiving a “free” rating for political rights and civil liberties from Freedom House, the small North African nation is struggling with significant economic and security challenges as well as eroding popular support for democratic reforms. The Jasmine Revolution, which ousted Tunisian dictator Zine El Abidine Ben Ali in early 2011 and sparked a wave of protests across the Middle East, was as much a call for better economic conditions and stability as democracy and human rights. Yet, absent the expansion of economic opportunities and improved security, democratic reforms in Tunisia will not satiate the previous demands for change.
On March 5, the United States announced a number of laudable economic partnership programs to assist with Tunisia's reforms. U.S. secretary of commerce Penny Pritzker said that it is “in the United States' strategic interest” to see Tunisia's government succeed—and she is spot-on for multiple reasons. Tunisia is a relative island of stability in a chaotic region, and the outcome of its democratic transition—as well as the role played by the United States throughout—will have a significant impact on regional and global security, U.S.-led efforts to counter violent extremism, and perceived credibility of U.S. actions in the Middle East.
Coinciding with this announcement, Pritzker led a delegation to Tunisia to encourage the government to enact much-needed economic reforms. But there is more to be done. The Obama administration's FY2015 budget request placed Tunisia as the ninth largest recipient of bilateral aid in the region—the same level of aid given in 2010 prior to the revolution. In the long run, economic partnerships between the two nations will likely have a broader impact than solely supporting Tunisia's economy.
Beyond providing aid, the United States has a role to play in ensuring Tunisia's transition to democracy, given that a stable Tunisia could strengthen U.S. security interests abroad, support efforts to counter violent extremism, and serve as a model of good governance based on both democracy and Islam. Thus far, U.S. policy in reaction to the Arab Spring has negatively impacted its image and perceptions of its commitment to democracy throughout the Middle East. A 2014 poll conducted by the Arab American Institute concluded that Arabs judge the Obama Administration as least effective in “improving relations with the Arab/Muslim Worlds,” resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and “dealing with transformations brought on by the ‘Arab Spring.'” The poll also found that there was a “sharp decline in confidence that the United States is committed to democracy across the Middle East” between 2010 and 2014.
Source: “Five Years After The Cairo Speech: How Arabs View President Obama and America,” Zogby Research Services, LLC, June 2014, p 16.
Moreover, snapshots of public opinion demonstrate Tunisians' declining interest in democracy and a burgeoning readiness to accept improvements in economic opportunity and stability from a strongman at the cost of democratic institutions and respect for human rights. A 2014 Pew poll found that 40 percent of Tunisians preferred good democracy over a strong economy in 2012 and just 25 percent felt the same in 2014. The poll also asked if they should rely on a “democratic form of government” or a “leader with a strong hand” to solve their country's problems. In 2012, 61 percent answered a democratic form and only 37 percent a leader with a strong hand; by 2014, these numbers had flipped, with 59 percent calling for a leader with a strong hand and only 38 percent preferring a democratic form of government. A loss of interest in pursuing a transition to democracy could have negative implications for U.S. political and security interests in the region.
If Tunisia does backslide to authoritarianism, similar to the path Egypt has taken, then the United States will suffer a blow to its security interests abroad and at home. As Mara Revkin argued in a 2014 Foreign Affairs article, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's rise to power proved to be a major victory for al-Qaeda. When the Egyptian military outlawed the Muslim Brotherhood and violently suppressed all forms of protest, al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri attributed the group's failure to its abandonment of violence in favor of political participation and subsequently called for jihad against the Egyptian state. Since President Mohamed Morsi's ouster in July 2013, there has been a sharp uptick in terrorism within Egypt's borders—especially in the troubled Sinai Peninsula, which is now claimed by Ansar Beit al-Maqdis, a group that has recently pledged allegiance the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). Sisi may be a strong military ally in the “War on Terror,” but his policy of blanket repression toward Islamists is counterproductive. A democratic Tunisia, on the other hand, could prove an ideological counterweight to help neutralize extremism through inclusive politics and the promotion of moderate Islam.
Tunisia's budding democracy provides an opportunity to dispel skepticism surrounding the role of Islam in a participatory government. The 2014 Tunisian constitution—ratified with the support of over 90 percent of the legislature—has been praised by many observers as one of the most progressive in the Muslim world. Nidaa Tounes, the largest secular party, rejects the ultra-secularist French concept of laïcité, and al-Nahda, Tunisia's dominant Islamist voice, does not support using the law to impose religion. The same Pew poll mentioned earlier found that Tunisians who pray five times per day are more likely to think democracy is preferable to other forms of government. Tunisian attitudes toward democracy and Islam prove that the two are not incompatible, and it is in the United States' strategic interest for this realization to spread throughout the region.
As the United States assists Tunisia in building a robust economy, it is seizing an opportunity to strengthen voices of a more moderate Islam, build trust with new governments, and rehabilitate the U.S. image in the region. There is no doubt that U.S. resources in the Middle East are stretched thin, but the Obama administration's emphasis on Tunisia will prove to be a smart long-term strategic investment, with the potential for vast benefits for security, democratization, and efforts to counter violent extremism.
In part one of the top ten gold rushes of BC we covered the early gold rushes primarily in the Southern regions. As time went on gold hungry adventurers pushed further in the wild North of the Canadian West coast. Their adventurous spirit was rewarded greatly and eventually led them into the Yukon and Alaska.
1865 Big Bend Gold Rush
The Big Bend refers to the shape of the Columbia River as it makes a huge detour at the continental divide. This region encompasses several different mountain ranges including the Selkirks, the Cariboo Mountains, the Monashees and the Rocky Mountains. In 1865 gold was discovered on French Creek which is straight North of Revelstoke. As in other gold rushes a town was quickly erected named French Creek City. Within the first year the town reached a population of over 4000 people. Nothing is left today but during the rush French Creek had a general store, saloons with cabaret shows, barber shops and of course brothels. Other important towns of the rush were La Porte and Downie Creek. The inhabitants came mostly from the Wild Horse area and other areas in BC.
Steamboats were a major factor during the big bend gold rush. Many of the prospectors reached the area on steamboats via the Arrow Lakes which make up part of the Columbia River. The lake network allowed boat passengers to travel from areas as far South as the US border.
Other notable creeks in the area are Carnes Creek, Downie Creek, McCullough Creek, and the Goldstream River. A 14 ounce nugget was reported to be found on French Creek and numerous smaller nuggets were also found. In 1865 miners were bringing out multiple ounces per day to the man on some claims. On McCullough Creek pay streaks averaged 1/8 of an ounce per yard for many years. Just like other places in the late 1800s hydraulic and drift mining driven by mining companies and syndicates quickly replaced hand mining techniques. The big bend gold rush only lasted two years but mining in the area continues to this day. Several large projects and proposed mines are located in the big bend.
1869 Omineca Gold Rush
The Omineca is a huge region in Nortn-Central BC. The southern boundary is marked today by the Yellowhead highway the North boundary is the Liard Mountains. Gold was first discovered in the Omineca in 1861 but the rush didn't take place until eight years later. The original discoveries were made on the Finlay River. In the early days there were very few people in the area due to a complete lack of trails, roads or maps and unforgiving terrain and weather. Much of the area is still wild today.
One of the first claims on the Finlay called Toy's Bar produced 4 ounces to the man each day. Several expeditions were launched though the area searching for gold. One such party, the Peace River Prospecting Party, found a great discovery on Vital Creek in 1869. The creek was named after one of the party members, Vital Laforce who was also instrumental in exploring the Cariboo region. Vital Creek produced nearly 5000 ounces in the years following the rush.
Manson Creek and the Germansen River held the best gold deposits in the Omineca. Gold discoveries were also made on Blackjack Creek, Kildare Creek, Mosquito Creek, Slate Creek and Nugget Gulch. In the early days of the gold rush anything less than an ounce a day was considered unworthy. Many creeks were paying 100 ounces per week. If the gold rush happened today that would be well over $100,000 every week. I'd be finding my way up there any any means possible. Travelling to the Omineca in the 1800s was a feat in itself.
The discovery of gold in the Cassiar in 1873 spelled the end of the Omineca gold rush. As with all gold rushes those who held good ground stayed and kept mining while everyone else headed on to the next boom town. The Omineca is one of the least explored regions in BC today and there are still gold strikes waiting to be found.
1873 Cassiar Gold Rush
Gold was discovered on the Stikine River in 1861 and a minor rush developed. A few hundred prospectors ascended the river in search of gold. There was an existing fur trading fort at the mouth of the river called Fort Stikine which later became Wrangell, Alaska. Not enough gold was found to entice more adventurers to the region but the excitement was enough to prompt Britain into claiming the region as a colony in 1862.
The Cassiar gold rush really took off once the high grade gold deposits in the extreme North of BC were discovered. This part of the country is extremely rugged with huge mountains, glaciers and a very cold winter. The discovery was made in the summer of 1872 by Henry Thibert and Angus McCulloch on a creek that drains into Dease Lake. The creek was named after Thibert who froze to death the following winter. Thibert Creek was very rich, in the first year miners were getting up to three ounces to the pan.
In 1874 an even bigger discovery was made further North on Mcdame Creek. The largest gold nugget ever found in BC was taken from Mcdame Creek tipping the scale at 73 ounces! Another giant nugget was found on Alice Shea Creek that weighed 52 ounces.
Several towns sprung up near the gold discoveries such as Laketon, Porter Landing and Centerville. They are all ghost towns now but in the height of the rush thousands of people were passing through the shops and saloons of the Cassiar. Like the Omineca much of this region is just as wild today as it was 150 years ago.
The Cassiar's rich gold reserves have not been forgotten. There are many large mining projects under way in the region. Due to the high grade mineral deposits the area is known as BC's “Golden Triange”.
1885 Granite Creek Gold Rush
Granite Creek is a tributary to the Tulameen River. In the gold rush era of the late 1800s the Tulameen was still a remote and wild area. Like many of the best discoveries the Granite Creek gold was found by chance. In this case it was actually found by a cowboy named Johnny Chance. In the summer of 1885 Chance was delivering some horses to New Westminster and took a route through the Tulameen. True to his lazy nature he took a nap at a spot on Granite Creek on a hot day. When he woke up he happened to notice the reflection of some gold nuggets in the water.
Within a year of the discovery the once vacant valley at the mouth of Granite Creek had over 2000 people living there. At the time Granite City was the third largest town in BC. There were over two hundred buildings, 13 of which were saloons. The town never had a school or a mayor though. The bars in Granite ran flat out and never closed down. It was known as one of the wildest towns in the West.
In the early days gold nuggets weighing 5-10 ounces were commonly found. Platinum was also prevalent on the creek. Miners were producing equal weights of platinum and gold. Interestingly for the first few years the Granite Creek miners had no idea what platinum was and most of them threw it back into the creek. At today's prices gold is going for $1077/oz and platinum is at $870/oz.
The Granite Creek rush brought attention to the surrounding area as well. Other notable creeks in the Tulameen are Slate Creek, Lawless Creek, Lockie Creek and the Tulameen River. Gold and platinum are still being produced today. I heard from a Princeton local that the biggest nuggets to come out of the Tulameen this year were over an ounce. I have some claims on Granite Creek and the Tulameen River myself. Check this post from earlier this year Tulameen Prospecting Trip.
By the end of the 1890s the population of Granite City began to decline. The easy gold was all claimed and in the process of being mined. Those that didn't already hold good ground headed North to try their luck in the Atlin and Klondike gold rushes that followed.
1898 Atlin Gold Rush
The Atlin gold rush was the last one to take place in BC. It was a direct offshoot of the Klondike gold rush that took the world by storm. The Klondike was the mother of all gold rushes, over 100,000 adventurers poured into Dawson City, YK from all over the world. Some of the adventurous prospectors took a different route and ended up in Atlin.
The first big discovery was on Pine Creek. A town was set up on Pine Creek aptly named Discovery. At it's peak there were over 10,000 people living in Discovery which was rivalled only by the infamous Dawson City. Discovery had all the excitement of Dawson. There were saloons, brothels, and gambling available at all hours of the day. Discovery is a ghost town today, it was replaced by the town of Atlin.
The gold that was found in the Atlin area was truly legendary. It is estimated that over 1.5 million ounces of placer gold have been produced from the creeks. Some giant nuggets were found too. Several creeks are known to have produced nuggets in excess of 50 ounces! The best placer gold creeks were Pine Creek, Spruce Creek, Ruby Creek, McKee Creek, Birch Creek, Boulder Creek, Otter (Surprise) Creek, and the McDonnel River.
Atlin is a beautiful town, I had the pleasure of working up there a few years ago. In the early 1900s it was nicknamed the “Switzerland of the North” due to the picturesque mountain setting. In many ways Atlin is like Dawson City's little brother. The music festival is smaller, the gold rush was smaller, less gold was produced but the Klondike is nowhere near as scenic.
Gold mining in Atlin has never stopped. Every time the gold price spikes the area receives another mini gold rush. There are a lot of large hard rock mining prospects in the area as well. The region is not far from the golden triangle and benefits from similar underlying geology. Due to its remote location the area is very underexplored and has outstanding potential for exploration.
The BC gold rush period lasted just 50 years. Many of the participants experienced more than one rush in their lifetime. It would have been an amazing time to be a prospector. Here's a recap of the top ten BC gold rushes:
1851 Haida Gwaii Gold Rush
1858 Fraser River Gold Rush
1858 Rock Creek Gold Rush
1859 Cariboo Gold Rush
1863 Wild Horse River Gold Rush
1864 Leech River Gold Rush
1865 Big Bend Gold Rush
1873 Cassiar Gold Rush
1885 Granite Creek Gold Rush
1898 Atlin Gold Rush
The history of British Columbia is the history of gold and the men who hunt for it. It was the Fraser River gold rush that led to BC becoming a colony and later a province. Our towns, overland trails and roads, and much of the early infrastructure was built to support gold mining activity. Without our lust for precious metal men would not have risked their lives to explore the rugged and unforgiving wilderness of this beautiful province.
Abhishek G Bhaya
Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani, while making an impassioned speech during the Lok Sabha debate on JNU row and Rohith Vemula suicide case on Wednesday, made an intriguing reference to Goddess Durga and Mahishasura.
However, in invoking Hindu mythology to prove a point on ‘anti-national' activity, she confirmed precisely what the BJP government is being accused of – 1) Majoritarianism 2) Intolerance and 3) Muzzling dissent.
Here's what happened…
To bolster her government's case against ‘anti-national' activities on the JNU campus, Ms Irani cited how pamphlets for an event to mark ‘Mahishasura Martyrdom's Day' were circulated in the university and that the notice bore the name of, among others, JNUSU president Kanhaiya Kumar who is facing sedition charges.
To elaborate on the matter, Ms Irani went on to quote from a 2014 statement allegedly by some SC, ST and minority students of JNU:
“Durga Puja is the most controversial racial festival, where a fair-skinned beautiful goddess Durga is depicted brutally killing a dark-skinned native called Mahishasur. Mahishasur, a brave self-respecting leader, tricked into marriage by Aryans. They hired a sex worker called Durga, who enticed Mahishasur into marriage and killed him after nine nights of honeymooning during sleep.”
A visibly outraged Ms Irani then roared: “Freedom of speech, ladies and gentlemen. Who wants to have this discussion on the streets of Kolkata? I want to know. Will [Congress Vice President] Rahul Gandhi stand for this freedom? I want to know… What is this depraved mentality? I have no answers for it.”
She also dared the Trinamool Congress on the subject. “I miss today [Trinamool MPs] Sugata Bose and Saugata Roy in the House – champions of free speech, because I want to know if they will discuss this particular topic… on the streets of Kolkata. I dare them this.”
Accusing the Communists of using students as weapons against state, she asserted that anti-national slogans cannot be allowed under the garb of freedom of speech.
‘Descendants of Mahishasur'
It is not clear if Rahul Gandhi or the Trinamool and Communist leaders will take up Ms Irani's challenge, but let me make an attempt to put things in perspective.
According to popular Hindu mythology, Mahishasura was a demon king who posed a major challenge to the Devas (gods). Armed with a boon from Brahma that no man will be able to kill him, Mahishasura considered himself immortal. He waged a war against the Devas and defeated their king Indra.
Humiliated and frightened, the Devas approached the trinity of Shiva, Brahma and Vishnu requesting help. Goddess Durga manifested from the combined tejas (aura) of the trinity and the Devas. Durga eventually led a battle against Mahishasura and slayed him, fulfilling the prophecy that the demon king would meet his death only at the hands of a woman.
This is the Hindu majoritarian view and the day of Mahishasura's death is marked as the festival of Vijaya Dashami or Dussehra across India.
But there is a small tribal adivasi community in the Santhal region of Jharkhand, West Bengal and parts of Orissa, who have traditionally held a contrarian view about the Durga-Mahishasur mythology.
The Asur tribe, named so due to their belief that they are the descendants of Mahishasura, offer a different narrative.
They believe Mahishasura to be a strong but benevolent king. He would never lift arms against a woman. So the Devas used a woman, Durga, to plot Mahishasur's assassination. When the whole of India celebrates Vijaya Dashami – the day that marks the slaying of two Asura kings: Mahishasura by Durga as well as Ravana by Lord Rama, members of the Asur tribe mourn the death of their ancestors.
Read this and this.
Contrarian view isn't anti-national
So the concept of ‘Mahishasur Martyrdom Day' is nothing new and certainly not alarming or ‘anti-national' as Ms Irani would have us believe.
What has happened is that this contrarian narrative, in recent years, has gained traction with other Dalit and minority communities, who want to use the occasion as a symbolic protest against the majoritarian view. Can hosting such an event be considered anti-national?
Lately, some studies have equated the mythological tale with a battle between Aryans (Devas) and natives (Asuras). In these narratives Devas or Aryans are painted negative and therefore Durga, as the agent of Aryans, is also described in shades of grey. Do we really need to get worked up about this?
Look at the danger of the argument forwarded by Smriti Irani. Will she and her party now declare the entire adivasi tribe of Asur as anti-national?
Even Ravana is worshipped
India has had a tradition of accepting all kind of divergent views and providing adequate room for different narratives to exist, even if it is held by a handful of people.
Does Ms Irani know that there are several temples in India, where Ravana is worshipped? Will the ruling party, that swears by the name of Lord Rama, declare Kanyakubj Brahmins as anti-nationals too for they worship Ravana every Dussehra and a special festivity is organised in Vidisha, Madhya Pradesh?
Read this and this.
I am not even getting into Zoroastrian sacred texts Avesta, where the entire dynamics of Deva (Daeva) and Asura (Ahura) are inverted. Ahuras epitomize the good while Daevas denote evil. That may render the entire Parsi community as anti-nationals, if Ms Irani's logic is applied.
The HRD Minister's diatribe against ‘Mahishasur Martyrdom Day' as an anti-national idea is on predictable lines of the intolerant right-wing ideologue. It's a warning that only the predominant or the majoritarian view that have the approval of RSS and its front organization would be accepted. Any divergence or dissent and you could be marked as anti-national.
(The author is a Gulf-based journalist with a keen interest in Indian politics)
Thanks to a quick response from the Saskatoon Police Air Support Unit, a handful of garden ornaments including a dinosaur, were returned to The Berry Barn this week.
On Thursday night while working out in the greenhouse, Berry Barn employee Denae Burke noticed a couple of guests walking away with merchandise without paying. She wrote down a vehicle description and a license plate number before phoning police at around 7 p.m. CST.
A quick search of Valley Rd by <a href="https://twitter.com/SPSAir1">@SPSAir1</a> lands 4 in jail. Nobody steals from <a href="https://twitter.com/TheBerryBarnYXE">@TheBerryBarnYXE</a>! We love it there. <a href="https://t.co/ceN6vHCOZF">pic.twitter.com/ceN6vHCOZF</a> —@SPSAir1 Thanks to help from the Saskatoon Police plane, the thieves were caught shortly after on Valley Road and four people were arrested. The SPS Air Support Unit Twitter account posted a message warning people not to steal from The Berry Barn.
Co-owner of The Berry Barn Grant Erlandson said the dinosaur, pig and angel ornaments were back on display around 10 p.m. CST., and he's almost speechless about the police's effort to nab the thieves.
"If it would've been me I probably would not have phoned the police, I would have just said this is the price of doing business," Erlandson said. "Denae, our girl looking after the greenhouse, all the credit goes to her because she took it in her own hands to phone the police and then come and talk to us and it's just been a great experience having the police the way they took care of things."
In all his years owning and running the Berry Barn he can't recall anyone trying to take off with garden ornaments before. He said crime usually doesn't reach to his business too often.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Environmental Protection Agency on Tuesday rejected a contention by scientists that the historic rainfall from Tropical Storm Harvey was linked to climate change, calling it “an attempt to politicize an ongoing tragedy.”
People evacuate by boat from the Hurricane Harvey floodwaters in Houston, Texas August 29, 2017. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
Several scientists have said that factors related to global warming have contributed to increased rainfall from storms like Harvey, which struck the Texas coast as a major hurricane on Friday and has since triggered catastrophic flooding in Houston, killing at least 12 people and forcing tens of thousands from their homes.
“EPA is focused on the safety of those affected by Hurricane Harvey and providing emergency response support - not engaging in attempts to politicize an ongoing tragedy,” said EPA spokeswoman Liz Bowman, responding to a question about comments from the climate scientists.
A White House official said: “Right now, the top priority of the federal government as we work together to support state and local authorities in Texas and Louisiana is protecting the life and safety of those in impacted areas.”
President Donald Trump has repeatedly expressed doubts about climate change and has announced he will pull out of a global pact to combat it. On Aug. 15, days before the Texas storm, he signed an executive order revoking an Obama-era rule requiring projects built in coastal floodplains that receive federal aid to account for the impacts of sea-level rise.
Climate scientists have said that coastal areas, which have seen a surge in population growth, can expect to grapple with more severe flooding as global temperatures rise.
“There is universal agreement” that global warming will boost rainfall during hurricanes because warmer air holds more moisture, increasing the risk of severe floods, said Kerry Emanuel, atmospheric science professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
“If you look at long-term effects of hurricanes on society, the impacts are more about water than wind,” he said. “Harvey is an example of how vulnerable modern society is to rainstorms as the climate warms. It's solid physics,” he said.
Emanuel and other scientists were careful to say that storms like Harvey were not caused directly by climate change.
“To sum things up: Storm Harvey was not caused by climate change, yet its impacts – the storm surge, and especially the extreme rainfall – very likely worsened due to human-caused global warming,” said Stefan Rahmstorf at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research.
Arguably the most exclusive culinary society in the world, Club des Chefs (CCC) is an elite club of chefs who cook for presidents, prime ministers, kings and queens. The club meets every year to compare recipes and learn culinary traditions from each other. This year, for the very first time, India hosted the annual meeting of this club, whose members quietly create magic in the most powerful kitchens of the world.
The culinary diplomat who organised the “G20 of Gastronomy” in India is Chef Montu Saini, the man who cooks for the President of India. Not only is he the youngest ever executive chef to the President, he is also the youngest member of the Club des Chefs!
It was in June 2015 that 34-year-old Montu Saini joined his post as the executive chef at Rashtrapati Bhawan. Aware of the significance of CCC, he was keen on bringing it to Indian and immediately wrote a letter to Gilles Bragard (the founder of CCC) inviting him to our country.
“India has been a member of this club for three decades and never once had it hosted the general assembly, ” he said, revealing how he put fellow club members on a guilt trip over depriving India an opportunity to host their signature event. “I was delighted when Bragard accepted the invitation. For me, it was an opportunity to showcase India's culinary wealth and use food as a bridge between cultures and societies. However, it did take some running around to arrange, from getting the permission from the higher authorities to collaborating with the Ministry of Tourism to arrange the stay of the visiting chefs. Finally, after months of planning, the event was successfully held in October this year.”
Between October 23 to 28, the Rashtrapati Bhavan rolled out the red carpet for chefs who cook for the world's most powerful people, including Cristeta Pasia Comerford, (the Obamas' Executive chef at the White House), Mark Flanagan (the head chef at Buckingham Palace), Neil Dhawan (the head chef to the Canadian PM) and the chefs of the French, German, Irish, and Chinese heads of states among others. Five of these chefs, including Montu Saini, also cooked for a charity dinner supporting Kailash Satyarthi Children's Foundation that was held at Delhi's Imperial Hotel.
Bragard and other chefs of the club also visited the Rashtrapati Bhawan kitchen, where they relished popular Indian street foods like golgappas and aloo tikkis, cooked up by Chef Saini. They also tried their hands at making jalebis. As Chef Saini says
“This event was essentially about exchange of culinary skills. Yesterday, the chefs cooked in my kitchen, and next year, I will probably cook in their kitchens. Since the event showcases India's culinary expertise to the rest of the world, I would also like to connect it to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ‘Make in India' initiative.”
At a press conference hosted by The Imperial during the event, CCC founder Giles Bragard had also echoed Chef Saini's thoughts, saying,
“If politics divides people, a good table always gathers them. Chefs are great diplomats and good food helps in easing negotiations.”
After a four-day stay in Delhi, during which they explored Khari Baoli (the famous spice market of Chandni Chowk), the chefs visited Agra to see the iconic Taj Mahal, followed by a trip to Jaipur. The club members were received by President Mukherjee for high tea and also had a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Delighted by the cultural experiences and sumptuous repasts they had been treated to throughout the event, Chef Christian Garcia (Chef to Prince Albert II of Monaco, and President of CCC), had said that all the chefs were looking forward to becoming “ambassadors of Indian gastronomy” after this visit. For Chef Montu Saini, this was the culmination of all his efforts and a dream come true. He says,
“When they sent me mail mentioning that this was the best annual meet the CCC had ever had, I was over the moon! I felt that I had finally served my country in some way.”
Born in a small village in Haryana, Chef Montu Saini trained at the Institute of Hotel Management in Bengaluru and worked briefly at Pizza Hut and with the Oberoi group. He then joined the India Tourism Development Corporation's Ashok hotel in Delhi, where he worked at the hotel's coffee shop and multi-cuisine restaurant for eight years before securing the prestigious position of the executive chef to the President of India.
” I was working as a sous-chef at ITDC Ashok when I saw a newspaper advertisement for the post. I applied and was selected after a series of interviews, followed by the trade tests in which I had to showcase my culinary proficiency”, explained Chef Saini, speaking to TBI in an exclusive interview.
The power chef has also won two prestigious awards, including the Federation of Hotel & Restaurant Association of India (FHRAI) ‘Young Hotel Chef' and the Indian Culinary Forum (ICF) ‘Master Chef'. He also holds five culinary degrees, has represented India on various international platforms and is currently pursuing a PhD in tourism studies.
Asked about how different working at Rashtrapati Bhawan is from hotel kitchens, Chef Saini says that while commercial concerns are paramount in hotel kitchens, cooking for the President and his high-profile guests is very different experience.
“Here, I am representing my country. This leaves no scope for mistakes. Any mistake in this job can create a much bigger problem than it would in a hotel. Just sorry won't be enough. Being the President's chef is all about zero-error work, efficient management, superior quality and best in class service. Other these operational differences, there's not much change. Ultimately, putting out delicious food is what is paramount in both jobs.”
As the executice chef, Chef Saini works with a team of 40 chefs in a kitchen that is divided into different sections for different specialities. While there is big section for state banquets, there is a separate small section for the President and his family. There is also a separate section for bakery and confectionary as well as a halwai section. To prepare the dishes from multiple cuisines for multiple events, Che Saini and his team work for almost 15-16 hours a day. A man who believes in keeping himself fit, Chef Saini's typical day at work starts with a walk, tennis or a few hours at the gym. The first thing he does when he enters the Rashtrapati Bhawan's kitchen is to get a brief on the events to be held that day.Next, he allocates, responsibilities to his teams such as checking the cold storage for supplies, procuring new supplies, designing menus, explaining techniques in detail and ensuring that all the necessary equipment is in order. If there is a manpower crunch, he also pitches in with the cooking He also organizes culinary classes for everybody who works on the President's estate and takes lectures at the Dr. Rajendra Prasad Sarvodaya Vidyalaya school on the President's estate. When he is not in the kitchen or completing the paperwork in his office, Chef Saini spends time doing what he loves most – experimenting with ingredients and creating new dishes. Also Read: India's Littlest Chef Bowls Over Facebook With His Mango Ice Cream Tutorial, Gets Paid $2000 However, its always traditional Indian cuisine that is served during diplomatic dinners and high teas hosted at the Rashtrapati Bhawan for the Head of States. “Serving Indian food rather than serving food of the guest country is an effort to highlight the rich diversity and of Indian food. Personally too, I have always found by inspiration in Indian food. So, I make sure that the guests get to taste delicacies from different parts of India. For example, Aung San Suu Kyi, who recently stayed at the Rashtrapati Bhawan, ordered puri bhaji, kachori and masala dosa. Besides, the taste of the food depends on the ingredients on it. I can't make a French onion soup with Indian onions. It won't taste the same! “, says the passionate chef, who is a firm believer in the fact that it is futile to copy exotic recipes using traditional ingredients. Though the variety of food depends upon the event and occasion, most of it is made using the fresh fruits, vegetables and herbs sourced from the daali khaana or the vegetable garden in the President's Estate. The two cuisines that dominate the kitchen are Awadhi – Chef Saini's two signature dishes, Sabz Baoli Handi and Murgh Darbari, are a part of this cuisine – and Bengali, the President Pranab Mukherjee's favourite cuisine. Always diligent towards his duty, Chef Saini is tight-lipped about the President's favourite dishes. However, he divulges that the President loves Bengali food of any variety, which is why Bengali delicacies are prepared pretty often at the Rashtrapati Bhawan. “The President is quite adventurous about food and likes trying everything, be it north Indian, south Indian or Continental food”, says Chef Saini, who tastes every meal before it reaches the President's table. Asked about the biggest state banquet he had organized to date, Chef Saini says that it was the one held during Indo-Africa summit – it had 400 sit-down guests and 54 heads of state dining together! For this huge task, Chef Saini constructed seven separate kitchens. He also designed a special traditional thali menu for the occasion – the first time it had been created for such a large gathering of guests. French strategist Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord once told Napoleon Bonaparte, “Give me a good chef and I shall give you good treaties.” This holds true for Chef Montu Saini, a simple man who puts his heart and soul into his important job. No less than a culinary ambassador of India, the talented chef signs of by saying, “For me, being the President of India's chef is an incredible honour and an opportunity to serve my nation through my craft. Till the end of my tenure, I will continue serving to the best of my ability.”
Also Read: The Impressive History of the Oldest Indian Restaurant in London That Just Received a Michelin Star
What Happened During Kel Mitchell's Disastrous SNL Audition By Jessica Rawden Random Article Blend Saturday Night Live lately, thanks to the All That and in Good Burger, spoke out about his disastrous SNL audition during a Reddit Ask Me Anything session.
In the session, he explains the first sketch he did as part of his audition. Apparently,
I did like, I think it's hilarious now thinking about it, but now doing standup and being good at it now, i realize now what I did was not good. But basically I did this joke about DMX - if DMX was in Toy Story. It was so bad, it was good, to me. And I remember Tina Fey was there, and I remember afterwards she was like "Good job!" but I think it was a little too crazy for SNL.
The weirdness doesn't end at DMX. Mitchell also mentions that he had another out- there sketch that was part of his audition, involving Michael Jackson and a dancing bit.
I did a song about Michael Jackson if he was allergic to trees! Because, you know, he used to love to sit in trees, if you saw that classic interview that he had, and I thought it would be funny if he was allergic to trees and he's sitting in one sneezing! So I remember I'm starting dancing, I think my energy was so crazy, I did like a moonwalk move and actually stepped on one of the tables right in front of the stage, and flipped the table with someone's drink on it over, it was a MESS!
If you know the story behind the Saturday Night Live audition, you should already know that both Kel Mitchell and SNL in 2003, and has shown up on the show Wild Grinders. In fact, the actor also mentions in his AMA that he has plans to return to Nickelodeon for a new project, soon.
Clearly Kel and Saturday Night Live weren't on the same page during his audition, but the man still seems to appreciate the experience. He also does not seem to have any hard feelings over how things played out. But I like his story the most because it helps to demonstrate some of the over-the-top comedy the writers and Lorne Michaels see on a yearly basis when looking for new talent. Some of these over-the-top comedians thrive while others don't, but it's still interesting to see how it all comes together.
You can read more from Kel Mitchell's AMA over at There's been a lot of talk regardinglately, thanks to the SNL 40 special. A lot of people have tried out for the late night sketch series over the years, and recently former Nickelodeon star Kel Mitchell, who is most known for stints onand in, spoke out about his disastrousaudition during a Reddit Ask Me Anything session.In the session, he explains the first sketch he did as part of his audition. Apparently, Tina Fey was on hand for his disastrous audition, and Kel knew from her response that his bit was probably a little weird.The weirdness doesn't end at DMX. Mitchell also mentions that he had another out- there sketch that was part of his audition, involving Michael Jackson and a dancing bit.If you know the story behind theaudition, you should already know that both Kel Mitchell and Kenan Thompson ended up auditioning for NBC's weekend series. Kenan Thompson was hired to joinin 2003, and has shown up on the show ever since , while Kel Mitchell's audition didn't go so hot. The actor still seems pretty positive about the experience, however, even if it didn't turn out in his favor. In the time since, he has kept up with acting through projects like the animated series. In fact, the actor also mentions in his AMA that he has plans to return to Nickelodeon for a new project, soon.Clearly Kel andweren't on the same page during his audition, but the man still seems to appreciate the experience. He also does not seem to have any hard feelings over how things played out. But I like his story the most because it helps to demonstrate some of the over-the-top comedy the writers and Lorne Michaels see on a yearly basis when looking for new talent. Some of these over-the-top comedians thrive while others don't, but it's still interesting to see how it all comes together.You can read more from Kel Mitchell's AMA over at Reddit Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
8 Things You Need to Know About Smallville Season 4
In my previous post I talked about Season Three of Smallville maturing a little. Season Four is all grown up.
Continuing my journey through Smallville, I believe I've come to the show's peak, Season Four. It's a season that is comfortable with itself, isn't afraid to have a little fun, and is finally good enough to set up an emotional moment and ensure it delivers.
1. Martha Kent is the Most Important Thing in Smallville
I know Lois is hot, but a story doesn't work unless you care about the characters and Annette O'Toole (Martha Kent) is the emotional center of the series. If there's a touching scene in Smallville that works, O'Toole is usually part of it.
There's an openness and warmth to her face, her expressions, her voice. It's easy to feel for her, and O'Toole utilizes her gifts to earn our empathy. Like the scene at the beginning of the season where Jonathan is in hospital and the doctors want to turn off his life support. Martha refuses. When Jonathan wakes up, she tells Clark and Jonathan that, “My Father used to say, ‘life asks of you what he thinks you can handle,'” and that she held on because she knew they would all be together again. It's not just a great speech, it works because O'Toole is the best one to sell the weight of what family means.
Later, there's an episode where Lionel Luther and Clark switch bodies and Clark (from inside Lionel) must convince Martha that he is actually Clark. He tells her a story:
Remember when I was six and I was playing tag with Dad. And all of a sudden I started running faster than I'd ever run before and I was in the middle of Palmer Woods, completely lost. And you and Dad had to call Sheriff Ethan. And when you saw me you started crying. And I thought something was wrong with me. And you said, ‘No there wasn't.' And then you held me in your arms and you told me I was just special.
This is very weird coming from Lionel and hard to believe, but as soon as we see Martha's face as she understands the situation, we buy into the story, we buy into the body swap, and we buy into her love for Clark. All because of O'Toole.
2. Dean Winchester Is In It
Smallville seems to be a revolving door of actors on their way to greater things and this is the case for Jensen Ackles who plays Jason Teague on Smallville (Lana's love interest and assistant football coach). After leaving Smallville, Ackles goes on to play Dean Winchester in the Supernatural series.
I love Supernatural. If you haven't seen it, I recommend it. It's much, much darker, and has a far stronger horror element to it than Smallville, but if TV shows were family members, I would call the two shows cousins.
On Supernatural, Jensen plays a badass demon hunter. He suffers a lot on the show, so on the one hand it was nice to see him play a character on Smallville who doesn't have to suffer so much. On the other hand, it was extremely frustrating to watch someone who is so adept in Supernatural at hunting demons be so inept at fighting dark forces in Smallville.
In the episode where Lana, Lois, and Chloe get possessed by witches' spirits, Jason uncovers this, rescues Clark and runs off to go find them. I started to get excited. Finally, I was going to see a little bit of Dean.
Nope, Clark saves the day all by himself. Such a waste of one of the Winchester Boys.
3. The Witches
I was really worried about these witches. When it was airing, every so often I would check in to see if I should re-dedicate myself to the show. I distinctly remember doing this and seeing the episode where Lana, Chloe and Lois get possessed by witches from the 17th century. It was just too weird for me and that was it — no more Smallville. In fact, every time someone mentioned the show to me in the future, this was the episode I would think about. “Oh God, not Smallville. That show is terrible.”
But you know what? There are only a few witchey episodes here and there and they're not that bad. Certainly less unappealing when you've seen four seasons of meteor rock freaks, and powers, and aliens, and native american prophecies, and characters afflicted with an insanity that comes and goes. But a few witches? I can live with that. No matter how ridiculous they looked.
4. It Finds its Comedy Feet
After awhile, a TV series gets comfortable. Whether it's the cast, or the writers, or some combination of both I'm not sure. But in this comfort, people start to have fun.
There's an episode this season where a sorority-type girl gets body swapping powers and swaps into various bodies, including Martha Kent's. Lois asks, “I don't mean to be rude Mrs. Kent, but did you crack open the cooking sherry?”
Martha replies like an angry spoiled child: “Of course not. I'm just SUPER PUMPED about prom!”
Since Smallville is full of things that are hard to believe, I think it works best when they have fun with it.
5. Alicia, Alicia, Alicia
Alicia is my favourite. She should be everyone's favourite. (Bigger-than-normal spoiler alert incoming).
This is how you do loss. Unlike the lackluster attempt in Season Two I discussed, the loss of Alicia works better because the show does a better job of establishing her vulnerability and likeability.
In this season, Alicia is released from the mental hospital. All she wants is a second chance with Clark despite the fact she tried to kill Lana. And Clark can't help himself. He can be honest with Alicia. They're vulnerable with each other. Clark's willingness to believe in the best in people is just as strong as Alicia's desire to be accepted by Clark and those around her. So when she's taken from him, we already understand and accept how much they mean to each other. There's more clearly defined loss.
And it is deeply felt.
6. Lois is Great
In this season we're introduced to Lois Lane. While she's not in every episode, it's clear there is something special about her, something that even distinguishes her from all the other women on the show. And it's not just that she's abrasive, and gung-ho, and funny, and straight-forward, and that she and Clark don't like each other, it's that she doesn't call Clark for help. She thinks she can do anything on her own. What happens when Chloe is in trouble? She calls Clark. When Lana is in trouble? Calls Clark. When Lois is in trouble? She thinks she can solve the problem all by herself.
7. Pappa Clark and Momma Lana
Did you think I was going to let you get away with this nonsense, Season Four?
There's an episode where Clark and Lana find a baby boy in a mysterious crater. Clark brings him back home and he and Lana start to treat the child like their own, holding him, changing him, caring for him.
Clark likes kids, I get it. But he and Lana immediately assuming parenting roles when they don't live together and aren't dating is just bizarre. I'll go as far to say this is the most uncomfortable, unbelievable episode yet, and this was the season with the witches.
I'm not mad, Season Four, I'm just disappointed.
8. It's Figured Out it's Emotional Power
Like most guys, I'm not very good at expressing my emotions. I like to keep them to myself and try and bury and forget about them. Usually they keep pretty well under the dirt, but we all go through tough times and when we do, the mound gets bigger.
Every so often, a TV or movie executes a heartfelt moment so well that a little emotion escapes, and the mound gets a little smaller, a little lighter. That's a good thing. I could use a mini excavation right now.
There are a lot of moments in Season Four that have disturbed the dirt, and allowed some emotion to seep through to the surface. Like when Martha gives her speech about family, or when Lois convinces Clark not to kill a Meteor Freak, or when Martha recognizes Clark inside Lionel.
Season Four has probably been the best in that respect. I believe it is some kind of culmination of certain actors getting better, and the show evolving to a point where direction of the season and the projected storylines for all the characters is working well, and everything just sings. Mostly.
And it becomes like a friend, taking a moment, silently acknowledging that the pile of dirt is getting too big, grabbing a shovel, and digging.
Kevin McCloud on the connection between buildings and place
Our editor-at-large ponders the relationship between buildings and site, and how it affects our love of them.
There's a paradox in our built world that nothing is truly new. The moment you open the packaging on your iSlab, it starts to get knocked about. Some of us panic at the idea that our new toys might have been manufactured six months ago; that's ancient history in computer upgrades. Meanwhile, buildings are right at the back of the grid. They're slow to design and build, and the moment they're finished, they start to erode and mark. They have to sit outdoors in the rain, suffering the humiliations of the weather. By the time they're a week old, they're already no longer new.
William Morris, the designer and founder of the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings, wrote in the society's manifesto in 1877: ‘As good buildings age, the bond with their sites strengthens. A beautiful, interesting or simply ancient building still belongs where it stands, however corrupted that place may have become. Use and adaptation of buildings leave their marks and these, in time, we also see as aspects of the building's integrity.' For Morris, the accumulated marks of time, use and place, of decay and weathering, strengthen the story of a place. Whereas a 21st-century designer might find the degradation of their work abhorrent, Morris celebrated the way in which all human creativity is more or less Ozymandian. We take a piece of cliff, we cut, carve and polish it into the most valuable object, we site it and then we watch as the universe claims it once more and weathers it slowly back to powder. Steel returns to iron ore grit, concrete eventually splinters back to dust and my 1986 IBM computer that was once pale grey is determinedly assuming the sticky yellow hue that all plastics adopt as they age. Pretty soon it will dissolve into its own pool of crude oil.
The connection between buildings and place is a precious one; a relationship that objects, such as cars or computers, can't easily share. Architecture, gardens, streets and our public realm are, however, bound and woven into the landscape in which we see, more or less transparently and more or less successfully, a relationship between a context and what mankind has made there. The context itself might even be man-made, (such as a historic setting for a new building). We generally respond better to made things when they have this kind of connection, and this perception can be enriching. It can bring a genuine feel-good value to life, a sense of well-being that comes with understanding an order and our place within it, whether the order is historical and temporal or geographical and cultural. It happens with places but doesn't, I think, very often happen with ‘stuff'.
That's not to say that stuff isn't meaningful to us. Stuff can light the imagination and inspire the spirit. We still enjoy the made-up story of objects and their glamour. Baubles and trinkets seduce adults as much as children; craftsmanship, which imbues objects with lasting attractiveness and deeper value, can occur in the most unlikely of things, from a handmade suit to a spoon. But if we want truly authentic relationships with what we make, I say ditch the tablet and reach out to a venerable building. Because the relationships between place, architecture, design and people are powerful and resonate profoundly within us.
Let's suppose that a historic building has a positive contribution to make to our world. That a beautiful old pub, 18th-century town hall or wonky corn exchange cheers us up when we see one. It might be a step too far for us to agree with Morris that a true understanding of history is the key to happiness, but I believe that the layering and the complexity of our built environment, including its most ancient and prized assets as well as its newest, can provide all the depth, interest and relief we need – like a flavoursome layer cake of reference. We demand complexity in our visual world that can never be fully provided by a shiny high-resolution screen on our laps. I opt for decay and weathering every time.
Photography: National Trust, Nigel Ridgen, Paul Ryan-Goff
“This is my last farewell,” read a text message Monday night, from Jonghyun Kim, the lead vocalist of the South Korean Korean pop band, SHINee.
He was writing to his older sister, hours before he'd been pronounced dead. Authorities would find his body curled inside a hotel room next to coal briquettes burning on a frying pan. Fumes were everywhere, carbon monoxide filling every crevice. Yonhap News would later report that the 27-year old died from cardiac arrest in what was declared a suicide.
It was an abrupt and shocking end to an international pop star whose storied career lasted almost a decade.
So what happened? How could one of Asia's most beloved acts meet such a tragic end? What could have possibly gone wrong?
Public-facing, it seemed as if the 27-year old star had it all. In fact, some would even argue he was at the pinnacle of his career. He'd just wrapped two days of solo concerts a week before, filmed a popular variety show, “Night Goblin,” where producers said he was in a “bright mood,” and was preparing for his solo album. He'd even filmed his music video, where sources said he was in good spirits. He was one of Asia's top acts and 2018 seemed to be his breakout year.
But behind closed doors, Jonghyun was struggling with his inner demons, something he was adept at hiding from his fans. It was only recently that he opened up about how difficult it is experiencing depression. In a candid interview with Esquire Korea, translated by Omona They Didn't, the singer admitted he had struggled with depression since childhood.
He was always trying 200% but he was never satisfied
“It's the same [as] in the present,” he said. “But I don't think I can keep living my life sustaining those depressive feelings forever. You might be able to go through the early-to-mid-part of your life with that kind of melancholy.”
He added: “But if you want to grow, you can only survive if you throw those feelings away. Unless you want to get trapped within yourself and die, you have to grow no matter how much it hurts.”
It wasn't the idol's first cry for help. In 2016, he penned the lyrics to singer Lee Hi's 2016 single, “Breathe,” a song about mental illness.
“Breathe in deeply
Until both sides of your chest
Get numb
Exhale more
Until they start to hurt a little
Until you feel like
There's nothing left inside of you.”
While Jonghyun soldiered on in good spirits in the public eye, making headlining appearances on SNL Korea, to fronting magazine covers, in private, his close friends and colleagues say there was always a sadness that seemed to follow him. Young-hu Kim, a producer for S.M. Entertainment, SHINee's record label, who wrote five of the band's songs including: “REPLAY,” “Runaway,” “In My Room,” “Love Like Oxygen,” and “Hit Me Baby,” met Jonghyun before his group's debut in 2008.
“When I first met him, he was shy but very enthused to become a singer,” Young-hu tells Very Good Light. “He'd try to push himself to reach higher standards in terms of his vocal skills.”
Back then, the ambitious teen looked up to TVXQ, the number-one group at the time. He wanted to surpass them and become an international act.
“He was always trying 200% but he was never satisfied,” the S.M. producer tells us. “He's a very sensitive guy and wanted to make it far but didn't know if he'd go the distance.”
Over the years, as SHINee's star power started to sky rocket, it seemed as if Jonghyun wasn't where he wanted to be. “I sensed a bit of darkness,” Young-hu recalls. “Mainly from him wanting to reach the top yet he was so far away from it.”
Which is surprising, as the band went on to win the highly coveted Newcomer of the Year Award at the 2008 Golden Disk Awards. They also won three consecutive MNet MAMA Awards. On his own, Jonghyun would receive recognition for his singing, winning the bonsang award at 2016's Golden Disk awards. With his upcoming solo album and activities, it seemed as is he was on his way to surpassing the rest of his bandmates and becoming one of his label, S.M.'s, the biggest acts.
It's definitely not all flowers and rainbows.
But then came a scandal that seemed to curtail his chances at his goal. In August, it was his own bandmate, Onew, who was accused and found guilty of sexual harassment. The backlash was brutal. Fans of the band as well as Korean Netizens demanded Onew be removed from the group. Some even lashed out at the entire band, asking for an entire boycott. A source tells Very Good Light that it was a “traumatizing experience” for Jonghyun, one that seemed to be an “insurmountable struggle” for him.
“I'm speculating that recent scandal with Onew has to do with [his passing],” Young-Hu tells us.
Whatever the case, pressure and overall dissatisfaction recently started to snowball. The news media outlet Dispatch revealed intel from one of the singer's close friends who said they shared deep, disturbing conversations before the singer's death. According to the friend, which the publication named as ‘A,' Jonghyun confessed his painful struggles had worsened in the past few weeks.
“He said he's still having a hard time, but I didn't know it would end like this,” he said. “He said he felt like he wasn't living up to the expectations. He wanted to do better but felt like he was lacking talent. He was struggling, saying that he's bumped down as he gets older.”
Imagine having to watch everything you say, everything you do for years on end. To have to put on a happy face even when that's the last emotion you're feeling.
Indeed, the pressures of stardom is very real in the South Korean entertainment industry. Not only do stars have to maintain their popularity, they have to fight their way in an extremely crowded field, one where there are hundreds of pop stars at any given moment with thousands of trainees training under dozens of agencies. But even when they get that top spot, it's impossible to sustain their popularity. In a very trend-driven country like South Korea, one which obsessively adopts a new celebrity everything three months, one day you're hot, the next, forgotten.
These sentiments are echoed by the Korean pop singer, Sophiya, who just released her single, “For the Record.” The British Korean, who was once a runner-up for the reality show, “Birth of a Great Star 2,” says she's witnessed just what idol stars go through.
“I'm not sure what kind of troubles Jonghyun was going through but I do know that there is so much pressure to be perfect here in Korea,” Sophiya tells Very Good Light. “Double/triple that if you're a celebrity. Double that again if you're a member of one of the biggest idol groups in the country. And these kids have to deal with this for years.”
“Imagine having to watch everything you say, everything you do for years on end,” she tells us. “To have to put on a happy face even when that's the last emotion you're feeling. To have to act cute because the audience loves it. You are not your own person. You cannot dictate your own feelings. You are not in control of your body. It's definitely not all flowers and rainbows. People see the grand finale and think it looks like an easy life. They don't see the hours of sweat and tears that go into the making. If you complain, you're ungrateful or weak. So you hold it in.
“Mental illness is still very taboo, so seeking help is out of the question for most idol stars and most definitely not to be talked about,” she says.
Indeed, mental illnesses are a career-ender for many a star, an understandable reason so many hide their struggles altogether as the repercussions are real. Late last year, the group WINNER, said farewell to their member, Nam Tae Hyun. YG Entertainment, the group's agency, released a statement: “YG and the other members have put Tae Hyun's mental health as the main priority and decided to wait for his recovery.” The same year, the popular girl group, 2NE1, was reportedly disbanded due to its main vocalist, Park Bom's mental health.
According to Joo Han, the deputy director at the Asian American Federation, a non-profit based in NYC, there have been multiple studies pointing how mental illness in Asian communities come with pejorative connotations. Many from communities she's interviewed fear being stigmatized and labeled “crazy.”
“There is still a lack of understanding of mental health as an actual health concern,” Joo tells Very Good Light. “Because it's an invisible problem that doesn't show up on medical tests, for example, it's perceived as not being real and therefore not a serious problem.”
But it's silence surrounding mental health that leads to a “rising rate of depression and suicide,” she says. “With few outlets to seek help – especially when the risk to one's reputation and one's family's standing in the community seems so large – people struggle to overcome depression and other mental illnesses, which can become more severe over time. Particularly in a culture where competition is fierce and there's little room for deviation or failure, people can become overly stressed, depressed, or anxious.”
Dr. Jessica Pae, a clinical psychologist based out of Denver agrees. “So many people are struggling but they don't feel safe talking about it to others due to the stigma of mental health – we are so saturated in a ‘saving face' mentality,” she tells us. The psychologist says that what's especially difficult with depression is that it's nearly impossible to pinpoint how someone is really feeling.
“You never really know how someone is, just from what they present to you on the outside,” explains Dr. Pae, of Jonghyun's final days. “Many people are used to faking it or putting on masks to cover their own pain and struggles. It's always important to ask how someone else is feeling.”
Which is something the Korean pop industry and KPOP fans need to do more of. In an industry that's high-stress and full of extreme pressures, Korean pop stars are required to “save face” to save their own careers. By playing into the fantasies of their fans, they smile through the pain, play along to people's desires, and bite their tongues. It obviously takes a toll on their mental, emotional and physical well-beings. What the industry needs to acknowledge is that these KPOP idols aren't androids, commanded to twist and turn and do a dance at any whim. They are human. And we as fans need to acknowledge that these human-beings are flawed, have real emotions, and should be able to readily express them. Something needs to change in the Korean pop system and it starts with the fanbase. Don't let Jonghyun's tragic death be in vain.
If you're experiencing depression or suicidal thoughts, here's what you can do, according to Dr. Pae:
Talk about it openly and honestly. Don't be afraid! Find people who will listen well. Call the suicide hotline, set up an appointment with a psychologist/counselor. Turn to a trusted adult. Allies can help by being a good listener. Ask questions if you are afraid your friend is at risk. Be OPEN and direct. Ask these questions: “Are you having thoughts of suicide? Do you want to die and end your life? Or are you feeling like it's too hard to go on?” Don't argue. Don't promise confidentiality. Don't act shocked. Don't offer ways to fix the problem. Report this to the suicide hotline or police or safe to tell, adult, etc. Make sure to act and respond because it could save a life.
If you need help, call the national Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-844-493-8255. Visit their website here.
I finally finished translating this! Thanks to Roja on NF for scanning the pages.
Hyuuga Hinata
Rank: Chuunin
Chakra Nature: Fire, Lightning
Heading: Because I love you, Naruto-kun…
Main paragraph: There is a girl who embodies the ever-unchanging truth that “a maiden in love is strong.” Her name is Hinata. As a legitimate child of Konoha's noble family, the Hyuuga clan, she is able to control the byakugan, one of the three great doujutsu. In the past, she was filled with hesitancy due to the pressure of her family name being too great, but with a push from her beloved Naruto, she made her hidden talent blossom through the power of perseverance. Even now, her pure feelings of “I want to walk with Naruto-kun forever…” expand her potential. With the beginning of the Fourth Great Shinobi War, she no longer trembles. Her precious person is there and she wants to walk together with him.
Large text on the left: The pure white lily whose feelings of love reach towards the future in place of her resolve!!
Caption for panel where Hinata uses 64 palms: In order to protect Naruto, she overcame her own limits to employ “8 trigrams 64 palms.” She gathered the power of the byakugan and overpowered the Juubi's clone.
Caption for panel where Hinata responds to Kiba wanting to be Hokage:
She gently affirms Kiba's dream of being Hokage. Her pure heart is certainly refreshing on the battleground.
Profile
Ninja registration number: 012612
Birthday: December 27th (16 years old, Capricorn)
Height: 160cm
Weight: 45kg
Blood type: A
Personality: Shy, introverted
Favorite:
Hinata has always loved Naruto since her childhood. She was shy about meeting him, so she would often watch him from a hiding place.
About 6 years ago
Feelings that haven't changed from her weak self…
She was introverted and withdrawn during her academy days. With all her might, she cheers for Naruto in a small voice.
Main heading: She makes her dream of her beloved person into her own path!!
Nindou
No matter what kind of trial there is, “I never go back on my word.” That nindou, set forth by Naruto, whom she admires and loves, has long since become Hinata's path. To walk together on the same path with the one she admires, she has sworn on her own strong convictions!!
Caption for top left panel (from 540): “We will protect Naruto-kun to the end!!” Facing the Fourth Great Shinobi War, she engraved these words of determination on her heart.
Caption for panel from 615 where Hinata recites her nindou: Just as she was saved in the past, this time Hinata gently heals the despaired Naruto's heart.
Caption for Panel from 615 where Hinata slaps Naruto: Hinata rebukes Naruto, who had lost his will to fight upon Neji's death! Her support allows Naruto to stand up once again!!
Resolve
If Naruto is on the verge of crisis, Hinata will risk her life to protect him!! Hinata's resolve is firm, dismissing Naruto when he worried for her, saying “I'm just… being selfish…” There's not anyone who can stop the determination that a maiden in love holds!!
Caption for panel from 437 where Hinata jumps in to fight Pain: Ready to die in a suicidal attack against Pain! If it's to save Naruto, Hinata will not withhold even her own life!!
Main heading: Ridding herself of envy, walking towards ideals!!
By His Side
“Moving forward, even by one step!!” So as not to be left behind by Naruto, who is always pushing forward, she has determined to continue in her own growth. She abandoned the weak version of herself who had to be protected, and chased after [Naruto's] back, and put herself through strict training, wanting to become strong. She wants to catch up to the person she loves, and always support him at his side. With power in place of her strong feelings, her white eyes focus on the next step. This is to make the ideals she envisioned a reality.
Caption for panel with hand-holding: Side by side holding hands, Naruto and Hinata face the Juubi. Feeling the warmth of those tightly clasped hands, she renews her determination.
Caption for panel where Hinata thinks of Neji: Neji was a prominent juuken user of the Hyuuga. His teaching let Hinata's talent bloom after his death.
Neji-niisan
Having been blessed greatly with the talent of his clan, as a shinobi, Neji walked far ahead of Hinata. Hinata loves him like an actual brother. Currently, there is no antagonism between Hinata and Neji about the main family and branch family. From the bottom of her heart, Hinata trusts Neji, who crosses over the family lines to protect her by his true feelings.
Caption for lower left panel: In place of the collapsed Neji, Hinata takes on the role of lookout. The power of her byakugan is in no way inferior to Neji's.
Sue Gilmore and her grandson, Carter, 11, tied for first in the Wisconsin's Oldest Fridge contest hosted by Focus on Energy. Theirs was one of three winners. Credit: Gary Porter
The refrigerator in my basement that does little more than keep beer and soda cold is from 1987.
I thought 26 years was a long life for a fridge. Then on Tuesday I met Sue Gilmore and Monica Tighe, two of the three winners in a contest to find the oldest refrigerator in Wisconsin.
Their elderly refrigerators date back to 1931. And they still worked!
They're so old that they have their mechanical guts on the outside, these big honkin' exposed compressors perched on top. Their longevity speaks for itself and puts today's appliances and electronics to shame.
The two Waukesha County women and Mary Walgenbach of Middleton each won $1,000 for the 82-year-old General Electric beauties they turned in.
The contest was sponsored by Focus on Energy to promote its ongoing appliance recycling program. Focus on Energy teams up with Wisconsin utilities to pursue energy efficiency and renewable resource use.
Anyone who turns in an old refrigerator or freezer in working order gets $50, and the appliance is picked up and carried away for free. To schedule a pickup, call (855) 398-5226 or go to FocusOnEnergy.com/appliance.
Gilmore and Tighe talked to reporters at a check presentation Tuesday at the Focus on Energy warehouse in Franklin. The three winning refrigerators were on display, along with hundreds of also-rans that looked like props on black-and-white shows from TV's earliest years.
Walgenbach wasn't able to attend the ceremony. But she told Focus on Energy that the refrigerator was a gift to the monastery where she lives, and it was used to store water and equine medications for a summer camp where girls learn to ride horses.
Gilmore, who brought along her grandson, Carter Gilmore, 11, for the event, said, "I tell my grandkids that my mom and dad were 9 years old when this refrigerator was made. That puts it in perspective."
For the past 25 years, the refrigerator has been in the barn at their family farm in Hartland. They got it from a neighbor who was moving away.
"We thought it would be a good kegerator refrigerator," said Sue's son, Brian, who was about 18 when he spotted it at the neighbor's. He painted it white with a red Wisconsin Badgers logo.
They used it mainly for family parties in the summer and kept it unplugged in winter.
A few years ago, the sodas they forgot to remove in fall froze and exploded all over the fridge. It's been a bit smelly ever since. It was time to go.
The family plans to donate $200 of the winnings to charitable causes and put the rest toward a Disney trip for the five grandkids.
Monica Tighe said her grandfather, Joseph Smith, came home in the 1930s with their contest winner, first as a replacement for the icebox in the kitchen, and later in the basement of the Pine Lake cottage near Nashotah, where it remained for well over half a century.
It was used for upstairs refrigerator overflow and large items like watermelon and party trays. In the 1980s, Tighe's mother painted it black to freshen up its look for a family reunion.
"A lot of family memories there," Tighe said. "But not everything can last forever."
Her plan for the $1,000 prize? She is buying a new refrigerator.
Call Jim Stingl at (414) 224-2017 or email at jstingl@jrn.com
For years now, the Whitecaps have touted their youth.
They've wanted their academy to be like Ajax — a conveyor belt of talented, technically gifted players groomed in the Whitecaps way from their early teens.
They've approached the draft — at least in their early MLS years — with an emphasis on potential over pro-ready players. Omar Salgado and Kekuta Manneh were drafted at 17 and 18 years old, respectively, surely with an eye on a future transfer windfall.
And for months, we've heard about how young their lineup is: the average age of this starting XI and that starting XI; a young bench; more young players — mostly Canadian — doing well with Whitecaps FC 2 in the USL.
All true.
But in just two months on the job, Fraser Aird, the 21-year-old Canadian fullback who signed with Glasgow Rangers at 16, has reminded us what a truly positive progression looks like in a young player.
The Salgado experiment went on for four years here. So did the Darren Mattocks saga. The lights were out long before they left the room.
Manneh might still only be 21, but this is his fourth season, he's played almost 100 MLS games, and people are still debating whether he'll be a star or a bust — often in the same game.
As for the Canadians who've come through the residency program, Kianz Froese and Marco Bustos are clearly bright and unique talents, but we've not seen enough of them at the pro level to make sweeping statements. Sam Adekugbe has struggled in limited MLS minutes since a positive start to 2015.
Meanwhile, Aird has come in, had a stinker in his MLS opener, and then grown by leaps and bounds every week. He was one of the best players on the field in Saturday's 2-1 win over the Portland Timbers, even though he didn't look good on the opening goal.
He's playing with confidence, enthusiasm and fearlessness, and he's embraced the challenge of learning a new position (right-back) as if he's cramming for a final exam.
Aired capped off Saturday's game with a near end-to-end dribble, as if he was Bobby Orr with a soccer ball.
“To be fair, I almost stopped breathing at the end, I was so tired,” Aird said with a laugh. “I just tried to get the boys up the park as quick as I could and I won us a corner and the game was pretty much done after that. That's what I'm good at. I'm good at bringing the ball up the park — and, as well, as I've got a lot better at defending.”
That sense of humour and honesty in his interviews has also endeared him to fans and media alike. But mostly it's been about his play — positive, aggressive, unafraid of mistakes. He's also got that rambunctious puppy quality about him, which has something to do with his age and personality, and also perhaps reflects his last few months in Glasgow.
“Every game I get the chance to pull on a Vancouver top I'm blessed and lucky to get a chance to play again,” said Aird, who signed with Vancouver in late January on one-year loan with an option to transfer. “I wasn't playing much at Rangers towards the end, and just the chance to play football again, that's what everyone wants to do.
“When you're playing football you're happy. That's what you get paid to do. I'm just enjoying it, taking each day as it comes, working as hard as I can in training, and hopefully I can keep myself in the team.”
Aird has grabbed his opportunity and grown quickly and steadily — so much so that it's tempting to wonder how good this guy might be in two or three years.
He didn't arrive with a ton of fanfare, yet with each successive game he's done himself a favour. He's also raised the bar for the Caps' other young players.
mweber@postmedia.com
twitter.com/ProvinceWeber
CHICAGO (1-2-4) AT VANCOUVER (4-5-2), 7 P.M.
Venue: B.C. Place Stadium
TV: TSN2
Radio: TSN 1040
Mobile: Bell
Referee: Baldomero Toledo
The setup:
The Caps host Chicago at B.C. Place for the first time since July, 2013, when Camilo scored a brace in a 3-1 victory. With a win, the Caps can get to .500 for the first time this season.
Whitecaps' last game:
Beat Portland 2-1 at home in their most complete performance of the season. Masato Kudo and Christian Bolanos scored in the rare come-from-behind win. MLS form: L-W-T-L-W
Fire's last game:
Chicago is coming off a bye week. They tied D.C. United 1-1 at home on April 30 with Jonathan Campbell providing the opener. They've won just one of their first seven. MLS form: T-W-T-L-T
Predicted Chicago XI (4-4-2):
Lampson
Ramos Kappelhof Campbell Harrington
LaBrocca Stephens Cocis Igboananike
Alvarez Gilberto
Kudo
Techera Mezquida Bolanos
Laba Morales
Harvey Parker Waston Aird
Ousted
Predicted Caps XI (4-2-3-1)
Three things to watch:
Gilberto's battles
When the Caps faced the Fire in a preseason game in Portland, Gilberto was the best player on the field. Claimed off waivers by Chicago last summer, the hard-working Brazilian forward has yet to score this season but he's proved he can be a dangerous player in MLS. He scored seven goals for Toronto in 2014 and five goals in just 681 minutes for the Fire last year. Look for his battles with the Caps' centre-backs.
Can Kudo keep going?
Sticking with strikers, Masato Kudo scored his first goal as a Whitecap in Saturday's 2-1 win over the Portland Timbers. Not a bad sense of timing. Now, can Kudo keep it up? He's consistently been the best finisher in practice. Octavio Rivero's minor ankle injury in New York opened the door a crack for someone else to step up. Whoever can show a nose for goal, consistently, will surely get a run of games.
Transfer/trade window closing
MLS's primary transfer window closes Wednesday night. It's one of two periods on the calendar when teams can register new players via international transfers or trades within the league. The secondary window runs July 4 to Aug. 3. The rumour mill has been dead quiet and most clubs want to wait until the summer to assess their squad properly. You have to think Vancouver's in that boat.
Recent head-to-head meetings
March 14, 2015 VAN 1 CHI 0 Toyota Park
July 30, 2014 VAN 0 CHI 0 Toyota Park
July 14, 2013 VAN 3 CHI 1 B.C. Place
All-time MLS record vs. CHI: 3-1-2; home: 2-0-0
2016 team leaders
VAN CHI
Goals: Morales 4 Igboananike 3
Bolanos 3 Accam 2
Harvey 2 Cocis 1
Assists: Techera 2 Alvarez 2
Injuries: (VAN) OUT — D Christian Dean (foot), M Deybi Flores (adductor); (CHI) QUESTIONABLE — M Matt Polster (calf); OUT — F David Occam (knee), M Alex Morrell (calf)
Honduras Signs Deal to Create Private Cities
Huzzah! Congrats to many people. You know who you are. As reported by the AP:
The government of Honduras has signed a deal with private investors for the construction of three privately run cities with their own legal and tax systems.The memorandum of agreement signed Tuesday is part of a controversial experiment meant to bring badly needed economic growth to this small Central American country.
In La Prensa:
La empresaestadounidense MKG y Carlos Pineda, presidente de Coalianza, firmaron ayer el convenio para construir la primera ciudad modelo en Honduras. La inversión inicial programada por el consorcio internacional MKG Group es de unos 15 millones de dólares para edificar la primera RED (región especial de desarrollo) en Trujillo, en la costa norte hondureña.Una vez entrado en vigencia, MKG comenzará la primera etapa, consistente en desarrollar la infraestructura física, en la que se necesitarán cinco mil empleos directos y generará 15 mil indirectos, se informó. Michael Strong, ejecutivo de MKG, expresó: “La meta principal de nuestro proyecto es crear la base para una comunidad segura y próspera para los hondureños”. Strong agregó que esta es una colaboración entre diversos grupos de inversionistas, empresarios y expertos que apuntan a la eliminación de la pobreza mediante creación de riqueza en Honduras por medio de las RED.
Seattle is changing, and fast. 62 cranes decorated our cityscape at the end of 2016—more cranes than any other U.S. city—and it seems like sometimes the entire city is under development.
We've rounded up 10 development projects to watch in 2017 below. There are, of course, hundreds more where these came from. If there's a development you want to see covered, the tipline is open.
The Washington State Convention Center expansion
An ambitious project to expand the Washington State Convention Center will add 1.2 million square feet of exhibition and meeting space, a 30-story residential tower with 428 units, a 16 story office building, and new retail and public spaces all along the exterior.
This project is not only the largest in Seattle history, in the ballpark of $1.6 billion—it's also starting to be at the center of a debate of just how many developers owe Seattle for use of public land.
The Lake City fire station development
Land originally owned by the city was handed over to the Low Income Housing Institute (LIHI) for this development, which has five stories of residential serving people at 60 percent and below area median income. The bottom floor also serves the community; current plans call for a preschool operated by the Refugee Women's Alliance.
The ever-changing project at 23rd and Union
The corner of 23rd and Union has, on a macro level, been symbolic of gentrification and displacement in the Central District. On a micro level, a plot of land on the corner has been plagued by questions about ownership.
It seemed like the project had come to at least some sort of peace with both. Lennar Multifamily Communities was set to develop the land with plans to give community group Africatown a 20% stake—but the land deal fell apart last week, leaving the whole project in total limbo once again.
Old Spaghetti Factory becomes new condos
The beloved Old Spaghetti Factory building—officially, the Ainsworth and Dunn warehouse—is a historic site, so it can't disappear completely. So like Pike Motorworks and other historic buildings before that, a developer is working around it.
The full project is 81,200 square feet of mixed-use residential, 31,320 square feet of commercial, and parking underground. The warehouse itself is only gaining one small level, with a terrace on what was once just the roof. Much of that square footage is coming from a five-story building on the former parking lot.
Value Village becomes Legacy Capitol Hill
Another development happening inside a historic facade: The Kelly Springfield Building, best-known as the former location of the Capitol Hill Value Village, will become a five-story office building with 12,000 square feet of retail.
Originally, the project was going to sweep through the neighboring building that houses The Stranger and Rhino Room, but Legacy Commercial scrapped that plan after some difficult conversations with the landmark preservation board.
Fifth and Columbia Tower, aka The Mark
Construction on this high rise has been ongoing since 2008, which was a long time ago. Greg Nickels was mayor. Barack Obama hadn't been elected yet. CenturyLink Field was still Qwest Field. (To be fair, construction was entirely halted between August 2008 and July 2014.)
Originally called the Fifth and Columbia Tower during the first phrase of construction, the project has since ditched the older naming convention.
When it's finally completed, The Mark will be the fifth tallest building in Seattle at 660 feet, and will house a luxury hotel and 528,000 square feet of office space in a geometric tower. Tenant move-in is scheduled for May.
The new Rainier Square tower
Here's a project that would knock The Mark into sixth place: an 850 foot skyscraper, developed by Wright Runstad & Co., to complement the existing 514 foot Rainier Tower. When completed, assuming no other building beats it to the punch, it will be the second tallest building in Seattle.
The shape is also notable in addition to the height. NBBJ designed a a tower that, after a wide base, sweeps away from the east side as height increases. It's scheduled to break ground this summer, despite some controversy in testing the boundaries of the city's affordable housing incentives.
Madison Centre
Much like The Mark, Madison Centre's construction started in the mid-2000s and halted during the economic downtown. (Both projects also include a green wall.)
The 530 foot, 36-story skyscrapers adjacent to the downtown library is almost complete. The most recognizable feature to pedestrians will be the curved, glass facade—perhaps an attempt to complement the library. It's set to open later this year.
Amazon's biospheres
It's been hard to not watch this development, but in case you aren't clear on what they are: The geodesic spheres will house botanical gardens for Amazon employees to enjoy, along with the occasional field trip.
There's not much for the public inside, but there will be (another) green wall, a few open spaces surrounding the structure, and, Amazon says, some kind of retail element.
Amazon's adjacent high-rise office building, Amazon Tower II or the new Day One, opened late last year.
Seattle Civic Square
While nobody's holding their breath, it's quite possible that the vacant lot adjacent to City Hall will be a vacant lot no longer.
The development, originally by Triad, was stalled during the economic recession, then plagued with controversy after the company was accused of trying to shake down a City Council candidate (go Hawks!). Then it moved along to Touchstone, but they weren't able to get investors within their deadline.
Finally, it looks like the lot will be developed by Bosa, after Mayor Ed Murray made a deal with the company to build a residential tower and pay $5.7 million into an affordable housing fund.
Whether the current plan comes to fruition or not, the lot is definitely one to watch.
This article has been updated since its original publication to correct a typo. “$1.6 million” has been changed to “1.6 billion.”
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Day of the Dead celebration in the Gordon Square neighborhood was a joyous, colorful tapestry Saturday, with art, music, food and a parade featuring more than 800 participants.
Artist Hector Castellanos-Lara, one of the organizers, said the celebration is rooted in the ancient Aztec and Mayan cultures of Mexico but also coincides with the Roman Catholic celebration of All Souls Day and All Saints Day.
"It is a hybrid of the new and the old," he said.
"We talk to our children about this important spiritual tradition," he said.
He said Puerto Ricans in Greater Cleveland also have embraced the festival, but its devotees are even more diverse. About 65 percent of those attending are not Latinos, Castellanos-Lara said.
In one area, children and adults were constructing a round design on the ground, a practice that is rooted in ancient Eastern mystical traditions.
"Later it (the seeds) will become soup," said Jay Bentoff, one of the adults.
One striking aspect of the Day of the Dead is the personal level on which the dead are honored.
Altars of varying sizes, called ofredas, include offerings of food and water for a particular decedent, along with artifacts that recall elements of the person's life.
There were also places inviting people to send a message to the dead. One sign urged people to "Leave a message for those who are gone." Another suggested that people writer down stories and jokes for the dead.
Bones are a major component of the art and costuming, some presented so whimsically that they suggest the hand of filmmaker Tim Burton.
Aptly, a contingent of larger-than-life puppets came from the Cleveland Museum of Art's Community Arts Program, which is the driving force behind the Parade the Circle event each summer under the guidance of Robin VanLear.
If you missed the celebration Saturday, take heart. It will return next year for the 13th local iteration.
MINNEAPOLIS -- As far as auditions go, Kevin Love's 22-point, 10-rebound, 10-assist triple-double in 29 minutes Friday was like a singer being sent straight through to Hollywood after he belted out his first note in front of the “American Idol” judges.
If Love wanted to make an impression on Los Angeles Lakers fans watching at home and simultaneously suffering through a 143-107 drubbing at the hands of his Minnesota Timberwolves, mission accomplished.
Now, if it was only that easy to get him actually relocated to Hollywood.
After the league endured the “Dwightmare” and “Melodrama,” get ready for “Lovesick.”
The six-year veteran, only 25 years old, is the apple of just about every team set to have cap space in the summer of 2015's eye.
Love registered his second career triple-double Friday as the Wolves devoured the Lakers. David Sherman/NBAE/Getty Images
Love has one year left on his contract with the Wolves and by the time the regular season closes, will have gone 0-for-6 in making the postseason with the team that traded O.J. Mayo for him back on draft night in 2008.
Timberwolves president Flip Saunders will do everything he can to keep Love, who is fourth in the league in scoring at 26.3 points per game and third in rebounding at 12.6 per game this season. And Minnesota will have the advantage of being able to offer a five-year extension, versus a four-year deal from any other team.
But if Love makes it clear that he has no intention to re-up with the Wolves, Saunders will be forced to shop Love or risk seeing him walk for nothing in return.
Which is where the Lakers come in.
Love's ties to L.A. are undeniable. He went to college at UCLA. His father, Stan, played for the Lakers -- and coincidentally was on the 1974-75 team, a.k.a. the worst team in Lakers history up until this season, so his son could help make up for that. And Love was born in Santa Monica, to boot.
“You know, my parents live there and they had me there,” Love said of L.A., after his Wolves beat the Lakers for the third time in four tries to win the season series Friday. “It's not my fault. So, I don't really care about that right now. I just go out there and play and don't think about it.”
While Love downplayed his interest, the Lakers clearly could use a player of Love's caliber to jump-start their rebuilding process. Especially with Kobe Bryant recently putting the screws to management to turn things around as soon as possible so he can contend for another championship in the twilight of his career.
ESPN.com's Marc Stein reported Friday the Lakers would be willing to trade their upcoming pick in the heralded NBA draft -- likely to be in the top half of the lottery -- to land Love.
While Minnesota could certainly decide to go that route and hit the restart button, there is no assurance that the Lakers are truly Love's most desired destination.
A source familiar with Love's thinking told ESPNLosAngeles.com that it's not just L.A. that is appealing to Love; he's enamored with the idea of being “big time in a big city,” and that list of potential places he'd seek includes New York and Chicago, as well.
Love himself told GQ in February that his situation in Minnesota might be better than L.A. could offer anyway.
“People think it's so far-fetched that I would stay in Minnesota,” Love told the magazine. “And I'm not s------- on the Lakers, but we have the better team, the better foundation. I'm having fun.”
One member of the Lakers' organization was plenty vocal about his lust for Love on Friday, however.
“Obviously, he's one of the best players in the league,” Lakers coach Mike D'Antoni said before the game. “He's inside and out. He rebounds. The guy puts some unbelievable stats up, and he just comes at you. We had him in USA Basketball. He's just a very great basketball player. And he can beat you all kinds of different ways.”
Love proved D'Antoni, who coached the 6-foot-10 forward during the 2012 Olympics in London, right on Friday.
You saw him throwing a touch pass over the outstretched hands of Jordan Hill inside to Nikola Pekovic for an easy score; flinging a 50-foot outlet pass like a Frisbee and finding Kevin Martin in stride for an uncontested layup; grabbing a defensive rebound to start the break, then filling the lane to receive the ball back and complete the transition opportunity with a two-handed flush; stepping outside to can a couple of 3-pointers, extending his NBA-best streak of consecutive games with at least two made 3-pointers to 19.
And all of that was in the first quarter.
It was suggested to D'Antoni that Love epitomizes what the coach wants out of a stretch four in his system, and D'Antoni -- clearly on the hot seat to return to L.A. next season -- argued that Love would work under any scheme.
“I would rephrase that and say everybody wants something like that. When you're talking about one of the best players in the league, yeah, that makes sense,” D'Antoni said.
The coach went as far as to say that Love, who was fifth on Team USA in scoring at 11.6 points per game and first in rebounding at 7.6 boards per game, was the most important player on the roster.
“I just remember being on the bench; we couldn't wait to get him in the game,” D'Antoni said. “So, he was complementary, just because of the names out there. But he played as well as anybody, and he was as instrumental in winning the gold medal as anybody.”
Love did everything he could to shield his hand Friday, looking down into his lap and never once looking up to make eye contact during 3 ½ minutes of postgame questions that were cut off by a Wolves staffer as soon as three consecutive questions involving the Lakers came up.
“It's still nice to beat a team that's been a heavyweight for a very long time,” said Love, before being asked about the “weird” state of the Lakers these days.
“It would be like the Spurs coming out and having a bad year,” Love said. “Stuff like that doesn't happen. So, yeah, I guess it's a little weird.”
But the Lakers interest in Love? That's completely normal.
“The guy's a very good player,” D'Antoni said. “Wherever he goes, he's going to be good.”
Snoop Dogg will be gifted about $5,000 worth of top-shelf marijuana before his Tuesday concert in Oregon.
The rapper will receive a collection of “the best weed Oregon has to offer,” including marijuana-infused edibles and topical products, as a present for performing in Portland, The Oregonian reports.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
More than two dozen weed advocates in the state donated their best products to be added to the gift bag for the rapper and his crew. “It was remarkably fast and honestly, the feedback has been tremendous as far as people bringing me a lot more than I expected, people showing up with 2 ounces of their finest flower or 15 of their edibles,” organizer Joshua Jardine Taylor told the newspaper.
Snoop Dogg launched his own brand of pot last month in Colorado. Marijuana is legally available for recreational use in Alaska, Oregon, Washington and Colorado.
[Oregonian]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Bath salts and other synthetic drugs have been on the radars of Louisiana law enforcement for some time now. But a new substance is appearing, necessitating a new round of legal action, officials say. Today, the state announced a crackdown on a new synthetic drug known for being artificial LSD. 25-I, also known as Smiles or N-Bomb, was tied to the tragic death of 21-year-old Clayton Otwell, of Arkansas, who died after taking the drug at the Voodoo Music Experience over Halloween weekend. As of today, the substance is banned in Louisiana.
Rep. Kevin Pearson (R-Slidell) proposed criminalizing the drug, which according to health experts can cause brain hemmhoraging, seizures, hallucinations and paranoia, following Otwell's death. The Louisiana Poison Center reported two calls related to 25-I over the last three months, but officials suspect there are more cases because overdoses cannot be confirmed without lab analysis.
As a result of the new action, 25-I is now classified as Schedule 1 drug in the state. That means it's identified as a substance with a high potential for abuse, and has no medical benefits. Possessing or distributing the substance could now carry up to a 30-year prison sentence.
"The chemicals that go into these dangerous substances have no legitimate, medical uses and we are taking all steps available to find and punish those distributing it so we can keep our state safe," Secretary of State Bruce Greenstein said.
The drug, which can be smoked or snorted, functions as a manufactured replacement for LSD. It alters site lines with colors, creates euphoria and heightens the senses. However, stories of negative side effects were not far behind the release of the potent substance.
The drug first came to national attention earlier this year, when five teens were taken to the hospital after overdosing in Virginia. The side effects in those cases included bleeding in the brain, seizures, violent behavior, depression, among other symptoms. Otwell began babbling incoherently, then had a seizure and never regained consciousness, according to a nola.com report about the incident. He died two days after the Fest after being placed on life support.\
Louisiana became the second state to make the drug illegal, following Virginia.
Today's announcement gives our law enforcement officials the tools they need to crack down on the people pushing these dangerous drugs," Pearson said.
Manufactured in China and India, the drug entered the American market via online sales, according to the state.
At the time of writing, Bitcoin has fallen from its $1000-plus value, but it's still sitting high at just $100, or so, less. Because of the ruthless competition involved in Bitcoin mining, intrepid internet entrepreneurs have been moving over to the cheaper, though less competitive alternative, Litecoin. If the trend continues, Litecoin will soon mimic the cutthroat community of Bitcoin, losing its practicality. Furthermore, if you find all of the cryptocurrency rhetoric and serious-business economics articles sucking all of the fun and joy out of trying to make a digital buck, then the internet's most beloved Shiba Inu is here to save the day.
If you've been living in a remote location Where The Internet Does Not Go, or just hate fun, one of the most recent worthwhile, genuinely funny memes in our post-meme internet features a silly-looking Shiba Inu speaking in an understandable-but-broken English. The meme, referred to as “doge,” and associated doge-speak tends to be used derogatorily — using a barely comprehensible language is an effective method of satire — but it's difficult to discern if Dogecoin was deployed with the total intent of satire, rather than also hoping it would take off.
It appears Dogecoin is a real (insofar as any digital currency — or currency, for that matter — is whatever “real” means) digital currency for which you can mine using a computer. In this case, though, you're digging using a doge house, because there's still humor left in the world.
Like Litecoin, Dogecoin uses a type of encryption — Scrypt — that means it cannot be efficiently mined using ASICs. It also seems that the Shiba Inu currency's wallet is based on Luckycoin, a virtual currency that has a chance to add a multiplier to the reward for solving a block when mining.
Though the Dogecoin community appears to be using the canine currency mostly as a way to satirize the popular cryptocurrency scene, a few exchanges and offers have recently been made, setting the price of one Dogecoin at around 1/100 of a cent, or 10,000 Dogecoins per dollar. Technically, if a virtual currency is obtainable and people are willing to make exchanges for it, then that can lead to a more viable exchange rate, which in turn can lead to the scene growing in popularity.
Currently, the only thing Dogecoin really has going for it is humor, but levity can go a long way. If enough people mine and exchange Dogecoins as a joke, then people are still using it as a currency, and that could lead to it becoming viable for more than just a laugh.
Until then, plz dig for many coins.
No trip to China is complete without it.
I'm not talking about the Great Wall or the Bund, though you should visit.
I'm not talking about foot massages, though you should definitely give them a shot.
And I'm not talking about Peking duck or baijiu either, though you should try them as well (might want to go easy on the baijiu).
I'm talking about Karaoke, or KTV. Love it or hate it, if you go to China there is a big chance that you will end up in KTV at some point. And if you go unprepared, it's quite likely that you will end up singing Backstreet Boys or Britney Spears. While there's nothing wrong with indulging in 90's pop music, you'd be missing out on a great opportunity to learn Chinese language and culture. Because learning Chinese with music is one of the best possible ways to learn the language and culture.
Why Learn Mandarin Chinese Through Music?
This is probably not the first time you've heard someone recommend learning Chinese through music, and it's easy to see why. But just in case you are among the uninitiated, here are my top reasons to learn Chinese through music:
A lot of modern Chinese songs actually sound good (see below). Music is more catchy and memorable than vocabulary flashcards. Music gives you insight into the Chinese culture and how Chinese people think and feel. The language used in songs is casual and actually usable, if you pick the right music. Familiarity with popular songs and artists gives you something to talk about with your Chinese friends. You can listen to music on the go. It's a way to integrate learning Chinese into your life in a way that makes it an easy habit to follow.
How to Learn Chinese Through Music?
I'm biased, but the way I see it there are 2 main ways that you can learn Chinese through music.
The painful way is to find the music (probably on Youtube or Youku), google the lyrics separately, look the words up in your trusty dictionary, create flashcards to review those words, and rely on your flashcard system to bring up the words at the correctly scheduled review time.
The easy way is to learn Chinese through videos with FluentU. FluentU brings together great music videos for learning Chinese in one convenient place. It also provides interactive transcripts and a video player designed for learning Chinese. It tops this off with a review system which takes full advantage of the massive video library. And FluentU remembers your vocab progress and uses it to recommend future content from the rest of the FluentU library, which includes real-world content like movie trailers, commercials, news, and inspiring talks.
What Songs Should You Use to Learn Mandarin Chinese?
If you know how to learn Chinese from music, the next question is: what songs should you learn Chinese from?
There are many potential pitfalls:
“bad” music (Chinese music, especially older stuff, can be quite different from Western music that might make it hard for you to enjoy – but there is a lot of good stuff too).
music which uses difficult language which isn't commonly used
music which isn't mainstream (nothing against niche artists, but if the goal is to connect with Chinese people, it's probably more efficient to learn from music which would give you a common language)
music which is too fast (hard to learn from, and will also make you look like a fool in karaoke)
With those potential issues and goals in mind, I've selected my top 10 modern songs for learning Chinese through music.
The Chinese-American, multi-talented mandopop superstar Wang Li Hong (aka Leehom Wang) burst onto the international music scene with The One and Only in 2001. The song was taken from the rock inspired album of the same name which sold more than a million copies in Asia alone.
The One and Only is a slow jam that has long been a favourite of Wang Li Hong's fans. In places, the melody is backed by a tricky chord progression for singers, but the vocabulary is mostly commonly used words like the following: “It is not easy to get back. I'm sure you are my only one.”
9) I'm Willing by Wang Fei (1994) (我愿意 by 王菲)
Wang Fei The runaway hit “I'm Willing” (我願意) in Mystery became her trademark hit in the Mandarin-speaking communities for years, and has been covered by other singers such as Gigi Leung, Sammi Cheng and Jay Chou. Sky was seen by fans as a successful amalgam of artistic experimentation and commercialism.
I'm Willing is so popular that it's been covered by other singers, notably Sammi Cheng and Jay Chou. It's also a karaoke favourite. For anyone who's ever been in love, the lyrics have a strong emotional pull.
8) “I Love Taiwanese Girls” by MC Hot Dog (2006) (我爱台妹 by 張震嶽 )
If you are tired of sappy Chinese songs, this might be the right song for you. With a style that is reminiscent of Snoop Dogg, MC Hot Dog produced an instant club anthem with I Love Taiwanese Girls. The title of the song says it all really. And yes, that is a picture of MC Hot Dog throwing cash at you.
Being a rap song, there are a lot of words in a short span of time, so you will need a reasonably good grasp of Chinese to keep up. There's also a catchy chorus to sing along to.
One of the most famous Taiwanese Chinese pop singers of recent times, Teresa Teng tragically died in 1995 from a severe respiratory attack. But she left behind a wonderful body of folk songs and ballads. Sweet Honey Honey was one of her signature songs, and the title track of her eponymous album from 1979.
Sales were phenomenal and the song continues to touch the hearts of those who listen. The lyrics were written by Zhuang Nu who had never met Teng before composing the words. He had only seen her on television. Reportedly, he wrote the words for the pretty, sweet voiced singer he had seen on TV.
Classically trained Taiwanese singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Jay Chou was discovered in a talent competition in 1998. He has enjoyed a stellar career ever since his first album, titled Jay came out in 2000. Simple Love is one of his most famous and popular songs and featured on his second album, Fantasy. It's about declaring a simple and profound love for the object of his affections.
The Taiwanese-American singer-songwriter is beloved for his musical style, a crossover genre of R&B and hard rock tunes. The R&B influenced Just a Friend is from his award winning 1999 album I'm OK. The song has a sweet, infectious melody that can make the spine tingle. It speaks of his pain that the girl of his dreams only sees him as a friend not a lover. As he sings, “I can't just be your friend.” Just as an FYI, vocally, there are some very high parts to this song.
Another R&B classic, Cute Woman is a catchy song with some soulful touches that speak of Jay's desire for a beautiful woman (the lovely Taiwanese pop icon and actress Vivian Hsu – she also supplied the lyrics for this song). This a very smooth song with a very catchy and simple chorus.
This beautiful song was first sung by Chen Fen-lan in the early 1970s but was made famous a few years later by the late Teresa Teng. The sweetness of her voice was particularly suited to the emotional appeal of romantic ballads as can be heard on her perfect rendition of The Moon Represents My Heart. The song was once described as a “love song with a waltz-like lilt.” The lyrics speak of – what else – deep love and affection.
This is THE song that most people learn first while learning Chinese. The overall happy feeling and easy vocabulary probably make it a favorite for Chinese teachers. Hey Girl Look This Way was recorded and released in 1998.
Richie Ren enjoys an enormously successful career that takes in movies, films and television. The Taiwanese singer and actor is popular throughout Asia, particularly in Chinese speaking countries.
Zhou Huajian is a successful Hong Kong-born Taiwanese singer and actor who has released more than 40 albums in Cantonese, Mandarin and English. His musical career started way back in the 1980s.
Friends is a beautiful ballad with a soaring chorus that's bolstered by powerful backing vocals that make you want to wave a lighter and your arms in the air. This is THE song that people sing at the end of the night at KTV.
Other Resources for Learning Chinese Through Music
In case this isn't enough for you, here are some more excellent resources for learning Chinese through music:
24 Chinese Pop Songs That Will Make You Homesick: Great list of many modern classic Chinese KTV songs that we didn't have time to cover.
Why learning Chinese through music is underrated: Provides some great tips on finding good songs for learning Chinese, as well as recommendations of some songs I haven't heard before.
10 Classic KTV Songs: Classics which are a bit more “classic” and a bit less “modern” than the ones mentioned in our post. They also include Chinese lyrics, pinyin, and translations.
And One More Thing…
If you like learning Chinese with music, then I would be remiss not to tell you more about FluentU.
FluentU takes real-world videos like music videos, commercials, news, and inspiring talks and turns them into Chinese learning experiences. It naturally eases you into learning Chinese language. Native Chinese content comes within reach. You'll learn Chinese as it's spoken in real life.
FluentU has a diverse range of contemporary videos – like music videos (check out below the song “Let It Go” from the hit movie “Frozen”), dramas, TV shows, and TV commercials:
FluentU brings these native Chinese videos within reach via interactive captions. Tap on any Chinese word to instantly look it up. All definitions have carefully written examples that will help you understand how a word is used. Tap to add words you'd like to review to a vocab list.
And FluentU's learn mode turns every video into a language learning lesson. At any time, you can swipe left or right to see more examples for the word you're learning.
The most interesting part is that FluentU is always keeping track of your vocabulary. It suggests content and examples based on the words you're learning. You have a 100% personalized experience.
Start using FluentU on the website with your computer or tablet or, better yet, download the FluentU app from the iTunes or Google Play Store.
GETTY ISIS have used people trafficking to plug their falling incomes
Alessandro Pansa claimed it is “new business” for jihadis to be diversifying into people smuggling but has become increasingly commonplace after a fall in its traditional means of income. Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's twisted followers have been forced out of large areas of land which it seized in Syria and Iraq in 2014 and has seen a near collapse in income from oil smuggling.
ISIS has recently significantly retreated Alessandro Pansa
Jihadis have been plugging the gaps in its collapsing financial structure by smuggling desperate migrants into Europe, according to Alessandro Pansa. The Director General of the Department of Information Security for the Italian Council of Ministers claimed it is “new business” for ISIS to become embroiled with people smuggling. Pansa said: “ISIS has recently significantly retreated. Its sources of revenue, primarily smuggling oil products and antiquities, are at the edge of drying out.
GETTY Pansa said people smuggling is 'new business' for ISIS
"We think that terrorists are resorting to human trafficking as a new source of revenue.” Panda added that special “partnerships” between jihadis and “criminal” smuggling networks in Africa were blossoming and that the criminal organisations were fast becoming another cash cow from terrorists. Italy is one of the main countries where migrants illegally arrive into Europe, using the Central Mediterranean entry route.
Europe in Crisis Sun, February 5, 2017 Terrorism, migrants, and crippling debt: is this the end of Europe? Play slideshow 1 of 11
GETTY Pansa added that ISIS have retreated in recent months
Gov. Rick Scott of Florida saw opportunity in the Connecticut legislature's proposal to levy a tax on income from Yale University's enormous endowment. On Tuesday, the Republican issued a statement calling on the Ivy League institution to pick up stakes and move on down to sunny Florida.
“We would welcome a world-renowned university like Yale to our state and I can commit that we will not raise taxes on their endowment,” Governor Scott said, according to the Orlando Sentinel. “This would add yet another great university to our state.”
Connecticut lawmakers, facing a state budget shortfall, are mulling legislation that would tax Yale's investment income. The university has come out squarely against the proposal, calling it a “specific attack on higher education.”
Yale's $25.6-billion endowment has also been among the immense sums in the crosshairs of federal lawmakers. In February, two congressional committees sent requests to Yale and 55 other private colleges for more information about how they use their endowments. In their requests, the committees made reference to “the numerous tax preferences” from which the universities benefit.
The university's spokesman, Tom Conroy, responded to the governor's invitation in a statement to The Chronicle:
“It's wonderful to be recognized as an outstanding asset, but Yale, New Haven, and Connecticut have been on common ground to great mutual benefit for 300 years. We're looking forward to reaching even greater heights in education, research and civic engagement over the next three centuries and more.”
Americans United for Separation of Church and State today applauded a ruling that prohibits a church-owned preschool in Missouri from receiving a state grant to refurbish its playground.The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals found that Trinity Church of Columbia does not have a constitutional right to public funds. The church, which is affiliated with the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod, operates a Christian preschool on its grounds. It filed suit after the state Department of Natural Resources (DNR) rejected its application for a grant under a program that gives qualifying organizations tax money to purchase recycled tires for resurfacing playgrounds.The DNR informed Trinity Church that the Missouri Constitution expressly forbids churches and other religious organizations from receiving any form of state aid. It also bans the state from providing assistance to religious schools. Trinity Church argued that these constitutional provisions amounted to discrimination on the basis of religion, but the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Missouri rejected those arguments.Today's appeals court ruling upholds this earlier finding. Its decision notes that “[I]t is apparent that Trinity Church seeks an unprecedented ruling -- that a state constitution violates the First Amendment and the Equal Protection Clause if it bars the grant of public funds to a church.”“The court made the correct decision,” said Alex J. Luchenitser, Americans United's associate legal director. “Churches aren't entitled to tap the public purse to pay for their projects.”Added AU Legal Director Ayesha N. Khan, “Missouri's Constitution does not discriminate against churches. It merely ensures that state government doesn't spend taxpayer money on religion.”Americans United and the American Civil Liberties Union filed a friend-of-the-court brief in the case. The brief urged the appeals court to uphold the denial of the aid, saying in part, “In restricting the limited resources of its tire-mulch program to non-parochial schools, the State is merely obeying the requirements of the Missouri Constitution, and those dictates are plainly lawful under the U.S. Constitution.”The brief was prepared by attorneys Heather L. Weaver and Daniel Mach of the ACLU, with input from Luchenitser. The Becket Fund for Religious Liberty represented Trinity Church in the Trinity Lutheran Church of Columbia, Inc. v. Pauley case.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Governor Scott Walker says that, with his victory in Tuesday's recall election, he will “tell Wisconsin, tell our country, and we tell people all across the globe that voters really do want leaders who stand up and make the tough decisions…” Ad Policy
Actually, cutting taxes for CEOs and corporations and then balancing budgets on the backs of teachers, nurses and snowplow drivers isn't exactly tough work. Redistribution of the wealth upward is common to practice these days.
That said: Walker's right about the fact that his victory speaks to the state, the nation and the world.
But what does it say?
US Senator Bernie Sanders has a wiser assessment than Walker, who raised and spent the better part of $35 million to defend himself—and had another $15 million spent in his favor by so-called “independent” groups. The whole process, say Sanders, is “hugely scary stuff.”
“There is,” the senator says, “an aggressiveness out there among the ruling class of this country, among the billionaires who are saying: ‘You know what? Ya, we got a whole lot now, but we want even more. And we don't give a damn about the middle class. We don't care about working families. We want it all. And now we can buy it.' ”
Referring to Wisconsin as a “testing ground” for the no-limits campaign spending that has been ushered in by the US Supreme Court's Citizens United ruling, Sanders said, “I have a deep concern that what we saw in Wisconsin can happen in any state throughout this country and in the presidential election.”
“I think that people do not fully understand the disaster that Citizens United was,” Sanders said of the 5–4 US Supreme Court decision in radio conversation with Ed Schultz. “What that did is open the floodgates so that billionaires like the Koch brothers and others are now prepared to spend unbelievable sums of money to elect extreme right-wing candidates.”
Sanders is a leading supporter of amending the Constitution in order to assure that all Americans—not just billionaires and corporations—have a voice in American politics.
“Right now, we are moving toward an oligarchic type of society where big money not only controls the economy—they're going to have a very, very heavy say in who gets elected,” argues the independent senator from Vermont.
What Sanders describes is scary.
But, as he well notes, “grassroots Wisconsin” mustered 47 percent of the vote in opposition to the money power. And they gave the Democrats control of the state Senate, creating the first formal legislative check on Walker's governorship since his election.
“This is not the time to [throw your hands up in despair]. This is not the time to do that,” he adds. “This is the time to organize for the taking on all of this money.”
As usual, the gentleman from Vermont is right.
There is no point in getting scared.
It is time to get organized to address that which scares us: an assault on nothing less than the basic underpinnings of democracy.
Authorities in Oklahoma responded Monday morning to Coweta Intermediate High School after a ninth grade student reportedly committed suicide in a bathroom.
The school superintendent confirmed the reports, according to News On 6. A press conference is scheduled for this afternoon.
The school was placed on lockdown, according to KJRH.
All ninth grade students were sent to the high school gym for parents to pick them up.
Coweta is city of approximately 10,000 people located 25 miles southeast of Tulsa.
Jeff Holmes, Superintendent of Coweta Schools, sent out a phone alert to parents Monday morning, according to News On 6.
"I regret to inform you that we have a tragic incident at our intermediate high school today," Holmes said in the message. "All 9th grade students have been moved to the high school gymnasium where they will be able to be checked out from the northwest lobby by a parent at this time. All other schools will remain in session throughout today."
Fox23 reports that there was not an armed guard at the school, according to police.
UPDATE: At a 2 p.m. news conference, Holmes said the student died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. He did not release the student's name. Holmes would not speculate on what drove the student to commit suicide.
I would often say how worrying it was that Denis O'Brien had such control over the Irish media, writes Alison O'Connor
AS A political journalist, I talk to politicians, including senior ones. In recent years, I would often say how worrying it was that Denis O'Brien had such control over the Irish media, and the chilling, nay freezing, effect that had on reporting matters to do with him.
I would say to the politicians that I had never imagined, having worked in Irish media for so long, that we would have reached such a situation. I would speak of how remarkable it was that journalists were in such fear of one person. I would tell them of the experiences of colleagues who raised the issue of O'Brien's concentration of media ownership, or otherwise scrutinised his business affairs, only to be put through so many hoops by their legal department that, by the end of it, they would hardly know their own name, let alone get the names “Denis” and “O'Brien” mentioned in the one report. This is not good for democracy, I would say, feeling this was a rather dramatic statement to be making over coffee, but a true one, nonetheless.
In response, I would get feigned interest and a sort of “gosh really, do you think so” sort of answer. Or else it was a “what can you do?” shrug of the shoulders. It was hard not to conclude that as well as not having a single intention of doing anything, or of being afraid to act, the politicians and their aides were not at all unhappy with journalists being made so uncomfortable, regardless of the subject matter. “At least someone is able to put manners on you crowd” appeared to be the subtext.
Then, of course, there was always a general election around the corner and the awful prospect for a politician that if they upset someone so influential in the print and broadcast media, they could be made to pay.
RELATED: O'Brien uproar is a failure of courage, not a constitutional crisis
When journalists gets together socially, there is a hell of a lot of gossip bandied about. In my own social circle, this banter was often followed by a discussion on the latest development in the O'Brien situation.
There were the individual cases O'Brien took against journalists, which I wrote about here a few months ago. Prime Time reported, on Tuesday night, that from defamation to injunction proceedings, in the last 12 years Mr O'Brien has initiated 24 separate high court actions against media outlets and journalists, some of them repeatedly.
There were the absolute tangles that media managers would find themselves twisted into if one of their journalists was pursuing such a story.
I have a memory, from seven years ago or so, of suggesting to my then-editor, in a different newspaper, that Denis O'Brien was to be the subject of my column that week. I can't remember the exact detail of what I wanted to write, but I do remember his reaction. It was: “Oh, no” and a groan. When I asked if he was telling me not to do it, he said not at all, but that in doing so I would cause him no end of trouble. Even back then, the combined war of fear and attrition was a success. The sheer pugnacity of O'Brien's spokesman, James Morrissey, in his media performances, in recent days, gives a good indication of O'Brien's approach.
My friends and I would chat about what was happening at Independent Newspapers, how, for instance, the once-traditional structure of an independent, stand-alone editor of the Irish Independent, Sunday Independent, and Evening Herald had been replaced by an overall editor-in-chief. Perhaps it was just our paranoia to think it was a further centralising of control.
There were tales of “editorial charters” being introduced that would require journalists to get permission from the managing editor before they could write any stories critical of public figures. That sort of thing would soften your impudent, journalistic cough for you, all right.
We saw the name of one of the best-known journalists in the country, Sam Smyth, disappear from the pages of the Irish Independent, where his byline often appeared over stories on the Moriarty Tribunal. He also lost his Sunday morning show on Today FM. The fearless Vincent Browne has also been put through the wringer and, in 2012, he received a letter from O'Brien, in which he was told: “I am putting you on notice that if you continue to libel me … that I will be left with no other avenue but to sue you personally”. Browne replied that the threat was an abuse of money and power.
Another high-profile name is that of academic Elaine Byrne, a long-time critic, who received a legal letter in 2011, after she wrote an article in the Sunday Independent. The letter accused her of an appalling lack of objectivity and said her article was a “truly objectionable piece of journalism, strewn with factual inaccuracies and devoid of any balance or objectivity”.
This is not to suggest that any individual, no matter how rich, should not be allowed to protect their own good name. We have heard the vehement assertions from Mr O'Brien, as well as Alan Dukes and former IBRC chief executive, Mike Aynsely, that his dealings with the bank were above board.
The problem is that having appeared to treat media queries and inquiries with aggression over the past decade, there is an element of the boy who cried wolf for O'Brien in getting short shrift in terms of credibility.
RELATED: Government should now reflect on an independent review of IBRC deals
Three months ago, I wrote here of a speech that the Fianna Fáil leader, Micheál Martin, had given on media bias in Ireland.
“Perhaps the single greatest protection against bias is to have a diverse media and there's no way of escaping that our media landscape is becoming significantly less diverse,” he said.
“This matters a lot and it is not a comment directed at any particular entity. It doesn't matter how open or self-critical a society you have, media diversity is essential to protecting it.”
He found it amazing that, after four years in office, the Government's only policy on media diversity was to avoid having a policy.
The concentration of media power in relatively few hands, both in the public and private sectors, could have a potentially chilling effect, he stated. He outlined what journalists had been whispering to each other in recent years.
“Whether or not an owner or controller imposes their views directly, it is basic human nature that journalists will be influenced by how they perceive the interests of the people they work for, or feel they may one day need to work for. The only way of combating this bias is through media diversity.”
Reading that speech in February, it certainly did feel as if there was an elephant in the room that had not been named, and that was the increasingly powerful O'Brien media empire.
At the time, I inquired as to why the Fianna Fáil leader had kept it so general, and was told he simply wished to keep it that way. So, even the leader of the largest opposition party in the country, while willing to venture where other politicians dared not to, at that time, was fearful of naming names.
Well, Pandora's box has well and truly been opened now, and Micheál Martin has been at his absolute political best in standing up for press freedom. We can just hope that it will remain open.
MORE ANALYSIS AND OPINION HERE
A new document published by the IDF's chief of staff rebuts Netanyahu's attempts at consensus-building on the Iran nuclear threat.
The so-called Israeli consensus on the Iranian threat took another blow on Thursday after IDF Chief of Staff Gadi Eizenkot published a new document titled “IDF Strategy.” News on the document was published in Haaretz, describing Eizenkot's five-year plan for building up the army under financial restrictions, which includes plans for slashing budgets, re-allocating funds, and prospects for bringing other security agencies into the fray.
The document also lists the gravest threats presently facing the Israeli military: Islamic State, Hezbollah, and Hamas. And while Iran is mentioned as a supporter of Hezbollah and Hamas, not once is it deemed a “nuclear threat,” contradicting Netanyahu's claim that the Islamic Republic will continue advancing its goal of achieving a nuclear weapon, despite the Vienna deal.
On the very same day, senior political correspondent Alon Ben-David published an op-ed in the Ma'ariv daily [Hebrew], in which he claims that as Netanyahu plans to go head-to-head with President Obama, the army is breathing a little easier. According to Ben-David, the deal will buy the IDF time, at least on the Iranian front, and will “delay the Iranian nuclear threat by at least a decade, which will allow the IDF to spread and downgrade its investments in preparing for a military option against Iran.”
But aside from a few voices in the Israeli media, why are army officials refraining from speaking out in favor of the Obama deal? A recent op-ed by Haaretz‘s Amir Oren may hold the answer. According to Oren, there are people in the IDF Intelligence Corps, including those who work in the research division dealing with Iran who “have a very positive view of the nuclear agreement.” Their views, Oren writes, have reached the likes of Eisenkot and head of the Israel Defense Forces Intelligence Corps, Maj. Gen. Herzl Halevy, where they have been “swallowed up as if they had never existed.”
While the military echelon remains silent, a number of high-profile, former members of Israel's security establishment have already come out in favor of the deal. In a July interview with the Daily Beast, former Shin Bet head Ami Ayalon said “Israelis are failing to distinguish between reducing Iran's nuclear capability and Iran being the biggest devil in the Middle East.” Following the formulation of the framework agreement in Lausanne in April, former Mossad chief Ephraim Halevy praised the deal in an op-ed for Yedioth Ahrnonoth for forcing Iran to “agree to an invasive and unique monitoring regime, which is unparalleled around the world.”
NHK is conducting an online poll of the 100 best anime of all time in honor of the medium's centennial (100th anniversary). The TV program announcing the results is a long way away — May 3 — but the poll closes on March 31. NHK has released the preliminary results anyway to give fans an idea of what's doing well.
TIGER & BUNNY CARDCAPTOR SAKURA MR. OSOMATSU Puella Magi Madoka Magica Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion Love Live! School idol project (season 1) Neon Genesis Evangelion Joker Game Love Live! School idol project (season 2) Gintama Love Live! The School Idol Movie Mobile Suit Gundam Case Closed Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2 Is the order a rabbit? Psycho-Pass Haikyu!! Legend of the Galactic Heroes Revolutionary Girl Utena Attack on Titan
As the results indicate, older anime are not doing particularly well. Only five other anime from before 1990 are in the top 50: Lupin III: The Castle of Cagliostro (#21), Future Boy Conan (#22), Space Battleship Yamato (#25), Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind (#33), and Castle in the Sky (#50). While the top three slots are the same for female voters, among males nos. 4 through 6 take the top three slots.
Meanwhile, voting for the best anime songs of all time continues until February 10. The results will be announced on February 18 in a TV special, Countdown Live: Anison Best 100!. BS Premium will air another related program on February 8 called Creator-tachi no DNA ~Nippon Anime 100-nen Shi~ ("The DNA of Creators ~100 Years of Anime~"). This will focus on prominent creators of anime like Tatsuyuki Nagai (A Certain Scientific Railgun), Mamoru Oshii (Ghost in the Shell), Hiroshi Sasagawa (Time Bokan), Gisaburō Sugii (Night on the Galactic Railroad), Yoshiyuki Tomino (Mobile Suit Gundam) and Kazuya Tsurumaki (the Evangelion movies); they will explain anime history and why anime appeals to so much of the world. Sayuri Matsumura of Nogizaka46 will host.
If you're incensed by your favorite anime's conspicuous absence in the top 20, you can vote here (Japanese only). Note that only three votes can be cast per day, and the same anime can't be chosen twice.
Sources: NHK and Man Tan Web; Images from Naver Matome, The Christian Times and Osomatsu-san Sokuhō
The United States Men's National Team beat the pants off of Guatemala 4-0 tonight, avoiding the disaster scenario and setting themselves up to advance to the final round of CONCACAF World Cup Qualifying. But while the victory was comprehensive, there were plenty of worrying signs for the USMNT's future.
The USMNT Better Goddamn Beat Guatemala The United States Men's National Team is in danger of failing to qualify for the 2018 World Cup. If … Read more Read
Traditionally, the USMNT has had a strong and fast squad, but lacked the ball skills of nearly every one of their opponents. Jurgen Klinsmann was brought on board with a mandate to change this, to get the USMNT to play the attractive possession-based soccer currently in vogue, and to reform the development system to emphasize ball skills and practice, not size and competitions.
During Klinsmann's five years in charge, the USMNT has played an improved possession-based game against lesser opponents, while reverting to a 1980's England-style hoof-and-hope game against superior teams. Perhaps paradoxically, they've achieved some great results in friendlies against top-tier European competition, while struggling against in-theory lesser Central American and Caribbean opponents.
Lately, the knock on Klinsmann is his lineup choices, with critics compiling lists of all the times he has played somebody out of position. This jives with the stories of Klinsmann's previous coaching stops. With the German National Team, assistant Jogi Löw handled the tactics, and after Klinsmann was fired from Bayern Munich, his tactical acumen was savaged:
Plenty of others, though, were plain daft. Dabbling with a 3-5-2 system, picking an assistant manager without Bundesliga experience, yoga classes for the players, Landon Donovan … “His concept convinced us – on paper,” said Hoeness pointedly. Minutes before kick-off players still did not know whether they were supposed to play a pressing game. After very vocal off- and on-the-record criticism of tactics that were seen as too attacking by key squad members, Klinsmann relented in February. The numbers improved slightly but his credibility was damaged irreparably.
Advertisement
Klinsmann was hired for both of those positions on his strength as a visionary, and it might make more sense for him to be Technical Director of U.S. Soccer, with somebody else in charge of coaching the USMNT and devising tactics to win a raucous Central American qualifier. But pinning the the USMNT's recent woes on Klinsmann—or defending his tenure—misses the larger point, which was on full display for the victory over Guatemala: the USMNT doesn't have much talent.
That's not something you'd normally say after a 4-0 victory, but let's take a closer look at those four goals:
1-0: After a ball is hoofed forward and Gyasi Zardes collides into two Guatemalan defenders, the ball bounces helpfully off of Zardes's back in front of Clint Dempsey
2-0: Guatemala submits the most shambolic imitation of set piece defending you will ever see
3-0: Zardes's first touch is so terribly leaden that it is actually amazing, winning his second 100 percent unintentional assist of the night
4-0: Dempsey lollygags and completely blows a one-on-one with the keeper, only to accidentally dribble the ball into Jozy Altidore's shot
Advertisement
Or howabout Dempsey failing to find a shot or pass after being played in following a nice Zardes run, or Bobby Wood handling a good pass, seeing it go uncalled, and still not even getting a shot or pass off six-yards from goal. The United States scored a bushel of goals and had even more chances, but rarely did those chances emanate from quality soccer, but rather from being the first to capitalize on blown chances.
Two years into the qualifying cycle, the USMNT would ideally be gelling around the stalwarts who will be leading the 2018 World Cup squad. And maybe they are, but if so those stalwarts will be the same stalwarts from the 2014 World Cup, players on the wrong side of their prime like Dempsey, Graham Zusi, Geoff Cameron, and Kyle Beckerman.
Facing a must-win game, playing the veterans was absolutely the right decision. But the reason it was the right decision is because the USMNT is dreadfully bare of 22-to-28 year old talent. I mean, in the Year of Our Lord Two A Thousand Sixteen, Edgar Castillo started a must-win game for the United States Men's National Team. There was no striker available better than Bobby Wood. Kyle Beckerman was mostly seen chasing after much faster players.
Advertisement
When Klinsmann was brought aboard in 2011, I was one of those who bought into his pie-in-the-sky talk of a soccer revolution, which in retrospect was quite silly. The USMNT is as it has always been, regionally good but bereft of anything even imitating world class talent, relying upon a bunch of mediocre and unprepared players. Klinsmann has failed to change the status quo to match his rhetoric, but the fault there lies in the expectations he set, not the job he has done.
The cogs are in motion for the elBulli movie "inspired by" Lisa Abend's book The Sorcerer's Apprentices. According to Deadline, Vendome Pictures' Philippe Rousselet will produce; Rousselet produced 2011's Jake Gyllenhaal-helmed thriller Source Code as well as 2012's more culinary French film Haute Cuisine. David Wilson (The Man from U.N.C.L.E.) will write the script.
The movie will cover the last year of Ferran Adrià's legendary Spanish restaurant and will be called, appropriately enough, El Bulli. Expect: lots of food porn, lots of stressed out stagiaires, a fake romantic subplot. Maybe? No word on when the thing will begin filming or who is attached to star in it. Fantasy casting for Ferran Adrià in the comments below, please.
UPDATE: And there's a press release:
Los Angeles, CA February 13, 2013 – Vendome Pictures announced today that it has come on board to produce and finance EL BULLI, a fictionalized dramatic feature film based on world-famous Spanish chef Ferran Adrià and the restaurant he built into the world's foremost gastronomic mecca, elBulli. David Wilson wrote the screenplay which is inspired by Lisa Abend's book The Sorcerer's Apprentices: A Season in the Kitchen at Ferran Adrià's elBulli.
Vendome Pictures' CEO Philippe Rousselet will produce the project along with Jeff Kleeman and John Lesher. Vendome is currently seeking a director with plans to commence production this year.
Rousselet stated, "We are excited to be a part of this film and to work with an innovator like Ferran who has revolutionized cuisine by creating his own genre of food. We look forward to attaching a director to this film that will be able to capture the adventure of training in this iconic restaurant."
"Honesty, passion, creativity, freedom, risk, and sharing. This is the spirit of elBulli and this film is a tribute to the 2,000 individuals who passed through the restaurant during its 25 years who participated in creating this spirit," said Adrià.
Set in the final year of the iconic restaurant located 100 miles north of Barcelona, the film will mix fact with fiction and offer an inside-the-kitchen look at the intense passion, creativity and tedious work unfolding nightly. Adrià abruptly closed this mecca in 2011 at the height of its popularity, triggering global mourning in the gastronomic community. At that time, elBulli was fielding 2 million reservation requests a year, but could only serve about 8,000 guests.
In 2014, elBulli will re-open as the elBullifoundation, a center dedicated to culinary creativity and innovation. Located on the site of the restaurant, the foundation will be housed in a new campus that is both architecturally striking, and energy sustainable. While it will preserve elBulli's historic archive, the foundation will also focus on experimentation, treating cooking as a language through which new ideas can be expressed. One of its first projects is Bullipedia, an encyclopedia of cuisine in which Adrià and his collaborators will trace the DNA of cooking and organize collective knowledge about products, techniques, preparations, and concepts.
In her book The Sorcerer's Apprentices: A Season in the Kitchen at Ferran Adrià's elBulli, Abend spent the 2009 six-month season at elBulli showcasing the interpersonal drama behind elBulli's notoriously rigorous kitchen training program. Each year, 32 accomplished young chefs – culled from 3,000 hopefuls from around the world – would pay their own way to get to elBulli's remote Costa Brava location just to work as stagiares (translation: "kitchen apprentices"). In Adrià's kitchen, they were pushed to their competitive limits in a 14-hour-a-day Darwinian process designed to sift out the chefs capable of working in a restaurant voted the world's best five times, spearheaded by a celebrity chef who has three Michelin stars and who has appeared in almost every major publication on the planet.
Wilson's most recently adapted THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E. for Warner Bros
Vendome's President of Production, Guy Stodel, and Vice President of Production and Development, Sarah Schweitzman, will oversee the project on behalf of Vendome.
Wilson is represented by Field Entertainment and The Gersh Agency.
Take a peek at these amazing pictures and then go ahead and let that draw drop –
the way that this guy balances rocks is simply amazing!
Michael Grab has definitely mastered the art of stone balancing, as you can see from the assortment of photos of his works listed here.
But, if you want to take an even closer look at what Grab does,
you can head on over to his very appropriately named website, Gravity Glue, for even more photos, information, and videos.
Although, considering how amazing this balancing feat is, I'm sure you're more eager to know his secret.
Luckily, he doesn't mind sharing it with the world.
According to Grab, it's all about the indentations. He explains in further detail…
“The most fundamental element of balancing in a physical sense is finding some kind of ‘tripod' for the rock to stand on. Every rock is covered in a variety of tiny to large indentations that can act as a tripod for the rock to stand upright, or in most orientations you can think of with other rocks.
By paying close attention to the feeling of the rocks, you will start to feel even the smallest clicks as the notches of the rocks in contact are moving over one another. In the finer point balances, these clicks can be felt on a scale smaller than millimeters.
Some point balances will give the illusion of weightlessness as the rocks look to be barely touching. Parallel to the physical element of finding tripods, the most fundamental non-physical element is harder to explain through words. In a nutshell, i am referring to meditation, or finding a zero point or silence within yourself. Some balances can apply significant pressure on your mind and your patience. The challenge is overcoming any doubt that may arise.”
Clearly though, rock balancing is easier said than done, and the structures that Grab creates over and over again are an amazing feat. However, while you may think that the actual act of balancing the rocks is the most difficult part of the practice, Grab discloses that overcoming physical and mental barriers can be the most challenging aspect instead.
According to him, after balancing rocks for a given period of time, the body tends to both mentally and physically want you to stop. So, how does Grab overcome the discomfort? He recommends to “lean into the pain” and just keep going. Plus, rock balancing can be a great way to relax, the streaming water sounds and intense focus creating a meditative state.
Grab definitely has a talent for the art form, which is easy to tell from all the fantastic structures he's built. Apparently, he got started a few years ago when hanging out with a friend at a creek one day.
They became bored, talked about rock piles, and decide to try to create some themselves. Impressively, after only a few hours, Grab had balanced several rock structures and decided to keep making them. Today, he's even more practiced and seems to understand rocks inside and out, with an inept sense of knowing just what type of rock he needs for every situation. He states…
“I'll look at various shapes, depending on kind of how I want the balance to go, and a lot of times the rock I will find and actually bring or collect and use is one that I know can balance. Like before I even put it next to the stack, I'll just find some kind of small notch that I'm absolutely sure will balance.”
Given all the positive aspects of rock balancing, it's certainly something that others could benefit from trying as well. It's a great way to relax, get in touch with natural surroundings, reduce stress, be creative, and have fun. Plus, the only thing you need to do is put one rock on top of the other.
Question of the Day:
Could you balance rocks like Michael?
Let us know in the comments below!
Getting out of the house is often hampered by the fact that most houses are located inside a bigger and fancier house. Step outside of the house outside of your house with today's deal for a reserved-seating ticket to one of four outdoor performances at the Ravinia Festival's Pavilion in Highland Park. Gates open at 5 p.m. for each performance. Choose from the following options:
The internationally renowned Chicago Symphony Orchestra takes its mighty sound into the great outdoors for a series of concerts at the Ravinia Festival's open-air pavilion. On August 18 and 19, the symphony will perform the Oscar-winning score to Peter Jackson's adaptation of Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, which will be screened on a giant piece of toast on the venue's lawn. Violins swoon and timpani bellow as eyes follow hobbit heroes through the dramatic landscapes of Middle Earth. Voices from the Lakeside Singers and Chicago Children's Choir will swathe climactic scenes in ethereal splendor, summoning goose bumps and angel halos that double as glowsticks. Fans who arrive early (6:45 p.m.) can stop by Ravinia Gifts to meet Doug Adams, author of The Music of The Lord of the Rings, or search for elven enclaves in mountains of Carousel ice cream.
On September 9–10, Momix: Botanica will toss pavilion visitors into a vortex of visual illusions and nature-themed dance parables. Guests can marvel as performers channel the artistic energy of theatrical-movement troupes such as Pilobolus, then use that energy to forge surreal expressions of beauty and recharge spent computer batteries.
Founded as an amusement park to lure riders to the Chicago and Milwaukee Electric Railroad, Ravinia has entertained thousands of fun-seekers since 1904. As one of the oldest outdoor music events in North America, the Ravinia Festival has welcomed numerous luminaries to its stages, including jazz legend Louis Armstrong, opera star Luciano Pavarotti, and Herbert Hoover's dancing bear, Fruffy.
5 Reasons Why Evolve is the Game You NEED in 2015
If you missed out on Evolve's “Big Alpha” test a few months ago, you might be scouring the web looking for previews and gameplay of Turtle Rock's new co-op game and wondering: “do I want this game?”
No, you don't. You NEED this game. Here are five reasons why.
5. A breath of fresh air
You might be thinking “looks just like every other FPS” but it is the central concept of Evolve – its 4v1 gameplay – that sets it apart from other shooters. Co-Op these days is often played out over hours of story (a la Destiny or Borderlands) or frantic death matches (Call of Duty or Battlefield). Evolve mashes the teamwork of the former into a very different style of death match from the latter.
Much like the developers' previous hit Left 4 Dead, the game thrives on cooperation. If you stray from your team-mates, you'll almost certainly die. As the monster the feeling of trying to outwit four other players is nothing you've experienced before. Imagine being the alien from Predator, except 20-feet tall. That comes close. Evolve thinks outside the box in an industry that needs shaking up.
4. Choices, choices, choices
Though the four classes in Evolve might seem familiar at first, there is a deceptive amount of depth to them. Each class will have a number of different characters to choose from. For example, the Medic (a fairly standard class you might think) can be split between the support and healing-based Val and the buff and damage-dealing Lazarus. Being able to mix and match within the class itself creates a wide variety of play styles for the team of hunters.
Even as the monster you're given a wide variety of tactical choices to make. Will you configure your Goliath to be a wrecking ball of rage and flame, or perhaps to take a stealthier approach, picking hunters off one by one with thrown boulders and lethal pounces? Will your Kraken hide in the shadows, slowly evolving to level three? Or will you put all your points in its long-range lightning attacks and fry the hunters in an ambush?
3. Horror without the horror game
There were times while playing Evolve that I felt truly hunted. Though many of its matches end rather quickly when an inexperienced monster is quickly overwhelmed, once you come up against a confident player things can quickly change. The environments you're dumped into in Evolve are (forgive the pun) monstrous, leading to you subconsciously sticking close to your team for protection.This makes it all the more jarring when one of your teammates are snatched away and dispatched, too quick for you to even know where the monster had gone. It's not just the monster, too. The planet's animals and even plant-life are all out to get you and there are many creatures besides the one you hunt that can easily kill you if you're alone.
The tables can turn very quickly. In one game I played during the alpha we were set upon by a level 1 Kraken as soon as we landed. The monster had set up mines and waited for us – unleashing attacks and splitting us up before we had a chance to orientate ourselves. Even when losing so thoroughly (and quickly) I was thrilled – the game had engineered something completely unexpected.
2. 100 ways to die
When the Big Alpha finished many were questioning the game modes and monsters. Was “hunt” mode enough to justify a $60 or £40 purchase? Though I emphatically said “yes”, many did not. Now four new modes have joined the roster of gameplay. Nest and Rescue are objective-based, for those who prefer more structure to their monster hunting, while Defend demonstrates a more MOBA-style of play. Evacuation takes a leaf from Left 4 Dead's book and asks hunters to escape an area before the monster devours them.
Monsters, too, will come in a variety of flavours. We already know about the aggressive Goliath and the sneaky Kraken from the Alpha, now the hulking yet-to-be-named fourth monster and the leaked Wraith have joined the team. It means that, as the hunters, identifying the monster and creating a strategy is paramount. As the monster, it creates a world of deadly customisation.
1. True teamwork
What games do you think of when I say the word “teamwork”? Battlefield? Counter-Strike? Team Fortress 2? Most of those games have their heart in the right place but devolve into one-man kill-to-death quests more often than not. The emphasis in most FPS games these days is on the guns, yet Evolve, though equipping all the characters with them, doesn't rely on them. They're not boomsticks to pepper your enemies with; they're skills to aid your teammates.
Together a team of hunters can really mess up a monster's day. Divided they're little more than appetisers. Few times have I played a game where mic silence reigned – little jokes and updates here and there but mainly the heavy silence of four gamers concentrating with all their worth. That concentration and focus can give a real adrenaline rush when together you manage to trap a monster and bring it down. I haven't felt that same emotion since playing as a team of special infected in Left 4 Dead, some five years ago. It's about time a game like Evolve brought it back.
You can check out our Evolve preview here.
An official Chinese Twitter account ascribes its sudden adoption of more informal, surfer-inflected language to Chinese Premier Li Keqiang. (Jason Lee/AFP)
Is this for real?
When it comes to social media in China, it can be hard to tell. The ruling Communist Party blocks Facebook and Twitter, but also uses both platforms in a bid to bolster the country's soft power abroad.
Between party-controlled media and government accounts, the tone of their English-language offerings ranges from earnest too awkward to oddly sexual. And this week, things took a turn for the surreal — and surfer.
On May 28, a Twitter account purporting to represent China's State Council Information Office, a real government body, went off-script, asking an account called @Tibetans, "Have u ever been to Tibet bro?"
@Tibetans Have u ever been to Tibet bro? — China SCIO (@chinascio) May 28, 2016
The tone of the tweet is so strikingly at odds with the Communist Party's turgid pronouncements that China-watchers were at a loss. When scholar Tricia Kehoe asked the State Council Information Office if the Twitter account (@chinascio) was real, the office replied that it was just "trying to fit in," adding an "LOL" for good measure.
@triciamkehoe Trying to fit in here, if we use harsh words someone would say that "we are making threats here" LOL — China SCIO (@chinascio) June 1, 2016
The replies to its tweets kept coming, prompting heated — and seemingly earnest — responses from @chinascio, which vigorously defended China's Tibet policy using words such as "dude" and "love" to the point that @GreatFire.org, a group that fights Chinese government censorship, tweeted, "go home State Council Information Office, you're drunk."
go home State Council Information Office, you're drunk pic.twitter.com/VgMv9i0zoz — GreatFire.org (@GreatFireChina) May 31, 2016
Intrigued about the tweeters' identity, CNN's James Griffiths sent them some questions on Twitter. "We want to make China's voice heard," they said.
Asked by The Post about its recent tweets, someone at @chinascio said, via Twitter direct message, that the tone was set by Premier Li Keqiang at a recent meeting of the Asia News Network, and sent a link.
And their use of language, like "LOL and "Bro"? "We used LOL long before," the person replied.
It is still not clear whether the account represents the actual State Council Information Office or its views or if it's gone dramatically off-script. The SCIO's website links to the Twitter account. But, reached by phone, the office would not comment on the account, saying it needed a faxed request for comment. (No reply yet.)
The person fielding interview requests at @chinascio seemed resigned to the fact that people will wonder whether the office is trolling. "We understand the skepticism, and we will not try to convince people," the person wrote.
"The believers will believe."
Even though I'm still supporting Bandai Namco's The Idolmaster series so it can eventually join the Nintendo Switch lineup, I do have a soft spot towards the Love Live game franchise from ASCII Media Works, KLab, and Bushiroad. I did want to join the Love Live bandwagon for sometime, to tell the truth, even after many attempts of trying to escape Love Live hell. But now here comes a really good question... despite that Love Live is a multimedia series with its own anime adaptations, singles, concerts, and more, can it join Nintendo Switch due to its intense popularity in Japan, and even in the West? To help, here comes a list of reasons why I believe Love Live should work for the Nintendo Switch.
- A game for the Nintendo Switch would have to bring all 27 idols from μ's , Aqours, and PERFECT Dream Project together. Even if it was a high-definition Nintendo Switch port of the upcoming 2018 smartphone game, Love Live School Idol Festival ALL-STARS. Or at least μ's and Aqours. SIF ~after school ACTIVITY too can even get the Switch treatment, if possible. Sure there can be Story Mode campaigns. It would have to be an eShop-exclusive game for us to pay first before playing, pretty much like almost any other Nintendo Switch game. For a good cheap price for those who want to dive into the Love Live series, it would have to range from $4.99 (5000 Yen) to $19.99 (20000 Yen). There can also be free DLC containing new songs and costumes from the series.
- Just like the international releases of Love Live School Idol Festival, all voices should be left Japanese for a Nintendo Switch game. All that's left to translate are subtitles depending on languages.
- In the main rhythm game, for each song, rather than using nine touch buttons like you did previously for certain Love Live games, this time, for a Love Live game/port for Nintendo Switch, you should only have four actual buttons to press in tune: A, B, X, and Y; suitable for newcomers and veterans to rhythm games alike, regardless of difficulty levels. Even if you were playing the Nintendo Switch in either handheld mode, or tabletop mode for that matter, you're still pressing said four buttons in order to keep the Switch's touchscreen from being permanently scratched. You can use any controller you'd like for your desire during songs, as long as they're compatible with the Nintendo Switch. Some primary examples include:
Joy-Con (Even in handheld mode or on the Joy-Con Grip)
Nintendo Switch Pro Controller
Pokkén Tournament Pro Pad (Thanks to wired USB controller support)
Nintendo GameCube Controller (Via the GameCube Controller Adapter as of the Switch's 4.0.0 update)
- Special Love Live editions of a Nintendo Switch-compatible controller if the game actually does extremely well. Would you like special μ's Pink, Aqours Blue, and PERFECT Dream Orange editions of either the Joy-Con or the Nintendo Switch Pro Controller? Which would you go for?
- Well, this one could be obvious, but, if actually possible at all, a series of Love Live amiibo. Everyone in the community would just explode wanting those. The best place for Love Live to start are with the nine girls from μ's . Which amiibo would you go for the most? Each amiibo you tap in for a Love Live Switch game will unlock new songs and content! What's best is, you can even get those new unlockable songs and content without even needing to collect the amiibo themselves!
- A possibility in a future Nintendo Switch update where, what if we received 27 new profile icons with each of the girls from μ's , Aqours, and PERFECT Dream Project? That way, if you have the best girl from Love Live, then you can use that particular idol as your profile picture in the HOME Menu!
And so leaves the big question, can Love Live have what it takes to be on Nintendo Switch? It would be nice to have more music/rhythm games on the console itself however. I want to support Love Live in whole, with not just the anime in general, but all the songs I want to hear as I'm playing in tune!
What do you think?
I recently interviewed Jeff Halper about his excellent new book, War Against the People, which examines the way Israel has crafted an indispensable role for itself doing what Halper calls “niche-filling” in the “war on terror”.
Put in the simplest terms, Halper's argument is that Israel develops, refines and tests things – weapons, missile interception systems, surveillance, crowd control, biometric data collection, new interpretations of international law – using the Palestinians as guinea pigs. The occupied territories are test beds, demonstrating how well such “innovations” work in the field. That knowledge and experience can then be sold on to other international players, including, of course, the biggest: the United States.
Craig Murray, a former British ambassador (one who went rogue, from the British government's point of view) has a very interesting post about the latest efforts of David Cameron's government to justify the extra-judicial murder of two Britons in Syria over the summer by claiming that such actions accord with international law. The US began doing similar things in the Middle East to its citizens, also using drones, a few years earlier.
Israel, of course, led the way decades ago on this kind of murder from the skies, before most people had heard of drones. Israel refers to these murders as “targeted assassinations”, and has spent the intervening period trying to persuade the world that they are legal in international law.
I have been covering the Israel-Palestine conflict long enough to remember a time when no one took that argument seriously. In fact, Israel was regularly castigated by the US and others for carrying out such attacks, perhaps most famously in 2002 when it dropped a one-tonne bomb on a residential neighbourhood of Gaza, killing at least 10 children as they slept, as it “targeted” Hamas leader Salah Shehadeh.
Then 9/11 happened and the US, backed by the UK, launched its endless “war on terror”. Usefully, Israel had been there long before and had a blueprint for how to conduct such a sustained offensive. After all, it had been waging its own war on terror – aka an illegal, belligerent occupation – against the Palestinians for decades.
It is worth bearing all this in mind as you read Murray's piece (and I recommend you do) on the execution of the two Britons in Syria. I don't know what drones were used by the UK but there has to be a good chance they were made by Israel. Britain is the biggest importer of drones in the world, and most of them come from Israel – in fact, 55 were bought by the UK between 2010 and 2014. But Israel's role in this is about much more than the hardware, as Murray's post illustrates.
What did Tony Blair and Jack Straw do back in 2003 when they needed to support the US in its illegal attack and invasion of Iraq? Unfortunately for them, international law is clear about such attacks, just as it is about extra-judicial murder on foreign soil. An unprovoked attack on another state – one that is not in self-defence from an imminent and credible threat – is a war crime. In fact, it is worse than that: it is defined as “the supreme war crime”.
That is the advice Blair and Straw received when they tried to get their in-house lawyers to sanction the attack.
So what did they do? They brought in an outside expert. They turned to Daniel Bethlehem, a lawyer beloved of Israeli prime ministers Ariel Sharon and Benjamin Netanyahu, as well as the Israeli army. He had spent many years advising the Israeli military as it tried to develop new legal principles that justify states using massive firepower that kills chiefly civilians. That nonchalance you see from Israeli officials every time Israel murders hundreds of children in Gaza relies on the legal sophistry provided by rent-an-excuse lawyers like Bethlehem.
Israel and its enablers have tried to create a loophole in international law, arguing that an “imminent” threat exists – whether from a country like Iraq or two blokes with guns in Syria – and justifies self-defence even if the country has no weapons that pose a credible threat or the people killed aren't involved in an attack on the aggressor state, imminent or not.
This is exactly the kind of tough, thankless work Israel has been doing that, in our age of permanent “war on terror”, is highly marketable. States buy weapons systems and they pay people like Bethlehem big bucks to put their names to bits of paper spouting nonsense about international law.
But most of all, as Halper argues, this kind of usefulness is not paid for in hard currency. It buys good will. Lots of it. Which is why you won't see the British or US governments making life hard for Israel soon, however much their own publics may be outraged by Israel's behaviour.
www.craigmurray.org.uk/archives/2015/09/exclusive-i-can-reveal-the-legal-advice-on-drone-strikes-and-how-the-establishment-works
Nationalisation threat to banks: Government considers 'nuclear option' BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The Government is using the threat of a wholesale nationalisation of banks in an attempt to force institutions to lend billions to small companies struggling to survive as Britain slips into recession. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/nationalisation-threat-to-banks-government-considers-nuclear-option-28455383.html
Email
The Government is using the threat of a wholesale nationalisation of banks in an attempt to force institutions to lend billions to small companies struggling to survive as Britain slips into recession.
Downing Street yesterday made plain its fury over high street banks which refuse to use the massive injection of taxpayers' money they have received to come to the rescue of businesses hit by the credit crisis. Lenders have also faced criticism over interest rates charged to homeowners and for stepping up repossessions.
Meanwhile, Gordon Brown dismissed suggestions that he should take advantage of his reviving popularity by calling a June general election, insisting he was fully focused on steering Britain out of the downturn, starting with Monday's pre-Budget report.
It will spell out plans for tax cuts and assistance for the country's 4.7 million small firms. The aid will be funded by increases in government borrowing, which is on course to exceed £100bn next year. Alistair Darling, the Chancellor, will also announce that taxes will have to rise in the medium term to reduce the national debt. The financial stimulus package is designed to breathe new life into the economy but Mr Darling fears the behaviour of the banks could undermine the moves.
He is expected to announce controlson the interest rates charged on small business loans, as well as measures to stem the rising tide of repossessions.
Ministers are irritated that banks the Treasury bailed out are dragging their feet over passing on the money. The Treasury took stakes in HBOS, Lloyds TSB and Royal Bank of Scotland in return for £37bn of public funds. The banks promised to return lending to last year's levels. John McFall, the chairman of the Treasury select committee and an ally of Mr Brown and Mr Darling, raised the prospect of state control, saying: "If the banks do not play ball, and will not resume lending, then the demand for full-scale nationalisation may well grow."
No 10 refused to rule out such a step, regarded by officials as the "nuclear option". Mr Brown's spokesman said: "In these circumstances, of course we have got to look at all the options. But we want to work constructively with the banks to ensure they fulfil the commitments they have entered into."
Asked a second time about full nationalisation, he replied: "It would clearly be foolish for anybody to rule out specific options at this stage."The Government has made little effort to disguise its frustration at the behaviour of banks towards small businesses and mortgage-payers.
Mr Darling is preparing to use his pre-Budget report firing a shot across their bows with tough demands on lending. He is not expected to impose further legal sanctions on banks, such as the appointment of a powerful watchdog to monitor lending rates, but officials want to keep options in reserve if the banks fail to respond.
As figures from the Council of Mortgage Lenders showed a 12 per cent increase in house repossessions in the third quarter, Mr Brown signalled further help was on the way for families at risk of losing their homes. He acknowledged that Northern Rock, which is already in public hands, was among the worst offenders. "We have been talking to Northern Rock about its practices and I think you will see some changes ... very soon," he said.
Mr Brown dismissed suggestions he could call a general election on 4 June, to coincide with European and local elections, if Labour's recovery in the polls is sustained into next spring. "My undivided attention is on the economy, I'm not thinking about anything else, it's 100 per cent of my attention and you just discount all these stories. I'm actually not thinking about anything related to internal politics."
Angela Knight, the chief executive of the British Bankers' Association, insisted that lending to small firms was at the same level as last year.
Meanwhile, Honda said that production would halt at its Swindon plant for two months, but none of its 4,800 workers would be laid off.
Belfast Telegraph
This is a small scale model of Hogwarts castle from the Harry Potter film series. I modeled this after the large model at Warner Bros. Leavesden Studios. This model resembles how Hogwarts looked in the 6th, 7th (although it wasn't actually seen here), and 8th movies. The model does lack the long bridge that appeared in the 8th movie, as I chose not to include it. This is due to the fact that there is no landmass for the bridge to connect to on this model, and the model would have to be much larger for me to include that part of the shoreline.
This model has all the features of the castle, as well some other structures that are on the Hogwarts grounds. These are the quidditch grounds, Hagrid's hut, the owlery, the forbidden forest, the whomping willow, the pond in the forbidden forest where Harry conjured a patronus, and the boat house.
I started working on this model a few weeks ago. With the new Fantastic Beasts movie that was about to be released, my family decided to rewatch the original Harry Potter movies. While watching them I decided that it would be cool to have an accurate Lego model of Hogwarts. I found that I didn't have enough pieces in my collection to build a model that looked as good as I wanted it to, so I downloaded Lego Digital Designer and started working there. It took about two weeks to complete (although I am still changing things as I find better ways to build them).
For those of you who want to look closer at this model, you can download the .lxf file here:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BwbI--_YQcYYRmZ5THJWTEpSbWM/view?usp=sharing
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The family of Andrew Getty confirmed that he had died
Andrew Getty, the grandson of J Paul Getty and one of the heirs to the family fortune, has been found dead at home, his parents have confirmed.
Mr Getty, 47, was found dead in the bathroom of his Hollywood Hills residence on Tuesday afternoon.
The Los Angeles coroner's office said initial reports suggested natural causes or an accident was to blame.
A statement from Ann and Gordon Getty confirmed that Andrew, one of their four sons, had died.
His oil baron grandfather died in 1976. Industrialist J Paul Getty founded the Getty Oil Company and was once named the richest living American by Fortune magazine.
'Doctor's appointment'
Jack Richter of the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) told reporters that officers went to the home shortly after 14:15 local time (22:15 GMT) on Tuesday.
They found the body in the bathroom and interviewed a woman who was present.
Image copyright AP Image caption J Paul Getty in 1975. He was once named the richest living American by Fortune magazine
The woman, who has not been identified and is not under arrest, had called officers to report that someone had died at the gated home on Montcalm Avenue.
Los Angeles County coroner's assistant chief Ed Winter told local media that medication had been found at the scene.
"The tentative information that we do have is that he was not feeling good for the last couple of months and he supposedly had an appointment tomorrow with a personal physician," Mr Winter said.
"He had some medication that we recovered and don't know if he had taken the medication or what his medical history is. We do have a doctor's name that we're also going to follow up."
He said toxicology tests could take a number of weeks.
The LA Times quoted one law enforcement source as saying Mr Getty had suffered a blunt-force trauma but it was unclear how the injury had been caused.
LAPD spokesman Commander Andrew Smith said: "At first glance, it does not appear to be a criminal type of act. But that could change."
Donald Trump has the worst favorability rating in the GOP presidential field among Hispanic voters, according to a Washington Post-Univision News poll released Thursday.
The survey found 17 percent of Hispanic voters surveyed said they had a favorable opinion of the billionaire businessman, but more than 80 percent reported an unfavorable view of him.
In hypothetical general election matchups between Trump, John Kasich, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, all Republicans fare poorly among Hispanics, but Trump performs the worst. The poll found he would lose the Hispanic vote to Clinton 73 percent to 16 percent.
Nearly three-quarters of the Hispanic voters polled said they are very likely to vote in their state's primary or caucus, with 61 percent saying they would participate in the Democratic contests and only 20 percent saying they would participate in the GOP contests. Nineteen percent said they don't know which one they would choose.
Rubio polls best in the Republican field among Hispanic voters leaning Republican, with 34 percent saying they support the Florida senator. In spite of the high number of Hispanic voters who view Trump unfavorably, he still has 22 percent support, virtually tied with Cruz, who polls at 21 percent. Four percent support Ben Carson and 3 percent support Kasich.
A majority of Hispanic voters leaning Democratic, on the other hand, would support Clinton and 28 percent said they'd back Sanders.
As for the general election, more than half of Hispanics polled said they would definitely support the Democratic nominee while only 14 percent said they would definitely support the Republican nominee. Nearly a third said they are unsure at this point.
Asked if a candidate wanted to continue President Obama's policy on deportation enforcement for undocumented immigrants, 17 percent said they would be more likely to vote for that person, 48 percent said they would be less likely to vote for him or her, 29 percent said it wouldn't matter and 6 percent said they don't know.
The poll surveyed 1,200 voters in the U.S. between Feb. 11 and 18 with a 3 percentage point margin of error.
With very little fanfare or ceremony, a further three countries have lost their local Watchtower branches, as the organization continues to quietly downsize operations.
Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania have all been stripped of their branch status. Elders in those countries must now report to the branch in Finland for any matters that cannot be dealt with locally by the congregation.
It is only a year or so since similar “consolidations” were implemented on the other side of the Baltic, when Sweden and Norway were brought under the jurisdiction of the newly formed “Scandinavian Branch” in Denmark.
And 2011 saw the closure of branches in New Zealand and Ireland, not to mention a radical shake-up in Latin America as no less than six branches were axed. Bethelites from those countries were either sent home or reassigned as the Mexico Branch took control of the region. The reason? Because “technology has simplified the work,” and because former bethelites need to “spend more time preaching” – according to the recent JW.org article on branch “consolidation.”
Of the above six now-closed branches in yellow, the most recently dedicated branches were Nicaragua and Panama, which received dedication ceremonies to herald the construction of new facilities in 2004 and 2005 respectively. Little did the brothers know when Samuel Herd came and gave both dedication talks that the branch offices would be redundant within a decade.
And regarding the El Salvador branch, the 1990 Yearbook gave this glowingly-optimistic account of its 1988 dedication ceremony…
“‘Hail the Theocracy, ever increasing! Wondrous expansion is now taking place.' On Saturday, November 12, 1988, 22,091 voices joined together to sing those stirring words in celebration of the dedication of the new branch office and Bethel Home in the Central American country of El Salvador.” – yb90 p.26
One can't help but wonder, if El Salvador's branch's opening and dedication meant that theocracy was “ever increasing” with “wondrous expansion” taking place, how should Witnesses now interpret its closure, along with that of dozens of other branches globally?
But it is arguably in Europe where the Society's retreat is most obvious and haphazard, as the following map demonstrates…
Please bear in mind that information displayed in the above map has been put together to the best of my knowledge, and with precious little transparent information from Watchtower as to which branches have been closed. If anybody can supply further authoritative information, I will gladly update the map with any needed corrections.
Basically, the dark blue countries denote branches controlling more than one country, whereas the lightest blue countries show where branches have been recently closed and brought under the control of another country. For some countries (such as Belarus, Bosnia and Malta) there never has been a branch to my knowledge, but I have still tried to show which branches these countries fall under (Russia, Croatia and Britain, respectively).
Here is a written summary of what the above map shows…
Scandinavian Branch (Denmark) – this now serves Faeroe Islands, Greenland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden.
– this now serves Faeroe Islands, Greenland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden. Finland Branch – this now serves Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania.
– this now serves Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania. German Branch – this now serves Luxembourg, Austria and Switzerland.
– this now serves Luxembourg, Austria and Switzerland. French Branch – this now serves Guadeloupe, Martinique, French Guiana, La Réunion, Mayotte, Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
– this now serves Guadeloupe, Martinique, French Guiana, La Réunion, Mayotte, Saint Pierre and Miquelon. Britain Branch – this now serves Ireland and Malta.
– this now serves Ireland and Malta. Slovakia Branch – this now also serves the Czech Republic.
– this now also serves the Czech Republic. Greek Branch – this now also serves Cyprus.
A dramatic U-turn
Of all the changes in the above map, the closure of the Estonian and Latvian branches will come as the biggest surprise to the local brothers in those countries. This is because these branches were only dedicated as recently as 2010, and are already being forced to shut down only three years later. And if there is ever to be a poignant symbol of Watchtower's downsizing U-turns, it is the official welcome brochure for the now-defunct Estonia branch – published in 2010 and still available on this link.
Though Watchtower seems intent in hailing these branch closures, however drastic, as evidence of “God eras[ing] and eliminat[ing] national borders” (w12 8/15 p.16), it doesn't take too much scepticism to see through the spin and realize that the organization is in steady retreat.
The 2010 Yearbook boasted 118 branches (for 2009), but by 2012 that figure had plummeted to 96. With these latest closures in Northern Europe, we can expect the 2013 figure to show yet more reduction in Watchtower's global footprint. This is not the sort of smooth, staggered transition you would expect from the Society if this was simply about improved efficiency, with money as no object.
I have already made my views on the causes of Watchtower downsizing well known on this website, so rather than repeat myself I will end this article with a quote. I don't normally like to quote from uncorroborated sources, but given the preponderance of evidence I will make an exception in this case. Julia Orwell (a well-known visitor to this site) has made the following comment over on the jehovahs-witness.net forum…
“A respectable and reputable elder told me earlier this year when I asked him about all the sell offs that the reason they've had to is because the donations just aren't coming in from developed countries like they used to.”
Given the rapidity and ruthlessness with which these “sell offs” are now being made, this quote sounds credible.
Further reading…
Women who divorced in secular court and who abide by the custody arrangements and financial arrangements made by secular judges would have their religious divorces ruled invalid if several haredi rabbis have their way. The same would be true of women who rely on public pressure from groups like ORA to receive their gets or who have received gets from Israel's state rabbinic courts – because the rabbinic judges in those courts have the power to imprison get refusers. The wording of the ruling by these three rabbis could even be understood to prohibit women from calling police when they are battered by their husbands. And who are among the supporters of this haredi nonsense?
Rabbi Dovid Eidensohn and his brother Rabbi Daniel Eidensohn.
Daniel Eidensohn writes the Da'at Torah blog where this notice was published. He fancies himself to be an anti-child sexual abuse advocate, but he mostly serves as a mouthpiece for Eidah Charedis' Rabbi Moshe Shternbach.
His brother Dovid is, shall we say, only marginally brighter than a tree stump. Responding to a claim that this ridiculous ruling would invalidate "95%" of gets issued worldwide and create tens of thousands of mamzerim overnight, the Dovid Eidensohn wrote the following:
I spoke to a prominent posek and he told me that the pressure to give a GET through public humiliation practiced by ORA makes the GET invalid from the Torah and the children are mamzerim gemurim.
On the other hand, we have the above comment that such is "utterly disgusting?" What is "utterly disgusting"? The Rashbo who says it? The many poskim who quote the Rashbo? HaShem who commanded a Torah? Let us be clear who we are criticizing here.
Dovid Eidensohn isn't smart enough or honest enough to grasp that very many rabbis who were contemporaries of the Rashba disagreed with him, and that halakha has never followed the strict interpretation of the Rashba's view – until recently when haredim produced leaders like the bunch that head Eidah Charedis and the recently deceased Rabbi Yosef Shalom Elyashiv,who was a cruel, cold, and inhuman man.
The Rashba ruled many things with regard to kashrut and other issues but we do not follow those rulings today – just as Orthodox Jews did not follow them in 1600 Tzefat or in 1400 Spain.
One example that pops into my mind at this obscenely late hour is hagalah b'ochlim, koshering a pot by cooking pareve food in it, rather than through the common (and more strict) ritual used today. You took your empty pot of lamb stew, cleaned it normally, and then boiled vegetables in it. After that, you could use it for making cheese soup or even boiled milk.
We don't do this today.
But what passes for the mind of David Eidensohn, that doesn't matter because this was a lenient opinion of the Rashba, and any good kanoi knows that he makes his 'spiritual' living by cherry picking the stringent rulings (or rulings which can be twisted to appear to support a stringency) of dead rabbis while strenuously ignoring the bulk of the rulings which are moderate or lenient.
So Eidensohn willingly, joyfully, supports a ruling that, if accepted on its face, would cause tens of thousands of Jews to become unmarriageable (except to each other). And that stigma, that scarlet letter mem, would halakhicly remain on them their whole lives, and on their children and their children for generations to come – hundreds of years to come.
Translation by the reader here known as "someone." [Content in square brackets is mine]:
Hydrogen has long been one of the dream energy sources of green and alternative energy programs. A clean fuel source with no negative byproducts and that has complete conversion to heat and energy. It has stood up on the pedestal along with the likes of fusion reactors and other high efficiency technologies. The main difference between it and them being that hydrogen as a fuel source and technology currently exists, while the others are years, if not decades off.
However, reality has shown that even if it exists, obtaining and utilizing it has made its actual usage almost non-existent. The main ways of obtaining a viable quantity of hydrogen fuel has been to extract it from environmental sources, methods that have invariably resulted in environmental damage. Other direct methods of production, such as electrolysis that involves splitting hydrogen atoms from water has a low production rate for the energy cost required to run the process. Steam-methane reforming is another option that produces far more hydrogen directly, but also produces greenhouse gas byproducts, lowering it on the list of viable alternative fuel sources.
The one other source that has been investigated and shown significant progress as more research has been conducted is biological production, otherwise known as biohydrogen. Pure hydrogen or in a form like hydrogen gas is a byproduct for several species or can be induced to become one through some biotechnology involvement. The primary scientific focus has been on bacteria, especially Escherichia coli and its tendency to take on desired production genes easily.
This process, though, is not entirely straightforward, as producing hydrogen as a bacterial byproduct still requires a number of other chemical steps and reactions, all of which the chosen bacteria have to be made to undergo itself. Anaerobic fermentation in order to create hydrogen especially requires a series of steps, but even back in 2008, these requirements were well understood. Thus, progress in this field has been ongoing and increasingly successful.[1]
For anaerobic production, one of the elemental methods to produce hydrogen is to start with glucose and produce formate through the production chain, which can then be converted into free hydrogen. Wild-type E. coli were found to construct 9.8 micromoles of hydrogen per milligram of dry cell weight processed on average. After two genes were separately modified to increase formate transportation and transcription speed, named focA and narL respectively, in two different lines, hydrogen production was found to be increased by around 50%. The first modified gene line, ZF1, produced 14.9 micromoles of hydrogen and the second, ZF3, produced 14.4 micromoles of hydrogen. It was also discovered that the global transcription gene narL was able to synergistically work with the other gene to cause an even higher combined hydrogen production result.[2]
Such a fermentation process has become more and more desired due to applications in almost every possible energy source, whether alternative, renewable, or even classical systems. This production method via bacteria trumps all other hydrogen production methods handily due to the few inputs required other than nutrition for the bacteria and, in return, receiving pure hydrogen ions or hydrogen gas.[3]
.
As an aside, a study in December of 2010 presented a constructed artificial neural network (ANN) to estimate and analyze the likely results from a fermentation and hydrogen production process. The accuracy of its results approached 100% and opened up the possibility of using the network to predict other hydrogen production systems and their viability and efficiency as a method.[4]
This includes using cyanobacteria and the process of photosynthesis to produce hydrogen from sunlight. Acting as essentially highly efficient solar panels, these bacteria would create hydrogen by using mutated hydrogenase enzymes that would allow the storage of hydrogen gas directly without allowing its normal reaction with oxygen in the cell to form water. These methods would allow the possibility of free-floating solar collectors of bacteria in places where solar panels could not be constructed. For now, the efficiency is still lower than desired, so more work needs to be done, but cyanobacteria remain a viable biohydrogen production method.[5]
Another source of photosynthesizing unicellular organisms are microalgae, similar to cyanobacteria, but in a completely different part of the tree of life due to them often being eukaryotes rather than bacteria. Thanks to their more advanced biology, microalgae are able to use two separate systems depending on the availability of light. In a sunny environment, photosynthesis would be used as usual, but when light is diminished, the microalgae switch over to using hydrogenase enzymes to catalyze hydrogen gas via different energy pathways. This makes them versatile and able to continue to provide hydrogen energy in a changing environment without being too reliant on one system of production.[6]
Modeling systems have been utilized to determine what the optimum amount of biomass is for microalgae to produce hydrogen without overwhelming the structure and reducing efficiency. Evidence seems to suggest that the size of the biomass will be limited regardless of the medium used and the available nutrients. The model also, however, allows testing of different modified microalgae variants and how changes from the wild type can affect allowed biomass and overall manufacture.[7]
In addition to the creation of engineered bacteria as a whole for forming hydrogen, the construction of large amounts of catalytic enzymes to help in hydrogen formation can assist in rapidly creating more types of bacteria that produce hydrogen by uptaking the enzymes. The manufacture of these enzymes themselves can also be biologically directed thanks to the field of biodesign. Bacteria, E. coli in this case, are co-opted to synthesize the enzymes and form a protein coat around the completed structures in a process called encapsulation that protects the finished enzyme from outside damage. In a short amount of time, a large amount of catalytic enzymes for hydrogen production or, indeed, any other sort of desired chemical formation can be made and boxed up for use elsewhere.[8]
The specifics of this method involves using iron hydrogenase, sometimes nickel-iron hydrogenase, Common in most bacteria, the main limiting factor for proper exploitation of this pathway is the lack of understanding on how to stabilize hydrogen production from it without harming the cell cultures being used. More research will need to be done before this method is chosen over other options, though there is a significant possibility that hydrogen formation through an iron pathway will be more efficient and require less time overall thanks to the enzyme activity.[9]
Due to the ubiquitous availability of hydrogen throughout the processes of life, several avenues of hydrogen acquisition are open to scientists to pursue, all of which may eventually be used in production of hydrogen as an alternative fuel source. The variety of methods and environments that biohydrogen may be fabricated in entails a wide source of free energy in the near future. It is possible that biohydrogen creation may outstrip other forms of alternative and green energy as a primary fuel source for the world's industries. Either way, exploration into biohydrogen is a broad avenue of potential that will undoubtedly be involved in shaping the future world we all will live in.
References
Liu X, Ren N, Song F, Yang C, Wang A. 2008. Recent advances in fermentative biohydrogen production. Progress in Natural Science [accessed 2016 May 30]; 18:253–258. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1002007107000536 Fan Z, Yuan L, Chatterjee R. 2009. Increased Hydrogen Production by Genetic Engineering of Escherichia coli. PLOS One [accessed 2016 May 30]; http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0004432 Rosales-Colunga LM, Rodríguez AL. 2015. Escherichia coli and its application to biohydrogen production. Reviews in Environmental Science and Bio/Technology [accessed 2016 May 30]; 14:123–135. http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11157-014-9354-2 Rosales-Colunga LM, Garcia RG, Rodríguez AL. 2010. Estimation of hydrogen production in genetically modified E. coli fermentations using an artificial neural network. International Journal of Hydrogen Energy [accessed 2016 May 30]; 35:13186–13192. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0360319910017763 Masukawa H, Kitashima M, Inoue K, Sakurai H, Hausinger RP. 2012. Genetic engineering of cyanobacteria to enhance biohydrogen production from sunlight and water. AMBIO [accessed 2016 May 30]; 41:169–173. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22434447 Dubini A, Ghirardi ML. 2015. Engineering photosynthetic organisms for the production of biohydrogen. Photosynthesis Research [accessed 2016 May 30]; 123:241–253. http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11120-014-9991-x Vargas JV, Kava V, Balmant W, Mariano AB, Ordonez JC. 2016. Modeling microalgae derived hydrogen production enhancement via genetic modification. International Journal of Hydrogen Energy [accessed 2016 May 30]; 51:8101–8110. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0360319916308801 Jordan PC, Patterson DP, Saboda KN, Edwards EJ, Miettinen HM, Basu G, Thielges MC, Douglas T. 2013. Self-assembling biomolecular catalysts for hydrogen production. Nature Chemistry [accessed 2016 May 30]; 8:179–185. http://www.nature.com/nchem/journal/v8/n2/full/nchem.2416.html Hei J, Wu C. 2015. [FeFe]-Hydrogenase: Catalytic Center and Modification by Genetic Engineering. Advances in Applied Biotechnology [accessed 2016 May 30]; 333:621–628. http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-662-46318-5_64
Written by: Sterling Ericsson
Word Count: 1,182
Type: News Bite
Photo CC: E. coli Bacteria by NIAID https://www.flickr.com/photos/niaid/16578744517
During a private campaign event on Sunday in Palm Beach, Fla., GOP candidate Mitt Romney had some rather favorable words to say about Fox News.
Speaking of the media coverage his campaign has received, Romney singled out CNN host Wolf Blitzer as being a good interviewer and said, according to the Wall Street Journal, that Fox News has been good to him.
He called Fox News viewers "true believers," but said that he needed to broaden his reach to independent and female voters. According to NBC News, Romney also said, "We are behind when it comes to commentators on TV. They tend to be liberal. Where we are ahead or even is on Twitter and on the Internet."
Romney's assessment of Fox News came just days following GOP candidate Newt Gingrich attacked the news network. Gingrich said that Fox News has been "for Romney all the way through." Gingrich's comments echoed that of former GOP candidate Rick Santorum, who said that Fox News was "shilling" for Romney.
The comments made by Romney, Gingrich and Santorum are intriguing in that Romney had rather contentious relations with Fox News just some months ago. In October 2011, more than a year since Romney had appeared on a Sunday morning news show, "Fox News Sunday" host Chris Wallace called out Romney for dodging his invitation to appear on the program. In December, Romney and his campaign complained about a particularly tough interview with Fox News host Bret Baier.
If you're like me, you probably weren't expecting Charles Johnson to establish himself as the Vikings go-to target towards the end of the 2014 season. To the man himself, however, it was only a matter of time.
The 6'2″ 215 pounds speedster out of Grand Valley State, a division II school in Michigan, was drafted by Green Bay in the seventh round of the 2013 draft. The Packers placed him on their practice squad until the Browns swooped in and signed him at the start of the season. His rookie campaign was cut short by an ACL Tear discovered mid-October. Johnson was healed up for the 2014 preseason when the Browns inexplicably dropped him to their practice squad, a move that left head coach Kyle Shanahan “dismayed” with Cleveland's front office. Nineteen days later, the Vikings signed Charles to their 53-man roster.
Johnson had his breakout performance in week 11 against the Bears. He finished with 6 receptions for 87 yards. It was the start of a stretch of 5 games in which he caught 20 balls for 355 yards and 2 touchdowns.
Norv Turner said that it wasn't until that Bears game that the Vikings found their identity with Teddy Bridgewater. Turner told the Star Tribune that Johnson deserves a lot of credit for the turnaround.
“Part of that was we started playing Charles Johnson, which gave us a different guy on the outside to attack,” Turner said. “It created some differences in how people defended us. I think we became a much more efficient offensive football team and put ourselves in position to win games. We won some and there were some that a year from now, put in the same situation, we'll be ready to handle it and be ready to win.”
The chemistry between Johnson and Bridgewater was apparent, and that's a good sign for both of their careers. Most great quarterbacks have a number-one threat at the receiver position. Johnson has a great chance to emerge as that.
In a recent interview with CBSsports.com, Charles was asked if he was surprised by his own success in 2014.
“Surprised, no. I knew my ability. I knew what I could do in this league. I knew I could be a great player in this league. And I still have a lot to prove, but in this world it's all about opportunity. You don't know what anyone can do in any field or any type of occupation unless they are given the opportunity. My opportunities were limited in my first year because of (ACL injuries). I like to say that when hard work meets opportunity you can create your own success. I always worked hard and now I'm finally getting an opportunity. Now let's wait and see if I can create my own success.”
What Charles Johnson does with his opportunity is one of the most interesting storylines going into next season for the Vikings. His efforts should be enough for a great shot at a starting role in 2015.
How 4 popular startups really began Shane Labs
I learn best by example, which is why when I came across these 4 flowcharts showing how successful tech startups actually got started I had to share with you all. Many think that a lot of internet businesses are overnight successes, but from these scenarios that couldn't be further from the truth. Take a look at how Pinterest, Airbnb, Angry Birds, and Instagram *really* began.
Source – All images created by and copyright Anna Vital of Funders and Founders.
Pinterest
Take note:
His first apps flopped, he was scoffed at by investors
He personally wrote to the first 7k users
Started out with moms, and grew from there
5 years to get to success
Airbnb
Take note:
The name first came from renting out air mattresses!
They were stuck at $200/week for a long time, but kept on
They personally went door-to-door to take pictures for their rentals
7 years to get to success
Angry Birds
Take note:
Had 51 failures before their one success
7 years to get to success
Instagram
Take note:
Okay, this one did practically happen overnight (2 months is super fast)
Don't expect to go from learning to code to massive funding in a few weeks
They finally succeeded after throwing away features
Takeaway…
Don't expect your side project to succeed overnight, they very rarely do. Most take several years.
Don't compare your story to others, everyone is different.
Do get your first customers through methods that don't scale. This is hard work.
Do keep trying, even after many failures
Look along the spectator stands inside the gym of the Boothville elementary school, and you will catch the name of the student basketball team painted in red and white. It's the Oilers. But no one was in the mood for humour yesterday, even of the dark kind. They wanted to get certification – and with it – work.
A little over 200 fishing boat captains were crammed at desks inside, almost like pupils waiting for the start of an exam. Instead, they were eyes and ears for David Kinnaird, a BP community outreach organiser, to get the morning's business started. If they take this basic safety course there is a decent chance the company will hire them and their boats to combat the oil spill spreading down the coast.
Not everyone will get to be taken on, he warns from the outset. But make no mistake, this is a big part of BP's effort to confront the storm of anger which is already battering it, 13 days after a rig it was operating nearly 50 miles out to sea blew up and sank, killing 11 men and releasing the oil slick which continues to menace coastlines here and to the east all the way to northern Florida.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
"We are trying to put money back in your community; that is why we are here," Mr Kinnaird offered, before handing over to an interpreter brought in for the many Vietnamese who have boats in this area. "And we need your local knowledge, we need your boats and we need your crews."
Outside the doors to the gym, a gaggle of men is growing angry. The gym is full to capacity and they have not been allowed in, even though some inside are not from Plaquemines Parish, which covers all of the Delta peninsula as it extends south into the Gulf. Soon Mr Kinnaird comes out to calm nerves. "If we had turned anyone away, there would have been a riot," he contends.
Mr Kinnaird, a Briton who has lived in Texas for nearly 20 years, was probably right. There is a quiet fear among fishermen in the region, who have already seen one of their most important shrimping areas closed down because of the fast-approaching slick. Almost 25 per cent of the shrimp and oysters caught in the US come from their nets. They can make good money. But now they stand to be ruined.
As part of BP's ever-escalating budget for coping with what may become the biggest oil spill since the Exxon Valdez disaster, the company is preparing to hire hundreds of people like this. If their boat is less than 32ft, which mostly they are, they will be paid $1,200 (£785) a day, first to help lay the floating booms which will help to protect fragile wetlands as well as so-called sorbent pads, which absorb oil but not water.
For men like Jonathan Wilson, 37, who has been shrimping here in Plaquemine Parish all his adult life, the offer from BP may almost turn out to be an opportunity for a job change that he could not have imagined before the crumpling of the Deepwater Horizon rig on 20 April. "Honestly, I would rather work for BP than catch shrimp. The price of shrimp has been down recently."
That doesn't mean there is not frustration with BP among the residents. Like many, Mr Wilson, whose boat is a 27ft Lafitte skiff, is clear that the company was too slow reacting to the spill and equally tardy in turning to people like him for help. "I think they have been much too slow, they should have done all of this the day they knew that they weren't going to be able to shut that oil off."
Mr Kinnaird, who has promised those locked out of the gym that a second training class will start in the afternoon, agrees that the fishing community offers BP an important resource. "They know when the tide will take the oil out and bring it again, for instance. We want to put all that experience to work."
He declined to say how much the company is prepared to pay for the armada it is now assembling from these men. When Mr Wilson and others like Barry Labruzzo, 32, who has fished waters off a neighbouring parish for 15 years and also faces professional ruin, finish here they will be a handed a certificate saying they have taken the basic training.
The piece of paper will be replaced by a more formal card in a couple of days. By then, with luck, they will be out on the water already laying the booms and the pads. Assuming the slick is eventually controlled and dispersed they will turn to the next job: cleaning up the mess the slick will most certainly leave behind. It could take years.
From lehman to BP, the face of disaster
When Andrew Gowers left the 'Financial Times' in 2005 after four years as editor, he might have thought entering corporate public relations would offer a quieter life than the turmoil of newspapers. Little did he know he would find himself as the PR frontman for two of the largest, and most pored-over, corporate disasters in recent history: the collapse of the Lehman Brothers investment bank and, now, the Louisiana oil spill from a rig leased by his present employer, BP.
In what must count as one of the more arduous of career progressions, Mr Gowers, 53, joined Lehman as head of communications in 2006, and witnessed first-hand the bank's implosion in 2008. He subsequently revealed that the day before the collapse, he spent hours on the phone assuring journalists that the bank was safe, only to be told hours later by its chief executive that it was about to go bust.
Now, Mr Gowers finds himself doing the media firefighting for Britain's largest oil company as it faces the ramifications of the largest oil spill in its history. He is unlikely to be paying too much attention to the advice of his predecessor in the post, Roddy Kennedy, who said: "Very often doing nothing is the best course of action. Always take plenty of time to think before you act."
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Dealing with broken Haskell packages
As we approach the release of GHC 7.10, there is a new wave of Haskell packages that require trivial fixes to build with the new versions of the compiler and standard libraries, but whose authors/maintainers are not around to apply the fixes. This is especially annoying when there is a pull request on GitHub, and all the maintainer would have to do is to press the green Merge button, and upload the new version on hackage.
If you are a responsible maintainer and don't want this to happen to your packages in the future, you should appoint backup maintainers for your packages.
But what if you are a user of a package that remains broken on hackage, even though a fix is available? Here I review several ways to deal with this problem, including the new and promising Stackage snapshots.
Building the package locally
If all you care about is to get something installed locally (be it the broken package itself, or something that directly or indirectly depends on it), you can install the fixed version locally.
Non-sandboxed way
Check out the repository or branch with the fix, and cabal-install it:
% git clone -b ghc710 https://github.com/markus1189/feed.git % cabal install ./feed
(I prepend ./ to make sure cabal understands that I mean the directory, and not the package name on hackage.)
Sandboxed way
If you're installing in the sandbox, then you can use add-source (although the non-sandboxed version will work in this case, too):
% git clone -b ghc710 https://github.com/markus1189/feed.git % cabal sandbox add-source feed % cabal install whatever-you-needed
If the package whatever-you-needed has feed among its transitive dependencies, cabal will automatically install it from the add-source'd directory.
Limitations
This approach doesn't work well if:
You are a maintainer of a package that depends on the broken library. It's hard to ask your users to check out and build the fixed version by hand. You work on an in-house application that your coworkers should be able to build, for the same reason.
Forking the package
You cannot upload the fixed version of a package on hackage bypassing the maintainer. However, you can upload it under a new name. This works well if you are a maintainer of a package that directly depends on the broken package, because you can easily make your package depend on your fork.
Examples of this are tasty depending on regex-tdfa-rc (a fork of regex-tdfa) and tasty-golden depending on temporary-rc (a fork of temporary).
Limitations
This doesn't work well if there's a chain of dependencies leading from your package to the broken one. You have to either persuade the other maintainer(s) to depend on your fork or fork the entire chain. If the broken package becomes actively developed again, you need to either move back to using it or backport the bugfixes from it to your fork. (I only fork packages when I find this scenario unlikely.) Other packages that depend on the broken package won't automatically get fixed. Some people get upset when you fork packages.
Stackage snapshots
Instead of uploading the fixed version to hackage (which you can't), you can upload it to Stackage instead, by creating a custom snapshot.
The procedure is described in Experimental package releases via Stackage Server. You create four files:
The fixed tarball (produced by cabal sdist ). You probably want to bump the package's version, so that it doesn't conflict with the version already on hackage.
). You probably want to bump the package's version, so that it doesn't conflict with the version already on hackage. Two text files: desc and slug . The first one contains a human-readable description of the snapshot; the second contains an id that will become part of the snapshot's URL.
and . The first one contains a human-readable description of the snapshot; the second contains an id that will become part of the snapshot's URL. A text file with the packages to be copied directly from hackage. For the purpose of this article, you probably want to leave this file empty. (I don't know if it's ok not to include it at all.)
Then you pack these four files into a tarball (that's right, it'll be a tarball with a tarball inside) and upload to stackage (after registering, if you haven't registered before).
The outcome will be a custom hackage-like repository which will contain the single version of a single package — the one you've uploaded. (Of course, you can include multiple packages or versions if you like.)
The Stackage website will give you the remote-repo line that you can put into your cabal.config along with the hackage or stackage repos that are already there.
In contrast to building packages locally, you can easily tell your users or coworkers to add that repo as well.
Limitations
If the new hackage release of the broken package will get the same version number as your stackage version, there will be a conflict. (I actually don't know what happens in that case; my guess is that cabal will silently pick one of the two available versions.) If the package you maintain (which depends on the broken package) is a small one, or is deep down the dependency chain, it may be hard to tell your users to add the repository. If, on the other hand, you maintain a major web framework or other such thing, it would probably work.
Taking over a package
There's a procedure for taking over a package described on the wiki. You'll need to contact the current maintainer; wait an indefinite amount of time (there's no consensus about it; estimates vary from 2 weeks to 6-12 months); ask again on the mailing list and wait again; finally ask Hackage admins to grant you the rights.
Limitations
Poll finds that, among those who have already voted, 72% voted yes compared with 26% who voted no
Support for marriage equality has rebounded and the yes side holds a decisive lead among Australians who have already voted in the postal survey, according to the Guardian Essential poll.
The poll found that 58% of Australians support a change in the law to allow same-sex couples to marry, up three points from 55% last week, compared with 33% who oppose it and 9% who are undecided.
More than one-third of Australians (36%) have already voted, with many more saying they will definitely vote (45%) or probably vote (8%).
Among those who have already voted, 72% voted yes compared with 26% who voted no.
Schoolboy drops age discrimination complaint against same-sex marriage survey Read more
Yes voters also outnumbered no voters in the “will definitely vote” category (57% to 39%) and “will probably vote” (43% to 35%). Among people who say they will not vote, 64% said they did not support same-sex marriage and just 13% said they did.
The results of the poll, if replicated in the survey, would deliver a decisive win for marriage equality, although advocates have warned campaign efforts must be sustained until the 7 November deadline for votes to be received by the Australian Bureau of Statistics.
The Equality Campaign executive director, Tiernan Brady, said: “Undoubtedly these numbers are really good ... however, it is only a poll and we are in no way complacent.”
“We know that the Australian people are for marriage equality and have been for many years but for that value to be reflected in the result of the survey everybody needs to vote.”
The Guardian Essential poll found a majority of women (63%), men (52%) and even people over the age of 55 (54%) supported changing the law to allow same-sex couples to marry.
Greens voters were the most likely to have already voted in the postal survey, with 49% already having done so, and 84% of Greens said they supported marriage equality, adding evidence that “hard yeses” had turned out early.
The poll finds Labor and the Coalition tied on primary votes of 37% while Labor leads the Coalition 53% to 47% in two-party preferred terms, a slight increase from last week's 52-48 result.
The Greens are steady on 10%, the Nick Xenophon Team steady on 3% and One Nation dropped one point to 7%. The poll of 1,026 Australians has a margin of error of plus or minus 3%.
Asked if they are concerned same-sex marriage may impact on religious freedoms, 35% were either very or somewhat concerned compared with 58% who were either not very or not at all concerned.
Tanya Plibersek 'nervous' no vote could win marriage equality campaign Read more
Over the course of the campaign 24% said their concerns about religious freedom had increased, compared with 61% who said they had stayed the same and 5% who said their concerns had decreased.
Brady said the “Australian people have seen through the misdirection and the white noise”.
“They know it's a straightforward question about a very simple matter: should lesbian and gay people be treated equally by the law of the land.”
Some Australians reported holding religious beliefs in heaven and hell (40%), creationism (34%), and angels and demons (39%).
Smaller but not insignificant numbers reported belief that climate change is a hoax (21%), vaccines cause autism (14%) and that vibrations from windfarms cause long-term health damage (16%).
Australians are very sceptical of private health insurance, with 60% saying it is not worth the money you pay for it compared with 31% who said it is.
Large majorities want the government to cap increases in premiums to inflation levels (82%) and to limit private health insurance companies profits if they want to increase fees (84%).
A homeowner in one of Vancouver's wealthiest neighbourhoods has compared the city's desire to increase housing density with the "stacking of human cargo" aboard slave ships.
Mik Ball, a board member from the Shaughnessy Heights Property Owners' Association, wrote the article as part of the group's spring newsletter.
He claims Vancouver's mayor and city council are clinging to the "myth" that living in Vancouver is a right, thereby increasing density with no regard to livability.
"The result puts one in mind of the 'dense pack' strategy of early 18th century slavers, wherein they struck upon the idea of stacking their human cargo like cordwood in the hopes of increasing profits," wrote Ball.
"The result was an increase in mortality that did exactly the opposite of what was intended."
In the piece, Ball also takes issue with the notion that anyone who lives in Vancouver should be able to, regardless of "their ability to compete in the market."
He says it's a departure from past decades, when those who weren't able to afford a home moved to the suburbs.
But that changed after Expo 86, he claims, when visitors flooded the city and chose to immigrate here.
It increased housing prices to the point children of "Vancouver's professional class" could not buy a home.
"Unlike the blue collar class that moved to 'affordable' suburban housing, these young people demand to be accommodated in the city as part of their birthright," he continued.
He says city council's attempts to increase density by offering incentives for laneway homes and secondary suites are in vain.
Instead, he argues it will only increase unaffordability as land becomes more limited and the demand for development "continues unabated."
'Sense of entitlement'
Ball's article was shared on Facebook by Julie Colero who pointed to the homeowner's "sense of entitlement."
"If any friends need a rage-inducing glimpse into how the other half thinks, I'd be happy to lend you this great Shaughnessy Property Owners newsletter that was dropped off today," she wrote.
The piece generated waves of criticism.
<a href="https://twitter.com/ianjamesyoung70">@ianjamesyoung70</a> Wow. I don't even know where to begin with this... —@Phanyxx
<a href="https://twitter.com/FIVRE604">@FIVRE604</a> Nothing like verbatim quotes from the creme de la creme to improve your afternoon. —@karensawa
<a href="https://twitter.com/imackinn">@imackinn</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/ianjamesyoung70">@ianjamesyoung70</a> I think the fact that they even consider comparing people who can't afford homes in their area to "slaves" is telling —@camcavers
Former Vancouver city planner Sandra James says Ball's views show a "profound lack of understanding" of gentle density, which means adding housing through unobtrusive means like laneway homes and secondary suites.
She says Ball should look to other west side neighbourhoods like Point Grey and Dunbar that have adopted those measures successfully.
It's a lesson for the City of Vancouver to better educate residents, she says.
As for the reference to slavery, she called it a "very unfortunate reference."
"It's a matter of demonstrating by good examples, instead of being upset about protectionism, because that's basically what humans always resort to, if we feel we're being threatened by something we don't understand," she said.
Homeowners' association responds
Angus Wilson, the association's treasurer, said he could not speak on behalf of the group but claims his neighbours have varying views on density and affordability.
His personal belief is that increasing density should reduce the price of housing but he doesn't think it will change much.
"It's very unlikely that Vancouver's ever going to be an inexpensive city again — any more than Manhattan is going to get inexpensive or central Paris or London."
He says when it comes to gentle density, he believes most homes in his neighbourhood have basement suites but acknowledges it was unlikely they were rentals but instead used as nanny suites, a place for relatives to stay or turned into recreation rooms or "man caves."
As for the newsletter, he says volunteer members typically sign off on submissions but writers are rarely censored.
I have thought that in the future to write more posts in English. I know that all my Swedish readers have no problem with it.
Sometimes you want more flexibility to adapt the user interface for the data you download from a Web service. With dynamic loading of XAML one can both send data and a description of how this data should be displayed. With templates, you do not build the user interface and insert the data in the on the server side. One can instead bind the user interface and the data on the client side.
In this article I will show you how to load XAML from a local xml file. (In reality, this xml obviously come from a Web service.) I also want to show you how to get bindings to work to show the data.
The important method to get this to work is called XamlReader.Load, which takes a string of valid XAML code and creates an object structure of it.
With valid XAML code means:
The XAML content string must define a single root element.
The content string XAML must be well formed XML, as well as being parsable XAML.
The required root element must overprice specify a default XML namespace value. This is typically the Windows Phone namespace, xmlns = "http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation". This XML namespace is explicitly required in Windows Phone.
One can make use of well-formed XML to describe XAML. In my example, it means that I create a standard XML document and this creates my XAML.
I would emphasize again that one needs to have the attribute xmlns = http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation in the root element object.
1: <? xml version ="1.0" encoding ="utf-8" ? > 2: < Border xmlns ="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation" > 3: ... 4: </ Border >
Example
The example can be downloaded The example can be downloaded here
XML file
The xml file look like this
1: < Border xmlns ="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation" Padding ="10, 7, 10, 10" BorderBrush ="#FF4F6261" BorderThickness ="1.5" > 2: < StackPanel > 3: < Border Background ="#FF070709" CornerRadius ="2" BorderThickness ="2" BorderBrush ="#FF2D3A3A" > 4: < TextBlock Text ="{Binding Station}" Foreground ="#FFFBFDFE" TextWrapping ="Wrap" FontWeight ="Bold" TextAlignment ="Center" /> 5: </ Border > 6: < ItemsControl ItemsSource ="{Binding Items}" > 7: < ItemsControl.ItemTemplate > 8: < DataTemplate > 9: < Grid > 10: < Grid.ColumnDefinitions > 11: < ColumnDefinition Width ="10" /> 12: < ColumnDefinition Width ="*" /> 13: </ Grid.ColumnDefinitions > 14: < Rectangle Grid . Column ="0" Fill ="LightGreen" VerticalAlignment ="Stretch" HorizontalAlignment ="Stretch" Margin ="0,13,4,4" /> 15: < Border Grid . Column ="1" Margin ="0,10,0,0" > 16: < TextBlock Foreground ="#FFD6CB46" FontWeight ="Bold" TextAlignment ="Left" FontFamily ="Segoe WP Bold" Padding ="4" FontSize ="15" > 17: < Run Text ="{Binding Next}" /> 18: < LineBreak /> 19: < Run Text ="{Binding Later}" /> 20: </ TextBlock > 21: </ Border > 22: </ Grid > 23: </ DataTemplate > 24: </ ItemsControl.ItemTemplate > 25: </ ItemsControl > 26: </ StackPanel > 27: </ Border >
Read XML file
1: private string loadXamlFromFile() 2: { 3: StreamResourceInfo strm = Application.GetResourceStream(new Uri("xamltemplates/metro.xml", UriKind.Relative)); 4: 5: XElement x = XElement.Load(strm.Stream); 6: 7: return x.ToString(); 8: }
This is a template that is used to display train information for a metro train system. It's a one-to-many relationship between the station (here is example as the binding[4]) and information about several trains that will depart from this station. To display this relationship have I created a[6], that binds to the collection[6] and for each item do I display the property[17] and[18].
Reading of the XML file is encapsulated in a method named loadXamlFromFile. It returns string because XmlReader.Load reads a string.
Create the data structuer that will be bind to the template
This is done in a simple way. The information consists of two classes, one of the station (StationData) and one for the traffic (TraficInformation).
1: public class StationData 2: { 3: public string Station { get; set; } 4: public ObservableCollection<TraficInformation> Items { get; set; } 5: } 6: 7: public class TraficInformation 8: { 9: public string Next { get; set; } 10: public string Later { get; set; } 11: }
I fill these classes with the following code:
1: StationData vm = new StationData() 2: { 3: Station = "Humlegården" , 4: Items = new ObservableCollection<TraficInformation>() 5: { 6: new TraficInformation() { Next = "18 Farsta Strand 1 min" , Later= "19 Hagsätra 5 min" }, 7: new TraficInformation() { Next= "19 Hässelby str." , Later = "18 Vällingby 5 min, 19 Hässelby str. 8 min" } 8: } 9: };
And store it in a variable with the name of vm, for ViewModel.
Do the magic
The app has an event handler registered (commandLoadDynamicUI) for a buttons click event.
1: private void commandLoadDynamicUI_Click( object sender, RoutedEventArgs e) 2: { 3: string metroTemplate = loadXamlFromFile(); 4: var metroXaml = XamlReader.Load(metroTemplate); 5: 6: StationData vm = new StationData() 7: { 8: Station = "Humlegården" , 9: Items = new ObservableCollection<TraficInformation>() 10: { 11: new TraficInformation() { Next = "18 Farsta Strand 1 min" , Later= "19 Hagsätra 5 min" }, 12: new TraficInformation() { Next= "19 Hässelby str." , Later = "18 Vällingby 5 min, 19 Hässelby str. 8 min" } 13: } 14: }; 15: 16: (metroXaml as FrameworkElement).DataContext = vm; 17: gridOfContent.Children.Add(metroXaml as UIElement); 18: }
[3] call the method that loads the XML file and returns a string which is saved into the variable metroTemplate. At row [4] we call XamlReader.Load with that string and we get an Object variable is returned. [6 - 14] is the loading of the data that I described before.
At row [17] I add the XAML object structure, that XamlReader.Load returned, into an existing object tree. I have chosen to use a Grid as this object, but you can use any xaml objects that have a Children property.
Row [16] sets the DataContext for the root element object that was defined in the XML file.
A combination of census and immunisation data tells us that lower income areas of Australia have a vaccination rate of about 90 per cent. However, in areas with the highest average family income levels, this drops to 87 per cent. This is putting thousands of children at unnecessary risk.
Perhaps even more counter-intuitively, highly educated mothers are less likely to vaccinate their children. 91 per cent of children born in the least educated areas of Australia are fully vaccinated at age five. These are areas where mothers with no post-school education are prevalent. In the highest-educated areas of Australia vaccination rates are less than 88 per cent.
In the chart above we can see the areas with the lowest and highest rates of immunisation in Australia. The areas with the lowest rates – those shown in red – are highly educated, with the exception of Richmond Valley, which is the home of Australia's anti-vaccination movement. In contrast, we can see that the highest rates are seen in lower-educated areas.
The scientific evidence supporting the benefits of vaccination is overwhelming. That vaccines drastically reduce the incidence of serious illness is not even up for debate. Millions of lives are saved every year thanks to childhood vaccination.
The discussion over adverse effects is at least one worth having. However, the risk-benefit calculation leads to only one rational conclusion. In 2011, academics undertook an exhaustive review of previous studies, in an exercise known as a meta-analysis. They collected evidence from 12,000 previously peer reviewed articles and concluded that MMR does not cause autism, the flu jab has no link with asthma and that few health problems are associated with vaccines.
So, we can protect children against nasty diseases with an extremely low risk of adverse effects using methods underpinned by solid science. Yet, many of our educated parents are rejecting vaccinations for their children. How can we explain this paradox?
On paper, the equation should be simple. Smart parents should weigh up the risk of their children catching a potentially fatal disease with the negligible risk of vaccination side-effects and conclude that vaccinating their children is the sensible thing to do.
Unfortunately, anti-vaccination lobby groups skew that equation by stoking fear in parents. In Australia, the euphemistically-named Australian Vaccination Network (AVN) is a big influence. The polished website of this anti-vaccination organisation paints a veneer of legitimacy. It claims to offer the “other side of the debate” - implying that both sides are equal.
However, the AVN preaches an ideology based on pseudo-science. It ignores the weight of evidence in favour of vaccinating children and instead muddies the water by carefully selecting dubious studies and the words of dubious ‘experts'.
Often the influence of the AVN on parents is indirect. The group spreads its dogma far and wide. Due to some overlapping principles, their tentacles reach into alternative medicine practices such as homeopathic and chiropractic. Seemingly innocuous advice to eat more fruit or exercise more often can extend to harmful advice to essentially avoid modern medicine. Research has shown that alternative health users tend to be women, middle aged, well-educated and earning good incomes.
Without realising it, when parents interact with these groups their behaviour is being influenced, even if it merely a subtle shift of their own risk-benefit equation. By simply Googling innocuous topics such as exercise or healthy food, or by visiting a chiropractor, they may be unwittingly encountering ideologically-driven anti-vaccination advocates.
Ironically, misinformation spreads like a disease. Once it infects a social circle it spreads from person to person and can become accepted as fact. A recent study showed that the social circle of parents plays an important role in vaccination decisions. Anti-vaccination misinformation has reached epidemic proportions in the Richmond Valley area of northern New South Wales. This is home to the AVN and also happens to have the lowest rate of vaccination in Australia.
Unfortunately, we have clearly seen the consequences of clusters of low rates of vaccination. An outbreak of measles occurred in 1990-1992 among members of two Philadelphia churches that reject vaccinations. Over half of the 892 church members became infected with measles, and six children died. The outbreak of measles in Wales earlier this year, in which over 1,200 contracted the illness, is also believed to be a consequence of low MMR vaccination rates.
The AVN maintain a substantial online presence. For example, their Facebook page has almost 7,000 ‘likes'. However, the Stop the Australian (Anti)Vaccination Network page has about 3,500 more followers, indicating that the group is a minority, albeit a particularly vocal one. News comment sections are routinely flooded with anti-vaccination propaganda, and there are accusations that some individuals post a slew of comments under multiple pseudonyms.
So what can be done? Given that the AVN are waging a propaganda war on social media, the Australian government needs to step up its social media footprint. Monitoring social media and news comments sections and engaging the public through these channels would be a good start.
A second front is fighting a legislative battle. Thankfully, the anti-vaccination lobbyists seem to be making it easy for the authorities. The AVN has been ordered by NSW Fair Trading to change its misleading name. Subsequently they have been investigated for fraud including undertaking commercial activities in breach of not-for-profit status. Recently the NSW Health Care Complaints Commission has been investigating the AVN for encouraging supporters to join the Church of Conscious Living in order to achieve religious exemption for vaccinations.
Regulating the type of advice given by alternative medicine practitioners is also critical. Under pressure from medical authorities, the Chiropractic Board has recently declared an intention to crack down on practitioners who advise against vaccination.
What do you think? Join the conversation on our Facebook post.
The buckyball was first discovered 25 years ago by a group of scientists at Sussex University in the south of England and Rice University, in Texas, and named after the architect Richard Buckminster Fuller, noted for popularising the geodesic dome.
To mark the discovery of this specially shaped molecule composed entirely of carbon on 4 September 1985, Google has changed the second O in its logo to a manipulatable version of a buckyball for the day.
Buckyball is the colloquial name used to describe a spherical fullerene – an abbreviation of the Buckminsterfullerene C60, its full name. For their discovery of fullerenes, Sir Harold Kroto of Sussex and Richard Smalley and Robert Curl of Rice were awarded the Nobel prize for chemistry in 1996.
There are a variety of different buckyballs depending on the structure – the most recognisable, and first discovered, being the Buckminsterfullerene C60. It shares the geodesic structure of a panelled football and is the smallest fullerene molecule in which no two pentagons share an edge – giving it structural strength [see footnote].
The C60 is found in soot, though rarely occurs in nature. Other allotropes of carbon include diamond and graphite but the discovery of fullerenes greatly expanded this.
The unusual spherical arrangement of the molecule led to the nickname buckyball. Scientists have since discovered buckytubes, nanotubes, megatubes and nano onions.
The unique chemistry of the family of particles has been widely researched for use in electronics, nanotechnology and many other fields of science.
Google has previously used its logo to mark other anniversaries and events. Earlier this year it marked 30 years of Pac-Man by converting its name into a playable version of the game.
• This article was amended on 7 September 2010. The original omitted to credit Sir Harold Kroto of Sussex University for his joint discovery of the C60. Regarding the above article's assertion that the C60 "is the smallest fullerene molecule in which no two pentagons share an edge", a reader says: "The smallest sphere whereby the pentagon edges do not touch each other is an icosa-dodecahedron, twelve pentagons surrounded by triangles."
China will have a Short-Term Recession
China is pulling itself out of the worldwide recession by investing in itself. For instance, their economic stimulus plan mostly involves infrastructure improvements, such as newer and bigger highways, railroads, ports, buildings, etc. just to name a few of their enhancements.
The basic idea is that China already needs these improvements to their antiquated and insufficient infrastructure. These improvements will mean millions of new jobs throughout China for Chinese workers. This is especially useful because of the millions of jobs that have already been lost because of the worldwide recession. This will have the added benefit of also suppressing some of the civil unrest because of the downturn in the Chinese economy.
As a result, these new jobs should continue to support the growing Chinese economy and their new middle class. The hope is that the Chinese economy will eventually be self sufficient in all of their needs. This is probably completely impossible, since China does not have sufficient fuel resources and raw materials for themselves. However, the actual goal is to develop the Chinese consumerism to be sufficient enough to make up for the loss in trade to other countries. This is possible, since the Chinese market may eventually be larger than the rest of the developed world combined.
As a result, China will be the first country out of this worldwide recession.
Unfortunately, this will not help any other country. Actually, it will probably hurt every other country, because of China's growing demand for resources and fuel will increase the prices for these raw materials at a time when all the other countries of the world are still in a recession and can not afford an increase in prices or inflation.
Therefore, China being the first country out of their recession will make it much harder for other countries to get out of their recessions. As a result, the world's recession will last much longer than the Chinese recession.
by Phil for Humanity
on 02/09/2009 Related Articles
» Why the Economy will Crash in 2011
» The Fall of China
» Another Idea to Pull the Economy Out of Recession
You can now vote in Batch 66!
Currently open batches:
Batch 66
Batch 65
Batch 64
Batch 63
Batch 62
Batch 61
Batch 60
Batch 59 results will be up shortly.
Feature card: Dirtcowl Wurm is not a very notable card by itself, but it does have the distinction of being the first ever Prerelease promo card!
Full list of matchups:
Will-o'-the-Wisp vs Lava Burst
Patrol Signaler vs Pyreheart Wolf
Kessig Cagebreakers vs Fruitcake Elemental
Spiny Starfish vs Llanowar Dead
Goblin Grappler vs Dumb Ass
Ojutai Monument vs Zur's Weirding
Lazav, Dimir Mastermind vs Retaliator Griffin
Walking Atlas vs Forked-Branch Garami
Dirtcowl Wurm vs Tidehollow Strix
Minds Aglow vs Mistfire Weaver
Mindlock Orb vs Numot, the Devastator
Slaughterhorn vs Flow of Ideas
Hesitation vs Ebony Rhino
Lieutenant Kirtar vs Order // Chaos
Reconnaissance vs Voltaic Brawler
Lost Hours vs Anthem of Rakdos
Land Equilibrium vs Warden of the Wall
Wooded Bastion vs Catalyst Stone
No-Dachi vs Oran-Rief Hydra
Hagra Sharpshooter vs Skullcage
Skyline Despot vs Treacherous Pit-Dweller
Hushwing Gryff vs Goblin Spymaster
Mortal's Ardor vs Exotic Curse
Duress vs Riddlesmith
Thriving Rhino vs Magus of the Library
Liquify vs Ghostfire
Sky Diamond vs Tomorrow, Azami's Familiar
Demon of Dark Schemes vs Lunge
Ethercaste Knight vs Angel of Jubilation
Gloom Surgeon vs Coursers' Accord
Ichor Slick vs Silver Erne
Blood Clock vs Serra Sphinx
Going into this off-season a lot of people figured that the Jets were going to be faced with a lot of questions on the defence and the pairings. When you take a step back, it's not as questionable as one might think. It might be a defence core of questionable quality, but the pairings are pretty cut and dry.
There are currently 7 defencemen on the roster but only 6 spots. Logically speaking, I feel that Chiarot is the odd man out so when I was messing around, the pairings for me looked like this:
Morrissey – Trouba
Kulikov – Byfuglien
Enstrom – Myers
Not surprisingly these are also the projected pairs on DailyFaceoff.
The reason this isn't as shocking as it should be is that these make the most sense. We saw Morrissey and Trouba together last season and it worked. They're the future and can hold things down the best at the moment. Kulikov didn't come to the team to be on the third pairing and I'm not going to be the person to tell Byfuglien that his minutes are reduced to almost nothing. Enstrom and Myers both had injuries and need time to determine where they should really be. It makes sense to gauge where they are on the third pairing. That still leaves Chiarot sitting on the outside looking in until someone is injured. The only questions I can really see about the defence are what do we do with Chiarot and what do we do when someone gets injured.
For Chiarot, there is the option of waiving him or just having him ride it out in the press box. If he rides it out in the press box, it answers the injury question with ease. If he goes down to the Moose, he might stay there and during times of injury, we could see Poolman come up.
In an alternative reality, we could see Myers shift up to the 2nd pairing, Byfuglien go back to forward, and Chiarot play the third pairing full time. Thankfully we live in this reality and I doubt this situation will happen.
What Would You Do JetsNation?
With all of this in mind, what say you JetsNation? What do you have as projected pairings? Do you think it's far more complicated than this? Do you want to see Chiarot in the press box or in the AHL?
Let us know what you think in the comments below, @ reply us on our Twitter page or leave us reply on our Facebook page.
Planning a summer getaway?
What Would You Do for your dream vacation? The Nation and Contiki want to help you get there.
Visit www.contiki.com for the best vacation ideas around the globe, and enter promo code PPCTHENATION on any trip, 7 days or longer, and get $100 off your trip.
Ahhhh, higher education. It sure is empowering how they let us ladies go to college and do our cute little book-reading thing these days. It's so fun to pretend like people care about our adorable girl-brains! But everyone knows what a college education really means to vagina-havers—it's a chance to spend our best years telegraphing availability and desperation in hopes that the perfect man will purchase our eternal servitude with megabucks. Right? None of that shitty brain-learnin'—it's all about the old MRS degree! DUH.
No, but seriously. Have you seen this cray-cray editorial—"How to find that perfect husband in college"—from the University of Georgia student newspaper? It's been floating around feminist blog circles for a few weeks, completely confounding anyone who thought they had a grasp on comedy, satire, youth culture, and sexism (like 14 people have e-mailed it to me with the subject line "in your wheelhouse," because apparently my wheelhouse is mindboggling shit written by dummies). Basically, nobody knows what to do. With sentences like, "Every true woman knows how vital it is to find the right brilliant babe to father their children and replenish their bank accounts," it seems hardly possible that author Amber Estes could be serious. (Also, her picture looks like a human Onion article.) That said, people believe all kinds of stupid garbage when they're in college, and sexism is hella not dead. If this piece is satire, then sorry Jonathan Swift I'mma let you finish but Amber Estes is like the greatest satirist of all time. If it's sincere, then all optimistic progressives should weep, because DOOM. DOOM. DOOM. Drums in the deep, y'all!!!
Advertisement
So is Amber Estes a genius or an affront to modern womanhood or just a misguided kid? I have no idea*, but I do know that if she wants to find a husband, her shit's all wrong. She didn't go far enough!!!
FOR INSTANCE.
Step 1: The first step to finding your perfect husband in college, Estes says, is to be in college. Great point! Then, once you're surrounded by hot "hunnies" wearing "nothing but the frattiest clothes"...
All you have to do is pick out your perfect prince, and zero in for the kill.
This is a great point, but I'm pretty sure Amber Estes is speaking figuratively. What she doesn't understand is that if you really want to land the perfect guy, you need to get inside his head—literally!!! After you "zero in for the kill," you need to actually kill him. Then eat his organs to absorb his memories and powers! That way, when the next Mr. Perfect comes along, you'll know exactly how to seduce him (because you've trapped man's immortal soul within your womanly womb-prison!).
Advertisement
Step 2: Everyone knows that a dude is just a penis with dollar signs shooting out of it. But how does an eligible lady locate the most dollar-signiest penises on campus? Well, just hang out around "the law school, Ag Hill or Terry," says Amber Estes. That's where the "ambitious" guys congregate. Then, it's only a matter of showing up in the perfect outfit:
The trick here is to look flawless, seemingly without trying. Nothing screams desperate louder than a girl who is all dolled up in her nicest outfits lounging outside of Terry.
Oh girl, TOTALLY. Nothing turns dudes off faster than girls wearing nice clothes. If you're trying to send the message that "I want you to jizz money inside of me," here's how to dress for success: Go to Victoria's Secret and pick up the cutest pair of boyfriend sweats. Then, cut a hole around the vagina part, and make sure your vagina is flawlessly manicured! This lets guys know that you are a classy, feminine woman who means business. On your top half, to make it clear you're not trying too hard AND to keep dudes' attention where it belongs (ON YOUR SAFE DEPOSIT BOX, OBV), just smear yourself with the animal dung of your choice, and then write, "Eyes down here!" and a big downward arrow in the dung. As a hat: more dung. Or a bowler.
Advertisement
Step 3: "Instagram everything." This way, potential husbands can evaluate your body and face on the internet and decide whether or not they want to buy you. But careful! There are pitfalls:
Make sure you take pictures with your pretty friends, but not ones that are prettier than you. That way the boys know you don't hang around with uggos, but it's also crystal clear that you're the queen of the pack.
I'm not sure what this author has against the Uggo people of southern Peru—they are a noble race and proud! But I suppose you should probably take her advice and only hang out with people who look almost exactly like you, only very slightly less pretty. For best results, make a bunch of clones of yourself and then do something to make each one kinda janky. Like punch fake-you in the tooth so your tooth comes out! Or throw a shrimp or lizard into the cloning machine during the replication process. Let's how many dates Julie Beta CX3.012 gets once she has mandibles!
Advertisement
Step 4: Amber sez:
On your first date, STAY CLASSY. A man won't get down on one knee for a woman who is overly willing to get down on both of hers. You want him to see joint bank accounts in your future, not a joint cab ride home to his place.
Such a great point. Waiting as long as possible to have sex is the best way to ensure a long-lasting commitment. But why stop there? Clearly the purest and best love ever would be to get married, wait 80 years, and then finally have beautiful, rickety sex on your deathbed just before you slip away into nothingness. Because if he's really worth it'll wait, sister! No, hold on—even better. The most romantic first date of all time would be to immediately run from each other as fast as you can, and then seal yourselves in separate hyperbaric chambers on exact opposite poles of the earth. Then lie still and wait for death. You gotta make him work for it, girl! RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRROMANCE!!!!!
Advertisement
Step 5: Okay. Great job so far, ladies. But now it's time to get down to business.
Once he does make you his girlfriend, the hard-to-get phase must end. Playing coy was fun, but coy does not a trophy wife make. This is the phase where you put this boy on lockdown.
A couple of quibbles here. First of all, koi make very good wives. They stay in their ponds, they know when to shut up, they keep the mosquito population down. And don't underestimate the erotic potential of "playing koi" in the bedroom! (Okay, I'll be the sexy carp and you be the guy who replenishes the fungicidal cakes in the pond at the Japanese Garden!)
Advertisement
But secondly, I think Amber Estes is really aiming low here. I mean, sure, age 19 seems like the perfect time to throw your life away and commit to an eternity of being a useless object with no agency who contributes nothing to the world, but why wait so long? Why not start at 7? Just find yourself the warlord with the longest braid on the barren steppes and show him you can churn the finest fermented mare's milk in all the Free Cities. Then sit back and enjoy your lifetime of servitude and face-grime!
Step 6: And voila!
If you have flawlessly executed steps one through five, that Tiffany's ring will undoubtedly be sitting pretty on your finger by the time graduation rolls around.
Advertisement
"Tiffany" is the bitch you murdered so you could steal her ring.
Encourage your man to go wherever the money is, and then stay by his side regardless of any circumstance.
Things that are not dealbreakers: If he abuses you. If he neglects you. If he frames you for murder. If he has your name legally changed to "Duchess Shit Piglet" and makes you eat mud out of the garbage. If he has sex with your sister while you're in the hospital recovering from your hysterectomy. If he tramples your parents to death in a chariot race. If you discover that he's not actually a man—he was a white picket fence this whole time.
Advertisement
Things that are dealbreakers: If the money runs out. Worst husband ever.
* And neither, apparently, does the newspaper she's printed in, which has recently added an "Online Poll" next to the article asking, "Is Amber Estes column titled 'How to find that perfect husband in college' a satire? Yes/No/I don't know." OH MY GOD, YOU GUYS. IT IS YOUR NEWSPAPER. YOU TELL ME. That's like if I showed up in your house at 3 am with a knife and was all, "Online poll, motherfucker! Am I about to murder you right now? Yes/No/I don't know." ANSWER THE QUESTION.
[Update: Amber Estes speaks!!!]
This event was entirely organized by Shane, who has become a staple of the Chicago Old School community and is one of the most likable people I know. Shane is also absolutely savage and went from a small but respectable Legacy/Commander collection with no Power, to being fully Powered with a sizable collection of Unlimited dual lands in the last year and a half. Go big or go home!
Initially, this tournament was scheduled to be run at the Dice Dojo , a small game shop in Chicago's Edgewater neighborhood. Our previous two events were hosted by Jaco at his commercial printing space, but Jaco has since moved to LA and was not able to host this time. The prior Sunday before the tournament, Shane and I met up and played some Old School at Hopewell Brewing 's tap room, where we met up with newcomer Dan Piquard and Old School innovator, Brandon Sanders for some games.
Hopewell is only about a 15-minute walk from my house, and I have been there many times before, but never to play MTG. It turns out that the space was completely amazing for gaming. There is a cart of board games right in the bar, and there are generally many games being played at any given time. They had six different beers on tap, and all that I tried were delicious (especially the saison and the sour). After many beers, friendly interested spectators, and Chaos Orb flips I was convinced that Hopewell would be the ideal location for our tournament and exclaimed this to Shane.
Picture of the taproom from Hopewell's website
I realized that the center table (foreground of the picture above) would be large enough to seat the entire tournament. This would be important in making an effort not to take up too much space. The space is also extremely well-lit and air conditioned. It's been extremely humid and in the mid and high 80s [ºF] for the last few weeks, so A/C is a huge plus.
I won the Hopewell growler and had it filled with the Hope Kettle Sour (awesome beer, in my opinion). I was allowed to pick one old Duelist issue and one card from the pool. I went with Duelist issue three from fall 1994, featuring Drew Tucker, one of my favorite MTG artists of all time. For my card, I chose the very mis-cut Unlimited Plains. I couldn't have been happier with my winnings.
Prizes
Shane tried to get prize shots of most people, unfortunately, he wasn't able to get everyone before they left, but here is what we have:
1st place - Danny "Dandân" Friedman 2nd place - Anthony Collora 3rd place - Nathan Mullen 4th place - Dominic Dotterrer 5th place - Nick Rohr 6th place - Michael Walker 7th place - James Tork 8th place - Shane Semmens 9th place - Stephen Maldonado 10th place - Bob Agra 11th place - Jim Bailey 12th place - Brandon Sanders 13th place - Dan Rech 14th place - Grant Casleton 15th place - John Beste 16th place - Dan Piquard Props and Slops
Props
Shane – for setting up and running this event. It's a ton of work to coordinate these tournaments with attendees from multiple states, having to find a venue to run the event in (for free at that), and all of the other small details. After losing both Dominic and Jaco to California, Shane has really stepped up to the plate. He also organized a Chicago Vintage League that is now in its final week prior to playoffs and has been a blast to play in. He's a boss.
Dom – for being the most functional drunk I have ever met, only possibly rivaled by
Dan Piquard – for diving head-first into Old School and coming to this event. In all fairness, he may have finished at a much higher placing if he had stayed past the first couple rounds (he had a scheduling conflict).
Bob – for jumping on the tournament last-minute and filling the place of another who couldn't make it at the last minute.
Nathan – for figuring out, along with Dom, how to run WER and get our event paired properly. The tournament went off right on time, and we have the combined efforts of Nathan, Shane, and Dom to thank for that.
Anthony – for handling the food ordering and getting some delicious
Slops
Our two favorite attendees from central Wisconsin, James Tork and Dan Rech – who both lost matches to missed
Shane – for setting up and running this event. It's a ton of work to coordinate these tournaments with attendees from multiple states, having to find a venue to run the event in (for free at that), and all of the other small details. After losing both Dominic and Jaco to California, Shane has really stepped up to the plate. He also organized a Chicago Vintage League that is now in its final week prior to playoffs and has been a blast to play in. He's a boss.Dom – for being the most functional drunk I have ever met, only possibly rivaled by Sam Krohlow , and flying out to Chicago over his birthday weekend to sling cardboard with us. This tournament, and weekend in general, wouldn't have been anywhere near as great without him.Dan Piquard – for diving head-first into Old School and coming to this event. In all fairness, he may have finished at a much higher placing if he had stayed past the first couple rounds (he had a scheduling conflict).Bob – for jumping on the tournament last-minute and filling the place of another who couldn't make it at the last minute.Nathan – for figuring out, along with Dom, how to run WER and get our event paired properly. The tournament went off right on time, and we have the combined efforts of Nathan, Shane, and Dom to thank for that.Anthony – for handling the food ordering and getting some delicious Dante's Pizza to the tournament goers. We hadn't seen him playing MTG in a while and it was great to have him at the tournament. On a side note, I think the Relic War marks my first Old School tournament win against him, EVER.Our two favorite attendees from central Wisconsin, James Tork and Dan Rech – who both lost matches to missed Chaos Orb flips. If James had won the flip against me, it would have knocked me from first into the sixth place slot and would have been absolutely savage.
John – on being the only attendee to fail to get me a picture deck list, although he did text it (see his list earlier in the post).
Nathan – for not singing
Shane – for nearly losing his phone on Friday in our Uber and not knowing any of his passwords so he could log into Uber on my phone and contact the driver.
Additional Relic War Photos
Brandon (Deadguy Ale) vs Shae ('Lil Dom)
Dom (Fatties) vs Shane ('Lil Dom)
Dan P (U/W Skies) vs John ('94 Tron)
Nathan (White Weenie) vs Dom (Fatties)
Nathan (White Weenie) vs Dom (Fatties)
Dom (Fatties) vs Shane ('Lil Dom)
Dom (Fatties) vs Shane ('Lil Dom)
Dom (Fatties) vs Shane ('Lil Dom)
Tournament seating
Tournament seating
Dan R (The Deck) vs Grant (R/G/B Tempo)
Dan R (The Deck) vs Grant (R/G/B Tempo)
James (Deadguy + Blue) vs Bob (Tax-Edge)
James (Deadguy + Blue) vs Dan P (U/W Skies)
James (Deadguy + Blue) vs Shane ('Lil Dom)
Anthony (5C Good Stuff) vs Jim (R/B Tempo)
Mike (White Weenie) vs Anthony (5C Good Stuff)
Mike (White Weenie) vs Anthony (5C Good Stuff)
Mike (White Weenie) vs Nick (Big Pink)
Nathan's hand against Mike
Too many prizes to sign
Tournament Aftermath
After the tournament ended, may of us hung around at Hopewell drinking beers, taking care of unfinished Vintage league matches, playing Nathan's Type 4 stack, and of course, more Old School. Everyone I spoke with had an awesome time, despite numerous "bad beats" stories (but that is standard after any MTG event).
After we'd all drank all the could drink and OD'd on Magic, we disbanded and headed our separate ways. Dom had been a more serious drinker than I had been all day, and seemed to be feeling the effects. Aside from a dull headache, I was doing pretty well. We walked back to my house to drop our cards off (and my new Growler of Hopewell All Hope Kettle Sour) and start thinking about dinner.
Dom and I ended up going out for Thai/Japanese at a local place that has been real good every time I've been there,
After dinner, we stopped back at my place, and Elise was there and convinced Dom to go out again to Alice's. I tagged along but didn't drink anything. Instead, I watched Elise and Dom pound down mixed drinks with shots of tequila in between. By 1:30AM, they were fading fast and their karaoke songs had yet to be called, so I walked while they stumbled home.
The next day (Sunday) is a blur to me at this point, but I recall that Shane met up with Dom and me, and we repeated our Friday; we went to Handlebar again, and this time I ordered the chimichanga. We went to Map Room again meeting up with Grant, Grant's fiancée, Katy, and Mike and played more Old School. We disbanded pretty early since I had to work the next morning, and Dom had to wake up at 3AM to catch the train to O'Hare for his flight.
The three-day weekend was one of the best in recent memory. I was super bummed out to have missed the recent
Shane and I have been brainstorming some fun ideas in preparation for
I'm going to try and post a bit more regularly, so that not all posts are this long, but I make no guarantees!
Keep making those
Until next time...
//Danny John – on being the only attendee to fail to get me a picture deck list, although he did text it (see his list earlier in the post).Nathan – for not singing Homiez at Alice's – I don't care if you don't know the words.Shane – for nearly losing his phone on Friday in our Uber and not knowing any of his passwords so he could log into Uber on my phone and contact the driver.After the tournament ended, may of us hung around at Hopewell drinking beers, taking care of unfinished Vintage league matches, playing Nathan's Type 4 stack, and of course, more Old School. Everyone I spoke with had an awesome time, despite numerous "bad beats" stories (but that is standard after any MTG event).After we'd all drank all the could drink and OD'd on Magic, we disbanded and headed our separate ways. Dom had been a more serious drinker than I had been all day, and seemed to be feeling the effects. Aside from a dull headache, I was doing pretty well. We walked back to my house to drop our cards off (and my new Growler of Hopewell All Hope Kettle Sour) and start thinking about dinner.Dom and I ended up going out for Thai/Japanese at a local place that has been real good every time I've been there, Trike Noodle . Fortunately, Trike is BYOB (for those of you not from Chicago, this is a common thing here for businesses that cannot acquire or afford liquor licenses), and we didn't know to bring any beer or hard alcohol with us. I don't think I could have handled any more alcohol.After dinner, we stopped back at my place, and Elise was there and convinced Dom to go out again to Alice's. I tagged along but didn't drink anything. Instead, I watched Elise and Dom pound down mixed drinks with shots of tequila in between. By 1:30AM, they were fading fast and their karaoke songs had yet to be called, so I walked while they stumbled home.The next day (Sunday) is a blur to me at this point, but I recall that Shane met up with Dom and me, and we repeated our Friday; we went to Handlebar again, and this time I ordered the chimichanga. We went to Map Room again meeting up with Grant, Grant's fiancée, Katy, and Mike and played more Old School. We disbanded pretty early since I had to work the next morning, and Dom had to wake up at 3AM to catch the train to O'Hare for his flight.The three-day weekend was one of the best in recent memory. I was super bummed out to have missed the recent Team Serious Invitational (congrats to Ben on merc'ing the shit out of the field with Two-Card Monte) and Gen Con, but this weekend with the Chicago Old School crew more than made up for it.Shane and I have been brainstorming some fun ideas in preparation for Eternal Weekend , and I couldn't be more excited – this will make it to the blog soon enough! When I last spoke with Jaco, he already had over 50 people pre-registered for the EC Eternal Weekend Old School event , and the list keeps on growing. If you plan on playing Old School at EW, email Jaco and get on the list.I'm going to try and post a bit more regularly, so that not all posts are this long, but I make no guarantees!Keep making those Chaos Orb flips – you never know when it will win you a growler of beer.Until next time...//Danny
I've been trying to keep my blog posts at about one per month – unfortunately, this one's about half a month late, but I didn't want to post anything unless I had something worthwhile. I'm glad to report that I won The Relic War, Chicago's recent Old School tournament on Saturday, July 30th. That makes two consecutive wins, and the first person in our group to have pulled that off (although I imagine that my luck probably won't last through the next event – here's hoping that it will).Before I jump into the full-on tournament report of the Relic War, I want to paint a complete picture of the crazy weekend that ensued which is perfectly representative of what I love about the Chicago Old School community, and Old School communities in general. When MTG is more about having a good time than winning games, it leads to some very enjoyable assemblages of people. I've experienced this in Northern California Gothenburg , and Chicago – in a not-so-minor way, this is largely what this blog is all about.
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's campaign shake-up is being seen on Capitol Hill as yet another shot across the bow of the GOP establishment.
The changes in effect demote Paul Manafort, the campaign chairman who had been urging the Republican presidential nominee to show more restraint, and promote pollster Kellyanne Conway to the position of campaign manager.
ADVERTISEMENT
But the real bombshell came with the recruitment of Steve Bannon, an executive with the conservative news organization Breitbart, as the campaign's CEO.
Breitbart has been synonymous with attacks on the GOP leadership, especially in recent weeks and months. A particular foe: Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.).
Back in May, Breitbart drew considerable criticism for a story that suggested Ryan was hypocritical for opposing Trump's Muslim ban while sending his own children to Catholic school.
“Ryan sends his children to a private school that uses a ‘religious test' in its admissions process,” the story stated.
More recently, as Ryan faced a primary challenge, Breitbart pounded out a drumbeat of negative stories. Among the headlines: “Paul Ryan plummets to 43 percent in new primary poll”; “Paul Ryan running scared in final days ahead of primary election”; “Desperate Paul Ryan floods Wisconsin with misleading television ads.”
The site has also suggested that Sen. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) is insufficiently rock-ribbed when it comes to standing up to Democrats.
That coverage, together with Breitbart's broader reputation for inflammatory journalism, is causing consternation on Capitol Hill.
That isn't likely to bother Bannon much — a Bloomberg Businessweek profile 10 months ago referred to his cooption of the phrase “honey badger don't give a shit” as the Breitbart motto.
But Capitol Hill Republicans already disheartened by Trump's scorched-earth campaign were apoplectic over the Wednesday morning shake-up.
“Breitbart has no credibility outside of the most extreme conservative wing of our party. Frankly, the same could be said of Kellyanne Conway,” one House member and close Ryan ally who has publicly endorsed Trump said in a text-message tirade.
“This would seem to signal that Trump is ready to go double-barrel against all of Washington, Republicans and Democrats alike,” the GOP lawmaker continued. “Breitbart takes a flamethrower to Washington and plays very loose with the facts. I would anticipate an even more bellicose, even less-connected-to-the-facts approach from the Trump campaign moving forward.”
Other sources who spoke with The Hill were much more complimentary of Conway — but, for the most part, just as scathing of Bannon and Breitbart.
Long-time Republican strategist John Feehery, who is also a columnist for The Hill, said he thought Conway was “a good hire” who could “bring some much-needed discipline” to Trump's quest.
But he added, regarding Bannon's elevation: “I know how it is going to be perceived on the Hill and among the leadership: it's not gonna be perceived very well. Because Breitbart is nuts! They're unhinged. They do stories that are not journalistically credible.”
Feehery added that if Trump were going to “run a Breitbart-type campaign, we are going to get 30 percent of the vote.”
Fears about how a take-no-prisoners approach might backfire electorally were also heard from lawmakers.
A second House Republican who has endorsed Trump said: “This doesn't sound to me like someone interested in running a rational, positive message, let alone winning. Breitbart isn't a legitimate news organization. It's a disgraceful propaganda machine that is trying to divide the party.
“I think Trump wants to lose but have media control over 25 percent of the party so he can make money off of them.”
Still, Bannon does have some backers on Capitol Hill.
Rep. Dave Brat (R-Va.), the little-known economic professor who upset then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor Eric Ivan CantorPelosi warns GOP: Next president could declare national emergency on guns Ousted GOP lawmaker David Brat named dean at Liberty University business school Trump, GOP seeks to shift blame for shutdown to Pelosi MORE in a 2014 GOP primary race, recently appeared on Bannon's radio show in New York to promote his new book, “American Underdog.”
“Steve Bannon certainly will be great at reflecting the populist issues that have shaken the political world for the past couple years,” Brat told The Hill on Wednesday.
“He has his finger on the pulse of the American people, and so I am sure he will make these issues ... front and center in this campaign, including the war on [the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria], immigration-related issues, crony trade deals and using all the levers of American power to ensure that we put the American people first.”
When asked if the Speaker had any issue with a Breitbart executive leading Trump's campaign, Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck declined to comment.
But Buck raised eyebrows by sending a tweet on Wednesday saying, “Free idea: Election Day on September 8th instead of November 8th.”
Sardonic or otherwise, his words reflected a near-horror among establishment-minded Republicans about the direction of the Trump campaign. In recent weeks, the GOP nominee has created controversies with an attack on a Gold Star family; a suggestion that “Second Amendment people” could act against Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE; and an insistence that President Obama founded ISIS.
The fear, at least among some, is that Bannon's hire will lead the campaign into even more such furors.
Stuart Stevens, who served as senior strategist on 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney's campaign, tweeted Wednesday, “The RNC shouldn't give a dime or help in anyway a campaign run by Breitbart. It's like funding CDC run by a Witch Doctor.”
Rick Tyler, who served as communications director for the presidential campaign of Trump's main rival in the Republican primary, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE, told The Hill, “I just don't know what [Bannon] adds. I think Mr. Trump has already won over the Breitbart crowd. I don't know how Steve Bannon helps attract more people to Trump.”
Others took a more philosophical approach. Michael Steele, a former chairman of the Republican National Committee, said the personnel changes showed that Trump was “going to play this hard all the way through.”
Steele added, “There was a lot of wishful thinking, including from me, that he will make a turn, a pivot. Well, there should be no further expectations for him to do anything like that.”
The changes, Steele said, reflected a belief on Trump's part that “this campaign is going to succeed or fail on what got us here. It's really kinda looking into the rearview mirror at the establishment, saying: There you are. You're either going to get into the car with him or you're not."
Bitcoin IRA, a Los Angeles company allowing Americans to invest in cryptocurrency in an IRS-approved retirement account, is now offering Litecoin (LTC), Ethereum Classic (ETC), and Bitcoin Cash (BCH) for investment.
Learn how to buy Bitcoin and Ethereum safely with our simple guide!
Join the iFX EXPO Asia and discover your gateway to the Asian Markets
Suggested articles Why Brokerages Outsource Their Broker TechnologyGo to article >>
“Bitcoin has become the gateway to a new way of investing and altcoins are further advancing that momentum,” said Chris Kline, Chief Operations Officer at Bitcoin IRA. “The value of cryptocurrencies goes beyond the price of each coin, it's really the underlying technology that's going to revolutionize our financial system. We're excited to offer our customers the chance to capitalize on this technology and build a retirement portfolio with Bitcoin and altcoins.”
Bitcoin IRA now offers six coins for investment: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, XRP, Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash – and individuals can roll over retirement funds into whole coins or into a percentage of each. All cryptocurrency investments are held in a multi-signature BitGo wallet with three keys kept in ‘cold storage'.
Earlier this week, Bitcoin.com announced that Bitcoin Cash (BCH) support has been integrated into all the company's wallets. The company, headed by Roger Ver, aka “Bitcoin Jesus”, said that this represents a “beautiful movement for more adoption” of this newly forked coin.
One of the things that terrifies me most about a new project is the starting point. How is the content laid out? What colors do I pick? Once things like that are decided, it becomes significantly easier to continue design, but it's the blank page where I spend the most time.
To that end, I often start by choosing type. I don't need to worry about colors or layout or anything else… just the right typefaces that support the art direction. (This article won't focus on how to choose a typeface, but there are some really great resources if you interested in that sort of thing.)
And just like that, all your work is done. “Hold it just a second,” you might say. “All I've done is picked type. I still have to do the rest!”
To which I would reply, “Silly rabbit. You already have!” You see, picking the right typeface gets you farther than you might think. Here are a few tips on taking cues from type to design interfaces and interface elements.
Perfecting Web 2.0
If you're going for that beloved rounded corner look, you might class it up a bit by choosing the wonderful Omnes Pro by Joshua Darden. As the typeface already has a rounded aesthetic, making buttons that fit the style should be pretty easy.
I've found that using multiples helps to keep your interfaces looking balanced and proportional. Noticing that the top left edge of the letter “P” has about an 12px corner radius, let's choose a 24px radius for our button (a multiple of 2), so that we get proper rounded corners. By taking mathematical measurements from the typeface, our button looks more thought out than just “place arbitrary text on arbitrarily-sized button.” Pretty easy, eh?
What's in a name(plate)?
Rounded buttons are pretty popular buttons nowadays, so let's try something a bit more stylized.
Have a gander at Brothers, a sturdy face from Emigre. The chiseled edges give us a perfect cue for a stylized button. Using the same slope, you can make plated-looking buttons that fit a different kind of style.
Headlining
You might even take some cues from the style of the typeface itself. Didone serifs are known for their lack of bracketsーthat is, a gradual transition from the stem to the serif. Instead, they typically connect at a right angle. Another common characteristic is the high contrast in the strokes: very thick stems, very thin serifs.
So, when using a high contrast typeface, you can use it to your advantage to enhance hierarchy. Following our “multiples” guideline, a 12px measurement from the stems helps us create a top rule with a height of 24px (a multiple of 2). We can take the exact 1px measurement from the serif—a multiple of 1—to create the bottom rule. Voilà! I use this technique a lot.
Swashbucklers
And don't forget the importance of visual “speed bumps” to break up long passages of text. A beautiful face like Alejandro Paul's Ministry Script has over a thousand characters that can be manipulated or even combined to create elegant interface elements. Altering the partial differential character (∂) creates a delightful ornament that can help to guide the eye through content.
Stagger & Swagger
What about layout? How can we use typography to inform how our content is displayed?
Let's take a typeface like Assembler. We might use this for a design that needs to feel uneasy or uncomfortable. In design terms, that might translate into using irregular shapes and asymmetry. Using the proportional distances and degrees from the perpendiculars, we could easily create a multi-column layout that jives with the general tone. And for all you skeptics that don't think a layout like this is doable on the web, stranger things have happened.
Overall Design Direction
Finally, your typography could impact the entire look of the site, from the navigation to the interaction and everything in between. Check out how the (now-defunct) Nike Free site's typography echoes the product itself, and in turn influences the navigation.
Find Your Type
With thousands of fonts to choose from, the possibilities are ridiculously open. From angles to radii to color to weight, you've got endless fodder before you. Great type designers spent countless hours slaving over these detailed letterforms; take advantage of it! Don't feel like you have to limit yourself to the same old Helvetica and wet floors… unless your design calls for it.
Happy hunting!
AquaBounty Technologies
A fast-growing salmon has become the first genetically engineered animal to be approved for human consumption in the United States.
The decision, issued by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on 19 November, releases the salmon from two decades of regulatory limbo. The move was met with swift opposition from some environmental and food-safety groups.
But for advocates of the technology, the decision comes as a relief after a long and vexing wait. They say that it could spur the development of other genetically engineered animals. “It opens up the possibility of harnessing this technology,” says Alison Van Eenennaam, an animal geneticist at the University of California, Davis. “The regulatory roadblock had really been disincentivizing the world from using it.”
The genetically modified fish, called ‘AquAdvantage' salmon, were engineered by AquaBounty Technologies of Maynard, Massachusetts, to express higher levels of a growth hormone than wild salmon. The fish grow to full size in 18 months rather than 3 years.
According to proponents of the technology, these modifications mean that the fish require smaller amounts of food and other resources per kilogram of harvested fish, and that the modified salmon could ease pressure caused by heavy fishing of wild populations.
Upstream battles
Opponents fear that engineered fish could escape from their farms and might alter natural ecosystems. They also criticize the lack of a requirement that the meat be labelled as genetically engineered.
“Huge numbers of people have said, ‘Yes, we want it labelled,'” says Jaydee Hanson, a senior policy analyst at the Center for Food Safety, an environmental-advocacy group in Washington DC. “If this is such a good product, the company itself should be saying it will label it.”
The FDA completed its food-safety assessment in 2010, and released its environmental-impact statement at the end of 2012. The long delay between the completion of those steps and a final decision led to rumours of political interference. But Laura Epstein, a senior policy analyst for the FDA's Center for Veterinary Medicine, says that the approval took so long because it was the first of its kind. “With most products that are the first of its kind, we are very careful,” she says. The agency also had to wade through many public comments before it could issue a decision, she adds.
The FDA declined to comment on whether other applications for approval are in the regulatory pipeline. It is also unclear how the agency will handle animals that are genetically engineered using newer genome-editing technologies such as CRISPR, Van Eenennaam says.
Alleged attacker: Steven Nigg is accused of beating up Jared Fogle
Convicted pedophile Jared Fogle has been subjected to a prison yard beating by a 60-year-old armed robber with a hatred of child molesters.
The former Subway spokesman, who is serving a 15 year jail term for trading child pornography and having sex with underage prostitutes, was tackled to the ground and then punched repeatedly in the face by a fellow inmate on January 29.
The 38-year-old was left with a bloody nose, scratched neck and swollen face following the attack by criminal Steven Nigg, 60, at Colorado's Englewood FCI.
According to the official report filed at the prison, Nigg, 'assaulted Fogle by pushing him to the ground and striking Fogle multiple times in the face with a closed fist.'
'Fogle sustained a small cut on his hand and an abrasion on his left knee from the concrete during the assault.'
Nigg, who is serving time on gun charges related to a decades-old crime spree through Arizona, assaulted Fogle in the prison's recreation yard.
The armed robber walked away from the fight unscathed but was punished with time spent in solitary confinement, TMZ reported.
Nigg - who has been behind bars on and off from 1976 was reportedly angry at the many child sex predators housed in the low security facility.
Scroll down for video
The former Subway spokesman was attacked by a fellow inmate in the prison yard at Englewood FCI
Fogle rose to fame when he appeared in the fast-food chain's adverts, after shedding more than 200lbs (91kg), in part by eating Subway sandwiches
Fogle rose to fame when he appeared in the fast-food chain's adverts, after shedding more than 200lbs (91kg), in part by eating Subway sandwiches.
But a raid on his suburban Indianapolis home and the resulting criminal case destroyed his lucrative career with the sandwich restaurant chain.
He pleaded guilty to one count each of travelling to engage in illicit sexual conduct with a minor and distribution and receipt of child pornography.
Fogle, a father-of-two, also admitted having sex with two prostitutes aged under 18 at hotels in New York City.
His earliest possible release date is July 11, 2029 - just a month before his 52nd birthday.
His attacker, Nigg, is scheduled for a 2024 release from prison.
He initially served time in prison from 1976 to 1990 when he and partner in crime carried out three armed robberies, stealing $670.
Having been set free, Nigg moved to Wisconsin where he moved in with his father, married and began working at a consignment shop.
But in 2010 the convicted felon was found guilty of possession [and selling] of firearms and sent back to prison.
Account: This is the prison incident report for the January 29 assault upon Jared Fogle by Steven Nigg
A recent survey [PDF] of cellphone users revealed that more than half of Verizon's customer base would abandon their current phones for an iPhone if given the opportunity.
Market research firm ChangeWave polled more than 4,000 cellphone users for the study. Of the Verizon customers surveyed, 19% said they would "very likely" purchase an iPhone if it became available on Verizon, while another 34% claimed that they would be "somewhat likely" to purchase.
Sprint and T-Mobile customers were less enthusiastic about the device. 11% of of Sprint and T-Mobile customers said they would "very likely" buy the iPhone if it became available via their carrier, and only 33% and 28% said they would be "somewhat likely" to buy, respectively.
"The survey results show an unprecedented level of pent up demand for the iPhone among Verizon subscribers," the survey noted. "If Verizon were ever to offer the iPhone… [it would have] a profound and likely transformational impact on the industry."
Although many Verizon customers want an iPhone, very few are willing to switch to AT&T to get it. 49% of Verizon customers — the highest in the industry — claimed that they were "very satisfied" with the carrier. Furthermore, only 7% said they were "very likely" or "somewhat likely" to switch wireless providers in the next 90 days, compared to 8% of AT&T, 10% of Sprint and 14% of T-Mobile subscribers.
The study again leaves us asking: When will the iPhone come to Verizon?
[via ComputerWorld]
Cast aside your Wii Fit Balance Boards... Actually, clear your entire living room! It's time to get fit with the Super Nintendo. The incredibly rare Nintendo Exertainment Life Cycle exercise bike (with a mounted TV & console) and accompanying game cartridge has surfaced on eBay, but that slim-line 16-bit figure will come at a cost.
The Life Cycle was an exercise bike released in the US which offered compatibility with the Super Nintendo console. The idea behind the Life Cycle was rather simple, it allowed you to decide how to pass the time exercising, by allowing you to either watch TV, follow fitness programs or even play video games - all whilst pedalling away the pounds.
Two specially designed games were released for this fitness system, the Exertainment Mountain Bike Rally and Speed Racer (based upon the Anime of the same name). The first of these two was available on its own, while the the latter came bundled with the other. Needless to say both of these game cartridges are considerable rarities today, fetching huge figures on eBay when they surface.
Funnily enough many of these exercise bike systems were installed in gyms around the US, a fact which happens to lead us to the auction currently on eBay. One avid Nintendo collector has recently listed his Life Cycle 9XS exercise bike and accompanying game cartridge on eBay. As fantastic as this piece of hardware is, its desirability coupled with its extreme rarity only adds to the price tag - one which happens to be sat at $10,000.
Nevertheless be sure to check out this Super Nintendo obscurity and unusual collectible.
Nintendo Exertainment Life Cycle 9XS + Mountain Bike Rally/Speed Racer on eBay
Thomas Green – aka ROCKWELL - has without question been one of the most exhilarating talents to come out of the drum and bass scene in recent times, heralded by the music press as one of the most distinct artists working today. His incredible talent has seen him release on the likes of Digital Soundboy, Renegade Hardware, Critical and Darkestral, and now Shogun Audio.
Tracks such as ‘Underpass', ‘Reverse Engineering' and ‘4U' highlighted ROCKWELL as one of the most original and talented producers in bass music, constantly dazzling with painstaking construction, beautiful arrangements and seemingly effortless ingenuity. His music offers unique textures seldom heard in electronic music, let alone drum and bass, and his unmistakable signature sound and ability enables Rockwell to demolish a dance floor with one hand while soothing your soul with the other.
During 2012 Rockwell fired out some inspired work; bona fide dance floor gems such as ‘Tripwire' and the outstanding ‘Constantcomplexrhythmicsound' sat alongside huge remixes for the likes of Netsky and Jubei whilst his final release of the year ‘Childhood Memories' pushed the boundaries even further. Delving way outside the constraints of 170bpm, Rockwell picked up support from across the bass music spectrum including Annie Mac, Mistajam, Chase & Status and Zane Lowe who selected it as his 'Next Hype' track on Radio1.
Then in 2013 a legend was born, that legend bore the name ‘Detroit' and became the most iconic Rockwell track yet, blowing up Zane Lowe's sub live on air on Radio 1, rendering Mistajam speechless and caving in every club around the globe in the sets of Friction, Andy C and all the rest. The year also saw Tom take on his very own radio show as part of BBC Radio 1's Residency and In New DJ's We Trust schedule showing him to be natural behind the mic and prepare him for many a fill-in for Friction's D&B show.
Teased by tracks like ‘I Need U' and ‘1234' in 2014 rumours of the incoming album were rife. Now in 2015 Rocky's debut album ‘Obsolete Medium' is here, an electronic adrenaline shot that mixes straight up hard-hitting D&B with sonic experiments that will leave jaws well and truly dropped.
Not only an awe-inspiring producer but a formidable DJ in his own right, Rockwell sets have been lighting up clubs all over the world from Amnesia Ibiza to Boiler Room TV such is his diversity. Whether he's playing a Radio 1 show or a heaving club, his increasing tendency to switch the BPM's during his hi-octane drum & bass has truly set him apart. Behind the decks as in the studio, Rockwell always keeps you on your toes.
Australian company launches home solar storage battery to take on electronics giant Tesla
Updated
With the number of depleted home solar batteries being thrown away tipped to rise over the coming years, one Australian company is taking on electronic giants such as Tesla and Panasonic with the launch of an easily recyclable power source.
Key points: Unlike its big competitors, the ZCell does not use lithium
It stores enough energy to keep most homes running for a day or two
Concerns are being raised about how to dispose of dead home storage batteries
About 8,000 tonnes of lithium-ion batteries are thrown away every year and in the next 20 years that is expected to jump to 150,000 tonnes, partly due to a rise in the use of big home solar batteries, according to the Australian Battery Recycling Initiative.
Brisbane company Redflow says it has developed the ZCell battery that, unlike its competitors, does not use lithium and is more recyclable than its competitors.
"The active parts are plastic, aluminium and steel, the fluid electrolyte can be removed and cleaned and put in the next battery so the whole thing is very recyclable," executive chairman Simon Hackett said.
The battery is designed to store 10kWh of electricity — enough to keep most homes running for a day or two.
"It's a very effective high capacity battery. It's about the size of a bar-fridge on its side and it goes outside an external wall of your house."
With the end of generous government rebates for power being fed back into grid, the demand for home batteries has soared.
Some 1.5 million homes have solar panels installed and, because of that, international heavyweights like LG and Enphase have launched various battery models in Australia this year.
In NSW, generous premiums paid to homeowners for exporting their solar electricity to the grid are set to expire at the end of the year.
More than 146,000 households are about to see their feed-in tariff drop from as high as 60c/kWh to just under 5c/kWh.
Call for recycling regulations as battery uptake increases
But with a growing battery uptake, is there a future problem in the making?
Helen Lewis, Australian Battery Recycling Initiative chief executive, said most batteries being sold have a life span of 10 years and is calling for the Government to accelerate negotiations with the industry for a battery recycling scheme.
Do you know more about this story? Email investigations@abc.net.au.
"We don't have any regulations that require recycling of batteries at the moment. We'd like to see that come into force sometime over the next few years."
Dr Lewis warned that it took almost 10 years to install a TV recycling program.
"We certainly don't want to see batteries sitting on the kerb like we saw for TVs and computers a few years ago," she said.
However another enterprising company in Victoria has seen a market opportunity.
PF Metals has just opened a pilot lithium-ion battery recycling plant.
The machine crunches down mobile phone and laptop batteries to their component parts and sells them to be remade into batteries.
"That lithium-ion dust can go back into manufacturing new energy systems and that's why we're quite excited about the process because we're creating something that can go back into all-new products," the firm said.
The chemistry of many large household batteries is similar to smaller batteries.
So managing director Andrew Mackenzie is aiming to scale his facility up to handle the larger batteries.
Redflow announced its new battery to the ASX this morning.
Topics: alternative-energy, environment, solar-energy, energy, science-and-technology, australia, melbourne-3000
First posted
Preparatory work for an implementing act on labelling vegan and vegetarian food will begin in 2019, the European Commission confirmed last week in its Regulatory Fitness and Performance Programme Scoreboard Summary​,​ published as part of the ongoing REFIT programme, which aims to make EU regulation and policy-making more efficient and cost-effective.
Back in 2011, article 36 of the European regulation on Food Information to Consumers (EUFIC) noted the Commission was required to adopt an implementing act on information “related to suitability of food for vegetarians or vegans”.​
Crucially, however, this regulation did not specify a time-frame for this act and the Commission has been dragging its feet on the implementing act since EUFIC came into force.
Last week's announcement was welcomed by the European Vegetarian Union (EVU), which has been lobbying the EU for a definition since 2008.
“European consumers of vegan and vegetarian foods as well as their suppliers in production and retail will be able to rely on one set of rules for plant-based food. This will improve the positions of all parties involved in the food chain,” ​it said.
“The commitment of the EU-Executive is now on record and paves the way for a crucial piece of ‘vegetarian law'.”​
FDE: 'A definition is essential'
EVU's definition of vegetarian and vegan:​ Vegan foods​​ are not of animal origin and in which, at no stage of production and processing, use has been made of or the food has been supplemented with: - ingredients (including additives, carriers, flavourings and enzymes) - processing aids - substances which are not food additives but are used in the same way and with the same purpose as processing aids in either processed or unprocessed form that are of animal origin. Vegetarian foods​​ meet the requirements of paragraph 1 with the difference that in their production, the following may be added or used: - milk, - colostrum, - eggs - honey - beeswax, - propolis - wool grease (including lanolin derived from the wool of living sheep or their components or derivatives) (tra​​nslation by EVU)​​
The EVU has been working with FoodDrinkEurope (FDE), the association that represents the interests of European food and drink manufacturers, on a draft definition of the terms (see below).
An FDE spokesperson said it fully supported the Commission's work on defining vegetarian and vegan foods.
“​Taking into account the rising interest in and demand for vegan and vegetarian foods and the correspondingly increasing relevance of this market segment, a definition is essential in order to guarantee the freedom of choice of the consumers as well as the proper functioning of the single market for foodstuffs. We are working together with the EVU and stand ready to further support this process."​
Legal certainty
According to Oliver Hartmann, legal consultant at Keller and Heckman, the Commission's commitment to begin the implementing act is a positive development that “will create some legal certainty”.​
“On the one hand, this could be seen as a surprise to some extent because recently the Commission mentioned it could not commit to a timing for the draft. But, on the other hand, there has been some pressure on the Commission to finally act, especially from the REFIT platform and because of developments at national levels,” ​he told FoodNavigator.
In 2016, consumer protection ministers of the German federal states [Länder​] unanimously voted in favour of a proposal​​ for a legal definition of the terms vegan and vegetarian.
The wording of the definition was jointly and consensually developed by a Länder​ working group; industry lobby, the German Federation for Food Law and Food Science (Bund für Lebensmittelrecht und Lebensmittelkunde) and VEBU, the German branch of the EVU.
However, Hartmann said it was difficult to say when the definition would actually enter into force, giving food manufacturers a level playing field across the bloc.
Once the Commission finalises its draft, member state representatives in the Standing Committee will vote for or against its adoption.
The EVU admitted that other upcoming political issues in 2019 could sideline the draft.
“The EVU will keenly watch over [this], so that Brexit, elections to the European Parliament and the appointment of a new College of Commissioners, all of which will be happening in 2019, will pose no distraction for the cause,”​ it said.
In addition to vegetarian and vegan labelling, the REFIT Platform adopted also adopted two opinions in the field of health and food safety; one on pesticides residues and on traditional herbal medicines. "The opinions will be followed up through the ongoing evaluations on the pesticides legislative framework and on the health claims regulation,"​ the Commission said.
The Tawana Brawley case that captivated New York in the late eighties is a shocking reminder of the toxic mix racial exploitation and personal ambition can produce. The New York Times and Retroreport.org have just released a new 15-minute documentary on the despicable hoax, which should be required viewing for the NBC News executives who are heavily invested in rehabilitating a key culprit of this loathsome episode: the Rev. Al Sharpton.
Brawley was 15 years old in 1987, when she was found in her hometown of Wappingers Falls, New York, with “Bitch,” “KKK,” and “N***r” written on her stomach, her jeans burnt in the crotch, feces in her hair, and her tennis shoes sliced open. She said that she had been abducted and raped by a group of white men.
A trio of increasingly prominent, and radical, New York City black activists represented her and her family: attorneys Alton Maddox and C. Vernon Mason and the Rev. Al Sharpton. Brawley told them said that a cop had been one of her attackers, and Sharpton named that officer as Harry Crist Jr., a police officer from a nearby town who had committed suicide shortly after Brawley was found. Sharpton also named a local prosecutor, Steven Pagones, as one of the attackers. He offered no proof.
Gov. Mario Cuomo dispatched a veteran prosecutor, Jack Ryan, to handle the case. Brawley and her advisers refused to cooperate in any way with Ryan and his team. “That was the decision of the lawyers,” Sharpton says defensively in the Times interview. When asked why Brawley's team would not meet with New York State Attorney General Robert Abrams, Sharpton said it would be “like asking someone who watched someone killed in the gas chamber to sit down with Mr. Hitler.” Sharpton later accused Ryan of kicking a blind man in a scuffle with demonstrators. Ryan was nowhere near the scene.
After a six-month investigation a grand jury found that the entire episode had been a hoax, with Brawley having defaced herself to avoid the wrath of her stepfather after staying out late to visit a boyfriend.
Subsequently, both of her attorneys had their law licenses revoked (Mason for unrelated reasons) and Sharpton was found guilty of defamation in a lawsuit brought by prosecutor Steven Pagones, who quickly had been able to establish he had been nowhere near the scene of the alleged crime.
The Times documentary shows a wild-eyed Sharpton responding indignantly to a reporter's question of what proof he had of the policeman's guilt: “I have Tawana Brawley's words,” he sneers.
Instead of apologizing, Sharpton still asserts, a quarter century later, that he deserves credit for standing by the teen, asserting darkly in the Times documentary, “something happened.”
The Brawley case inflamed racial tensions in America and left victims like the falsely accused Pagones in its wake. But it helped launch Sharpton's career. Instead of an isolated incident of bad judgment and hysteria, Sharpton's behavior in the Brawley case is part of a life-long pattern.
Sharpton was a key player inflaming the 1991 Crown Heights riots following the death of a young African-American who was hit by an ambulance driven by a Hasidic driver. Sharpton called Jews “diamond merchants” with “the blood of innocent babies” on their hands. A mob subsequently attacked and murdered an innocent Hasidic Jewish student visiting from Australia. (Twenty-five years later, he wrote a mealy-mouthed not-quite apology for his rhetoric.)
A few years later, an African-American Pentecostal church asked a Jewish tenant of a church-owned property, Freddie Fashion's Mart, to evict one of his subtenants, an African-American-run record store. Sharpton led protests crying, “We will not stand by and allow them to move this brother so that some white interloper can expand his business.” One of the protesters attacked Freddie Fashion Mart, shot several customers, and started a fire that killed seven employees.
There are a lot of angry, twisted individuals in America and Sharpton is hardly alone in having spent decades vomiting hate, leaving innocent victims in his wake. What distinguishes Sharpton is the willingness of powerful people and organizations to look past the hate when they believe it may benefit them.
The Democratic Party and its candidates for president in 2004 were perfectly content to have Sharpton appear in presidential debates. Not one candidate called Sharpton out for his outrageous history of hate.
And today one of the great American news organizations, NBC News, is spending millions of dollars to rehabilitate and promote Al Sharpton. Americans have been pretty good at sniffing out and discarding haters, but here is Al Sharpton on NBC and MSNBC being promoted as a credible source of information. Sharpton has gone from manipulating the news with vile accusations to delivering the news for NBC. When the Boston-bombing story broke, there was Al Sharpton delivering breaking news for MSNBC.
“You would think that if he sold you such a terrible bill of goods for such a giant story that dominated the news for such a long time,” says former Village Voice journalist Wayne Barrett in the Times documentary, speaking to his journalist brethren, “that you would not show up at his next news conference with a camera.”
NBC has gone far beyond showing up. They have made the ethical and news judgment that Al Sharpton should be a credible news source for Americans. They have the right to make that decision, but what about the reason?
Here's a simple test that doesn't involve market research or complicated board meetings. If you are an NBC exec and have kids, sit down with them and watch the Times documentary on Tawana Brawley. And when your kids ask why your colleague Al Sharpton is working for NBC, you can explain to them why everything you've tried to teach them about honesty, fair play, and decency is wrong and Al Sharpton is right.
Good luck.
Indefinite jailing: Call for review as Indigenous driver involved in fatal crash remains in prison
Updated
Disability advocates are calling for an urgent review of the case of an Aboriginal man indefinitely jailed without trial since 2003 under laws for the mentally impaired.
Developmental Disability WA chief executive Taryn Harvey warned it was another case like that of mentally impaired Indigenous man, Marlon Noble, who was jailed for more than 10 years without a conviction over sexual assault charges.
The young man cannot be identified because he was a 14-year-old juvenile when he was imprisoned, and is known as Jason.
He and four others, including two 10-year-old boys and an 11-year-old girl, stole a car on August 18, 2003.
During a police pursuit, Jason drove the car through a red light and rolled it at an intersection in Perth's south-eastern suburb of Wilson.
His 12-year-old cousin was killed in the crash and Jason was charged with unlawful killing.
It sparked an angry debate between the Aboriginal community and then-premier Geoff Gallop, when he accused some Aboriginal parents and leaders of making excuses for their children when they broke the law.
Jason, who was under the influence of solvents at the time of the crash, was found unfit to enter a plea and stand trial. He has an intellectual disability and was left brain damaged from substance abuse.
Instead, he was jailed indefinitely under a court order imposed by the Mental Impaired Accused Board.
That was almost 11 years ago, and Jason is now 25 and detained in the medium-security Acacia prison.
No 'risk to community' says advocate
Ms Harvey has been nominated by Jason as his advocate.
On Monday, she wrote to Attorney-General Michael Mischin asking he requests a review of Jason's case by the board and exercise his executive authority to immediately free him.
That indefinite nature, that sense of not knowing when something's going to happen that's going to change your situation, is devastating for a person. Tarryn Harvey
Ms Harvey argued his ongoing imprisonment did not meet the Mental Impaired Accused Act for the "least restriction" of Jason's freedom after taking into account community safety and the safety of the mentally impaired accused person.
"We don't believe that when his case is considered in its entirety, that there's any case to be made for his ongoing imprisonment," she said.
"He doesn't represent a risk to the community, there's no history of violent behaviour, he's engaging with supports and we think those would be much more effectively provided for him in an alternative environment to prison.
"And at the moment, the only option for that is to be released."
Jason's mother, known as Sarah, has told Ms Harvey she is very concerned at the impact indefinite detention is having on her son, who has expressed a deep sense of hopelessness at the fact he may never be released.
Ms Harvey said indefinite detention was a very difficult concept for prisoners to cope with.
She pointed to the case of Mr Noble and Rosie Anne Fulton, who was held for 21 months in a Kalgoorlie jail without conviction because she was declared mentally unfit to stand trial on driving offences.
"That indefinite nature, that sense of not knowing when something's going to happen that's going to change your situation, is devastating for a person," Ms Harvey said.
According to figures cited in State Parliament last June, there were 37 people indefinitely detained as mentally unfit to plead.
Jailed without leave of absences
Ms Harvey also wanted clearer and more consistent safeguards for mentally impaired accused prisoners.
She explained under his custody order, Jason was entitled to a leave of absence, one of the steps to help prisoners move back into the community. But leaves of absences have not been allowed at Acacia since 2013.
He has also been classified as a medium security prisoner after facing drug charges in jail, which meant he could not be transferred to another prison which allowed leaves of absence.
Ms Harvey said the drug charges appeared inconsistent with the WA Government's response to an independent inquiry into Mr Noble's case.
She said the Government had indicated a direction would be given to prison superintendents to seek alternatives to prison charges for mental impaired accused.
Mr Mischin said he is not had time to closely examine Ms Harvey's letter and had not decided whether he would ask the Mentally Impaired Accused Review Board for advice.
He said a discussion paper on a review of the Mental Impaired Accused Act would be released by the end of the month.
Disability justice centres under construction
Mr Mischin foreshadowed in the future that mentally impaired people accused of crimes would be held in disability justice centres, currently under construction.
"We are doing more than has been done in the last 20 years in trying to establish one of these centres," he said.
"I'm confident that when that centre is set up it will be satisfactory.
"It will work to achieve the ends of looking after people who commit serious offences but are not criminally responsible for them."
Leaving a person in the prison system indefinitely, this smacks of the eastern block countries during the cold war. You just lock up the mental patients in a prison and hide them away. It's abhorrent. John Quigley
Opposition legal affairs spokesman John Quigley earlier this year introduced a private members bill whereby court orders for detention could be for no longer than the jail term a person would have received if they had been fit to stand trial and had pleaded guilty.
Mr Quigley said the Aboriginal man in question would have received between four to eight years jail for unlawfully killing someone in a traffic incident.
"In those circumstances, he would be released," he said.
"Leaving a person in the prison system indefinitely, this smacks of the eastern bloc countries during the cold war. You just lock up the mental patients in a prison and hide them away. It's abhorrent."
However, WA Aboriginal Legal Services director of legal services Peter Collins said that did not go far enough.
He called for a third option for the courts aside from indefinite court orders or dismissing any charges outright.
"What is desperately needed is an intermediary position if you like between dismissal and a custody order where a person who is unfit can be released back into the community on some sort of supervision order," Mr Collins said.
They would be supervised by health agencies and allowed to stay in the community, rather than being "warehoused" in jails.
Mr Collins said 32 per cent of all mentally impaired people detained indefinitely were Aboriginal, and that percentage would increase rapidly because of the rising incidence and diagnosis of foetal alcohol syndrome in Aboriginal communities.
"It is in essence untreatable and people don't get better for it," he said.
Topics: indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander, prisons-and-punishment, laws, law-crime-and-justice, perth-6000, wa, australia
First posted
Right-wing media figures are trying to change the focus from Mitt Romney's deceptive debate comments on the size of the U.S. Navy by distorting President Obama's statements on the changing nature of the military. During the October 22 presidential debate, Mitt Romney once again invoked the misguided talking point that under Obama, "our Navy is smaller now than any time since 1917." In response, Obama quipped that "we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military's changed." Right-wing media figures are responding to this self-evidently true statement by pretending that Obama said that the military no longer uses any bayonets or horses at all. Immediately following the debate, Fox News anchor Chris Wallace highlighted that a Marine "tweeted Fox News and said the Marines still use bayonets. So it may not be clear who doesn't understand what the military currently uses." Conservative blogger Michelle Malkin complained that "Mr. Snarky Commander McSnark" was "lecturing Romney on how we don't have bayonets anymore." At Breitbart.com, Joel Pollak also purported to fact-check Obama, writing that "the military still uses bayonets." Fox Nation has similarly posted a story headlined "Mr. President, US Special Forces Rode Horses Into Afghanistan." But these conservatives are putting words in Obama's mouth. The president never said the military doesn't use any horses or bayonets, just that they use fewer of them.
Indeed, a 2011 article in military newspaper Stars and Stripes (which is a Department of Defense authorized news outlet), highlighted the changing role of the bayonet in the military. The article explained that there hasn't been a bayonet charge since the Korean War and that "U.S. army units have not issued soldiers bayonets to Iraq and Afghanistan." (Nonetheless, the article noted that soldiers would still be trained to use a bayonet, just in a different capacity.)
In 2010, Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling, then the Training and Doctrine's deputy commanding general for Initial Military Training, explained the need for evolving bayonet training because it was "kind of hard to teach right now when most of the weapons we use don't have the ability to affix a bayonet."
The fact that our military is currently more reliant on things like helicopters and tanks as opposed to horses should be self-evident.
But all of the focus on Obama's invocation of bayonets and horses misses the larger point entirely, which is that Romney's assertion that the Navy is the smallest it's been since 1917 is outrageously misleading. A Washington Post fact check of Romney when he made this claim early in October labeled the attack "a nonsense fact" because "Romney equates gunboats with aircraft carriers and torpedo boats with nuclear-powered submarines."
Short Link
copy link
Please watch the following youtube video about the shark fin trade and read the message below:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mO7hvOtYnck
The following message is from the Humane Society International (Canada) about shark finning:
The continuing practice of shark finning, which is the practice of removing the fins and discarding the remainder of the alive shark back into the sea and leaving it to die, is having a devastating effect on shark species around the world. The global shark fin trade is unsustainable and cruel. Tens of millions of sharks (estimated to be higher than 73 million per year) are mutilated and left to die year after year to feed the demand for shark fin soup. We must do something to put a stop to this brutal trade because sharks play a critical role in maintaining healthy, balanced ecosystems that humans depend on.
With federal legislation that would stop the import of shark fins into Canada still pending, it's vital you let your Member of Parliament know you support the ban – and urge them to do the same!
There is still hope to save these iconic animals from extinction. Please take action. Sign this petetion and send a message to your Member of Parliament – ask them to support Bill C-380 and close the market for shark fins in Canada for good.
As a (mostly vegan) vegetarian for ethical reasons, I've encountered all sorts of responses to arguments for animal welfare. Here's one that I've heard surprisingly often, nabbed from a comment to a recent article arguing that atheists should be vegan:
"There are so many other human issues in this world for me to care about to also get all up in caring about factory animals."
With so many pressing human needs, the logic goes, there's no room for compassionate action toward nonhuman animals.
The underlying assumption is that being good is a zero-sum game, with gains for one cause — in this case, animal welfare — coming at the expense of another — in this case human welfare.
Some of the time, being good truly is zero sum. If you're a philanthropist (with a finite amount of money), supporting one charitable cause reduces the resources you have available to support others. Or if you're an activist (with a finite amount of time), then working for one cause will reduce the time you have available to advance another.
Even the rest of us face everyday decisions that pit one value against another. Should you buy the vegan chocolate bar that isn't made from fair trade cacao beans, or the nonvegan chocolate bar that is?
These trade-offs are real, and I don't mean to diminish them. But for most people, the decision to become vegetarian or vegan — or to simply take a few steps in that direction, even if it doesn't involve a complete abdication of animal products — doesn't compete with advancing other goods. You can make your Oxfam donation and eat vegan cake, too.
Why would anyone think otherwise?
The zero-sum assumption may be compelling because it's buoyed by a few features of human psychology.
First, there's evidence that people keep something like a moral balance sheet, with good acts of one kind licensing bad acts later on. Having given up on upgrading your smartphone to support a local charity, for example, you might feel you deserve that morally questionable cheeseburger.
Second, there's some evidence that willpower is a limited resource, at least when people think that it's a limited resource. When you overcome temptation and make hard choices, it "uses up" some of your willpower, making it harder to resist temptation and make hard choices later on. So having resisted the temptation to upgrade your smartphone, you might fail to resist that cheeseburger.
Third, there's plain old motivated reasoning: reasoning that's driven by the conclusion one is motivated to support, not (or not only) by the strength of the arguments and evidence. For many, giving up meat and other animal products is hard. We want to keep eating our cheeseburgers, so we come up with justifications to do so, and we convince ourselves they're sound.
Finally, there may be another factor at work. For many, animal welfare ranks somewhere on their list of moral concerns, but not very highly. It may be uncomfortable to do something about No. 10 on your list if you haven't done anything about Nos. 1 through 9. Doing so could signal — to yourself and to others — that you don't care enough about those issues. (If you're giving up cheeseburgers, why aren't you also volunteering in your local community, campaigning to end poverty and donating your vacation fund to cancer research???) But really, isn't it better to advance something on your list, even if it isn't item No. 1? And especially if it doesn't trade off against it?
When our values do trade off, we face serious quandaries. We don't always have the ethical equivalent of chocolate that's vegan, fair trade and uncompromisingly delicious. But being good isn't always zero sum — and the implications are liberating.
Doing something is better than doing nothing, even when that something is a small and imperfect step toward a tertiary goal.
You can keep up with more of what Tania Lombrozo is thinking on Twitter: @TaniaLombrozo.
A huge statue portraying Donald Trump as a rooster has been erected at a shopping mall in the Chinese city of Taiyuan.
The parodic fowl, which has the president-elect's trademark hair-do and is shown making distinctly Trumpian hand gestures, has been adopted as mascot for the N1 ArtWalk Mall as part of celebrations welcoming the Year of Rooster.
A range of Trump-rooster merchandise is now on sale to the general public, with a 32 foot-tall model priced at around £1,400, and less imposing options starting at a slightly-more-reasonable £47.
Wei Qing, spokesperson for Shenghe Yangtai Business, which is selling the roosters, told CNN: "I think the rooster is very cute and funny, the hairstyle and eyebrows look very much like Donald Trump. I'm sure it will attract a lot of customers."
Sympathetic lawmakers responded by putting language in the most recent congressional budget bill requiring the Government Accountability Office to review whether the military trials had been run properly. Many of those lawmakers were the same ones who had lobbied the military to run the trials in the first place.
Representative Walter B. Jones Jr., Republican of North Carolina, said he supported the accountability office review. He has introduced a bill that would require Veterans Affairs to pay for the treatment if prescribed by a doctor and said he believed that hyperbaric oxygen, even if it just made patients feel better, should be used instead of dangerous psychotropic drugs that veterans are often given.
“No one has committed suicide from being treated with oxygen,” Mr. Jones said.
Medical experts say that after a decade of intense focus, there is a heightened awareness of the consequences of concussions. The military has adopted new battlefield procedures to examine soldiers, new research is underway and schools are far more vigilant in making sure students are checked out after a head injury.
Experts say that the most effective treatment is addressing each of a patient's symptoms individually, and in some ways, the search for new approaches has returned to the starting line. A concussion expert with the Mayo Clinic, Dr. David W. Dodick, said he believed a cheap nutritional supplement, N-acetylcysteine, could help treat concussion symptoms, and he hoped to study it.
It would not be the first time that the supplement, which is an antioxidant, has been tested for that use. In 2008, the Defense Department began a study of the supplement in soldiers in Iraq who had sustained a concussion. That trial showed benefits, but the study quickly became engulfed in controversy.
Dr. Dodick said that the dispute about the trial overshadowed a possible breakthrough and that N-acetylcysteine might be a valuable tool. “Every coach and parent could be carrying this on the sidelines,” he said.
Some researchers have also started trials of hyperbaric oxygen, and Dr. Harch is working on a trial he believes will provide compelling data about the treatment. Funding for the $1.2 million trial was originally allocated in 2008 as part of legislation backed by Louisiana's congressional delegation, but the study was delayed.
Canada Soccer has announced the list of nominees for the 2016 Canada Soccer Player Awards, with voting open today for both media and coaches. At the top of the list are the nominees for the 2016 Canadian Players of the Year award, celebrating the top male and top female footballers from the 2016 calendar year.
Voting for the 2016 Canadian Players of the Year award is split between media and coaches from coast to coast across Canada. Voting is open from Monday 28 November to Thursday 8 December. This marks the 24th year since the Canada Soccer Player Awards were introduced in 1993. The Awards recognise player performances with both the national teams and their respective club teams.
Janine Beckie made her professional debut in the NWSL in 2016 with Houston Dash in her inaugural season. At the club level, she recorded three goals in 14 appearances in all competitions. At the international level, she scored a team-high nine goals and added three assists in 15 appearances.
Kadeisha Buchanan backstopped West Virginia University to the Big 12 Conference title. Through the end of November, the top-ranked team had reached the NCAA Final Four. At the college level, she recorded three goals and three assists in 23 appearances. At the international level, she made 19 appearances and recorded a team-high 1682 minutes.
Sabrina D'Angelo led Western New York Flash to their first NWSL Cup championship. At the club level, she made 11 appearances and posted one clean sheet before earning MVP honours in the championship final. At the international level, she posted one clean sheet in three appearances.
Jessie Fleming helped UCLA reach the elite eight in the NCAA competition. At the college level, she recorded 11 goals and five assists in 19 appearances as a freshman. At the international level, she recorded two goals and one assist in 15 appearances, including all six matches in her first Olympic Games.
Stephanie Labbé helped Washington Spirit reach the NWSL Cup final. At the club level, she made eight appearances and recorded four clean sheets. At the international level, she posted six clean sheets in 14 appearances, including two clean sheets at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games.
Ashley Lawrence helped West Virginia University win the Big 12 Conference title. Through the end of November, the top-ranked team had reached the NCAA Final Four. At the college level, she recorded three goals and 10 assists in 23 appearances. At the international level, she made a team-high 20 appearances and earned player-of-the-match honours in two Olympic matches.
Diana Matheson helped Washington Spirit reach the NWSL Cup final. At the club level, she scored four goals in 14 appearances. At the international level, she made a team-high 20 appearances and scored in a 6:0 win over Trinidad and Tobago.
Sophie Schmidt helped FFC Frankfurt reach the semi-finals of the 2015-16 UEFA Champions League season. At the club level between January and November 2016, she recorded three goals in 16 appearances. At the international level, she made 19 appearances and earned player-of-the-match honours in two Olympic matches.
Desiree Scott made a return to the NWSL in 2016 with FC Kansas City. At the club level, she made 12 appearances. At the international level, she made 18 appearances and earned player-of-the-match honours in Canada's 1:0 win over France at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games.
Christine Sinclair helped Portland Thorns FC win the NWSL Shield. At the club level, she scored seven goals in 12 appearances, including four goals in five matches after the Rio 2016 Olympic Games. At the international level, she scored seven goals and four assists in 18 appearances, including the winning goal in Canada's 2:1 win over Brazil for the bronze medal.
Melissa Tancredi helped KIF Örebro DFF to a mid-table finish in Sweden in 2016. At the club level, she scored nine goals in 17 appearances. At the international level, she recorded five goals and two assists in 15 appearances. At the Rio 2016 Olympics, she scored a brace and earned player-of-match honours in Canada's first-ever victory over Germany.
Shelina Zadorsky helped Washington Spirit reach the NWSL Cup final. At the club level, she made 13 appearances in her debut season in the USA. At the international level, she made 18 appearances, including five in her first Olympic Games.
ChyronHego Acquires Click Effects Parent Company Sound & Video Creations
Story Highlights
ChyronHego has acquired Sound & Video Creations, maker of the ClickEffects family of products for live A/V entertainment production, including CrossFire, Blaze, BackDraft, and ProAudio. The deal unites one of the largest players in live graphics systems for sports broadcast with the market-share leader in live graphics for sports venues.
“With sports fans paying a premium for tickets to live sports events, there is demand and an expectation for an ever more sophisticated A/V experience once inside the stadium. As a result, solutions for streamlining in-arena productions represent a growth market and an outstanding opportunity for ChyronHego,” says Johan Apel, president and CEO, ChyronHego. “With its ClickEffects family, Sound & Video Creations has set new benchmarks for the delivery, management, and control of content for display systems in stadiums and arenas. Paired with the graphics and rendering solutions in our product family, the ClickEffects products offer our joint customers a full solution in an end-to-end broadcast content creation, management, and delivery workflow.”
ClickEffects systems have been deployed by hundreds of colleges and universities, by over 75% of Major and Minor League baseball teams, and by nearly 65% of professional football, basketball, and hockey teams. ClickEffects solutions provide cost-effective and operator-friendly capabilities ranging from video playback and replay to data delivery, graphics generation, and audio content delivery.
“Our integration with ChyronHego is an important milestone and an exciting development for our company as well as our customers,” says Cliff Wight, president, Sound & Video Creations Inc. “We're proud of our achievement as the number one provider of stadium A/V solutions in the United States, and now — as part of the global ChyronHego development and sales organization — we'll have a ready path for expanding our product set on a global basis. Also, ChyronHego's culture and technology strategy, based on providing a comprehensive software-based ecosystem of integrated solutions, are an ideal fit with our own.”
Broad Coalition Of Tech Companies, Nonprofit Groups Offers Support For The Leahy-Sensenbrenner USA FREEDOM Act
WASHINGTON –Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) and Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner (R-Wis.), coauthors of the USA FREEDOM Act to end dragnet collection of Americans' phone records, Thursday welcomed the support of a broad coalition of technology companies, trade associations and nonprofit organizations that advocate “privacy protections, oversight and accountability mechanisms that govern” surveillance authorities.
In a letter to Leahy and Sensenbrenner, the group of nearly 60 signees including Hewlett-Packard, Dropbox and Tumblr outline their priorities to address privacy and transparency concerns raised by revelations of sweeping surveillance use. They call for legislation to allow companies to disclose surveillance requests, to provide greater transparency on government use of surveillance authorities, to focus intelligence gathering on foreign powers, and to protect constitutional and human rights. A copy of the letter is below and available online.
The USA FREEDOM Act, which Leahy and Sensenbrenner introduced last month, would end the dragnet collection of Americans' phone records under Section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act and ensure that other authorities cannot be used to justify similar dragnet collection. The bill also provides more safeguards for warrantless surveillance under the FISA Amendments Act.
The bill includes other significant privacy and oversight provisions, provides for the creation of a Special Advocate to focus on the protection of privacy rights and civil liberties before the FISA Court, and requires more detailed public reporting about the number and types of FISA orders that are issued.
The USA FREEDOM Act has over 115 cosponsors in the House and Senate and is supported by dozens of groups and businesses crossing the political spectrum. A full list of supporters can be found online.
# # # # #
Press Contact
Press Contact
David Carle: 202-224-3693
Mix veterans with championship experience with neophytes yet to learn the NBA way and what do you get? Chris Bosh simmering and smoldering in a corner of the Miami Heat locker room after a loss to the league-worst Minnesota Timberwolves.
After yet the latest meltdown in a season that now has the Heat a season-worst seven games under .500 going into Friday's game against the defending-champion San Antonio Spurs at the AT&T Center, Bosh found himself as much at a loss as his team.
"We're not learning anything, just not learning anything. I'm talking about executing very simple things. Out of ATOs, we're not executing that," he said of mix-ups that even are coming after timeouts, after explicit instructions from coach Erik Spoelstra. "We're not executing late-game situations. We're not making the shots that we can make. We're not trusting each other. We're not boxing out when it's time to box out."
But the Heat are routinely going through mind-blowing droughts: Last Friday, enduring a 37-2 second-half surge by the Dallas Mavericks. Tuesday, being outscored 25-1 by the Detroit Pistons to close the first quarter. And then on Wednesday night, blowing a 10-point fourth-quarter lead at the Target Center against the lone NBA team still yet to win 10 games.
"It was a missed opportunity," Bosh said of the latest fiasco. "And we're not going to get it back. Things are slipping away from us."
For the Heat, it was yet another how-low-can-you-go moment, added to previous losses to bottom-feeders such as the Philadelphia 76ers, Orlando Magic and Utah Jazz. While these latest losses to the Pistons and Timberwolves have come with Dwyane Wade sidelined with a strained right hamstring, Bosh said this is no time for patience.
"We're about to be out of the playoffs race, not the race, but as far as the seeds, we're about to be out," Bosh said. "We're not concentrating. I don't understand that. It's a game we could have got. And all we had to do was concentrate, locking in."
At minimum, Bosh said there has to be greater focus on detail.
"And that doesn't even promise us a win," he said. "It's like we're shooting ourselves in the foot just by not focusing on the game. I don't even know what we're focusing on. It's not the game."
With the Eastern Conference limited beyond the top five or six teams, the Heat had played with a cushion for most of the season at the bottom of the playoff seedings. But they exited Wednesday's loss just a half-game ahead of Brooklyn for the conference's eighth and final ticket to the postseason, with Detroit and an Indiana team that may yet get Paul George back this season still lurking.
"It's interesting, and we're making it more interesting than it has to be," Bosh said. "It's difficult enough trying to win games in this league, especially in our situation. So it really takes all the focus that we can, because we're not that good, just to show up."
In recent seasons, uneven play, lack of focus, disinterest from others often was overshadowed by the play of LeBron James. With James now with the Cleveland Cavaliers, Bosh said every Heat component has to take stock of their potential contributions, has to be focused for the duration.
"Guys have to know that they're important, whatever they bring to the table," he said. "Whether you're playing one or 40 minutes, it counts, it matters. The guys on the bench, in shootaround, in the walkthrough, in everything we do, I know it's tough to focus and concentrate, but we only do this for two, three hours a day. You've got the rest of your day after that."
iwinderman@tribpub.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman.
Months after taking to Twitter to say he would send in "the Feds" to help reduce Chicago's murder rate, President Trump's administration has sent in agents to combat the ongoing violence.
The Chicago Sun-Times first reported that about 20 additional agents with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives have been sent to the city.
Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions confirmed Friday that the federal government is sending help, while decrying the crime epidemic on the city's streets.
"Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!" Trump tweeted.
Sessions also told "Fox & Friends" that his department is assisting.
“We'll have an impact in reducing shootings in Chicago,” he said, while saying police there are “demoralized” and city policies are not working.
“Murders are way, way too high,” he said.
Sessions subsequently released a written statement saying the administration has created the Chicago Gun Strike Force and is sending “20 more permanent ATF agents to Chicago, reallocating federal prosecutors and prioritizing prosecutions to reduce gun violence” and working with law enforcement partners.
“The Trump Administration will not let the bloodshed go on; we cannot accept these levels of violence,” he said.
Shortly after his inauguration, Trump tweeted "If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!"
HOW COULD TRUMP 'SEND IN THE FEDS' TO CHICAGO?
The new set of agents will work with counterparts from the Chicago Police Department and Illinois State Police on a strike force to solve shootings and arrest gun traffickers, according to the Sun-Times.
Included in the strike force are prosecutors from the U.S. attorney's office and Cook County state's attorney's office, the Sun-Times reports, who will decide whether suspects in gun crime should be charged in state of federal court
“The goal is to prosecute as many of these guys as possible federally where they will serve longer prison terms,” Anthony Riccio, head of the Chicago Police Department's organized crime unit, told the newspaper.
Trump has previously voiced concern about violence in Chicago. Earlier in January, he posted, “If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!”
Read more from the Chicago Sun-Times.
Miami-Florida State comes with its own hype. This is one of modern college football's helmet games: watch these two do battle and recall the incredible battles, and incredible talent, of previous decades. The natural hype is raised when both teams are in the top 10.
This is the first time the Miami-FSU game features two top-10 teams since 2004, when host Miami held off the Seminoles by a 16-10 margin. The teams are 14-0, and the game is receiving all the attempted hype that Florida State-Clemson did a few weeks ago. But the result is probably going to be pretty similar to FSU-Clemson as well.
Here are five things you need to know about FSU-Miami.
1. You can run the ball a little on Florida State
Defensive coordinator Jeremy Pruitt's first Florida State defense has been a python against the pass, forgoing an aggressive pass rush and simply squeezing the life out of your aerial attack. The Seminoles guard you tightly, swarm to the ball, and hit you as much as is legally allowed. But the run defense hasn't completely rounded into form yet. It's certainly not a weakness, but it's not a strength.
The Seminoles suffered some slow starts early in the season, and when opponents like Pittsburgh, Nevada, and Boston College were (briefly) building early leads, they were finding some success on the ground. On early scoring drives by those three teams, FSU allowed 5.5 yards per carry. The run hasn't yet worked for a full game, but there is sometimes room to roam off tackle. And if Miami is going to pull off the upset here, Duke Johnson better take advantage of whatever space he is given.
The sophomore from Miami Norland high school has been outstanding as a featured back in 2013; he follows blocks better than a lot of home run hitters, but he still possesses home run capability. There is a tremendous drop-off in quality between Johnson and his backups, but if Johnson can find space on a few possessions and get that rushing yardage total up over 100 yards, the Hurricanes might be able to find some room for the passing game.
Fun with advanced stats Photo credit: Mike Ehrmann
When Miami has the ball… Standard Downs S&P+: FSU defense fourth, Miami offense 23rd
Passing Downs S&P+: Miami offense sixth, FSU defense 16th
Adj. Line Yards: Miami offense seventh, FSU defense 39th
Adj. Sack Rate: Miami offense eighth, FSU defense 98th
Stephen Morris situational stats:
40-for-55, 583 yards, 5 TD, 0 INT on first down
18-for-44, 378 yards, 2 TD, 6 INT on third down
33-for-53, 584 yards, 6 TD, 2 INT in the first quarter
37-for-64, 524 yards, 1 TD, 5 INT in the second half Miami's line holds a potential advantage here, but FSU's defensive line has improved quite a bit from September to October.
When FSU has the ball… Standard Downs S&P+: FSU offense second, Miami defense 77th
Passing Downs S&P+: FSU offense fifth, Miami defense 94th
Adj. Line Yards: FSU offense 12th, Miami defense 92nd
Adj. Sack Rate: Miami defense 20th, FSU offense 54th
FSU passing-downs targets:
Rashad Greene: 11-for-16 for 171 yards (10.7 per target)
Kelvin Benjamin: 7-for-12 for 159 yards (13.3)
Kenny Shaw: 8-for-10 for 161 yards (16.1)
Nick O'Leary: 7-for-8 for 113 yards (14.1) FSU rarely falls behind schedule and bails itself out with big plays when it does. Miami, meanwhile, has a bad passing downs defense despite a solid pass rush. This is not a good combination. : FSU defense fourth, Miami offense 23rd: Miami offense sixth, FSU defense 16th: Miami offense seventh, FSU defense 39th: Miami offense eighth, FSU defense 98thMiami's line holds a potential advantage here, but FSU's defensive line has improved quite a bit from September to October. Duke Johnson's highlight potential could bail Miami out, but how many times? And can Miami strike enough early to account for some sketchy second-half passing from Stephen Morris : FSU offense second, Miami defense 77th: FSU offense fifth, Miami defense 94th: FSU offense 12th, Miami defense 92nd: Miami defense 20th, FSU offense 54thFSU rarely falls behind schedule and bails itself out with big plays when it does. Miami, meanwhile, has a bad passing downs defense despite a solid pass rush. This is not a good combination.
2. Allen Hurns might be the most important player in the game
As vital as it is for Johnson to find some success, Miami is going to fall behind schedule sometimes. It's what FSU opponents do. The Florida State defense is just too good on standard downs. And if the Hurricanes are going to keep up on the scoreboard, they will have to figure out ways to at least occasionally convert on second- or third-and-long.
Allen Hurns has basically been the entire Miami offense on passing downs this year. He has caught a rather incredible 16 of 22 passes for 324 yards on such downs; the injured Phillip Dorsett is second on the team in passing-downs targets with 12, and he only caught four of those 12 passes.
Quarterback Stephen Morris has thrown eight interceptions in 157 pass attempts. That's an interception rate of 5.1 percent; anything over about three percent is pretty costly. Some of that has been a bit unlucky (on average, a defense picks off about one pass for every four broken up; for Miami opponents, it's been basically one for every 1.5), but a lot has simply been Morris making poor decisions or throwing into tight windows of space. Morris takes chances, and those chances are going to have to pay off. Hurns, who was dinged up with a hip pointer against Wake Forest, is the likely target of these risky passes, and he must come down with some of them.
(One other player to watch on passing downs: Stacy Coley. The freshman is seeing more time in Dorsett's absence and has caught six of nine passes for 119 yards on passing downs.)
3. Bend-don't-break probably isn't going to cut it against Jameis Winston
Especially if it's not really bend-don't-break. The advanced stats paint a confusing picture of Miami's defense right now. The Hurricanes rank 75th in per-play defensive efficiency but are a much healthier 30th in drive efficiency. Per drive, there is a 1.7-point difference between what Miami is expected to allow (based on field position) and what the Hurricanes actually allow. That suggests a team that is willing to give up yardage before stiffening in the red zone. Only, Miami allows a lot of big plays and stinks on passing downs.
So how are the Hurricanes making stops? Smoke and mirrors, it seems. First of all, their schedule has been mostly bereft of opponents with good offenses. (Generally speaking, their schedule strength is about to change drastically.) Of the seven teams Miami has played, one was Savannah State (the worst of the worst when it comes to FCS competition) and four rank 91st or worse in Off. F/+ (Wake Forest is 91st, Florida 94th, Florida Atlantic 101st, and South Florida 118th). Georgia Tech and UNC both have top-25 units, but those two teams combined to gain 901 yards (5.6 per play) and score 53 points; the only reason they didn't score more was because they turned the ball over five times.
Turnovers have been huge for Miami, and not necessarily in a sustainable way. While Miami's offense has been rather unlucky in the interceptions department, Miami's defense has been almost equally lucky, picking off six of 16 defensed passes and recovering seven of 11 fumbles. Florida State is getting only about 3.7 passes defensed per game and has fumbled only five times all year. Miami's opportunities to force turnovers might be limited, and without them, I don't know how the Hurricanes stop Winston and company.
4. Miami better get to Winston
Though the sack rate has improved in recent weeks, Florida State will still allow you to get to Jameis Winston sometimes. Florida State ranks just 54th in Adjusted Sack Rate (Miami's defense: 20th), and Miami is good at attacking from a lot of different angles. The Hurricanes have nobody with more than three sacks, but 12 Hurricanes have at least one.
Winston has taken fewer sacks in recent weeks -- he was brought down four times in 64 pass attempts against Clemson and NC State, and three of these came when FSU was up big -- but he can still be brought down sometimes. Miami better be able to harass him without relying too heavily on blitzes, because if the redshirt freshman is allowed to sit back and distribute the ball comfortably, hope is lost.
Winston shares the backfield with a fantastic, underrated back in Devonta Freeman (who, like Duke Johnson, combines both quality block-following and strong explosiveness; his backup, Karlos Williams, creates fewer opportunities but takes them further).
But more importantly, he's got Rashad Greene lining up wide. Greene is one of the nation's best receivers in 2013; he averages 15.8 yards per target on standard downs and 10.7 on passing downs. Focus too much attention on Greene, and Winston will punish you by getting Kelvin Benjamin, Kenny Shaw, and Nick O'Leary more involved. Winston has shown great maturity in his reads, taking what the defense gives him.
Miami's secondary is relatively passive and conservative on passing downs. That's probably going to cost the Hurricanes. You have to make plays and muddy the waters to stop the Seminoles; otherwise this simple, devastating offense will destroy you with its talent advantage.
5. Miami just has no margin for error
I like to play "Count the ifs" sometimes. It's a good way of figuring out how optimistic you have to be for your team to have a chance in a given game or season. For Miami, the ifs are revealing.
IF Duke Johnson can find open space on a few possessions...
IF Allen Hurns can come up big on a few passing downs...
IF Miami can win the turnovers battle (perhaps decisively) despite Stephen Morris' occasionally poor decision-making...
IF the Hurricanes can get to Jameis Winston on second- or third-and-long...
IF Miami can limit Florida State's damage to field goals a few times (because FSU is simply going to move the ball -- there's no way around it)...
...then the Hurricanes can pull off the win. That's five ifs. For Florida State, the list is basically "If FSU plays like it has thus far in 2013..." and that's pretty much it.
Florida State is a heavy favorite for a reason. The job Miami head coach Al Golden has done in maneuvering the program past the spectre of sanctions is impressive. But the Hurricanes just aren't on FSU's level, at least not yet.
Miami deserves credit for figuring out how to win ugly, but unlike teams like 2012 Florida, the Hurricanes aren't doing it on purpose. There's a difference between winning low-scoring, low-margin-for-error games with defense and special teams and barely surviving junky, sloppy games versus North Carolina and Wake Forest. Miami doesn't want to play junk ball, but it has had to do so; junk ball isn't going to work against the Florida State team we've seen so far this year.
Perhaps the most interesting element of this game, in fact, is what Miami holds in reserve for a potential rematch. There's a good chance that the Miami-Virginia Tech game on November 9 will decide the ACC Coastal division crown; if the host Hurricanes win that one, they should get to face FSU again in the ACC title game. What can Miami learn this time that might help the Hurricanes pull off an upset the next time? Because this time probably isn't going to work out very well.
More from SB Nation college football:
Follow @SBNationCFBFollow @SBNRecruiting
• Full Week 10 college football TV schedule guide
• FAU coaches gone due to smoking marijuana, apparently
• Why Florida State would be favored to beat Oregon
• The Alphabetical, Week 9, by Spencer Hall
• Long reads: Chip Kelly's New Hampshire laboratory | Why we love college football
Teaching In America: 'Only The Strong Will Survive'
Enlarge this image LA Johnson/NPR LA Johnson/NPR
Last week was supposed to be the first week of school for students in Seattle, Washington. Instead it was the beginning of a teachers' strike. Negotiators are at a standoff over wages and performance evaluations.
In 2012, Chicago's public school teachers went on strike, leaving the city's 350,000 kids out of school for eight days.
There is tension in our education system. Teachers say they aren't valued enough, not given the respect, wages or resources they deserve. Others think teachers aren't held to high enough performance standards, which affects what kids learn or don't learn in the classroom.
To mark the beginning of the new school year, we hear from two teachers as they think about the challenges ahead.
This week on For the Record: What it takes to teach. Click the audio link on this page to hear the full conversation.
Tom Bergen, North High School, Denver
Tom Bergen remembers his first day in front of a class, about 10 years ago.
"Oh, it was terrifying," Bergen says. "They all sensed how nervous I was and just kind of rolled with it, but, boy, I think I sweated through my shirt."
He says North High had been one of the lowest performing in the city; Bergen was hired as part of a program to turn it around.
"They bring in more teachers, they bring in intervention specialists, psychologists, things like that," he says. "My first year was tough because it was a new school, a new population. I had never broken up so many fights in my life."
Pamela Guy, Austin Multiplex High School, Chicago
Pamela Guy, who has also been teaching about 10 years, says Austin Multiplex is in a tough neighborhood. Students have a lot of odds stacked against them, putting added pressure on Guy and the other teachers.
"I wear many hats," she says. "I may have to be mom sometimes; I may have to be a counselor sometimes; I may have to be a lawyer. There are a lot of situations where you don't have as much parental involvement and with that, it's always a daily task of, What will I have to do today? What do I need to bring to class today?"
Over their decade of teaching, both Bergen and Guy remember their low points.
Bergen says one class in particular was out of control, and he ran out of ideas to fix it.
"I thought, 'Why don't I just write them a letter?' " he recalls. "I just put my heart out there about why I value them and their class."
He wrote to them all the reasons he loved teaching, then asked the students to write back.
"What I got back were beautiful things," Bergen says. "They all either owned up to it or said, 'I'm going to be a pro-active part of changing this.' And every day I would start class, I would put their quotes anonymously up on the board and have them reflect on it and share what they thought and then we would launch into class. It completely flipped it. By the end of the class year, it was one of my favorite places to be."
According to a 2014 study by the Alliance for Excellent Education, every year roughly half a million teachers in the U.S. either move to a different, often more affluent school, or they leave education altogether. The pay isn't great, the work is emotionally trying, the hours can be long.
Guy says teachers have to feel called to the work, and then put their hearts into it.
"Because you're going to be pulled on, and it's going to be so much required and asked of you that you have to be willing," she says. "And only the strong will survive."
Summary: A recollection from Peeta's point of view of the first day that he set eyes on Katniss Everdeen.
Disclaimer: This story has been written as fanfiction only and is for entertainment purposes. I do not claim to own any property of The Hunger Games trilogy nor do I have any relation to Suzanne Collins. Any copyright infringement is unintentional. Please note that while I am not associated with Suzanne Collins, I deeply respect the universe that she has created. Therefore, all fanfiction written by myself are written with the intention of staying true to that universe and would be considered cannon in my own respects. I do not bring back the dead or change the course of history (affecting what would happen in the epilogue). Please enjoy and feel free to comment!
GONER
I was five years old when I first laid eyes on her. Two long brunette braids that fell on each side of her shoulders. Deep grey eyes that glittered with an innocence, full of excitement and hope. A smile that spread from ear to ear. She had caught my eye in the schoolyard that day, but it wasn't without the help of my father. My first day of school, that's when I fell for that wide eyed girl. And I've loved her every day since. Katniss Everdeen, the girl who stole my heart.
My father walked me from the bakery to the schoolyard that morning. I'd already been up helping him prepare the bread for a few hours and I wasn't personally interested in having to sit at a desk for the rest of the day. I'd been his "assistant" ever since I was old enough to mix the ingredients, but what I most enjoyed at the time was to knead the dough. From time to time he'd let me shape and score it, occasionally allowing for a fun pattern across the top. It was in that bakery with him that I was most happy. At least that was the case when I was five. By the time I was ten, my father had fallen ill and over time spent less and less time in the bakery. With his lessened presence, so my interest in baking waned. My mother took over baking duties, kept me on task, never let me have any fun, and certainly punished me for my mistakes. But that's another story for another time.
My father filled my walk to school with recollections from his childhood; his first day of school, stories of his friends, favorite teachers, and reminders that doing my best was one of his expectations. He held my hand tight and I looked up at him from time to time appreciatively, for I really admired my father. I hung on his every word. And it was those last words his spoke to me that morning that affected me more than he'd ever known they would. At the edge of the schoolyard, he paused, I looked up to him to see why. He was staring across the yard, to the left corner where I searched the crowd of children to see just who or what caught his attention. He kneeled down beside me, put his hand on my back, and pointed out in front of us.
"Peeta," he said, "see that little girl? The one in the blue ruffled dress? The one with the braids?"
I searched that corner of the yard with more intent, attempting to find the girl in the blue dress, until I finally found her.
"Yes, father, I see her."
"Peeta, that little girl's name is Katniss Everdeen. She should be about your age, you're probably going to be in the same class," he said.
"Well, is she special or something? Why were you staring at her, dad?" I asked in return.
"Well, son, that little girl, she is something special, I think. I don't know her, but I did know her mother. She and I were in the same grade in school, just as you and Katniss should be. When I was older than you, but much younger than I am now, I wanted to marry her. She was especially beautiful, with the brightest blue eyes I'd ever seen. As pure a blue as the hottest part of the fire, with smooth blonde hair, just as mesmerizing as that same fire. She certainly sparked my interest the very first day that I saw her. So, Peeta, I'd venture to say that that little girl is just as special as her mother was."
As my father spoke, I watched Katniss play in the schoolyard with some other dark-haired girls. She was much more free then, before she was old enough to think about the Games, before she knew what it was to be without a father, before she knew what it was to live only to survive. When I look at her today, I can still see that little five year old girl, reduced to an occasional glimmer in her grey eyes, but I do see her. Katniss' braids danced around her head as she jumped from box to box, playing hopscotch. I took her in as I took in my father's words, she really was a beautiful sight.
"So, if you loved her so much, why didn't you ask her to marry you then?" I asked after a moment.
"Well, Peeta, it's important that you learn this lesson now. Sometimes, in life, things just don't go the way that you hope they will. In fact, this happens more often than not. I never got the chance to ask her, never got the chance to tell her how I felt. When she was old enough, she ran off with a coal miner. She married that man shortly thereafter. But you know, I'd also venture to say that she was extremely happy with her choice, no matter how disappointed I was. And it was enough for me to see her from time to time, knowing that she was happy."
I must have had the most puzzled look on my face as this point, because my father returned the same look my way.
"But... why would she marry a coal miner?" I asked.
"Because she loved him, Peeta," he said back to me. Most likely having seen that the puzzled look on my face had not yet vanished, he continued, "But how did a girl from Merchant Center fall in love with a boy from the Seam? Well, I believe it's because that boy had the sweetest voice that most of us had ever heard. When he would sing, even the birds would stop to listen. People would stop in their tracks. I imagine that many a schoolgirl had fallen in love with that voice. If I was a girl, maybe I would've," he chuckled.
"Did mother love him like Katniss' mother did?" I asked innocently. My father chuckled again, this time a bit longer.
"No, I sincerely doubt that. Your mother is a very different kind of woman, Peeta."
He sighed and lowered his head for a moment before standing up. He moved his hand from my back to my shoulder and squeezed it gently, his eyes gazing out into the schoolyard again. I cannot say what he was thinking about, what thoughts were running through his mind, but I daresay he was imagining something that he'd probably imagined hundreds of times before: what life would be like had he married that girl. And I'm sure it wasn't that he regretted having me or my two brothers, but perhaps this was my mother's fault. If I had known then what I know now, I wouldn't question it. In fact, I blame my mother for slowly killing my father, even if it was the bombs that finally finished him off. What she stole from me, from my brothers, is more than I can forgive her for. By the time of my reaping, our family wasn't much of a family anymore. Alas, that is still another story for another time.
"Well kiddo, better get going. Have a good first day. If you're anything like me, you'll have tons of friends in no time."
He patted me on the back to nudge my departure and I sauntered off past the fence and into the schoolyard. I turned to wave goodbye and he was already gone. My eyes searched for the girl in the blue dress, but I could not find her. I walked in circles with no avail. Suddenly, a buzzing bell rang in my ear, three times, notifying me that it's about time that I head to my classroom. The school is small, as District 12 could not afford more than the basic necessities. We had one book, for history, and a single pad of paper for math and writing. We started with the basics, obviously, for as far as the Capitol was concerned, school was for one purpose: learning our trade. As a five year old, I wasn't yet ready for the ins and outs of coal mining, nor was I particularly worried about learning it, my fate was set by my father. I too was destined to be a baker, if only I wasn't also destined to become a tribute.
Kids of all ages shuffled their way into classrooms, which were arranged by number according to grade. In District 12, the year you turned five meant your first year of school, so I kept my eye out for the door marked "1," which was really quite easy because it was one of the first doors I walked past. Inside the classroom, 5 small round tables were arranged around the room, with about 5 seats per table. Once everyone was seated, I realized quickly that there were many empty seats, approximately 1 or 2 per table. This was going to be a smaller class than usual. I was seated with 3 other boys, whom would later become some of my closest friends. I looked around the room, to each table, making note of who was in my class. I stopped when I saw her, sitting at the table closest to the windows, with a few other girls. There she was in her blue ruffled dress, long brunette braids, one on each side shoulder, her grey eyes, looking nervous this time. She was fidgeting with her sleeves and straightening her hem. I hadn't noticed anything particularly thrilling about her yet, besides how pretty I thought she was, but because my father had pointed her out, I would never miss her from this day forward.
We started out our day the same way that we would every day from there on out, with a video from the Capitol. It featured President Snow, welcoming us to school. This was followed by a short history of Panem that covered the years before the rebellion, a rushed account of the Dark Days, a few sentences about the war, a slight reference to the Games, and a reminder to be obedient and the Capitol would be happy. It's closing remarks by President Snow assured us that would be a fair ruler. If only things were that simple. But when I was five, I knew no different, I didn't even think to question it. This was the way we lived. After the video was over, our teacher introduced herself, went over a few things, informed us what we'd be covering during our first year in school. This was the year that we would master the alphabet, reading, writing, as well as be introduced to music, art, and athletics. She wrote out our schedule for the week, one that would repeat week after week, one that outlined which lessons were to be taught on which days and at what time. The rest of the day passed without any notable occurrences.
The next day began the same way; video from the Capitol, a quick review of our schedule. That morning, I had decided that Tuesdays would be my favorite days by far because those were the days that music, art, and athletics were on our schedule. I was particularly excited about art, knowing that I might be able to use what little skills I had learned in the bakery. I also looked forward to playing a sport. I hadn't given much thought to which, but since both my brothers were extremely athletic, I figured I would be as well.
First up was a trip to the music room. We lined up outside the door and our teacher let us in, where we quickly found seats, whispering excitedly between ourselves, predicting just what we'd be getting to do that day. The room was not filled with much, but it was more than most of us were used to at home. There were shelves filled with books on the back wall, a box full of tambourines under the window, and in the front of the room, a single guitar and a beat up piano. This was all we'd need, this was enough.
Our teacher sat down on the bench in front of the piano and started playing a few notes. She wasn't half bad, either, not that I could judge since I still can't play an instrument to save my life. Luckily, I didn't have to either. When she stopped playing, she told us that we'd be singing some songs along with her to start off.
"So tell me, which one of you knows the Valley Song?" she asked.
Immediately, out of the corner of my eye, I saw a hand shoot up towards the sky. It was Katniss'. She was wearing the same braided hair that she had worn the day before, and as I'd learn, the same hair she'd wear for years afterwards. Today she was not in a dress, but a plain button down shirt and pants, honestly nothing eye-catching. This was pushed out of my mind instantly when I heard her sing. Her voice began soft and sweet, a bit trembly, but by the third line of the song she'd hit her stride. It's almost as if she'd gauged her classmates reaction and when she realized it was a positive one, she really let herself shine.
Time stood still for me at this moment. Now, it was every word of hers that I was hanging on. Nothing mattered to me but that voice, not her braids or her clothes or her deep grey eyes. And yet, at the very same time, everything mattered. Her voice echoed throughout the classroom, my heart pounded, my breath fell short, my jaw loosened. I stared at her, I watched every movement her lips made, the way she waved her hands to the melody. Her hair shone in the sunlight that came in through the window, her eyes sparkled in a way that I'd not noticed before. She looked like an angel. As she finished the song, she smiled widely and curtseyed, so proud of herself. It was at that moment that something became glaringly obvious- the room had fallen incredibly silent. Just like her father, as I was told, even the birds had stopped to listen. All ears were leant to Katniss in that moment, all eyes fell upon her. My fellow classmates were in as much awe as I, we couldn't even muster up the power to clap for her.
It was in this moment that my life shifted forever. I understood why her mother had run away with her father. I may have just been five years old, but my heart was hers. I could have run away with her, too. It didn't matter that I wouldn't have known what to do or how to survive, none of it mattered if I could be with her. I hadn't known that day just how true that would end up being for me. I looked at that girl and I knew, I was a goner.
I lived the rest of that day in a haze. I had lost my mind, I didn't know what to think, as if I could. She was the only thing I could concentrate on. Everything seemed to move in slow motion. That was the only song she sang in class that day, but I don't remember how my other classmates fared in comparison. Obviously, I couldn't recall if I tried. From that moment on, I looked forward to school, most notably Tuesdays, when I knew, chances were, that I'd hear her sing again. I watched her when I knew I could get away with it, and even when I thought she might catch me. I was hers. I was hers long before she was mine. And, you know, I didn't mind, because eventually she was mine.
Pennsylvania legalizes medical marijuana today after lawmakers gave the state's groundbreaking bill its final round of votes.
After bouncing around between the Senate and the House over the past few months, the final version of the bill received the last round of votes it needed earlier this afternoon.
Yesterday, the Pennsylvania Senate voted 42-7 in favor of the bill. And today, the Pennsylvania House gave it another overwhelmingly positive vote of 149-46.
Now that it's officially been passed by both sets of lawmakers, the bill is being given to Governor Tom Wolf to be signed into law.
As Pennsylvania legalizes medical marijuana, it becomes the 24th state in the U.S. to do so.
Wolf has been an outspoken supporter of making medical marijuana legal. He said he plans to sign the bill this Sunday at the Pennsylvania State Capitol around 1:00 p.m.
The new rules will establish a list of 17 qualifying health conditions. The list includes cancer, epilepsy, autism, AIDS, PTSD, and more. People who have been diagnosed with a qualifying disease will be allowed to use medical marijuana if they receive a prescription.
As of now, the law will only allow patients to use cannabis in pill, oil, or liquid form.
Additionally, patients will not be allowed to smoke or grow their own marijuana. Instead, the state will license up to 25 growers and processors.
It will also allow up to 50 dispensaries to sell medical marijuana. Each dispensary will be allowed to operate shops at up to three separate locations.
After Wolf signs the bill into law this weekend, the new set of rules will go into effect in about a month.
According to local reports, there was loud applause and cheering on the floor of the House when the final results of the vote came in today.
Some of the most vocal advocates calling on the state to legalize medical marijuana have been parents with sick children. Families with kids who suffer from epilepsy and debilitating seizures were on hand to witness today's historic vote.
“There's been a lot of safeguards that have been put into the law and I'm sure there will be some provisions down the road that we're going to have to make changes in,” said Pennsylvania Representative Eddie Day Pashinski.
“But the bottom line is those kids need it now.”
(Photo Credit: The Sentinel)
BEIJING, Saturday, April 9 - Several thousand young Chinese marched through Beijing's high-tech district on Saturday morning calling for a boycott of Japanese-made goods, a rare legal protest that underscored the sharp deterioration in relations between Asia's two most powerful countries.
The mostly college-age Chinese, singing China's national anthem and shouting, "Support the Chinese motherland, boycott Japanese goods," appeared to number in the thousands, but there were no official estimates on Saturday morning. The police formed a cordon around the marchers and lined every street along the parade route, but the protest had been authorized in advance and the atmosphere remained relaxed.
China's government almost never allows public demonstrations, but officials made an exception to allow people to express their anger at Japan after a series of political and territorial disputes between the two countries generated widespread popular outrage.
"Every Chinese feels anger at the way Japan ignores its own history and tries to occupy China's sovereign territory," said Li Hongbo, 19, student at Tsinghua University who participated in the demonstration. "The Japanese government must understand that China is not a weak country now. We will stand up and defend ourselves." Mr. Li wore a gray sweatshirt on which he wrote, "Little Japan, get off our land."
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Political ties between China and Japan have become strained over rival claims to a string of tiny islands in the East China Sea, where both countries have taken steps to exploit reserves of natural gas. China has also accused Japan of approving new history textbooks that gloss over the slaughter of millions of innocent people during Japan's World War II-era occupation of China.
When the Time Lord next regenerates, it might bring a big change that many longtime Doctor Who fans have been clamoring for.
If you've been wanting the Doctor to be portrayed by a woman for the next incarnation of the BBC's long-running series, you're in luck because Tilda Swinton is rumored to be the frontrunner to take over from Peter Capaldi.
The Doctor Strange-actor was named by the Daily Mail to be in the lead to be the next Doctor, citing 7/2 odds from the bookies at Ladbrokes.com.
Capaldi announced his impending departure last month, and since the statement fans have been speculating who could replace him when his tenure finishes.
According to the BBC, the next time the replacement Doctor appears would be the 2017 Christmas Special, so we're likely not receive a confirmation for some time. New showrunner Chris Chibnall, taking over from Steven Moffat, will lead the search, but if these new rumors are to be believed it's probably narrowed considerably.
Calls to Swinton's reps have been placed by the Daily Mail but they did not report any word word from her end. So at this point, it's still little more than speculation and increased betting odds, but word isn't finalized until the ink dries on the contract.
Either way, we will have a new Doctor by year's end. Are you excited for Capaldi's last season? Give a rating to the show in our TV database.
More Doctor Who: ·Doctor Who Season 10 Teaser Confirms Missy's Return
·Don't Expect New Doctor Who is a Announcement Anytime Soon
·Doctor Who Christmas Special Breaks Ratings Record
·Patton Oswalt Shares Doctor Who Audition Video
An Iraqi satellite network has reported that the Islamic State cut off the hands of two boys in western Mosul for refusing to kill in the name of ISIS.
Iraqi forces have liberated eastern Mosul; the fight west of the Tigris is shaping up to be more difficult and a more painstaking advance because of the dense neighborhoods there.
"The coalition has liberated about 60 percent of ISIL-held territory in Iraq. ISIL remains on the back foot in Mosul," Operation Inherent Resolve spokesman Col. John Dorrian told Pentagon reporters via video link from Baghdad last week. "Its leaders are accusing citizens of spying, and tragically, they are executing people who don't cooperate with them in some cases. They've also lost trust in some of their fighters and they've even done executions against their own fighters."
Iraq's Alsumaria News said Thursday that sources reported two boys had their hands amputated by ISIS fighters tasked with training youths for jihad, according to Iraqi News.
“The Islamic State's leaders issued orders to train a group of children on fighting in the group's camps in Nables neighborhood, in the western side of Nineveh," the source reportedly told the network. “Meanwhile, members of the Islamic State terrorist group amputated the hands of two children, for refusing to carry out the execution sentence on two civilians in front of their families."
The boys were estimated to be around 10 to 12 years old.
ISIS has long places emphasis on its "cubs" program to indoctrinate kids into jihad, and the group has released videos lately showing younger and younger jihadists.
In one video out of Raqqa, kids were sent on a live-fire exercise through an abandoned building with some dummy targets in the rooms and a handful of live targets: prisoners with their hands zip-tied behind their backs, trying to elude the child jihadists in the multi-story, debris-strewn building.
A video released last month out of ISIS' Khayr province in Syria was a more gory follow-up, showing children as young as preschool age murdering prisoners tied to broken carnival rides.
The Syrian Democratic Forces, which are conducting an offensive to retake Raqqa from ISIS, recently released a video showing three young teen boys, who had reportedly been kidnapped from their families, on the front lines as ordered by the Islamic State. The boys surrendered to the Kurdish-Arab-Christian coalition and were reunited with their relatives.
High school sweethearts Claire and Dave Mandell are native Vancouverites who love the food, fashion and art of their city. So when they were looking to buy a home, they wanted to be part of a funky neighborhood and settled in East Vancouver, British Columbia.
“We have young families on literally every side of us. Our neighborhood is full of cool restaurants, little shops and is really central for both of us when going to and from work,” says Claire, owner of JoyRide Nails.
There was a quick turnover between buying this 100-year-old house and moving in, but Claire was up for the challenge to have it furnished before they got the keys. “I'm a visual person, so I just used the floor plan and the photos of the house to put it all together,” Claire explains. Some of the furniture came from their apartment and most of the knick-knacks they brought along. It took about a month to get all the new furniture ordered and the design execution was underway.
The couple's decorating goal was to create a space with neutral, larger pieces so that they could always change the look with accents like pillows, rugs, or art to make the space fun and bright. “It [isn't Dave's favorite thing, but] I like to change all the throw pillows up based on the season,” Claire says. They both love mid-century modern furniture and believe in setting a solid foundation of investment pieces that can be convertible, changed, and made to feel new again.
The most challenging part of the home for the couple was sorting out storage. Without a garage, and being an older home, closet space is a premium. “I had California Closets come in and we basically have built-in storage in every single place we can,” Claire shares. And like most older homes, it is a never-ending series of projects. The basement is the newest challenge they plan to tackle this year, making it into a place where the family can lounge and relax together.
“I think one of the coolest things about our house is the exposed beams on the top floor,” Claire asserts. The attic was blown out to make the ceiling higher and to add skylights, which adds so much natural light. Instead of removing the beams, most of them are still there, adding depth and lending a nod to the old structure of the house.
As you'll see, the Mandell family's home is a charming example of how a combination of old and new can invigorate a space's character and soul. —Karla
Photography by Janis Nicolay
1/15 This is the home's front porch. Most of the houses on the street have a front porch and the neighbors hang out every summer night and chat. “My mom has always taught me to make your outdoor living spaces as livable as your indoor spaces,” Claire says. The white chair is from Livingspace, the rugs are from IKEA.
2/15 The dining room's table and chairs are restored vintage pieces purchased from FullHouse in Vancouver. Not only is the table gorgeous, but it has two hidden leaves that pull out to host 10 for dinner, which they do often. Claire had been coveting the chandelier (shaped like a pirate ship) for a couple of years and her mom surprised her with it as a gift. The rug, which was previously Claire's parents', is silk and has traveled around with the couple from house to house. “It's [incredibly] beautiful, I'll always make sure to have it somewhere,” Claire shares.
3/15 Another shot of the dining room including a contemporary butterfly print. “I loved it because it really accented the rug and because it's big and abstract. And our cat Penelope is in her usual snooze spot,” says Claire.
4/15 This credenza is from The Cross Design & Decor and holds wine glasses and other special pieces. The little oil paintings, affectionately referred to as the three musketeers, are from The Baker's Dozen. “I use the credenza as a cocktail-making station, a spot to display a pretty dessert, or just for fun things I am really digging at the moment,” Claire says.
5/15 The little bone table has a funny pair of antique, kid-sized red cowboy boots on it. “People always ask if they were mine, but I just thought they were cute and funny so I put them on display,” chuckles Claire. The bar cart has a cool "M" neon letter that was a wedding gift from a friend, representing the family's last name.
6/15 This is the transitional space between the dining room and living room which has been dubbed "The Library." These chairs were in Claire's dad's old office and she snagged them when he decided to buy a couch. “Every time my parents come over, my Dad totally regrets giving me these chairs,” Claire shares. They had custom closet makers build a floor-to-ceiling bookshelf (out of frame) that holds all their cookbooks, coffee table books, novels, board games, vases and some photographs.
7/15 This is right inside the front door, the hallway to the kitchen. To the right is a doorway to their open-concept living room, library and dining room. The runner is from The Cross, the propeller is from Antique Market and the oil painting is from Claire's mom's old art gallery.
8/15 A look into the kitchen with its clean lines and crisp, white feel. The barstools are from Livingspace.
9/15 This is the powder room, which is right off the kitchen on the main floor. It's really little and used to be all white. To add personality to the space, Claire added this whimsical wallpaper and now it's Dave's favorite room in the house. “Every time I open the door it just makes me so happy,” Claire says.
10/15 This is their son Walter's room. When designing, they wanted to create a really fun, colorful space. The rug is from IKEA, the shelves are from CB2 and the dresser is from One Kings Lane. “My mom (Pixie) and I were walking along Main Street one afternoon and saw the little rocking chair outside of an antique store” says Claire. “We had seen it before I was expecting, but now that we could actually buy it for a reason -- and not just for fun -- we did.” They had it recovered in the funky green leather and it's definitely one of the favorite pieces in the room.
11/15 This is the opposite side of Wally's room. The chair and crib are new, the other things have traveled around with the couple like the black marble table, the Dr. Seuss print, and the turquoise beaded pillow. It was really fun for the couple to be able to put together his room to include some of their most treasured things.
12/15 The master bedroom. The bed and bedside dressers were made by Soma Furniture because the couple couldn't find a bed with storage. This bed has really large drawers that have been very useful. The lamps are from IKEA, the pink and peach rug is silk and a hand-me-down from Claire's parents, and the sheepskins were necessary to make the room feel cozier. The bench is vintage, and the weaving on the wall was done by a friend, Britt Buntain - she owns a store in Victoria called Picot. “I love our bedroom; unlike the rest of our home it is pretty neutral in the color department,” Claire notes.
13/15 This is the third bedroom upstairs. For now it is a home office and TV room. The rug is another amazing hand-me-down from Claire's parents and works so well with the marble coffee table from AllModern.com. “Dave is a car/motorcycle/anything-with-a-motor fanatic, so the Ferrari poster was going up whether I liked it or not. For the record, I like the poster,” Claire admits.
The 1992 Olympic Games had just finished, and USA Cycling, together with a group of top industry partners, embarked on an ambitious mission to provide its track athletes with the fastest bike in the world in time for the 1996 Atlanta Games. The so-called GT Superbike was a wild departure from conventional design of the time — a full-blown ground-up rethink of what a bike could be. But while the engineers were looking to the future, the UCI was more interested in tradition, and the course of bicycle engineering from that point forward would be forever altered.
By any stretch of the imagination, the Project '96 GT Superbike was an incredible design. Born from the idea of making the fastest bike in the world, its makers were free from the restrictions of any technical regulations, and they took full liberty with the freedom that provided.
To more efficiently slice through the air, the futuristic carbon fiber composite frame used airfoil cross-sections throughout, and the top tube and seatstays were omitted completely. The bike was also impossibly narrow from tip to tail, as well as curiously low and short, with a conventional 700c rear wheel but a tiny 24in front wheel that allowed team riders to follow each other more closely and enhance drafting effects.
Such wholesale abandonment of convention required a systemic approach to the rest of the bike as well. Virtually everything had to be custom-built specifically for the project. Component partner Mavic developed special wheels and cranks to match the frameset's ultra-narrow profile, and every cockpit was a bespoke creation for each individual rider. The integrated seatmasts were essentially non-adjustable, too, and whatever minute changes were possible were arduous and slow.
But the bike was fast. Perhaps too fast.
How the Superbike came to be
GT Bicycles was an industry icon in the mid-1990s, but only in the realms of mountain biking and BMX. Although road cycling was a potentially lucrative segment, the company had virtually no credibility away from the dirt. GT founder Richard Long wanted to change that, and felt a high-visibility appearance at the Olympics would go a long way towards establishing a reputation in the road world.
“It was very soon after the Barcelona Olympics, in early 1993, Richard said, ‘Hey, these guys from USA Cycling are going to come up and look at the place. We're kicking around this idea of sponsoring the team',” recounted Forrest Yelverton, GT's head of engineering at the time. “So these guys from USAC came up, they saw what we did there, and we chatted about the possibility of doing this. As manufacturers, the guys at the shop were totally stoked to be able to do such a thing. Shortly after that, those guys inked a deal and we started on this long parade to make this ‘ultimate bike' for 1996.”
The idea of creating an “ultimate bike” sounded good on paper, but actually figuring out what it would entail was challenging, to say the least. How does “ultimate” translate in terms of performance? What would it look like? How would it be built?
It wasn't long before the key individuals were gathered for Project '96: Yelverton and his team at GT's facility in Colorado, GT composites engineer Ralph Ray in California, aerodynamics guru Chester Kyle, and composites specialist Don Guichard.
Legendary bicycle composites pioneer Brent Trimble machined the frame tooling at his home in Boulder, Colorado. Outside partners included French wheel and component company Mavic, and American data specialists EDS out of Texas.
GT had no experience with track bikes at the time, so the company first built a number of steel framesets, both to decide on geometry, and to help the athletes grow acquainted with being sponsored by what, at the time, was a mountain-bike company.
Once that was settled, GT then transitioned to a series of aluminum bikes made from aero-section extrusions — internally known as “Superbike 1”. As advanced as the SB1 bikes were for the day, that was still just a stopgap measure. The final product would be much, much more radical.
“I do remember at one of the meetings, just everyone around the chalkboard, and someone says, ‘We could go like this, we could go like that, with carbon we don't need this tube, we don't need that tube' — it was all sort of group discussion about the options,” said Yelverton. “It all just sort of narrowed down to this one being the best from a combination of aerodynamics, ultimate stiffness that the rider was going to need, and manufacturability. We considered getting rid of the down tube, or getting rid of the top tube, or getting rid of one or the other stays — there were a lot of things being batted around, and this just melted out of that group's discussion about what was going to be the best way to go about it.
“We had three main [concepts], and from those, we built these clay and steel and styrofoam models that we ran at the tunnel.”
Building those models was a project in and of itself. Today, designs are more readily translated off the computer screen, but twenty years ago, it wasn't so simple.
Today, Jeff Soucek is R&D director at Felt Bicycles, but in 1993, he was GT's senior industrial designer, a self-described “grunt” responsible for turning those drawings into physical models. And conveniently, he was into model airplanes.
“I had been doing slope soaring gliders at the time with my brother, and we would scratch-build all of our own airplanes,” he said. “So I built it like an airplane wing. I had Forrest give me a horizontal cross-section in one-inch increments from top to bottom. So then I would take that cross-section, glue it to a small piece of plywood, cut out that cross-section, top and bottom, glue it to a piece of foam, and then use a hot wire cutter and trace around both those cross-sections to make a loft, inch by inch.
“So after I did all those lofts, inch by inch, to make the entire bike, I then skinned it with balsa and fiberglass — just like you would on a slope soaring glider — and then from there, we built these prototype composite molds off of it. We basically took the frame, we built a shadow box around it, and backfilled it with aluminum-filled epoxy.
“As far as the materials goes, that's where Don Guichard came in. He got his hands on some outdated satellite material that had a really high modulus, and that's what we built it out of. We basically laid it up and built it in the back of GT. That was the first prototype. The production bikes were obviously made differently, out of aluminum molds, but the first prototype was made that way.”
Hitting the track
Testing for the new carbon fiber version — internally dubbed Superbike 2 — was done in secret at the U.S. Olympic Training Center Velodrome in Colorado Springs, Colorado. One of the testers was former professional cyclist Christian Vande Velde, a teenager at the time and resident athlete.
“When we first rode it, we were so excited,” Vande Velde told CyclingTips. “It was in Colorado Springs before we went to Atlanta. The biggest thing with that bike was the Q-factor. It was very, very narrow — maybe the narrowest ever produced. Most of us were young enough that our bodies were still malleable but it was easy to adjust. I loved it from the get-go. It was easy to ride, obviously the 24in front wheel was kind of funky, but then again, that's all we knew.
“It was a pretty sick bike,” he continued. “The best thing was that nothing ever had to be changed; the bike was yours and yours alone. I trained on that bike so much that I felt more comfortable on that than I did on my road bike. It was just a part of me. That was one of my favorite bikes that I've ever ridden in my entire life.”
Vande Velde was a team alternate at the Atlanta Games in 1996 so he didn't actually use the bike in competition at the Olympics. However, he raced on it regularly in the three years afterward, on both the national and international circuits.
“I won a couple of titles on that bike: the pursuit in '97, and the World Cup overall on that bike in '97. I have maybe more [time on this bike] than anyone. We rode those all the way through the Worlds in 1999.The teams changed around a lot but '96, '97, and then '99 — I rode that thing quite a bit. No one rides a bike for four years now.”
Time to race — and the UCI steps in
The U.S. track cycling team raced the Superbike 2 to limited success at the Atlanta Games, with Erin Hartwell bringing home a silver medal in the kilo. Sadly, Richard Long didn't even get to see that happen after so much time and energy invested in the project; he was killed in a motorcycle accident just days before the opening ceremonies.
The Superbike 2 would continue to be used in competition for three years after the Games. Race results notwithstanding, it was a success from an engineering standpoint as it unquestionably provided a technological advantage to its riders. Yelverton says that GT had the wind tunnel data to prove that it was faster than other bikes at the time.
“I don't remember the numbers, but it was significant,” he said.
Given that advantage, it's difficult to say just how much longer the GT Superbike 2 would have been ridden, or if there would have been subsequent Superbike editions to follow.
Unfortunately for GT and other similarly innovation-minded companies, though, the UCI set out to squelch those technological advantages shortly after the Superbike 2 broke ground in Atlanta. The GT certainly wasn't the first bike to sport a decidedly unconventional layout (the Lotus 108 preceded it by a substantial margin, for example), but it may have been the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back. The now-infamous Lugano Charter was drafted later in 1996, and then finally went into effect in 2000. From that point forward, designers and engineers were dramatically restricted in terms of what they could and could not do.
“[The Superbike] just pushed it too far,” said Soucek, “so that's when we had the charter come up and it introduced all the current regulations on the bikes now. The 3-to-1 rules, the boxes, double diamond frames, and all this lovely stuff we deal with today is kind of a result of that project.”
“I remember, at the Olympics, seeing [UCI president Hein] Verbruggen in this little sectioned-off part of the stands with no one around him over there looking at the bike,” said Yelverton. “And then it was shortly after that, sure enough, we started seeing in print, ‘I thought I was looking at airplanes; this is crazy! Mano y mano, I'm going to stop this now.' We fought that hard, of course, but we lost.”
We can only imagine what bikes today might look like had that fateful document never been adopted into the UCI rulebook, but given where the industry was headed in the mid-1990s, it's safe to say that modern machinery would be vastly different from what we have currently.
“You can kind of look at bikes that you're seeing in Ironman triathlon,” Yelverton said. “They're pretty similar; they just have some bigger sections, and some other weird things going on, but I think, had the openness of the design rules been allowed to be out there, we'd be seeing some crazy stuff right now.”
Sadly, the GT Superbike 2 now merely stands as a testament for what could have been, and Yelverton looks back fondly at what might otherwise have been viewed as the dawn of a new era in terms of bicycle technology had the UCI not intervened.
“I have a picture of [the Superbike] hanging on my wall, right now. I definitely have a soft spot for it. It was a cool bike.”
TRENTON -- New York City's top cop accused Gov. Chris Christie on Wednesday night of having "made a bit of a fool of himself" for criticizing Mayor Bill de Blasio on the city's crime statistics.
New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton had a stern message for New Jersey's governor: "Stay within your own neighborhood."
Bratton, speaking on NY1's "Inside City Hall," lashed out at Christie after the Republican presidential hopeful on Tuesday blamed Mayor Bill de Blasio for a culture of "lawlessness" in New York City. He also accused Christie of "deflecting" from the ongoing George Washington Bridge lane closure controversy.
"When he gets Trenton, when he gets Newark, when he gets Camden to be anywhere near as safe as New York City, then he might be able to criticize us,'' Bratton said.
"Stay within your own neighborhood. When you have issues inside your own neighborhood that need fixing, fix those before you start criticizing things that are going on in another neighborhood."
Christie, during a Tuesday morning television appearance, accused de Blasio of making New York City "less safe" despite crime stats showing it was the safest summer on record. Instead, Christie accused de Blasio of helping to "diminish the quality of life" in the city.
He said the mayor had "liberal policies" that he said sparked "lawlessness" in New York City.
"It's not a safer place," said Christie, who appeared on MSNBC moments after the mayor's interview on the program. Christie accused him of "sitting here and deluding the American people."
Christie brushed off New York City's latest crime stats that showed the city had a safer summer, saying people can "cut these statistics 18 different ways."
The governor also said he would bring back the controversial stop-and-frisk policy in "about five minutes" in the city.
"Stop-and-frisk would be back," Christie said. "We would empower the police and not undercut them. If police officers step over the line, they deserve to be taken care and prosecuted, but this guy, this mayor presumes guilt on the part of the police officer before anything happens."
But Bratton wasn't impressed with Christie's interview. The commissioner ripped Christie for the George Washington Bridge lane closure controversy.
"There's a little bit of a deflect going on, I think you have a little bit of a deflect going on," Bratton said.
"I think there's a little scandal going on over there in New Jersey today, that I think he's looking to deflect attention from. Bridgegate has reared its ugly head with the United Airlines scandal," he said. "Maybe the governor's attempting to deflect attention away from that issue, but let's get real."
MORE CHRIS CHRISTIE
Matt Arco may be reached at marco@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @MatthewArco or on Facebook. Follow NJ.com Politics on Facebook.
Image caption Foreign brands of baby milk formula are hugely sought after
China has banned all imports of milk powder from New Zealand after its main dairy exporter, Fonterra, found a bacterial strain in some of its products that can cause botulism.
China relies on New Zealand for almost all its imports of milk powder.
Imports are highly prized in China after a tainted milk formula scandal in 2008 killed six babies and made some 300,000 infants ill.
New Zealand's trade minister described Beijing's decision as "appropriate".
Fonterra's announcement that it had found the contamination led to a global recall of up to 1,000 tonnes of dairy products across seven countries, including China.
The potentially tainted products included infant milk formula, sports drinks, protein drinks and other beverages.
Botulism is one of the most dangerous forms of food poisoning, often leading to paralysis.
The bacteria were found in three batches of Fonterra's whey protein used in infants' Nutricia Karicare follow-on formula, Fonterra said.
Nearly 80% of dairy products imported by China come from New Zealand, according to state media.
Any prolonged ban of imports could well lead to a dairy shortage in China, the BBC's Martin Patience reports from Beijing.
'Blanket protection'
New Zealand Trade Minister Tim Groser said China's action was "entirely appropriate".
He said: "It's better to do blanket protection for your people then wind it back when we, our authorities, are in a position to give them the confidence and advice that they need."
The Chinese authorities named four domestic companies that have imported potentially contaminated products from New Zealand. According to state media, these companies have begun a recall.
The whey product was produced in May last year, with a dirty pipe at one of Fonterra's processing plants in Waikato responsible for the contamination, the company said.
Fonterra, the fourth largest dairy company in the world, said it had urged its customers to urgently check their supply chains.
The countries affected besides New Zealand and China include Australia, Thailand, Malaysia, Vietnam and Saudi Arabia.
Russia is also reported to have begun a recall of Fonterra products.
Fonterra said there had been no reports of any illness linked to the affected whey product.
The dairy industry powers New Zealand's economy, with the country exporting up to 95% of its milk.
news, latest-news,
A 16-year-old teen allegedly attempted to hold police at knife point while demanding cash in an attack in the Canadian State Forest. The alleged armed hold-up led to a full scale police operation when three men fled the scene in two separate vehicles. Plain-clothed police were patrolling the Canadian State Forest in an unmarked car when it is alleged they were boxed in by a group of men in two cars at 11.10am on Wednesday. Police arrested the boy at the scene and he remains in custody. One man fled in a red Opel sedan with stolen number plates ORS 689 on the front and UXD 100 on the rear. Two other man left the scene in a gold Peugeot sedan with registration UKF 333. The police members were uninjured during the incident. The arrested teen, from Ballarat, was charged late on wednesday. After this incident, witnesses told of the frightening moment they narrowly avoided being rammed by cars believed to be fleeing the forest at excessive speed. Tim said a man whose face was covered with “a sky-blue hoodie” drove at excessive speed down Elsworth Street toward Sebastopol. He said the man drove straight past a marked police car. Only his eyes were showing through slits in the jumper. Ballarat's Jamie Tucker was traveling on Skipton Street when a car “came flying off Hill Street”. He said he was forced to slam on his brakes to avoid being rammed as the car drove quickly. Mr Tucker said the car was not visibly being pursued by police at that point. Mr Tucker said Highway Patrol vehicles trailed the car shortly after. Police are believed to have followed cars in Sebastopol and Delacombe, where the red Opel was last sighted. The gold Peugeot, with two men inside, was last seen in the Ballarat area. At time of publication police media officer Belinda Batty confirmed the three wanted men had not yet been found. The attempted armed robbery comes as Police Association assistant secretary Bruce McKenzie said Ballarat police regularly experience violent behaviour from members of the public. Police are urging anyone with information about the vehicles or suspects to come forward. Contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or lodge an online report at crimestoppers.com.au. Police media have just released the following statement: “Police are investigating after an attempted armed robbery of police members near Ballarat this morning. Members in an unmarked police vehicle were patrolling the state forest in Canadian when they were boxed in by two other cars at about 11.10am. A man from one of the cars approached the plain clothed officers, produced a knife and demanded cash. A 16-year-old was arrested after a brief struggle at which time three other men fled in the two cars. The police members were uninjured during the incident. Police would like to speak to anyone who has any information about the cars. The first car is a red Opel sedan with stolen numbers plates ORS 689 on the front and UXD 100 on the back it was last seen near Delacombe. The second car is a gold Peugeot sedan with registration UKF 333 which was last seen in the Ballarat area with two men inside. Anyone with any information is urged to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or report online at www.crimestoppersvic.com.au” A BALLARAT resident has told of the frightening moment when a car being pursued by police sped out in front of him - metres from his vehicle. Jamie Tucker was on his way home from work when a car ran a red light. Mr Tucker said he was driving on Skipton Street when a car "came flying off Hill Street". Mr Tucker said he had to "slam on his brakes" to avoid hitting the car. "It took off up Skipton Street and ran a red light," Mr Tucker said. "It crossed over (the road) ... and was outside the Atlantic hotel." Mr Tucker said the car was travelling up to 100 km/h up Skipton Street. "It was an accident that was either going to happen or not," Mr Tucker said. "Yes, both me and the other car (slammed on our brakes)." Mr Tucker said the car was not visibly being pursued by police at that point, but shortly after Highway Patrol cars began following the vehicle. A BUNINYONG man said he knew something was not right when he saw a masked driver speeding down Elsworth Street. Tim (who did not wish to have his last name published) was traveling from Buninyong when he saw a red Opel car fly down Elsworth Street past Zagames. "I didn't know what was going on," Tim said. "I was going up to urn right onto Elsworth Street when I saw the car come flying down towards (me)." Tim said the driver has a "sky blue hoodie" wrapped around his face like a balaclava covering everything except for his eyes. The driver was heading toward Sebastopol and drove at high speed past a marked police van, Tim said. RELATED COVERAGE A police hunt is underway for two vehicles following an incident near the Canadian State Forest at about 11am today. It is believed the vehicles involved have been stolen and are known to police. The police air wing has been requested to help in the search. It is not known if it will be attending. It is believed at least one of the cars has fled towards the Delacombe/Sebastopol area. There have also been sightings of one of the cars near Warrenheip. It is also believed another suspect is in custody. Attempts have been made to contact police for further information.
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/34dXacDR8RguBkyLHxYXLhN/a1d5cc54-98cd-46cf-a42b-c2f9d94911c8.JPG/r12_252_4916_3023_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
The inferno dragon is the newest card in the newest update in Clash Royale and for anyone lucky to get the inferno dragon, you need to know the best inferno dragon decks and some inferno dragon strategy in Clash Royale! Today's article will be completely devoted to the inferno dragon and sharing the best new inferno dragon decks!
Inferno Dragon Defensive Strategy
It can easily be argued that the inferno dragon is actually a better defensive legendary card than it is an offensive one. Since it is basically a little, moving inferno tower, it does insane damage against tanks. Here are the best units to play it against!
Giant
P.E.K.K.A
Golem
Prince
Hog
Giant Skeleton
Miner
Lava Hound
So basically, any tank is good to play the inferno dragon against. It will absolutely MELT these units, unless a zap is used to “reset” its charge. Even then, it will still do some crazy damage. You usually want to play the inferno tower close to the tower, so that it can start its charge as the tank unit comes closer to your tower. Here are some examples:
Inferno Dragon vs Lava Hound
Inferno Dragon vs Giant
Inferno Dragon vs Giant Skeleton
To sum up all of the inferno dragon's defense, you want to play it against tank units and not spam units. Pretty simple!
Inferno Dragon Offensive Strategy
The whole goal of the inferno dragon is to try and get it to the tower. If you can manage to get this legendary card to the tower, it will do some massive damage and will literally take down the tower. Here's an example:
Absolutely insane. Over 2000 damage done and the inferno dragon is only down 1/2 of its health. That's some extreme Clash Royale gameplay! Anyways, it is probably best to put the inferno dragon behind a tank (lava hound is ideal) along with some troop or spell that can kill cheap, weak units that might be placed down to counter the inferno dragon. Do all that and you will dominate!
Inferno Dragon Best Decks
Lastly, we have some OP inferno dragon decks! These are the best inferno dragon decks in Clash Royale right now, but I'm sure better ones will emerge.
Lava Hound-Inferno Dragon Deck #1-
Lava Hound-Inferno Dragon Deck #2-
Giant-Inferno Dragon Deck-
That's all the decks I've got right now with the inferno dragon! If you were lucky enough to unlock the inferno dragon, have fun dominating with him as of now. Make sure to check back here tomorrow for new Clash Royale content!
Don't forget to subscribe to us on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNo3IxCrp34erbCRLmG8HIA
Madrid police have confirmed that the Bolton Wanderers defender Marcos Alonso was involved in a car accident in which a woman died. The 20-year-old crashed a BMW into a stone wall in the centre of Madrid early on Monday morning following a night out with friends in the Spanish capital.
A 22-year-old woman was rushed to hospital with an intracranial trauma, but was pronounced dead just 30 minutes later. Another passenger is reported to be badly injured with a wounded abdomen and thorax, while Alonso's brother Miguel and his former Real Madrid team-mate Jaime Navarro were also hurt.
A statement from the Superior de Justicia de Madrid said: "Preliminary investigating court No4 in Madrid yesterday released footballer Marcos Alonso Mendoza, who is suspected of having committed an alleged crime against road safety, driving while over the alcohol limit, a crime of negligent homicide and causing of reckless injury.
"In addition, the judge has imposed precautionary measures to withdraw his driving licence and impose a driving ban throughout the national territory for the duration of the instruction process."
Alonso can return to England while a court date is set. That process could take up to eight months.
Alonso had earlier posted the fact he was out with Navarro on Twitter: "Out with @jaimenvr for a drink and enjoying a couple of days off with the family. What a great player Jaimito is!"
Alonso, who played just once for Madrid's first team, has made four appearances for Bolton in the Premier League this season. He is the son of the former Barcelona and Atlético Madrid midfielder of the same name and the grandson of the former Real defender Marquitos.
Why we may elect our new AI overlords
Chris Monteiro Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 2, 2016
If you follow conversations around AI ethics these days, you may be forgiven for believing that either:
Some sort of AI dictator may be imposed by some shadowy new-world order type organisation, or
Due to improper human-compatible programming, an advanced artificial general intelligence will turn us all into paperclips for the paperclip god.
I voted ‘remain' okay, allow me to have this
Whilst I can't fully refute either scenario, I can speculate on the potential for near-future political applications of AI which have the potential to be both disruptive and unintuitively desirable.
Automatic, near-instant, ubiquitous fact checking
UK fact-checking organisation Full Fact recently released a report that covered the state of various fact checking technologies in use and in development. It covered areas like overall existing semantic data standards in use and their challenges, and trends seem to be that natural language and contextual language recognition is going from strength to strength.
The techniques in play include quickly responding to previously debunked claims, data mining statistics on demand and drawing confidence-based correlations from less reliable but plentiful data like news and social media reports. The convergent goal of these various projects appears to be moving fact checking from a post-hoc arm-chair analyst world, to a force that for example, in the middle of a debate or news report, is avalible to instantly challenge, rate or question any given factual statement within seconds of it being said. This is a game changer.
We're not there yet, but we're not too far away either. In a future where people can run their fact check bot (or preferred bot as the case may be) along side every news report, political statement or even entertainment article they consume, and it immediately and reliably gives feedback as they go along, this becomes like having an expert critic reading along with you on any given subject. In the short term I would imagine it would increase existing trends such as complaints to the broadcasters or publishers about inaccuracies and cause some media to lose and others to gain followers. But more importantly, as this power asserted itself, many people will choose to run these bots for the convenience and assurances they give, and in time what gets said said will start to change. Politicians may be forced to ‘fact-check proof' their speeches to a much higher degree, or where detailed figures were not avalible, to better qualify statements with ‘around such and such' or ‘I believe so and so' in order to avoid being instantly called out.
I'm well aware that a single self-selected arbiter of the truth is dangerous, as a recent conversation with an acquaintance and arch-Libertarian Mike Lorry showed on the matter. Persuading him of the utility of holding public officials accountable through such technology, rather than exclusive use by the existing incumbents to control discourse , can be done via mixing of data sources, preferences with confidence weightings and I even managed to bring an initial sceptic around to this point of view
Gamble on the future, and win
Prediction markets have been significantly in vogue in rationalist circles for a while now, the idea that stock market-like betting pools for a whole range of ideas could not only incentivise empiricism in traditionally loose predictions, but also create significant financial motivations and secondary markets in this space. Let me explain. Currently a politician can be elected on the completely nebulous assertions that they will ‘institute fairness' or ‘take back control' . When said politicians manages to get elected on the basis of this rhetoric, they have barely any accountability due to the insubstantial nature of their ‘prediction'. Sure, some political commentators may call them out this vagueness, but often to their supporters, happy feelings were promised, happy feelings were (at least initially) delivered. What if politicians could actually put their money where their mouth was more often with predictions? A number of things begin to change…
“A Labour government would be a disaster for the economy” becomes “I predict that if Labour win the general election with a majority in the next 4 years, UK GDP will experience negative growth” If the politician or commentator is confident on this point, they could bet on it, and people who disagreed could bet against. Of course as people bet for and against, the overall odds emerge and people start changing their bets. Perhaps an economics think tank weighs in publicly and places a bet on one side, causing a number of other high profile people to change their bet, causing a cascade effect. Perhaps this is then overblown and a market correction follows.
At least I can wipe away my tears with the money from my winnings…
Run something like this over 4 years and watch how it changes, and observe people try and game the system. Suddenly people are clamouring for the latest trade report to know where they should move their money, they are desperate to hear the upcoming manifesto scope to see if the policies are well researched or not and so on. You've gone and created a marketplace for political ideas.
Ideally you don't run such a system over such a long period as 4 years, but rather over much shorter cycles with predictions like “the upcoming environment report will show decreased air purity by more than 5% in central london” or “the result of the local NHS restructure survey from Ipsos-MORI will show an overall increased level of patient satisfaction”. Bet now, bet fast, because if you're so sure you know the answer, you'll make out like bandits.
Over time, the idea is that people will tend to bet along side parties with the most proven track records, creating more stable ‘bookies favourites' in traditional sports terms. But unlike the horse races where the bookies are always one step ahead and ensuring the house always wins, a very significant amount of people will vote for the outsiders due to their existing political allegiances, tribalistic tendencies and plain stubbornness. And rational and informed people will take their money most of the time.
Bringing it all together
I've outlined how we may welcome fact check bots (or at least the bots we like) into our media-consuming lives, and how markets for all kinds of ideas, even politics create powerful incentives for predictions and research. Now we have to turn the system up to 11. What if rather than just individuals and organisations playing the prediction markets, we allowed hive-minds to do so?
I recently encountered a sports prediction bot, entirely powered by what sports fan said, then reacted to, then changed their mind to, then decided a consensus on — or not. This type of complex crowd sourcing is far more sophisticated than simple direct democracy, it's a highly quantified social discussion model which can beat sports and even film experts at all kinds of predictions.
“Ah ha!” you might say, “That's not real AI, that's artificial, artificial intelligence!”. Well you say, potato I said root vegetable. The analysis algorithm is based on hard statistics and commentator shifting opinion, but the confluence between the two and the evolution the discussion and analysis is truly an emergent phenomenon. So now we have AI's plugged into data sources and hive minds which can be programmed to make predictions on the markets. They can differentiate public option from fact via the fact check bots, look for the safest bests where the current pundits have got it wrong and win everyone's money, again and again and again…
And you know what? A bot that wins the market much more than anyone else is probably on to a good thing. Perhaps I want to vote with it more often than against so I stop wasting my investments here. Politicians may fire their fleshy human advisers and see why Socialism Bot 9000 is getting rich — or more likely why Utili-tron, the utilitarian AI is always the bookies favourite. And after a while, in a number of areas we may find the politicians simply doing what the AI suggest, because they are provably right far more of the time.
At this point why elect the politicians at all — why not vote for your favourite AI with the best track record of both accurate predictions and — maybe just a bit — favouring your preferred politics.
“If elected I promise evidence based policy, accountability and honesty when I don't know the answers”
You know, representative democracy might not so bad after all. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to plug myself back into the Matrix and go cast my vote with Utili-tron, he's seeking re-election for 10,000th year running, and you wouldn't want the wrong robot to get in…
Yours, a futurist, political pundit and frustrated ‘remain' voter looking to change the world for the better
Three siblings – two brothers and their sister – from Fallston were killed Monday evening in a three-vehicle accident near Bel Air, a Maryland State Police spokesman said.
The accident occurred shortly before 10 p.m. on Route 543 about half a mile south of Wheel Road a few miles southeast of Bel Air.
Ashley M. Bauguess, 24, David S. Bauguess, 29, and Joseph M. Bauguess, 17, all of the 1300 block of Marquis Court in Fallston, were killed.
All three were pronounced dead at the scene, police said. Their bodies were taken to the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner in Baltimore for autopsies, including toxicology reports.
Two other people were injured and taken to Bayview Medical Center in Baltimore by Bel Air Volunteer Fire Company ambulances, according to Rich Gardiner, spokesman for the Harford County Fire and Ambulance Association. Two other people involved declined medical treatment at the scene, Gardiner said.
The siblings were in a 2003 Chevy Cavalier heading south on Route 543 about a half mile south of Wheel Road when, for unknown reasons, it crossed the double yellow center lines, Greg Shipley, spokesman for Maryland State Police, said early Tuesday morning.
Police were still trying to determine who was driving and who was seated where in the Cavalier, which, when it crossed the center lines, sideswiped a Toyota heading north on Route 543. The Cavalier began to spin and was T-boned by a 2007 Acura also heading north on Route 543, Shipley said.
The impact split the Cavalier in half – one half was still on the road, the other half was over the guardrail and in a wooded area. The two brothers were ejected from the car, Shipley said, and troopers were unable to determine if either was wearing a seat belt. The sister, who appeared to be wearing a seat belt, was still in the car.
Car parts and glass were spread over a lengthy section of the road.
"There are vehicle pieces and debris littered across an area that's a tenth of a mile in length," Shipley said. "The vehicle was split in half. One part is at the southern most end of the scene, the other half is near the northern side."
Members of the Maryland State Police CRASH team were still piecing together what happened and what may have caused the accident. They also are trying to determine if speed and/or alcohol were factors. Elena Russo, a state police spokeswoman, said Tuesday afternoon said the crash was still being investigated.
All three vehicles were still at the scene early Tuesday morning. By mid-day Tuesday, they had been removed, but visible signs of the horrific crash remained.
Green lines dotted the road indicating tire paths or where a bumper came to rest. Latex gloves were scattered around. Small pieces of shattered debris were strewn across both shoulders of the busy road. On one side, a large piece of wreckage hung in a tree. A rearview mirror was on one side of the road, a headlight on the other.
Besides the three who were killed, two others were injured in the accident. Ryan B. Cooper, 29, of the 100 block of Briarcliff Lane in Bel Air, who was driving the Acura, and his passenger, Sean P. O'Brien, 30, of the 3700 block of Wolf Trail Drive in Abingdon, were both taken by ambulance from Bel Air Volunteer Fire Company to Bayview Medical Center in Baltimore, where they were listed in stable condition around 1 a.m. Tuesday, Shipley said.
They were not listed Tuesday afternoon in Bayview's hospital directory.
The driver of the Toyota, Hua Lin, 30, of the 300 block of South Main Street in Bel Air, and his passenger, Du Gi Lin, 34, whose address was unavailable, were not injured in the crash, Shipley said.
Both the Harford County Sheriff's Office and Maryland State Police dispatched officers to the scene. Rescue personnel from local volunteer fire companies also were at the scene.
Helicopter malfunction
EMS personnel responding to the scene knew multiple injuries were reported and called for two Maryland State Police Medevac helicopters – Trooper 1 based at Martin State Airport and Trooper 2 based at Andrews Air Force Base.
As Trooper 1 approached to land in a yard just off of Route 543, Shipley said, the crew on board said they felt a "shudder" from one of the engines and a caution light came on in the cockpit.
The pilot, who was in his descent, made a "wheels down, normal landing" and shut down the aircraft, according to a state police news release. As the flight paramedic got out, one of the two engines appeared to be on fire, which was put out with fire extinguishers by firefighters from Bel Air Volunteer Fire Company.
Trooper 2 was circling overhead. It was not needed to fly either of the other two people injured for treatment, but instead the chopper helped investigators on the ground by illuminating the area, helping to ensure no other victims had been ejected from any of the cars involved, according to the news release.
State Police Aviation Command officers and technicians assessed the damage to the American Eurocopter Dauphin helicopter, which was delivered to state police in 1999, before it was loaded onto a flatbed trailer and taken back to aviation command headquarters at Martin Airport where it was to be inspected. The National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Aviation Administration were notified of the incident, according to the news release.
State police said they had no indication as to what caused the malfunction.
Road reopened
Route 543 was closed from Wheel Road south and from Route 136 north, as traffic was detoured via Schucks Road, while members of the Maryland State Police CRASH Team collected evidence from the accident.
Route 543 reopened about 5 a.m. Tuesday.
The three deaths Monday brought to six the number of people killed on Harford County highways in 2012. Five of the fatalities occurred since Feb. 7.
Check back with http://www.exploreharford.com for updates on this developing story.
WILL Ramble
Here's the deal folks. I'm not an RPG reviewer. I can't pretend I've read all the books currently on the market, or even all the books I actually own. I love Tiny D6 games (Tiny Dungeon, Tiny Frontiers) as some of the best minimalist RPGs I've personally played, so I'm going to write an RPG review… even if it isn't completely unbiased.
If you're looking for my previous write-ups on Tiny D6 games, I can oblige. Just click the image below
THE REVIEW
Fair warning: I play RPGs with the author of Tiny Frontiers: Mecha & Monsters on a fairly regular basis. I'll do my best to remain unbiased, but keep this in mind.
Today I'm reviewing the Kickstarter edition of Tiny Frontiers: Mecha & Monsters by Alan Bahr .
It's a minimalist STAND ALONE (that's right, you don't need the original Tiny Frontiers to play) sci-fi RPG about giant robots and hyper-destructive kaiju, designed to play on the run, with new players, with kids, or just with your normal group when you are between campaigns.
1.) Size and Production Quality
The Tiny Frontiers book isn't huge. It clocks in at 164 pages in with gorgeous full-color illustrations and layout. There are sidebar callouts, sensible tables, and has an overall clean look. It's well organized and easy to read. The paper quality and binding are great. In short, the producers learned lessons from their previous projects. This book it top notch quality.
At any rate, the standard book is priced at $15 and the PDF on DriveThruRPG is only $10 at the moment. For my money, a huge bargain. It's also available in hardcover print on demand for $30.
10/10
2.) Art
The art in Mecha & Monsters is far above average for an RPG. I've seen Ennie winners with worse art. There's plenty of it, and it's very evocative of the setting. I guess there could have been a little more? This is picking some serious nits.
9/10
3.) Content and Rules
For me, there are two areas where Tiny games really excel. This is one of them. The original TD rules are a great minimalist take with only 3d6 required to play. The Tiny D6 ruleset has been adapted for Mecha and Monsters with great effect. The game is still minimal and simple, getting out of your way so you can tell great stories together. Win.
9/10
4.) Game Master Section
In Mecha & Monsters, the GM section is a bit expanded over previous Tiny games. It has some nice guidelines for devastation, plenty of tables for random generation, and some guidelines for how to keep games about this particular brand of game fun.
8/10
5.) Pre-made Adventure
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: I LOVE MICRO SETTINGS. Part of the stretch goals for the Kickstarter were micro settings written by sci-fi authors, RPG luminaries, and generally talented folk. People like Steve Diamond, Robert Denton, Marie Brennan, and Elizabeth Chaipradikul to name a few.
I can't say enough about how easy and fun it is to read a 3-5 page micro setting, take one of its adventure hooks, and run with a fun session. All this in mere minutes.
10/10
Total Score: 46/50
The highest score I've ever given. Not that I've given many.
I'd purchase this game again.
POSTSCRIPT: Alan Bahr runs a tight KS ship, and he is running an amazing Kickstarter right now for Nocturnal Media. It isn't sci-fi or minimalist but is it one of my all-time-favorite rulesets (King Arthur Pendragon– it's possible KAP 5.2 will be my next RPG review), and the game is absolutely gorgeous. Also, a huge chunk of the proceeds goes to the widow and family of Stewart Wieck. Paladin was a labor of love for Stewart. Check out the Kickstarter. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nocturnalmedia/paladin-warriors-of-charlemagne
NewsHomosexuality
SEATTLE, WA, July 4, 2013 (LifeSiteNews.com) – A street preacher was repeatedly punched in the head and kicked by two men at Seattle's Pridefest this past Sunday – and the entire confrontation was caught on camera.
In disturbing video footage uploaded on Youtube and reported by Seattle's KOMO news, two Christian street preachers can be seen standing on a grassy area. One of the preachers holds a sign that says “Jesus saves and heals,” and “Repent or else,” while the other holds a Bible.
At the beginning of the video a large man approaches the two preachers angrily, while another woman repeatedly shoves the man carrying the Bible and demands that the two men leave.
The situation continues to heat up, until at one point a number of people attempt to snatch the sign away from the sign-wielding preacher. When one man succeeds, a melee ensues in which the angry man seen at the beginning of the video runs at and punches the preacher in the head several times while another kicks him repeatedly. Others attempted to break up the fight.
Police arrested 36-year-old Jason Queree, who is suspected of being the main attacker. Queree reportedly has a long history of arrests and convictions for a wide variety of criminal behavior. A second suspect was also arrested.
WARNING: The video is full of profanity and shows disturbing violence. Viewer discretion advised. The extreme violence commences at 2:35 into the video.
Click "like" if you support TRADITIONAL marriage.
The incident is reminiscent of an episode that took place at last year's Toronto Pride Parade, also caught on video, where a street preacher was surrounded by a mob of angry pride marchers. However, in that case the police took the side of the pride participants, telling the street preacher, "You're promoting hate." The police ultimately compelled David Lynn and his team from Christ's Forgiveness Ministries to leave the area and stop preaching.
The Seattle attack is another example in an increasing string of violence by homosexual activists.
Last August, it was only thanks to the heroic actions of a security guard at the Family Research Council that a gay activist intent on killing employees at the organization was stopped in his deadly assault.
This past January a group of Brazilian Catholics who gathered to march through the streets of Curitiba in the state of Parana to protest abortion and homosexual ideology were harassed, spat upon, and physically assaulted by a mob.
In April the head of the Catholic Church in Belgium, Archbishop Andre-Joseph Leonard, remained calmly seated with eyes closed in prayer as four topless lesbian activists attacked him with shouts and curses and doused him with water.
Last April, a group calling itself “Angry Queers” claimed responsibility for throwing baseball-sized rocks through nine church windows in Portland's Mars Hill Church, known for its traditional marriage stance.
An airstrip, structures and buildings on China's manmade Subi Reef in the Spratly chain of islands in the South China Sea in April 2017.
With its reef expansion apparently finishing up, China is working to extend the reach of its military power.
China is outfitting its manmade island outposts in the South China Sea with warplane hangars and weapons, the Pentagon said Tuesday in its annual assessment of Beijing's military.
Once finished, the People's Liberation Army Air Force intends to base three regiments of warplanes there, says the report, which was “generated” on May 15 and released to the public today.
“Although its land reclamation and artificial islands do not strengthen China's territorial claims as a legal matter or create any new territorial sea entitlements, China will be able to use its reclaimed features as persistent civil-military bases to enhance its presence in the South China Sea and improve China's ability to control the features and nearby maritime space,” the report says.
Last year's edition of the China-power report noted Beijing had completed its reclamation work on the islands. Think tanks and news organizations have previously reported the missile deployments and hangar construction, however this is the first time they have appeared in the Pentagon's annual China report.
“China's actions in the South China Sea in 2016, particularly its construction of airfields and other infrastructure on features in the Spratly Islands, enhanced China's ability to control disputed areas in the South China Sea and caused regional concern over China's longterm intentions,” the report states.
China has stopped expanding the reefs and is now working to add military infrastructure to them, the report states. New installations include airfields with runways of at least 8,800 feet, water and fuel storage, large port facilities, 24 fighter-sized hangars, communications facilities, fixed-weapons positions, barracks and administration buildings.
In March, the Center for Strategic and International Studies — a Washington think tank that has tracked the island expansion — said China was finishing up construction of the islands.
“China's three air bases in the Spratlys and another on Woody Island in the Paracels will allow Chinese military aircraft to operate over nearly the entire South China Sea,” it said. “The same is true of China's radar coverage, made possible by advanced surveillance/early-warning radar facilities at Fiery Cross, Subi, and Cuarteron Reefs, as well as Woody Island, and smaller facilities elsewhere.”
Meanwhile, China could soon have new, advanced warplanes to base on those faux islands. Two new stealth fighters — the J-20 and FC-31 — could be battle-ready as soon as next year, the Pentagon states.
Last July, The Hague international tribunal rejected China's claims in the South China Sea, including a claim to historical ownership of the region. In turn, the Chinese government rejected the ruling, with state media claiming that, “The Chinese government and the Chinese people firmly oppose it and will neither acknowledge it nor accept it.”
The U.S. has refused to recognize the claims and has sent military ships and aircraft near the islands in what it calls freedom-of-navigation operations — most recently last month.
William Morris IV contributed to this report.
As part of the VW Group's big electric drive comes a Porsche with, um, big electric drive.
The Stuttgart firm has today confirmed it will put the Mission E – its 600bhp all-electric four-seat concept, revealed earlier this year – into production, promising ‘a new chapter in the history of sports cars'.
A bold claim, but if the production Mission E lives up to the considerable promise of the Frankfurt concept, potentially a justified one. That car made ‘over 600bhp' from an electric motor on each of its axles (so it's four-wheel drive), with Porsche promising a 0-62mph time below 3.5 seconds, and a range north of 300 miles.
The lithium-ion battery pack could be 80 per cent recharged within just 15 minutes, so long as you've a high-intensity charger.
Today's announcement gives no suggestion the production Mission E will deviate from these figures, with Porsche promising the car will reach the road ‘at the end of the decade'.
With the Mission E's electric motors to be built in-house, Porsche will invest over 700 million euros expanding its Zuffenhausen facility, creating over 1,000 new jobs in the process.
“With Mission E we are making a clear statement about the future of the brand,” said chairman Dr Wolfgang Porsche. “Even in a greatly changing motoring world, Porsche will maintain its front-row position.”
In size terms, the Mission E is likely to slot between 911 and Panamera. A starting price of around £100,000 was mooted earlier this year, but with four years before the Mission E reaches production, that figure could shift in either direction.
“Potential Porsche full-electric car customers don't only want to drive fast,” Porsche's Stefan Weckbach told us at the unveiling of the concept. “They want to charge fast too.”
If the Mission E can solve the issues of limited range and slow recharging that have, to date, hampered electric sports cars, it could prove as revolutionary as Porsche promises.
Despite the VW Group's threat to delay or cancel ‘what isn't absolutely vital' in the wake of the diesel emissions scandal, it looks to be going full steam ahead in its bid to out-Tesla Tesla in the electric car market.
Of course, for all those who blew a gasket when 911s went from air- to water-cooled, the announcement of an e-Porsche might cause catastrophic seizure.
So, a 600bhp, all-electric four-seat Porsche. Sacrilege or genius?
Agency will bar men who have had sex with another man in the previous year from donating, a policy activists believe is still discriminatory
US government health officials are lifting the nation's 32-year-old lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men, but major restrictions will remain on who can donate.
Gay blood donors denied under 1980s policy that has been slow to change Read more
The ban had been aimed at preventing the transmission of HIV, the virus which causes Aids, but medical groups and gay activists have long said the ban could no longer be justified, based on modern testing methods. The US Food and Drug Administration said on Monday that the change is “backed by sound science and continues to protect our blood supply”.
Officials are replacing the blanket ban with a policy barring donations from men who have had sex with another man in the previous year. While the policy has been criticized by activists, the FDA stance is in line with that of other countries, including Australia and Britain. The US lifetime ban was put in place during the early Aids crisis.
The agency said people with hemophilia and related blood-clotting disorders will continue to be banned from donating blood due to potential harm they could suffer from large needles. Previously they were banned due to an increased risk of transmitting HIV.
The agency said it has also put in place a safety monitoring system for the blood supply, which it expects to provide “critical information” to help inform future FDA blood donor policies.
“Ultimately, the 12-month deferral window is supported by the best available scientific evidence, at this point in time, relevant to the US population,” Dr Peter Marks, deputy director of the FDA's biologics division, said in a statement. Several countries, including the United Kingdom and Australia, have 12-month deferrals.
During the change in Australia from an indefinite blood donor deferral policy – essentially a ban – to a 12-month deferral, studies evaluating more than eight million units of donated blood were performed using a national blood surveillance system, the FDA said.
“These published studies document no change in risk to the blood supply with use of the 12-month deferral,” the agency said. “Similar data are not available for shorter deferral intervals.”
The agency said its policies to date have helped reduce HIV transmission rates from blood transfusions from 1 in 2,500 to 1 in 1.47 million.
But many medical providers and activists working directly in HIV/Aids said the new policy is still discrimination.
“In practice, the new policy is still a continuation of the lifetime ban and ignores the modern science of HIV-testing technology while perpetuating the stereotype that all gay and bisexual men are inherently dangerous,” said Kelsey Louie, the executive director of the Gay Men's Health Crisis, a leader in HIV/Aids providing care, after the announcement. “Blood donation policies should be based on science, not stigma.”
GMHC sees the focus on abstinence as just a continuation of stigma towards gay and bisexual men in the US, even stating the US needs to stop “reacting to HIV like it is the early 1980s”.
And some elected officials rushed to agree.
“It is ridiculous and counter to the public health that a married gay man in a monogamous relationship can't give blood, but a promiscuous straight man who has had hundreds of opposite-sex partners in the last year can,” said Colorado representative Jared Polis in a statement after the announcement.
“There is no scientific reason to impose a celibacy requirement on gay men before they can donate blood,” he continued.
In an official statement released by the congressional LGBT Equality Caucus calling for the FDA to end all bans on gay and bisexual men from donating blood, congressional members pointed to a 2014 FDA BloodDROPS survey, which found that found the prevalence of HIV in gay and bisexual male blood donors was just 0.25%, which is actually lower than the overall prevalence in the US of 0.38%.
“This past year, we saw tremendous progress for the LGBT community with the legalization of same-sex marriage nationwide,” said Illinois congressman Mike Quigley.
“Unfortunately, today's official policy change by the FDA on blood donations from men who have sex with men from a lifetime ban to one-year deferral does not keep up with that same progress.”
Zach Stafford, Reuters and the Associated Press contributed to this report.
Mod Cott on the Lake is a private residence located on Lake Buchanan, Texas.
It was completed by Mell Lawrence Architects in 2008, and overlooks the lake from atop a dry, rocky hill.
View in gallery
Mod Cott on the Lake by Mell Lawrence Architects:
“A simple metal volume perched on a bluff offers targeted views of the lake below. The guesthouse and weekend retreat complements a nearby stone residence and although it is “on the grid,” its 14 solar panels collect enough energy to power its intermittent use. Rainwater is collected from the roof for household use and the xeriscaping requires no irrigation.
The house is oriented to the south, its galvanized metal exterior punctuated by windows that frame vignettes to the east and west. A partition wall separates the elongated rectangular interior and supports the lofts structure, which appears to float above the glazed joist spaces. Fir decking creates both ceiling and loft floor, and is repeated in the supersized wainscoting and stair screen wall.
Thirteen-foot doors further expand the modest volume, opening to the south to capture the view, prevailing breezes, and sounds of nature.”
Photos courtesy of Mell Lawrence Architects
Arsenal is likely to be without Jack Wilshere and Kieran Gibbs against Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday night after both players missed full training on Monday, but Theo Walcott does have an outside chance of returning to face Manchester United on Sunday.
Wilshere rolled his left ankle during training last Thursday and was forced to miss the 2-0 win against Liverpool on Saturday, while Gibbs limped off after 78 minutes of that match with a calf strain.
Both Gibbs and Wilshere will undergo a further assessment on Tuesday morning before the squad travel to Dortmund but manager Arsène Wenger is not minded to take any risks with two players whose progress has often been stalled by injury.
The one positive for Wilshere is that his current injury is not affecting his right ankle, which was the original problem that sidelined him for 17 months from June 2011. Wenger has also been encouraged by Walcott's progress following a setback from abdominal surgery and the forward will step up his training this week in the hope of making the squad against United.
Although Wilshere would struggle to command an automatic place in Arsenal's starting team on current form, his absence leaves Wenger short of midfield options.
Walcott, Mathieu Flamini, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Lukas Podolski are all out, leaving Wenger unable to rotate his key players. The fixtures against Dortmund and United at Old Trafford follow the two matches played against Liverpool and Chelsea in the space of five days.
Aaraon Ramsey and Mikel Arteta are likely to start in central midfield on Wednesday with Tomas Rosicky, Mesut Özil and Santi Cazorla in the more attacking midfield roles behind Olivier Giroud.
The absence of Gibbs presents less of a problem for Wenger, with Thomas Vermaelen or Nacho Monreal both competing to start in what has been a generally settled back four alongside Bacary Sagna, Laurent Koscielny and Per Mertesacker.
Arsenal are tied on six points at the top of Champions League Group H with Napoli and Dortmund. Should they lose on Wednesday against last season's Champions League finalists, they are likely to need a positive result away to Napoli to progress to the knockout phase.
In Arsenal's favour is their exceptional away record of 13 wins and one draw since beating Bayern Munich at the Allianz Arena in March.
QPR snatched a stunning win over Chelsea at Stamford Bridge through a late Shaun Wright-Phillips strike.
The Premier League's bottom side shocked their in-form hosts when Wright-Phillips smashed home from the edge of the area after a corner.
Chelsea, chasing a fifth straight win, dominated throughout but could not break down QPR's packed defence.
Frank Lampard had a goal ruled out for offside and the Blues' best effort saw Julio Cesar deny Fernando Torres.
This was a far from vintage attacking display from Rafael Benitez's side, who put eight past Aston Villa in their last game on home turf.
QPR end long wait for derby win on the road QPR's victory was their first in a Premier League London derby away from home since Les Ferdinand scored twice in a 3-1 win over Wimbledon in March 1995, with Ian Holloway getting Rangers' other goal that day. It was also their first top-flight win at Stamford Bridge since March 1979, when Paul Goddard, Glenn Roeder and Martyn Busby scored in another 3-1 win. Both Rangers and Chelsea were relegated from the old First Division that season.
But what was looking like being a frustrating evening for the Blues turned into a disastrous one at the hands of one of their former players when Wright-Phillips delivered his sucker-punch, 12 minutes from time.
The former England winger did not sparkle on too many occasions in four years at Chelsea from 2005 to 2008, following his £21m move from Manchester City, and he has struggled to make too much of an impression with Rangers either.
Wright-Phillips' popularity around Loftus Road will soar after this goal, however. It came after he had been brought off the bench early on to replace the injured Junior Hoilett, and could prove invaluable to Harry Redknapp's side and their bid to stay up.
Things never looked straightforward for Chelsea, who may rue their decision to begin with Juan Mata and Eden Hazard on the bench after a defeat that deals a severe blow to their title hopes.
The Blues were lucky to keep 11 men on the pitch when Marko Marin marked his first league start by clattering into QPR midfielder Stephane Mbia with a wild lunge after just four minutes.
Media playback is not supported on this device Win over Chelsea buoys Redknapp
Fortunately for Marin, and for Chelsea, referee Lee Mason elected only to book the German international.
But things did not improve much for the home side, who rarely looked like breaking down a determined QPR backline in the first half.
Torres, who might soon face competition from Newcastle striker Demba Ba for his starting place, was starved of service as the visitors defended deep and in numbers.
Instead it was left to his team-mates to shoot from distance, and nothing summed up Chelsea's lethargic opening better than two horribly wayward efforts from defender Branislav Ivanovic.
QPR did not offer much at the other end but, with Adel Taarabt operating as their furthest man forward in a 4-5-1 formation, that was never their intention.
Instead they looked to soak up the home side's pressure, a tactic that worked so well that Cesar's first save came just before the break, when he stopped Oscar's deflected shot with an outstretched leg before Victor Moses fired over from the rebound.
Media playback is not supported on this device Chelsea can do better - Benitez
Rangers had kept only one clean sheet in their last 26 top flight away games - and surrendered meekly against Liverpool three days ago - but they continued to keep Chelsea at bay in the second half.
Moses should have done better from a low Marin cross and Ivanovic headed over before Cesar kept out a Torres snap-shot after David Luiz's shot had been blocked.
Lampard thought he had drawn level with Kerry Dixon as Chelsea's second highest scorer when he did find the net from a corner, but his celebrations of what would have been his 193rd goal for the club were cut short by the linesman's flag.
By now, QPR had created a few half-chances too, but Wright-Phillips' goal still provided a twist in the tale that few had seen coming.
Taarabt teed him up on the edge of the area and he drilled a low strike past Ross Turnbull and into the bottom corner of the net.
QPR stay bottom, five points adrift of safety, but after three straight defeats, this win will give them renewed hope that survival is not beyond them.
Chelsea interim manager Rafael Benitez on his side's defeat, and his decision to rest several players:
"We were tired and weren't precise. We made a mistake and gave them their chance.
"I don't regret the changes because we can't carry on with the same players in every game.
"If you're playing a team at the bottom of the table at home, you have to trust your players and I trust them."
QPR boss Harry Redknapp on his players' performance:
"They worked their socks off and they got their rewards, we deserved it and it was a fantastic performance.
"They have set the standard tonight and to get out of this mess they have to do it every week."
I thought I should make my views on Alisher Usmanov quite plain to you. You are unlikely to see much plain talking on Usmanov elsewhere in the media becuase he has already used his billions and his lawyers in a pre-emptive strike. They have written to all major UK newspapers, including the latter:
Mr Usmanov was imprisoned for various offences under the old Soviet regime. We wish to make it clear our client did not commit any of the offences with which he was charged. He was fully pardoned after President Mikhail Gorbachev took office. All references to these matters have now been expunged from police records . . . Mr Usmanov does not have any criminal record.
Let me make it quite clear that Alisher Usmanov is a criminal. He was in no sense a political prisoner, but a gangster and racketeer who rightly did six years in jail. The lawyers cunningly evoke “Gorbachev”, a name respected in the West, to make us think that justice prevailed. That is completely untrue.
Usmanov's pardon was nothing to do with Gorbachev. It was achieved through the growing autonomy of another thug, President Karimov, at first President of the Uzbek Soviet Socilist Republic and from 1991 President of Uzbekistan. Karimov ordered the “Pardon” because of his alliance with Usmanov's mentor, Uzbek mafia boss and major international heroin overlord Gafur Rakimov. Far from being on Gorbachev's side, Karimov was one of the Politburo hardliners who had Gorbachev arrested in the attempted coup that was thwarted by Yeltsin standing on the tanks outside the White House.
Usmanov is just a criminal whose gangster connections with one of the World's most corrupt regimes got him out of jail. He then plunged into the “privatisation” process at a time when gangster muscle was used to secure physical control of assets, and the alliance between the Russian Mafia and Russian security services was being formed.
Usmanov has two key alliances. he is very close indeed to President Karimov, and especially to his daughter Gulnara. It was Usmanov who engineered the 2005 diplomatic reversal in which the United States was kicked out of its airbase in Uzbekistan and Gazprom took over the country's natural gas assets. Usmanov, as chairman of Gazprom Investholdings paid a bribe of $88 million to Gulnara Karimova to secure this. This is set out on page 366 of Murder in Samarkand.
Alisher Usmanov had risen to chair of Gazprom Investholdings because of his close personal friendship with Putin, He had accessed Putin through Putin's long time secretary and now chef de cabinet, Piotr Jastrzebski. Usmanov and Jastrzebski were roommates at college. Gazprominvestholdings is the group that handles Gazproms interests outside Russia, Usmanov's role is, in effect, to handle Gazprom's bribery and sleaze on the international arena, and the use of gas supply cuts as a threat to uncooperative satellite states.
Gazprom has also been the tool which Putin has used to attack internal democracy and close down the independent media in Russia. Gazprom has bought out – with the owners having no choice – the only independent national TV station and numerous rgional TV stations, several radio stations and two formerly independent national newspapers. These have been changed into slavish adulation of Putin. Usmanov helped accomplish this through Gazprom. The major financial newspaper, Kommersant, he bought personally. He immediately replaced the editor-in-chief with a pro-Putin hack, and three months later the long-serving campaigning defence correspondent, Ivan Safronov, mysteriously fell to his death from a window.
All this, both on Gazprom and the journalist's death, is set out in great detail here:
http://www.craigmurray.org.uk/archives/2007/06/russian_journal.html
Usmanov is also dogged by the widespread belief in Uzbekistan that he was guilty of a particularly atrocious rape, which was covered up and the victim and others in the know disappeared. The sad thing is that this is not particularly remarkable. Rape by the powerful is an everyday hazard in Uzbekistan, again as outlined in Murder in Samarkand page 120. If anyone has more detail on the specific case involving Usmanov please add a comment.
I reported back in 2002 or 2003 in an Ambassadorial top secret telegram to the Foreign Office that Usmanov was the most likely favoured successor of President Karimov as totalitarian leader of Uzbekistan. I also outlined the Gazprom deal (before it happened) and the present by Usmanov to Putin (though in Jastrzebski's name) of half of Mapobank, a Russian commercial bank owned by Usmanov. I will never forget the priceless reply from our Embassy in Moscow. They said that they had never even heard of Alisher Usmanov, and that Jastrzebski was a jolly nice friend of the Ambassador who would never do anything crooked.
Sadly, I expect the football authorities will be as purblind. Football now is about nothing but money, and even Arsenal supporters – as tight-knit and homespun a football community as any – can be heard saying they don't care where the money comes from as long as they can compete with Chelsea.
I fear that is very wrong. Letting as diseased a figure as Alisher Usmanov into your club can only do harm in the long term.
To read more from EW's Year End Issue, pick up the new issue of Entertainment Weekly on stands Friday, or buy it here now. Don't forget to subscribe for more exclusive interviews and photos, only in EW.
Greta Gerwig pauses to consider how to describe what directing feels like. “It's like you're running a marathon and people jump in to run a few miles with you, and then they leave and you're running alone before someone else comes in,” she says. “But the person who has to push it forward at every step is you.” She shakes her head and laughs. “I say this, by the way, as someone who has run one marathon.” It's not such a surprise to discover that Gerwig — previously not a runner — finished that one New York City Marathon with an impressive time of 4:36. Her solo directorial debut, Lady Bird, has been enchanting fall festival audiences and reducing jaded film writers to weepy puddles searching for the right superlatives to describe it.
Here goes our attempt: This vivid, funny, and poignant coming-of-age tale stars Saoirse Ronan as the titular teen, who is aching to break out of her sedate Sacramento suburbia and away from her parents (Laurie Metcalf and Tracy Letts) for something bigger and better — though what that is exactly, she's not sure. Gerwig's screenplay is sharp and witty, and Ronan, Metcalf, and Letts, as well as young superstars-in-the-making Beanie Feldstein, Timothée Chalamet, and Lucas Hedges, give precise, lived-in performances that deliver one authentic moment after another. It's not just audiences who are swooning over Gerwig. “Greta is fantastic. There was never a sense that she was a first-time director,” says Letts, the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright. Metcalf — who's generating Oscar buzz as Lady Bird's prickly, disapproving mother — was surprised by just how assured Gerwig was behind the camera. “I would have thought, if I'd just walked on the set, that she'd been doing this for years and years,” Metcalf says. “The vibe she set was supportive and collaborative and calm and easy and funny and stress-free. I can't think of an easier time that I've had working in film.”
Gerwig, 34, first made a name for herself a decade ago with Hannah Takes the Stairs, the mumblecore trailblazer she starred in and co-wrote. Since then she's carved out a place as the slightly screwball heroine in films such as Greenberg, 20th Century Women, Frances Ha, and Mistress America, the last two of which she penned with her longtime partner, the writer and director Noah Baumbach. But she's had directing aspirations since the age of 5. “I was always trying to direct musicals in kindergarten; I wanted everyone to do my production of Starlight Express,” she says. “But I remember realizing that there was going to be a problem because the playground was gravel, and I couldn't figure out how to get the skates to work.”
RELATED: See all of EW's 2017 Entertainers of the Year
She co-directed Nights and Weekends with Joe Swanberg in 2008 but found the best education for her solo outing was the time spent acting. “I didn't go to film school. I really learned from watching people on sets,” she says. When she was readying Lady Bird, she called a bunch of directors she's worked with or met along the way — including Rebecca Miller, Mike Mills, Spike Jonze, Mia Hansen-Love, and Wes Anderson — and took notes. “I'd ask them all: ‘What do you wish you'd known?' Their answers were both general and specific. Like, ‘Everyone is replaceable if they are hurting the film.‘ And, ‘If for some reason you don't like a shot and you don't know why, just keep turning off lights.'” She laughs. “This works! First, because you usually have too many lights on. And next, it gives you time to think about why you don't like that frame. Rebecca told me something hugely helpful that Mike Nichols once told her: You only get to not know what you're doing once. He told her not to try to skip ahead to the next step because you'll never be so brave again — because you won't know what to be scared of.” Having Baumbach at home didn't hurt either: “It's nice because there are certain things that are just nerdy inside-baseball stuff — like, ‘Do you think this could cut to that? — that really only other directors know.”
Gerwig worked closely with her cinematographer, Sam Levy, who would send her a photo of a female director on set at the start of each workweek with an encouraging “Here's a picture for you, boss.” For the look of the film — “our watchwords were plain and luscious” — they drew inspiration from painters such as Wayne Thiebaud to capture the specific kind of California light she knew from her own Sacramento childhood. Lady Bird has been described as semiautobiographical, and “there's a core of emotional reality,” she says. “Nothing in the movie literally happened in my life, but it all rhymed with the truth.” Her parents, brother, and childhood best friend watched it together in Sacramento and called her in happy tears afterward. (“I'm nervous about my parents watching everything — but I'd say I was probably not as nervous as having them watch Ben Stiller go down on me in Greenberg.”)
Tears were shed while shooting, too. “It was the most weepy set I've ever encountered,” Gerwig says with a laugh. “I'd weep after takes. Mike Mills would cry [on the set of 20th Century Women], so I figure if he can, then I can. Part of your job is to be emotionally present for your actors.” Wardrobe-wise, too. “I did put on a prom dress to direct the prom scenes,” she says. “I know some directors like to run their sets based on fear, but I wanted to create an environment where people can come and talk to you and not try to hide or throw someone else under the bus. All the time spent in between the camera rolling is still going into the film somehow. It counts — it all counts. Every time I talk about writing and art it sounds so hippie-dippy. But the truth is, it is hippie-dippy. It's art!” She smiles. “If people love this movie, it's because of the love that went into it.”
Four students huddle around a table, brows furrowed, playing a co-operative First World War board game called The Grizzled. One plays the final card, and another lets out a triumphant shout. After 12 attempts, the students have finally beaten the game.
“We spent a whole week just trying to play it over and over again – we couldn't beat it,” said Grade 12 student Jacob Lycan. But the students' perseverance paid off.
Teachers Mark Biggar and Todd Goodman look on. The Grizzled has been an unexpected hit with their mixed-grade class at Thomas Haney Secondary School, as part of the teachers' attempts to use board games to engage students.
Games are part of a broader change happening across B.C. schools, thanks to the education ministry's recent curriculum reform. The changes added “core competencies,” focusing less on specific content that must be covered. As a result, teachers have more freedom to experiment with lesson structure, content and learning materials.
Teachers say board games play a multi-faceted role in the classroom. They serve as a springboard to explore different historical eras, improve students' critical thinking, and encourage thoughtful communication.
“I think [students] genuinely like the social experience of playing,” Goodman said.
That has proven true in Maple Ridge.
“I was thinking I would run one board game and I usually have about three running now, so that's been crazy fun,” said Biggar. “It's been successful in terms of kids engaging with it.”
Graphic: What are B.C.'s core competencies?
The teachers are studying for their Masters in Educational Leadership at Simon Fraser University, looking at how games make students think about thinking.
“[We're] trying to force the kids to reflect on their experience and make connections between … some of the learning they've already done and the mechanics that occurred during the game,” Biggar said.
Curriculum changes give teachers more freedom
Because of the ministry's new policy, there is more opportunity for educators to try out unconventional materials like mass-market board games so long as teachers can justify their choices as being educational.
The curriculum changes have come into effect for students up to Grade 9. Later grades will follow in the next two years.
“The new curriculum is really about allowing teachers the creative licence to find ways to interest and work with the kids,” said Grant Frend, Haney's principal.
Creative teaching choices fall under “personalized learning,” a cause that the B. C. Teachers' Federation has championed since 1968. The BCTF was key to shaping the new changes, but warn that a teacher shortage could hamper successful implementation.
However, many B.C. educators are excited about the changes. Cynthia Hornbeck, a former employee of Fantasy Flight Games and currently completing her bachelor of education at UBC, is one.
“The new curriculum is focused on competencies, on what students can do rather than just what they know,” she said. “Board games are a fantastic tool for teaching those core competencies of social responsibility, communication, and creative thinking.”
Another teacher enjoying the changes is Aaron Cassidy, a West Kelowna teacher-librarian and host of Boards Alive podcast. He said the new curriculum gave educators more flexibility in their classes and allowed for increasingly varied instruction methods.
Board games are big business
The curriculum changes give teachers the chance to bring their passion into the classroom – and board games' popularity is booming.
“It's a good coincidence of timing, both politically with curriculum changes, and in the availability and quality of games,” said Biggar. He appreciates the wealth of titles to choose from when building up his historical gaming collection. “It's like a golden age.”
According to gaming trade publication ICv2, the hobby-games market in the U.S. and Canada was worth US$305 million (C$389 million) in 2016, a 22-per-cent increase from 2015.
Paul Dean, Vancouver-based games writer and co-founder of the prolific board games site Shut Up & Sit Down, attributes the popularity of games to their social aspect and immersive nature.
“When you participate in something, even if it's something at a very basic level, there's a little bit of empathy that goes along with it,” he said. “If you take on the role of a character or a company … that in itself gives you a different perspective on history rather than just reading a book.”
Rolling the dice on kids' learning
But not everyone is convinced by the teachers' new ideas. Aaron Cassidy, as a teacher-librarian, facilitates other educators' classes. He initially had problems persuading teachers to let him introduce games to the classroom.
“It's hard to convince people to do it. It was harder for me to get teachers to buy in,” he said.
However, principal Grant Frend was overwhelmingly supportive of the initiative. He had worked with teachers Biggar and Goodman on other projects and was happy for them to introduce board games as part of a structured learning experience.
“I know them well enough to trust them. When they ask for stuff, I just need to figure out how to fund it,” Frend said.
For Ethan Moon, a Grade 9 student in Biggar and Goodman's class, board games have made him more invested in history.
“If you were to teach [some students] regularly, they might not like it very much,” he said. “But if they're engaged in something that they enjoy but it's learning, it's better.”
Moon paused before delivering his final verdict.
“It's learning but it's fun.”
OUR LATEST VIDEOS OUR LATEST VIDEOS
Later this month will see the start of the Nordic University eSports Championships, a new League of Legends tournament for emerging gaming talent amongst Nordic students.
The championship is being hosted by Challengermode, a competitive eSports gaming platform, and HP. The championship features a 50,000 SEK (€5000) prize pool, which will be split among the top 3 winning Nordic teams. In total, 32 Nordic University teams have entered the competition, with 8 teams qualifying for the final tournament at the end of this month. This final game will be held at Jönköping University in Jönköping, Sweden and will be livestreamed via the Challengermode Twitch channel, as with previous Challengermode League of Legends tournaments:
I spoke with Challengermode's Philip Skogsberg, co-founder/CMO, about the current professional gaming community in Nordic countries, and why Challengermode has teamed up with HP for the tournament: “The Nordics (especially Sweden) [have] been early to adopt esports and competitive gaming,” Skogsberg said, “I read somewhere that Sweden has the highest number of Counter-Strike players as a percentage of the total population, something like 3% of Sweden's population of 9+ million. Pretty cool for such a small country. The pro scene is already quite mature in the Nordics and there are several pro teams from a relatively small population competing at a high level. But I think it's the more organized amateur esports that [are] still lacking here. This is also one of the reasons we at Challengermode are doing what we are doing.”
Along with this desire to nurture “organised amateur eSports” teams and competitions, there seems to be a desire to compete with the eSports communities and competitions that exist in America, as Skogsberg explained to me: “In the US, college/university and even high school sports [are] very common. College teams which play American football and Basketball reach a very high standard. In Scandinavia, such a strong culture never evolved around spectator sports in academia or schools. This is fundamentally what we want to help facilitate in the Nordics.”
However, whilst the championships feature a hefty prize pool which will attract emerging pro talent, Skogsberg explained that Challengermode is also focusing on games which won't bleed their players dry: “Whilst we do think this will help in nurturing pro talent, it's also important that we are able to provide an outlet for the large number of competitive gamers who take their gaming seriously but don't necessarily want to dedicate their youth to becoming a pro player in esports.” This, I think, is a good approach for Challengermode to take, considering the “burnout” that many young professional gamers face so early on in their careers, where they are pushed too hard and end up loathing a game which was once a fun hobby for them and their friends.
Finally, I asked Skogsberg about the enduring legacy of eSports, and how he feels about the community being regarded negatively by non-gamers: “When you talk to young folks and millennials, even those who aren't gamers, they understand the draw of eSports and don't have any qualms about accepting it as a “real sport”,” he said, referring to the general ages of the competing University students, “It's the older generation(s) who still (although to a lesser extent) have a problem with accepting [professional gaming] as a sport. I think it's mostly due to the seemingly non-physical nature of computer or video gaming. But as with much else, it's just a matter of time until there's no question to anyone that it's as much a sport as anything else. You can argue over semantics and definitions, but when people are competing, and others are watching it with so much engagement – it must be some kind of sport.”
More information on the tournament can be found here and you can find Challengermode on Twitter @challengermode. They are also on Twitch, where the final game will be streamed.
Quote ImmortalLowlife Quote: Originally Posted by I like his hat, but it wouldn't be the "reason" I sub.
Nico was a decent companion but over all why care when I have 22 others. His coat was a POS addition when I could already get it in game in about 3-4 different ways. The mount was Decent and the early access was pretty nice.
It was kinda the whole bundle of things. moving forward, It will have to be a bundle of things to get my pre-order. Not just one thing especially a cosmetic feature after the travesty nicos coat was. Same here.Nico was a decent companion but over all why care when I have 22 others. His coat was a POS addition when I could already get it in game in about 3-4 different ways. The mount was Decent and the early access was pretty nice.It was kinda the whole bundle of things. moving forward, It will have to be a bundle of things to get my pre-order. Not just one thing especially a cosmetic feature after the travesty nicos coat was. Current subscriber: Refer code: http://www.swtor.com/r/t4QfLH
What you get: http://www.swtor.com/info/friends
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This weekend, the country's ice hockey fans will celebrate the playing career of one of Britain's truly great sportsmen.
He might not be the most common household name, but Tony Hand MBE has written his legacy on British sport - by being one of the nation's stalwarts at a foreign game.
Ice hockey legend Hand, the first Briton ever to be drafted into the NHL, is set to call time on his monumental 34-year career in the senior game.
And it says something about Hand's mentality that he is still grafting away at the age of 47.
But after years of deciding when the time to hang up the skates will be, Hand is finally bowing out of the sport, as his Manchester Phoenix embark on their final league games of the season this weekend.
Hand said: "When you get to an age, you know when it is time.
(Image: Richard Amor Allan)
"Eventually you have to call time on it though, because you don't want to look silly out there, or have people say 'what is he doing playing'
"When you are a professional, you just get a feeling about when it is time."
Hand started his ice hockey career with the Murrayfield Racers, having played for their junior team, the Raiders, and working at the local rink.
His early career was spurred on by the fact his older brother, Paul, was also an ice hockey player.
But Hand's pedigree was picked up early by the Racers, as they gave him his senior debut for a game against the Fife Flyers in September 1981 - all because of a player shortage.
And he did not let up, finishing the season having featured in 19 games, despite his tender age.
(Image: Richard Amor Allan)
He went on to have a glittering career in England, featuring for the Sheffield Steelers, Dundee Stars, Edinburgh Capitals and Belfast Giants in between his stint in the States.
Such is Hand's legacy now, ice hockey fans of the Flyers, the team who he made his debut against, decided to travel all the way down to Manchester last week - a nearly 500-mile round-trip - just to take their children to see him in action before his retirement.
"It is a really nice gesture," said Hand. "It is very humbling to have that kind of support.
"I have never been one to look for acknowledgement, but to have that acknowledgement is really nice.
"All I wanted to do was to play ice hockey and now I will continue to coach."
Hand will now further turn his attention to the role which he has enjoyed much success with - as head coach of Manchester Phoenix ice hockey club.
(Image: Richard Amor Allan)
He has been player-coach of Manchester Phoenix since the start of the 2006/07 season and has won the Altrincham-based club English Premier League titles on two different occasions, among other successes.
All of that success coming while he was still ruling the roost on the ice, picking out pinpoint passes for his team-mates.
But after toying with the decision at the start of the season, Hand realised that it would be for the best of the team if he was to take on his role off the ice, giving him more impetus to work with the younger stars.
"Myself and Neil Morris [Manchester Phoenix owner] talked about it at the start of the year and it has come to fruition as the season has gone on.
"I'm not stupid. It will be for the good of the team that I have my concentration on coaching and bringing through some new blood at the club."
(Image: Richard Amor Allan)
Humble Hand does not pick out one particular moment as the finest of his career.
Despite holding numerous British record, becoming the first British-raised player to be drafted by the Edmonton Oilers in 1986 and taking charge of the British national team, he finds it hard to pick out on unique moment.
He admitted: "There is not really one thing. Anything that happens for the first time is nice."
So, Hand's incredible ice hockey career has come down to two final league games, both at home at the Altrincham ice rink. He will line up for Phoenix against the Bracknell Bees on Saturday night, before making his final bow against the Swindon wildcats on Sunday evening.
But Phoenix could still mark the end of his playing career with a trophy. They will compete in the play-offs at the end of March - and there would be no better way to cap the career of Britain's most illustrious ice hockey player.
One of the great joys of owning your own home is improving upon it. Whether you're painting, building a deck, remodeling your kitchen, or any host of projects – home improvement feels empowering. It's your home, and you can make it into whatever you want it to be! But it can also be a little scary. Data about the cost of home improvement projects is not easily available. When you have to hire help, how will you know that you're getting the best deal?
In this infographic, we'll give you the highest highs, the lowest lows, and national average costs of every home project you could think of. If you want more information, check out our True Cost Report too!
Want to add this infographic to your site? Click Here
Add this infographic to your site:
Click the text below. Copy the selected text. Paste the code on your website.
The True Cost of Home Improvement – An infographic by HomeAdvisor
Friday, May 17th 2013 / Gaming
Day Six With The Oculus Rift - Half-Life 2
Yesterday I didn't have much time to play with the Rift but I did manage to play a little Half-Life 2. Since I've already covered Half-Life 2 in my configuration efforts in previous days I think I'll just show some pretty cool parts from the start of the game which look particularly good when wearing the Rift.To start with, my Wife had a little go wearing the Rift while I was playing the game (looking at the monitor). She said this shot from within the vents was particularly cool. The detail on the broken venting looked like she could touch it.Next up, there might not look like there's anything special about this screenshot but with the Rift on it felt so much more atmospheric. Half-Life 2 on release had some of the most complex levels ever seen and some of these simple architectural details really add depth to the scene and make you feel like you're in a real environment, not just some bog standard FPS map.Next came a ladder! While this looks perfectly normal on the monitor it looks really trippy with the Rift on since it's warp shader (and the curve of the lens in the Rift) make it appear as if it bends over your head. Always makes me feel funny when looking up ladders and climbing them.I then met a Vortigaunt and a Human Rebel, as with previous encounters with the characters in Half-Life 2 I couldn't help but walk up close to these guys and check them out from every angle. Very cool!Just round the corner is a small fire, nothing special, but this did look pretty cool with the Rift on:Enclosed spaces provide the most intense experiences with the Rift, when you're up close to objects you see more detail. The wide open areas can look cool but it's up close when you get that proper 3D depth and detail. Running in to this tunnel to be confronted by a combine guard was one of the coolest looking parts of this play session.As with the previous mention of Architecture, Half-Life 2 did a good job of making you feel as though you were running around a desolate city and the buildings around you do a good job of setting the scale of things (especially the Citadel which is almost always in view).Next came a few firefights, aiming and shooting as mentioned before is very easy with the Rift on in Half-Life 2. I had no trouble aiming accurately and taking out each of the combine soldiers with a double tap kill-shot to the head. Then I had to swim through some water while they were shooting at me. Watching the bullets shoot through the water past your face is pretty cool! The water and environments just look cool by themselves with the Rift on too.I did start to feel a bit of eye strain coming on so I quit here and will play some more Half-Life 2 tomorrow. Later today I plan to check out the VR forums and download a few of the smaller demos for today's Oculus Rift update.
Did you see it? Did you see Mike Grella's game-winning goal against Columbus?
Yes, that Mike Grella: the occasionally magnificently bearded journeyman who had played for eight clubs since 2009 and fetched up at the New York Bulls because he needed a ninth and RBNY needed a replacement for Thierry Henry.
Except, of course, RBNY doesn't need a replacement for Thierry Henry. The Henry era was about making the best of having one of the best-ever players of the game. The post-Henry era is about making the best of having the players who are on the roster right now. Players like Mike Grella: who has been deployed in the captain's 2014 position - the left side of the "3" in a 4-2-3-1 - more often than not.
Coach Jesse Marsch says the team is the star. This is a prudent approach when your club just replaced an all-time great of the game with...well...no one currently looking likely to be considered an all-time great of the game.
And, so far, it is working. Bradley Wright-Phillips has become a smooth-passing set-up man, Lloyd Sam is the team's most potent threat to score. Felipe Martins appears to play wherever the hell he feels like playing. The team has yet to lose, and this week, Mike Grella subbed in to the game to bring the sort of match-winning magic RBNY used to associate with #14.
The Red Bulls have only played three games to date, and they've yet to reach a level one might convincingly describe as "dominating" or "confident", but there was an eerily familiar touch of the former captain's magic in BWP's goal last week. And this week, Grella's deft chip from distance also brought memories of the man who illuminated RBNY's last four seasons (yes, he also played half of 2010, but he was a little rusty then).
But wait...Once A Metro's Ghost Hunting department, Lester Townsend and Rob Usry, have a hunch that there might be more to Grella's goal than simply a good player producing a very good goal.
The experience of watching BWP score 31 goals in 37 appearances was educational for RBNY fans. We thought that was a good player doing very good things, but the whip-smart soccer watchers who we trust to explain the game to us advised it was down to the "Henry Effect".
OaM's ghost hunters have reviewed the tape of Grella's goal. They know, as surely as it was obvious that BWP couldn't lead MLS in scoring in 2014 without Thierry Henry, that there's no way Mike Grella could magic up a shot like the one he landed in the Crew's net in Columbus without help from a higher power. Or, at least, the spectral intervention of a world-class player.
And they have the evidence:
Henry's Ghost, readers. He's still with us. And he's helping RBNY win in the manner to which he made its fans accustomed.
For other uses, see Future Sight (disambiguation).
Future Sight is the third expansion in the Time Spiral block and forty-second Magic: The Gathering expansion. It was released on May 4, 2007, and contains 180 cards, as was customary at the time of its release for small sets, of which 81 cards are "futureshifted".[2] The prerelease events for this set were held on April 21–22, 2007.[3][4]
Set details [ edit | edit source ]
Future Sight contains 180 all new black-bordered cards (60 rare, 60 uncommon, and 60 commons), including 81 futureshifted cards (27 of each rarity - not including mythic rare, which didn't exist at the time). The theme of this expansion is "the future"; to fit the theme of of the block ("time"). Future Sight introduced a new card type: Tribal. The set also was to include one or more Planeswalker cards, but the design was not ready on time, so they were put off until the Lorwyn expansion.[5] The expansion symbol of the set is an eye, maybe looking through a rift.[6]
See also Future Sight/Trivia.
The set features 81 timeshifted “pre-prints”, i.e. cards that have not been printed before but may appear in a future set, also known as futureshifted. Each of the cards features some quality that has never appeared in the game before, such as a new keyword ability (Fleshwrither), the application of a new keyword for an old ability (Thornweald Archer), or even referencing cards and card types that do not exist yet (Goldmeadow Lookout, Steamflogger Boss[7]). Each of these unique aspects appear on only a small number of cards, indicating that they may be more properly explored in later sets.[8]
Additionally, most of the cards in some way reference unexplored planes, hinting at potential themes and locations for upcoming sets.[9] The cards also feature a new “futuristic” card frame to hint at potential changes to the layout of Magic cards and to denote which cards are actually timeshifted. However, it has been confirmed that the Future Sight frame will not become the norm for subsequent sets. The new card frame sports specific type icons for different card types (which were later included in Magic Online as card-filtering buttons, although they have not reappeared in the actual game, except for the land symbol, which has been reused in Ixalan). If the card has a single card type, this icon indicates what it is: claw marks for creature, a flame for sorcery, a lightning bolt for instant, a sunrise for enchantment, a chalice for artifact, and a pair of mountain peaks for land. If the card has multiple card types, that's indicated by a black and white cross.[10] This icon has no effect on game play. As with Planar Chaos, the cards have the standard colored rarity symbols.
Future Sight was sold in 15-card boosters, four preconstructed theme decks [11] and a fat pack. The decks and the fat pack contained a Pro Tour Players Card. The booster packs featured artwork from Korlash, Heir to Blackblade, Tarox Bladewing and Akroma's Memorial.[12] The prerelease card was the foil alternate art Korlash, Heir to Blackblade.[13] The release card was Storm Entity. The set was accompanied by the novel of the same name, written by Scott McGough.
The boosters contain regular numbers for rarities — that is, one rare, three uncommons, and eleven commons — but varying numbers of futureshifted cards, "somewhere between five to ten, literally".[2][14]
Flavor and Storyline [ edit | edit source ]
The quest to mend Dominaria's temporal and planar damage continues.[15] A temporal rift connected to an alternate Dominaria has enabled Phyrexian horrors to cross over into the present day. Freyalise is gone, having given her planeswalker's spark and her life to close that rift, thereby protecting her sanctum of Skyshroud one last time.
But time fractures still plague Dominaria. The damage to the planar fabric at Tolaria was so severe that it couldn't be healed — not in the present day. The heroes seek out the planeswalker Karn, the only being ever to travel through time. To heal Tolaria's rift, Karn uses the full extent of his planeswalking power to enter the rift and return to the past, to the moment before the archwizard Barrin cast a spell that obliterated countless Phyrexians and himself. Karn succeeds and seals the planar rift before Barrin's actions can rip it open. In the next moment, Karn is lost.
Even as Venser begins to realize his full potential,[16] the planeswalker Jeska returns to Dominaria for the first time since Karona fell. Her friend and ally Karn is gone, and someone will pay. An ancient, evil intelligence drives Jeska's wrath and threatens to undermine Teferi and Jhoira's efforts to complete Dominaria's healing: Leshrac has returned.
Bloodthirst, convoke, cycling, dredge, graft, hellbent, scry,[17] and transmute are all reused mechanics from previous sets.
Lifelink, reach, and shroud were newly-keyworded abilities. They had previously been in the game, but fully spelled out on cards.
Future Sight introduced the following new mechanics:[18]
Future Sight has 12 cycles and a vertical cycle:
Vertical cycle [ edit | edit source ]
Morph: Morph being used on each of the other permanent types, besides a creature — (in order of rarity) Lumithread Field, Zoetic Cavern and Whetwheel.
Functional reprints [ edit | edit source ]
Future Sight has one functional reprint and one card that is nearly so:
Notable cards [ edit | edit source ]
Theme decks [ edit | edit source ]
The preconstructed theme decks are:[32]
ASSOCIATED PRESS Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio) testifies during a January Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on attacking America's epidemic of heroin and prescription drug abuse. Republicans voted Wednesday against emergency funding to combat the widespread issue.
WASHINGTON -- Senate Republicans on Wednesday blocked $600 million in emergency funding intended to improve the monitoring of prescription drugs and help law enforcement combat heroin abuse.
In a 48-47 procedural vote, Republicans prevented the amendment from being attached to a larger bill aimed at fighting the heroin and opioid epidemic sweeping the U.S. The legislation, called the Comprehensive Addiction Recovery Act, would establish an interagency task force to create best practices for prescribing opioids, and shift federal officials toward prevention-driven drug policy and away from punishment.
The emergency funding provision would have allocated $230 million to law enforcement initiatives, including treatment alternatives to incarceration. Another $10 million would have gone to state and local law enforcement units that oversee communities with high levels of drug use.
Drug reform groups were not pleased with the hundreds of millions of dollars in the measure that would have gone toward enforcement. "CARA is clearly a step in the right direction, while the Democratic alternative looks like something out of the 1980s," said Bill Piper, a top official with the reformist group Drug Policy Alliance, which is typically more sympathetic to Democratic approaches.
The amendment, authored by Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.), also set aside $300 million for state programs focused on prevention, treatment and recovery, and for improving treatment for pregnant and postpartum women dealing with heroin or opioid addiction. The remaining funds would have helped the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in its drug monitoring programs, and increased medication-assisted treatment in high-risk communities.
While the underlying bill is bipartisan and the product of three years of work between senators in both parties, Shaheen's measure was seen as the one “controversial” amendment.
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) called it “duplicative.”
Republicans argued that millions of dollars were already appropriated to tackle heroin and opioid addiction in the omnibus spending bill passed in December. But Democrats wanted emergency funds to help communities grappling with the problem.
Republican Sens. Rob Portman (Ohio), Mark Kirk (Ill.), Lindsey Graham (S.C.), Susan Collins (Maine) and Kelly Ayotte (N.H.) voted with Democrats in favor of the measure.
Buy Photo Leon County Sheriff's deputies are investigating the death of a man found with gunshot wounds at Miller's Landing as a suicide. (Photo: Joe Rondone/Democrat)Buy Photo
Leon County Sheriff's deputies are investigating the death of a man found with gunshot wounds at Miller's Landing.
The body was found Tuesday near a vehicle at the boat ramp on the north side of Lake Jackson. The man's death is being investigated as a suicide, said LCSO spokesman Lt. Grady Jordan.
Jordan said the preliminary investigation did not indicate the man was killed in a homicide. His name is not yet being released until next of kin is notified.
Contact Karl Etters at ketters@tallahassee.com
In other news:
► Anonymous photos prompt Pons investigation​
► Ice skating returns at Centre of Tallahassee
Read or Share this story: http://on.tdo.com/2fWGX7R
has shelled out more money to bring content to its Watch video platform. Rooster Teeth is bringing a special edition of comedic party-game series “Million Dollars, But…” and a new DIY prop-making show, “Master & Apprentice,” which is currently in production, to the social platform under a first-run deal.
All new episodes of the two shows — both funded by — will premiere on Facebook's Watch. After 10 days the special run of “Million Dollars, But…: Theme Pack” episodes will be available for free on RoosterTeeth.com, and then seven days after that they'll go up on Rooster Teeth's YouTube channel. “Master & Apprentice,” meanwhile, will be available on Facebook for a seven-day window before moving to Rooster Teeth's website and then its YouTube channel.
Rooster Teeth's Facebook pages collectively have more than 4 million fans, including its main page with 1 million followers. “We're excited to be testing out Watch with these shows, including one we know our fans love and another we our fans have been asking us for a while,” said Evan Bregman, Rooster Teeth's director of programming.
Facebook, in hopes of attracting longer-form TV-style content (and TV-style advertising), has funded a limited number of shows. Those include just-launched unscripted series “Bill Murray and Brian Doyle-Murray's Extra Innings”; reality series “Ball in the Family,” following the family of NBA star Lonzo Ball; and drama series “Five Points” with “Scandal” star Kerry Washington on board as executive producer.
For Facebook, Rooster Teeth created the “Million Dollars, But…: Theme Pack” series (pictured above). Each of the five episodes is based on a different theme, including video games, fantasy and death. The first episode of the series is available to watch now at facebook.com/MDBTheShow. “Million Dollars, Butt…” keys off the question of what someone would be willing to do for a million bucks. In the series, three participants debate whether they'd agree to perform absurd acts for a cool million, and the discussions are then reenacted in cinematic scenes. Show regulars include Rooster Teeth's Burnie Burns, Gavin Free and Barbara Dunkelman.
The forthcoming “Master and Apprentice” follows Marcus LaPorte, a production designer with 17 years of experience, and novice cosplay-maker Adam Ellis as they tackle making pop-culture props from scratch.
Compared with Facebook, Fullscreen Media-owned Rooster Teeth counts a much bigger audience on YouTube — where it has more than 38 million subscribers across channels. Rooster Teeth usually premieres originals on FIRST, its subscription VOD service, before making them available on free-to-view platforms. The company's biggest programming franchises are video-game parody series “Red vs. Blue” and anime series “RWBY.”
Every year in the NHL, there are a dark horse players that come out of nowhere to post very impressive offensive numbers. Last year, Ondrej Palat and Reilly Smith scored 59 and 51 points respectively. Both had put up some good numbers in juniors and the minor leagues, but that level of production was not predicted by anyone.
Predicting next year's unlikely breakout candidate is not easy, but I would bet that one of these guys will be the Palat/Smith of 2014-15. In order to be considered a dark horse, a player must not have scored more than 30 points in any NHL season, must not have played more than two seasons in the NHL (playing at least half a team's games), or been a top 25 draft picks. In fact, only one of the below players was even a first round pick.
Picking top draft picks to break out in the NHL is easy. Picking the right dark horse isn't. They are divided into two categories, the established (or semi-established) NHL players, and the deep sleepers with less than 40 total NHL games, which will be featured in a second article in the coming days.
The Semi-Established Dark Horses
Tyler Toffoli (LA Kings, drafted 47th overall 2010): At every level in Toffoli's career, he has been an elite point producer. He led the Greater Toronto Midget Minor Hockey League with 174 points at age 15, led the OHL in points with 108 in 2010-11, was second in the OHL in points in 2011-12, and has been a near point-per-game player in the AHL over the last two seasons.
However, he is just earning his chance to make the Kings full time. Dean Lombardi is known for being patient with his prospects, and it appears the Kings are about to reap the rewards. Toffoli has rounded out his game away from the puck in the AHL, and showed that he was ready for full-time duty in the 2013-34 NHL playoffs. A member of “That 70s Line”, Toffoli had 14 points in 26 playoff games, and helped his linemate Jeff Carter finish second in the playoffs in goals. A veteran of 72 NHL games, Toffoli has 34 career points. It would not be a surprise to see him best that total next season alone.
Sami Vatanen (Anaheim Ducks, drafted 106th overall in 2009): When Vatanen was 20 years old playing in Finland, he was second in the entire league in points by a defenseman, and led defensemen in points-per-game. Vatanen's offensive skills, vision, and skating abilities from the backend are unquestionable. However, the one question about his game translating to the NHL regarded his size.
In his rookie AHL season, Vatanen proved his size was no issue at all. He put up 45 points, the 5th among defensemen in the AHL. Last season, he scored 21 points in 48 games in the NHL for the Ducks, and with consistent power play minutes this season, he will exceed that total. Vatanen was equally impressive at the Olympics, where he added 5 assists in 6 games.
Patrick Maroon (Anaheim Ducks, drafted 161st overall in 2007): Originally drafted in 2007, Maroon just established himself as a regular NHL player this past season. He possesses great size at 6'3″, 229 lbs, and has soft hands for a man that large. He is especially dangerous right in front of the net where he uses his large frame to establish position, bang home rebounds, and put tip-ins past opposing netminders.
Maroon was a very established AHL scorer, where he had 278 points in 353 career games. Last year, his first year in the NHL, he had 29 points in 62 games. Combine his physical edge, size, and good hands, and you have a power forward in the making.
Charlie Coyle (Minnesota Wild, drafted 28th overall in 2010): Standing at 6'3″, 222 lbs, Charlie Coyle has the size and hands to be a very effective forward at the NHL level. Next year, it's a virtual lock that Coyle will be playing alongside two of Vanek, Parise, Koivu, or Granlund. He would make for the perfect complementary forward alongside those four. His size allows him to play the cycle game effectively and shield the puck from defenders.
Coyle managed 30 points over 70 regular season games last year, but stepped his game up in the playoffs where he scored 7 points in 13 games. Another year of maturing and an ideal setup in terms of linemates means Coyle is poised for a breakout season.
Boone Jenner (Columbus Blue Jackets, drafted 37th overall in 2011): Boone Jenner's is a coach's dream player. He brings every attribute that a coach could want, and has no weaknesses to his game. He has good size (6'2″, 208), is a strong two-way player, is a leader, plays with a physical edge (led rookie forwards in hits last year) and has good offensive instincts on top of it all. He is the perfect player to play alongside two offensively talented linemates, and do all the little things to make them better.
Jenner was another player who finished the regular season with a solid stat line (29 points in 72 games), but kicked things up a notch in the playoffs, where he had 5 points in 6 games and was one of the Blue Jackets' best players. Look for him to pick up where he left off next season.
Brandon Pirri (Florida Panthers, drafted 59th overall in 2010): For seemingly years now, Chicago Blackhawks fans have been clamoring for a 2nd line center to get Michal Handzus out of that role. In Brandon Pirri, they may have had the perfect one and gave him away for a 3rd and 5th round draft pick. Despite being an elite point producer in the AHL over the last 3 years, the 2012-13 AHL leading scorer was never given a true shot to prove himself on the Blackhawks. He played 35 games for the Blackhawks over parts of four seasons before being dealt to Florida.
Dale Tallon, current Panthers GM, was the one that drafted Pirri in the 2nd round in 2009, and knew he had acquired a hidden gem. Pirri finally got his chance in Florida and seized it, scoring 14 points in 21 games. With Aleksander Barkov, Nick Bjugstad, Pirri, Vincent Trocheck, and Drew Shore in the organization, the Panthers have some of the best young center depth in the NHL.
Nikita Kucherov (Tampa Bay Lightning, drafted 58th overall in 2011): Kucherov's rookie season in the AHL last year lasted just 17 games. It wasn't because of injury or a demotion, it was because he lit the league on fire and the Lightning had to recall him. In those 17 games, Kucherov potted 24 points and led the league in points when he was recalled.
A speedy winger with dazzling offensive talents, Kucherov put up a very respectable 18 points in 52 games with the Lightning upon being recalled. Kucherov's talents were never in question. However, questions arose in his draft year about his willingness to play a North American style, and also come to play to the NHL. That's why he lasted until the second round, despite scoring 21 points in 7 games in the U18 WJC.
PolitiFact's Faux Fact Checking
Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan were repeatedly accused by the media of making false claims during the Republican national convention. The reporters didn't just question the accuracy of certain statements as they might have done in years past. They flatly stated that the assertions were found to be false by the fact checkers. However, just because someone hangs out a shingle that says "fact checker," that doesn't mean they have a lock on the truth. Heck, it doesn't even prove that they are credible. This is particularly true in politics, where facts often mingle with opinions. Like initial reports about breaking stories, the findings of self-appointed fact checkers should be greeted with skepticism.
It's not terribly surprising that the mainstream media has pounced on the opportunity provided by the fact checkers. The media's credibility among the American public is at an all-time low. Most Americans perceive the media as terribly biased. No doubt, many media figures believe they can boost their credibility-or at least shield themselves from further charges of bias-by hiding behind self-styled fact checkers. Fact-checking websites use a number of tactics to convince visitors that they are fair and reliable. They claim to be non-partisan. They demonstrate their neutrality by criticizing both sides. They show that they are thorough and nuanced by assessing some claims as partially true and others as partially false. And they use gimmicks such as the "Truth-O-Meter" to convince people that they are singularly focused on gauging the truth. Take for instance PolitiFact.com. This fact-checking website is operated by the Tampa Bay Times, a newspaper widely considered anti-Republican (and known to some as the "Florida Pravda"). However, if a website purports to be fact checker, then shouldn't it be operated by people who can legitimately claim to be impartial? PolitiFact is staffed by the same old reporters and researchers. The first thing that anyone visiting PolitiFact.com will notice is that the site appears to be as devoted to criticizing President Obama as it is criticizing Mitt Romney and Republicans. However, that impression doesn't hold up under closer inspection. PolitiFact's homepage features a comparison ("rating their promises") of the GOP leadership and President Obama. At first glance, both sides have many "broken promises" to explain. However, the chart suggests that President Obama keeps his promises almost twice as often as Republicans. Oh well, perhaps that is just the way things are. Dig deeper, however, and you will find that the explanations are invariably favorable to President Obama. When PolitiFact says that President Obama broke a promise, it usually means that he was prevented from keeping that promise by Republicans and their allies. For example, President Obama promised to create a foreclosure prevention fund; he did, but the big banks failed to cooperate. President Obama promised to "repeal the Bush tax cuts for higher incomes"; he didn't, but that was a necessary concession in striking a deal to extend middle class tax cuts. Similar excuses are offered for the rest of what PolitiFact calls Obama's "Top Ten Broken Promises." While PolitiFact goes out of its way to soften criticism of President Obama, no such understanding is shown toward Mitt Romney. For example, Mitt Romney's charge that President Obama began his presidency with "an apology tour" is described as an out-and-out "pants-on-fire" lie. PolitiFact does not dispute that President Obama told foreign audiences that "America has shown arrogance" and "at times we sought to dictate our terms." Instead, the clearly apologetic remarks are shrugged off as standard "diplomatic language." PolitiFact also characterized Mitt Romney's accusation that President Obama gutted the work requirement from welfare (repeated by Rick Santorum) as a "pants-on-fire" lie. However, the Obama administration issued a directive permitting waivers of what under the 1996 law were mandatory work requirements. And PolitiFact described as false Paul Ryan's claim that the GM plant in Janesville closed after President Obama took office. However, two articles (one by the Associated Press) corroborate the assertion that while the plant ceased making large SUVs in late 2008, it continued to operate with a reduced workforce making trucks until mid-2009. If PolitiFact were sincere about helping "you find the truth in politics," it would not continue to portray these statements as completely false. PolitiFact is really a propaganda site. It makes selective use of facts to boost President Obama. The good news is that while anyone can create a "fact check" website, the Web also makes it easy to double-check their work. Ira Brodsky is a writer based in St. Louis, Missouri. He blogs at irabrodsky.com.
Post by Toastie » Thu, 12. Aug 10, 21:55
Updated to version 2.2 with improved screen resolutions
Languages: English (Voice+Text), German (Voice+Text)
Updated to version 2.2 with improved screen resolutions
Languages: English (Voice+Text), German (Voice+Text)
Updated to version 1.5 and includes UPLINK online ranking
Languages: English (Voice+Text), German (Voice+Text), French (Text), Italian (Text)
Updated to version 2.5 and includes: "Bala Gi`s Research Missions" and UPLINK online ranking
Languages: English (Voice+Text), German (Voice+Text), French (Voice + Text), Italian (Text)
Updated to version 3.0 featuring all new: "Balance of Power" missions
Includes all new: "Dead is Dead" mode (requires Steam online connection)
Includes Steam online achievement system (requires Steam online connection)
Includes "A New Home" and "Aldrin” mission sets"
Includes UPLINK online ranking
Languages: English (Voice+Text), German (Voice+Text), French (Voice + Text), Italian (Text), Spanish (Text)
All games are compatible with Windows XP (SP2+), Windows Vista (SP1+) and Windows 7 (32 and 64-bit) and feature no DRM.
Many scripts and mods for X2: The Threat, X3: Reunion and X3: Terran Conflict
"Plugin Manager" helps with installation and management of mods and scripts.
MP3 Soundtrack
Guides, walkthroughs and tutorials for beginners and advanced players alike.
Artwork, fan-stories, screenshots, music and videos created by the community.
Official Concept Art Collection.
Many game-modding tools.
And much more…
Würselen/Planegg, Germany – In a further step to enhance and broaden the enjoyment of its X games titles, Germany-based software developer, EGOSOFT, and publisher Deep Silver today announced the forthcoming release of the X Superbox.This compendium represents the full spectrum of EGOSOFT's endeavours over the course of its PC games development history, stretching right back to the first X-series game, X- Beyond the Frontier, chronicling the adventures of Kyle Brennan in the X Universe and bringing that Universe's story right up to date with the very latest version of X3: Terran Conflict, for which a new set of missions, entitled ‘Balance of Power' has been specially developed.The X Superbox contains the most up-to-date version of all of the X-series games, which have been updated to ensure compatibility with Microsoft Windows XP (SP2), Windows Vista (SP1) and Windows 7 (32 and 64-bit). All of these titles are also provided without DRM. A comprehensive contents and features list can be found below.In addition to all of the X-series titles, the X Superbox also contains an all-new and exclusive X Encyclopedia, written by Helge Kautz, the author of Farnham's Legend and other X Universe books. This 300-page encyclopedia, which covers historic events and personalities in the X Universe, amongst many other items of interest, represents the ultimate reference for all avid fans of the X-series of games.EGOSOFT and Deep Silver are particularly proud to announce that the X Superbox will contain a bonus DVD that is bursting at the seams with additional content, most of which has been created and developed by players and fans of the X games, as well some other previously-unreleased exclusive bonus content added by EGOSOFT.The community-created content includes guides, artwork, music, videos and modding tools as well as many of the most popular scripts and mods for X2: The Threat, X3: Reunion and X3: Terran Conflict. The scope and scale of this content is testament to the loyal dedication and the passion of the EGOSOFT gaming community.The X Superbox will be available on general release in the UK, Scandinavia, Benelux, Australia, France and in the German-speaking countries onAll games of the X Series in one box all updated to the latest version and with many new expansions. Including:The ultimate compendium of X universe knowledge, written by Helge Kautz, author of Farnham's Legend and many other books about the X universe. This 300-page encyclopedia covers historic events, technology, the important personalities and much much more.A collection of material created by EGOSOFT's fan community, bonus EGOSOFT content from previous collector's editions and bonus CDs, including exclusive, previously-unreleased material. This includes:Steam users now can download the encyclopedia from our download site under the section X-Superbox when they have purchased the box from steam and registered it on their forum profiles.
When Batman Vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice's trailer debuts with Mad Max: Fury Road next month, it may also give audiences their first listen at composer Junkie XL's score of the film.
Yesterday, Junkie XL posted a tweet teasing that he was working on some project in his music studio. In the tweet, there's an image of a TV screen in Junkie's studio, brandishing a dark Warner Bros. logo. This dark logo has often accompanied Dark Knight and Man of Steel trailers, leading many believe that the television could be playing footage from the upcoming film.
While this could all be written off as speculation, Junkie XL confirmed in a recent interview that he had finished Mad Max's score and would next be turning to Batman V. Superman's score with Hans Zimmer. “I would say that the Man of Steel score is the most elaborate collaboration between me and Hans to date, the next one will definitely be Batman V Superman. We found ourselves talking about so many ideas, what we could do, and what themes could be written. I mean the drummers, I mean the whole idea to design this whole rhythm thing was something that I came up with Hans, and then I eventually designed most of the rhythms and I conducted the whole session,” he told FilmsOnWax.com. “It was a very inspiring thing to do, with all these very, very talented drummers.”
The governor wants to reinstate the death penalty after several children and police officers were killed this year.But, if Gov. Susana Martinez gets her way, the New Mexico Public Defender's Office says it will cost the state millions of dollars."(It is) just a tremendous investment of time, trauma and money, and for what? We never actually use it," Jeff Buckels, the office's supervising attorney, said.He helped abolish the death penalty in 2009."The numbers on this were all run through the Legislature in 2009, and I'm certain nothing's changed," he said.Buckels says death penalty cases are more expensive because more is at stake, so cases usually take more time, require specialized attorneys and a more extensive jury selection.According to 2009 legislative documents, court administrators said seating a jury typically costs about $8,000, but in a death penalty case, it's closer to $25,000.Buckels also says a lot of convictions are often appealed.He believes life without the possibility of parole is an appropriate alternative: less expensive, and "it doesn't involve killing someone who in the end could be proved innocent after they're gone," he said.Senate Democrats and the Archdiocese of Santa Fe have also voiced their opposition.
The governor wants to reinstate the death penalty after several children and police officers were killed this year.
But, if Gov. Susana Martinez gets her way, the New Mexico Public Defender's Office says it will cost the state millions of dollars.
Advertisement
"(It is) just a tremendous investment of time, trauma and money, and for what? We never actually use it," Jeff Buckels, the office's supervising attorney, said.
He helped abolish the death penalty in 2009.
"The numbers on this were all run through the Legislature in 2009, and I'm certain nothing's changed," he said.
Buckels says death penalty cases are more expensive because more is at stake, so cases usually take more time, require specialized attorneys and a more extensive jury selection.
According to 2009 legislative documents, court administrators said seating a jury typically costs about $8,000, but in a death penalty case, it's closer to $25,000.
Buckels also says a lot of convictions are often appealed.
He believes life without the possibility of parole is an appropriate alternative: less expensive, and "it doesn't involve killing someone who in the end could be proved innocent after they're gone," he said.
Senate Democrats and the Archdiocese of Santa Fe have also voiced their opposition.
AlertMe
Issues and ‘real issues' raised in noisy TV debates and newspapers these days often leave laymen like me completely baffled. I was of course disappointed at the CBI special court acquitting so many powerful people accused in the 2G case. It was disappointing because what is more pleasurable and edifying than to see those who lord over us, politicians and bureaucrats, having their nose rubbed in the dust and marched to prison?
But what were the issues? I could make out only three.
LOSS: In business a loss occurs when one is unable to recover the cost. A trader purchases something for Rs.8 but if he sells it for Rs. 7, hesuffers a loss of Rs.1. On the other hand, if he sells it for Rs.10, obviously he makes a profit of Rupees two. If he sells it for Rs. 9 instead of Rs.10, his profit is reduced to Rupee one. Thus, there is a loss of profit of Rs.1. But by no accounting norm is it a loss. In case of 2G, it is nobody's case that there has been a loss. The complaint is that if instead of selling it at a fixed price, the spectrum wereauctioned, the Government would have earned an additional revenue of Rs, 1,76,000 crores more. There are many questions about the computation—the CAG report itself mentioned many figures, but whatever the figure, the grievance is not about any loss but about “loss of possible profit”, which is something very different from loss.
At this stage it is worth recalling that 2G spectrums are used for mobile telephony. And the charges levied by mobile operators for such calls are approved by the Regulator, TRAI. Obviously, they take into account the cost of the operators while fixing such rates. Thus, if the Mobile operators paid Rs. 1,76,000 crores more for the spectrum, the mobile call rates would have been higher to that extent.
The Government, however, chose to sacrifice its own revenue for the sake of lower call rates. Whether the choice was economically right or not may be questioned. But making a choice between welfare maximisation and revenue maximisation is a sovereign function of any Government.
Selling rice at a cheaper rate to the BPL population, which entails a real loss rather than a loss of profit, is also questioned by many economists. But nobody has suggested that this is a crime or a morally reprehensible choice made by the Government or that it is a ‘scam'.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED: The second issue is adoption of “first come first served” basis to select the buyers of spectrum. Whenever something is sold on fixed price basis and the supply is limited and less than the demand, only two methods are available to the seller.
When due to a transport strike or some other bottleneck supplies dry up, petrol pumps or ration shops sell till stocks last and then down their shutters. A classic case of first come first served. Or, one adopts a lottery Housing Boards or Development authorities do while allocating ready-made flats. Adoption of fist come first served basis is, therefore, by itself unexceptionable.
BRIBE: The third issue is one of bribe. A company gives a loan of Rs. 200 crores to a TV channel by cheque. If the lender were not a recipient of 2G license, or if the channel were not owned by family members of M. Karunanidhi, no one would probably have given it a second thought.
A cheque automatically enters the book of Accounts of a borrower as a liability to be discharged at a later date. This could not possibly have been intended to be a bribe. Who pays bribes through cheques? Moreover, the very idea that a Rs176 thousand Crore scam generated a bribe of Rs200 crores is laughable.
This, to a layman like me, is what the 2G ‘scam' looked like. The case shows what an irresponsible media and authorities trying to play to the galleries in conjunction can do.
(The author, a former CEO of a company, is a keen observer of current affairs)
The first season of True Detective belonged to Cary Fukunaga. Yes, creator and (sole) writer Nic Pizolatto dreamed up its brooding semi-mystical Louisiana noir, which so many viewers, myself included, found immensely compelling. That it felt so watery and dreamlike; like a thin façade thrown over an all-consuming void, was all the work of Fukunaga, who, in an unheard-of-for-television move, directed all eight episodes. The show may have set up shop in some well-trod genre territory — cops, corpses, and disreputable drinking holes — but Fukunaga's ethereal framing of it was a striking counterbalance, throwing the meaning of everything from a Lone Star can to the pale skin of a cadaver into abstract question in ways that Rust Cohle, even at his most contemplative, could not. The more literal the show got, the more it derived its energy from Pizzolatto's dialogue and plot, the less engrossing it was — as evidenced by the sagging reception to the season's final few episodes.
Cary Fukunaga and Woody Harrelson were the MVPs of Season One Here's another strong opinion: the MVP of the season was not Matthew McConaughey's memeable scenery chomper Rust, but Woody Harrelson's Marty Hart. The wild-eyed prophet got all the good lines, but if your chosen backdrop is the pitch-black darkness of human nature, you need a normal on hand to get touched by said darkness. Without that, there's no drama, no change. Watching Marty forced to confront his own hypocrisy and the fragility of the things he valued was the most interesting character development the show had going for it; Rust, by contrast, was relatively static. True Detective wouldn't have worked if it were a show about two burned out pessimists. One of them had to be a dad, both literally and figuratively. Rust: This place is like somebody's memory of a town, and the memory is fading. It's like there was never anything here but jungle.
Marty: Stop saying shit like that. It's unprofessional. Of course, my pro-Fukunaga, pro-Harrelson stance is really just two ways of saying the same, very obvious thing: like any noir, True Detective worked as an exercise in contrasts. Yes, it was thoroughly weird and wild and felt unlike anything we'd ever seen on TV before, but its motor was still fueled by some very old-school storytelling tactics: Light vs. darkness. Gallant vs. Goofus. Wordy, self-serious scribe vs. detached, artsy director. The second season of the show premieres this Sunday on HBO after a long hiatus, during which the plot has been constantly conjectured about, and countless #TrueDetectiveSeason2 pairings have been suggested on social media. The continued enthusiasm for that running joke is all the proof I need that the main appeal of the show was its streamlined duality, not it's Lovecraftian conspiracies. Even after the mystery of the Yellow King had faded, we still liked the idea of two people (however unlikely a pairing) driving around solving mysteries and chatting about the nature of the universe. True Detective has become self aware #TrueDetectiveSeason2 also speaks to the overall fan enthusiasm for a fresh start, and that, at least, is assured. The second season swaps rural Louisiana in 1995 for the Inland Empire of present-day Los Angeles; cults and child murder for infrastructure corruption. I'm generally a fan of the increasingly popular omnibus television format; the promise of a fresh slate brings new urgency and economy to a medium that can very frequently slip into repetition. But while noting the elements that Pizzolatto decided to keep from the enormously successful first season vs. those that were discarded, it dawned on me that omnibus television had been around long before Fargo and American Horror Story, in the form of reality television. And like Jersey Shore, The Real World, and any number of competition series, True Detective has become self-aware.
The show has taken its loudest elements (self-destructive nihilists, grisly murders, and liver-annilihating booze consumption) and amplified them even further, while its subtler joys (those meandering car talks, the presence of even a flawed voice of semi-reason) are cast off. Instead of pitting one character long lost to the void against one still clinging to tradition, we have four characters all writhing around in the darkness in some form or another. It's a new mystery with plenty of avenues for potential, but in the first three episodes, at least, the shadow of its predecessor looms over the proceedings, to the point where it feels like we are watching four mostly talented actors "playing True Detective." When one character intones "Everybody gets touched" ominously at the end of a scene, it feels not unlike The Situation saying "The Situation" ad nauseum in the second season Jersey Shore. It feels like watching four actors "play True Detective" True Detective has hung onto its textual qualities over the structural ones, even though the structure is what enabled us to hang with it even in its darkest hour. There is no interview framing device, the car talks are frustratingly protracted. I'm wary of spoiling too much beyond what's already out there about this season — not because there's that much to spoil, but because its one of those shows where people don't even want to know what color shirt a character is wearing before watching the episode for themselves. I get that, and there are some joys to be had in letting the show's new smoggy surroundings wash over you. But everything feels so essentially familiar that I don't feel any pressing curiosity about what fucked up Ray Velcoro (wife stuff,) Frank Semyon (childhood stuff,) Ani Bezzerides (sex stuff and dad stuff,) or Paul Woodrugh (army stuff and sex stuff.) Pizzolatto gives his female characters more to do this time around, but he still thinks sexual potency is a character trait, and his interest in dismembered female body parts — even just as a light motif — hasn't flagged.
Patrick Henningsen
Infowars.com
October 17, 2011
In 2008, Barack Obama made history as the first black President in the United States of America. Three years later, he has made history again, this time as the first US President to establish a permanent US military presence on the African continent.
Obama announced late last week, “I believe that deploying these U.S. armed forces furthers U.S. national security interests and foreign policy and will be a significant contribution toward counter-LRA efforts in central Africa.”
It is ironic that America's first black President would be the one to establish a permanent US military beach head in Africa, but one only has to read the numerous strategic briefings available from U.S. AFRICOM to reveal a long-range Anglo-American agenda for the Dark Continent.
When the US formed AFRICOM in 2007 under President George W. Bush, 49 different countries signed on to the US military imperial charter for Africa. AFICOM is a colonial subsidary of Neoconservative pièce de résistance known as the Project for a New American Century (PNAC). In sporting terms, you could say that Bush Jr kicked the ball down the field in 2007, but it is Barack Obama who has carried the ball over the goal line in 2011.
Last Friday, Obama extended his bold new military safari tour of Africa, ordering the deployment of 100 special forces US troops to the central Africa country of Uganda, allegedly to support local forces in battling the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA). Formed in 1987, they have been engaged in an armed rebellion against the ruling Ugandan government.
Interestingly, LRA's leader is the infamous Joseph Kony, who also has all the makings of a bin-Ladenesque comic book villain. Should that conflict escalate, tales of Kony will provide a ready, out-of-the-box meal for a US mainstream media machine who are forever gagging for a new world public enemy number one.
Uganda looks to have brokered an initial deal here as a US local partner in Africa, a relationship which was formalized following Uganda's key role (allegedly) in battling Muslim extremists in Somalia. Whatever Uganda's actual role was, their rewards have been substantial. Obama recently sent them around $45 million in military equipment, and this will certainly be topped up annually if Uganda continues to host US troops there.
From an AFRICOM standpoint, this latest deal with Uganda is a major step forward in militarily colonizing the continent. What Obama did not highlight in his announcement last week is that a small force is already present in Uganda, and that the new attachment of US special forces who are arriving shortly will be dispatched to perform various ops in the surrounding South Sudan, Somalia, Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo. Add to this an extensive laundry list of US State Department and ‘national security' objectives, and you have a fully baked recipe for a permanent US military presence in Africa.
To achieve this, the US will also require numerous black ops, backed by a large supporting cast of CIA field workers, agents, US military administrators and paid contractors. This will enable the US, with all the elements necessary for the overthrow of any African country south of the Sahara desert.
If recent events in North Africa are any indication, the US will often back and support a military dictatorship, rather than allow for a country's own self-determination. Egypt is the best example of this. After all the fanfare surround the Arab Spring, few have bothered to pay attention to who and what actually replaced Egypt's overthrown regime there. Now Egypt's ‘temporary' military government does not want to relinguish the reins of power.
Interestingly, only one country refused to sign on to AFRICOM's neocolonial charter. That country was Libya.
If you have any doubts as to what a country can expect if it falls foul of the America's AFRICOM dictates, look no further than Libya and its leader Moummar Qaddafi. Following UN's flimsy resolution 1973, Libya was pulverized by a full-blown NATO military air assault. Following the destruction of most of its cities and their infrastructures, Libya is currently in the process of being carved by selected US and European corporations. It's doubtful that Libya will ever see half the stability or prosperity it had achieved under Qaddafi.
Libya was a hot run, and a subsequent Beta test on the part of NATO and AFRICOM. First on AFRICOM's menu is UN sanctions, then arming a local faction and fomenting civil unrest, then regime change, followed by the privatization and auctioning off of any valuable state assets to US and European companies, and eventually – a long, hard session of neoliberal IMF economic shock therapy.
Note that the US military or NATO will always be on call if local rebels need their revolution advanced down field. If this process cannot be initiated via the UN, the US will also be very well-placed to run a clandestine operation anywhere on the continent.
In Uganda's case, it may work as a reverse of NATO's Libyan-style intervention, whereby US troops will crush, not assist Ugandan rebels rising up against a corrupt and despotic government.
On the very long-range end of the agenda will be to unify Africa into an EU-type superstate, the African Union, and with a single African currency. For Wall Street and the City of London, this is a relatively untapped opportunity to plunder, and then re-plunder a number of otherwise emerging growth economies.
Proponents of AFRICOM seem confident, and with good reason. The US has always been successful at achieving a high level of destabilization in any country it interacts with militarily. This special brand of “engineered chaos” then needs to be managed by a strong military presence in the region.
Globalist elites and transnational corporations could not be more thrilled- hundreds of no-bid contracts, opening up new markets, new monopolies, and extremely cheap labor for globalist industries… in Africa.
In terms of the global geopolitical chessboard, AFRICOM's most significant objective for America and Europe will be to confront, minimize, sabotage, and where possible- completely destroy China's economic interests in Africa. Evicting the Chinese from their hundreds of economic interests and political partnerships in Africa amount to a new Cold War between the Anglo-American Empire and China.
Unfortunately for Africa, USA Inc has become one giant corporation, and certainly behaves like one. Its current CEO, Barack Obama, has one of the hardest hitting velvet gloves in history. He has already demonstrated that he can, and will, bomb a nation into compliance with the globalist plan to completely re-colonize and re-corporatize Africa.
The process will take time, and will no doubt cost many billions of dollars, and thousands of innocent lives will be lost at the hands of CIA-sponsored civil and guerrilla wars. One AFRICOM study believes that China would eventually send its troops to Africa, to defend its economic interests there. The study warns:
“Now China has achieved a stage of economic development which requires endless supplies of African raw materials and has started to develop the capacity to exercise influence in most corners of the globe. The extrapolation of history predicts that distrust and uncertainty will inevitably lead the People's Liberation Army (PLA) to Africa in staggering number.”
AFRICOM, in its own words, is almost expecting a military confrontation with China over its interests in Africa, and with the new US practice of ‘pre-emptive foreign policy', it serves as an almost perfect storm for a new not-so-cold war there.
China will not just react, as the US might do, if its interests and investment have been threatened in Africa. This is partly because unlike the USA Inc, China is still a functioning nation state and Chinese leaders are not being constantly pressured by its corporations to act over-aggressively to protect Chinese interests.
In the twilight days of every US administration, an American President is defined by his all-important legacy.
Whether Obama becomes either a one term or two terms President- after it's all said and done, he will be remembered as Kenya's only begotten son, who sold out Africans to his globalist overlords- the man who eventually broke the back of Africa.
Ironic, as we still remember how much hope some people had of him, way back then.
How George Clooney has inspired cosmetic craze for 'ball ironing' - that sees wrinkles removed from you know where...
George Clooney has repeatedly joked that instead of his eyes he gets the skin on his testicles 'ironed' out, but now it appears he's inspired a new craze in Hollywood.
Cosmetic expert Nurse Jamie told MailOnline that she added 'Tighten the Tackle' to the list of services at her Santa Monica spa, Beauty Park , last year, and it has been a raving success.
Delicately describing the $575 non-surgical treatment, the blonde beautician says it involves using lasers to remove hair, erase wrinkles and correct discoloration on the scrotum.
Beauty regime: George Clooney has repeatedly joked that instead of his eyes, he gets the skin on his testicles 'ironed' out, but now it appears he's inspired a new craze in Hollywood
Like women, she explains her male clients are keen to 'keep their garden kept' and it's purely for aesthetic reasons.
During the movie awards season she's apparently inundated with requests and now many are gearing up for the Emmys this September.
She continues: 'They thought the Brazilian bikini wax was crazy ten years ago and now it's just part of the process . . the tide is turning - don't knock it until you try it.
'Down there the skin ages, it's a thinner skin like that around the eyes.'
Nurse Jamie, who refuses to reveal which celebrities she's treated, decided to investigate 'tackle tightening' after being bombarded with inquiries.
' They thought the Brazilian bikini wax was crazy ten years ago and now it's just part of the process - the tide is turning'
'Men are becoming more comfortable with their grooming habits,' she said.
On her website, beautyparkspa.com the procedure is sold more subtly as the 'Male Laser Lift.'
She said she had a difficult time coming up with a name and other contenders included 'Ball Ironing', 'Go Nuts' and 'Laser Polish The Crown Jewels'.
A blurb explaining the process reads: '[This] evens out skin tone, removes discoloration from ingrown hairs, removes skin tags and provides overall tightening to the external skin. You know where…'
Depending on what needs to be done, the hair removal process takes 45 minutes and it takes another 25 minutes to tighten and improve skin tone.
Results last up to four weeks and she recommends around six sessions. 'It has a high patient satisfaction,' she reveals.
Whereas 15per cent of her clients used to be men, that number has shot up to 40per cent.
Surprising trend: Nurse Jamie says that she also gets celebrity clients wanting to look like other celebrities
On average they spend $900 at a time on small enhancements here and there - considerably more than women.
As well as A-listers, 'handymen, bankers and CEOs' are also keen to improve their looks below the belt, according to Nurse Jamie.
Just the other day she received a visit from a business executive who wanted to feel his best before a round of public speaking.
At first a little nervous, she said by the end of the consultation he was 'loving' the thought of everything he could have done.
'Male clients are so much easier than women. Most of them become clients for life,' she added.
Nurse Jamie predicts that her Tighten the Tackle treatment will become increasingly popular as people realize 'it's not as strange as it sounds'.
She declined to comment on George Clooney's claims.
In an interview with Italy's Max magazine this January, the 52-year-old actor said: 'I never fixed my eyes, but I spent more money to stretch the skin of my testicles.
'I did not like the wrinkles. It's a new technique, many people in Hollywood have done it. It's called ‘ball ironing.'"
He also touched on 'ball ironing' in a 2008 interview with Esquire. Surgeons say such intervention can boost a man's self-confidence by tightening the skin and muscle around the testes.
Jack & Coke Officially Renamed “The Lemmy”
It's official: the iconic cocktail Jack & Coke will forever hereforth be known as “The Lemmy”. Recently-passed rock legend Lemmy Kilmister has joined the ranks Arnold Palmer, Bellini, Shirley Temple and Tom Collins. Food & Beverage Magazine has officially named the industry standard call-out drink of Jack & Coke to “The Lemmy” in honor of Official Motörhead legend Lemmy Kilmister's favorite drink which he made famous on the Sunset Strip at the Rainbow Bar and Grill.
“We are honored to represent the industry and bring the moniker, “The Lemmy” to every bar in the world!” exclaims Food and Beverage Magazine Publisher, Michael Politz. “Owning a Rock club with Anthrax's Scott Ian and Alice in Chains' Jerry Cantrell gave me the chance to meet Lemmy and experience his legend myself.”
Lemmy passed three days after Christmas, stunning the music world and inspiring an avalanche of tributes.
Justin Sullivan/Getty A for sale sign in front of a home in San Francisco, California.
The market's reaction to the S&P Case Shiller data showing the home prices dropped almost 19% in March was that the data is old, so there is no point in giving it much attention. The market seemed to shrug it off by posting large gains.
But, the numbers from March are like canned vegetables. It takes them a long time to spoil. That point was driven home by a study Fitch, the credit ratings agency, is preparing that shows "that between 65% and 75% of modified subprime loans will fall 60-days or more delinquent within 12 months of the loan change." In other words, even if homeowners are given a second chance to keep their homes and enjoy lower monthly payments, they are prepared to walk away. (Read "Four Steps to Ending the Foreclosure Crisis.")
The market is looking for ways to claim that housing is finding a bottom and that it is possible that a recovery in home prices in the wings. While there may be some pick-up in sales in the most depressed markets including Nevada and Florida, there is no sign that prices are rising. Clever buyers are moving in to buy homes in foreclosure, but the prices of these houses are so low that their sales may actually bring down the average price of the homes being sold in those markets.
What housing "bulls" do not want to admit is that people who have underwater mortgages will often give up on the opportunity to keep their homes because they see no financial future in staying. They may never get any equity from their residences. They are probably better off to rent under the circumstances and move back into the housing market when it begins to recover. Some owners have been burned so badly that they may rent for life. That in and of itself will keep demand for home purchases low. (See pictures of the housing crisis.)
Another factor that will not allow home prices to recover is the reluctance of banks to lend money to anyone except people with sterling credit ratings. Those people are harder and harder to find during a recession when paying bills late may be the only way to pay them at all.
Several economists are projecting the GDP growth in the U.S. may stay below 2% for three of four years and that 8% unemployment will become what they call "the new normal." Housing will not recover much if those assessments are true. Over the last decade the unemployment rate has been closer to 5% than to 8%. The three percentage point difference in a labor force which numbers more than 100 million people is a hole in the economy that cannot be filed. People without work are not going to be home buyers.
The "new normal" in housing is that home prices which have dropped 20% or more may drop further. Even under the best of circumstances, prices will not recover.
 Douglas A. McIntyre
See pictures of the housing crisis.
For constant business updates, go to 24/7wallst.com.
Graham Rahal's favourite tracks are the ones with a lot of history, so it shouldn't be a surprise why the Honda Indy Toronto ranks high on his list.
His father Bobby won the inaugural race in 1986 and finished on the podium in Toronto seven times during his legendary career.
Graham has plenty of fond childhood memories watching his dad race at the Exhibition Place street course (as well as playing at the old Legoland at nearby Ontario Place) and he's revved up to add to his family's legacy when the Verizon IndyCar Series returns July 14-16.
“It would mean a lot, without a doubt. It would mean a ton to me,” said Rahal, who drives the No. 15 Honda for the team co-owned by his father, former talk show host David Letterman and businessman Mike Lanigan. “For me, I try everywhere to add to the Rahal legacy. My dad certainly made that pretty tough, but I try the best that I can to fulfill that and to live up to it. To add to that history in Toronto would be extremely special.”
While Rahal admitted his previous Honda Indy Toronto results haven't been spectacular — his best finish so far is fifth place in 2010 — this could be the year for the 28-year-old from New Albany, Ohio. His dominant performance earlier this season in Detroit, winning both races of a doubleheader, could be a sign of things to come should the success at that street course carry over to the one in Toronto.
“Detroit was awesome. I anticipate coming off of Detroit, how we performed there should carry over well into Toronto, but we've certainly had times where we need to be better, perform better than we have,” said Rahal, who sits seventh in the IndyCar championship standings. “Overall it's been a strong season and hopefully we're going to look to finish it off on a good note.”
Rahal is the lone full-time entry for Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing this season and although it has been a bit of a struggle not to have teammates to exchange data, car setups and strategies with, he thinks there are benefits to his situation too.
“It does present a lot of challenges but it also presents some opportunities when it comes to just focusing towards one effort, that one effort being the 15 car wins races,” Rahal said. “We've been fortunate that we've been able to do that, but without a doubt it would help to have a second car as long as it's a very well-performing and fast car that can help towards the end goal.”
Rahal is also a huge Columbus Blue Jackets fan and is optimistic for the team's future just as long as they don't keep facing the Pittsburgh Penguins in the playoffs. The Blue Jackets posted a franchise-record 50 wins and 108 points in 2016-17, but once again clashed with the powerhouse Penguins in the first round of the playoffs. Pittsburgh ended Columbus' season, taking the series in five games en route to winning a second straight Stanley Cup.
“We always run into Pittsburgh dammit,” Rahal said jokingly. “They always seem to be the thorn in our side. They're just so good. [Sidney] Crosby, [Evgeni] Malkin, and obviously even Toronto's old boy [Phil] Kessel, just when they need to turn it on those guys are animals.
“I think the Blue Jackets' future is looking really bright, I do feel that way. It's a very young team still, strong leadership and I think they'll be a force to be reckoned with going forward.”
Columbus already made an off-season splash sending Brandon Saad back to the Chicago Blackhawks for 2016 Calder Memorial Trophy winner Artemi Panarin. Rahal believes Panarin, who tallied 31 goals and 43 assists this past season, should help out the Blue Jackets in a big way.
“We needed a good scorer,” Rahal said. “As much as I love Brandon Saad he just never really worked out in Columbus. He never seemed to perform at the level that I felt like he could. Hopefully Panarin will come in there — he'll be there with Alex Wennberg and some of the younger guys — and they can be very, very strong together.”
ATLANTA — Wading back into politics for one of the first times since the end of her campaign, Hillary Clinton promised Democrats meeting here in Atlanta that she will stay active in the party's efforts to rebuild and to oppose President Donald Trump.
"We as Democrats must move forward with courage, confidence, and optimism, and stay focused on the elections we must win this year and next. Let resistance plus persistence equal progress for our party and our country," Clinton said in surprise video recorded for Democrats at a party-wide meeting on Friday in Atlanta.
"Keep fighting," she said. "I'll be right there with you every step of the way."
After a devastating loss last fall to Trump, Clinton's future role in the party has been a subject of speculation and debate among Democrats and progressives — some of whom argue that the Clintons' time as central figures in the party has passed, and that she and former president Bill Clinton should clear the way for new voices.
Democrats close to Clinton, however, have said she will remain involved in party business and helping candidates, though plans for that effort remain fluid.
Even as the Democratic National Committee's 447 voting members convene here to elect a new chair and plot a fresh course forward, Democrats are quick to invoke lessons from 2016 election and Clinton's tight primary against Bernie Sanders.
A rules committee meeting on Thursday was dedicated in part to a post-mortem of Clinton's loss and to questions about whether to abolish the super-delegate system that benefited Clinton over Sanders. And the two frontrunners in the chair's race, Tom Perez and Keith Ellison, have been cast by some Democrats as proxies in an ongoing battle between the establishment and the activist grassroots community.
Clinton's message to Democrats, delivered direct-to-camera, was met with cheers and applause among those assembled in the Westin Peachtree Plaza ballroom.
The former first lady acknowledged divisions inside the party ("we are Democrats, after all") and touted the DNC platform that her campaign helped write in collaboration with Sanders — tying those values to the so-called resistance movement on the left.
"Ideas we championed are now inspiring leaders and activists across our country," Clinton said.
"Nearly 66 million votes are fueling grassroots energy and activism. And everywhere, people are marching, protesting, tweeting, speaking out, and working for an America that's hopeful, inclusive, and big-hearted."
Among the millions of Democrats marching in the streets, Clinton said, are "future mayors, city and state officials, governors, members of congress..."
"Even," she added, "future presidents."
The Living Sands
In the vast deserts of the world the primal forces of heat, sand, and change are both the bringers of life and the dealers of death. Those that make these deserts their home come to understand just how much like a singular organism the desert is, and some deserts touched by ancient primeval magic make that a more literal statement than outsiders realize. The Sahar-Azan in the heart of Riabeth is one such desert, rich with life, history, and magic.
The Living Sands are an ancient magic with a will of their own, allowing merchants to traverse its expanses or snuffing them out with storm and choking dust seemingly on a whim. Sometimes they take a physical form, but these have only rarely been seen, and may only be a rumor. Some desert peoples, though, learn of the secret knowledge of the Sands, and even find favor with the desert itself, protecting the sunbaked settlements from raiders and worse, or, just like the desert that grants them their powers, destroying them on a whim.
Expanded Spell List
Spell Level Spells 1st fog cloud, earth tremor 2nd dust devil, Maximilian's earthen grasp 3rd wall of sand, erupting earth 4th freedom of movement, Evard's black tentacles 5th Bigby's hand, cloudkill
Out of the Desert
Starting at 1st level, you suffer no ill effects of extreme heat and need half the normal water intake. Additionally, you may command the sand and dust around you. As an action, you may lash out at a creature you can see within 15 feet of you. This creature takes magical bludgeoning damage equal to your Warlock level + your Charisma modifier and must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failure, they are blinded until the end of your next turn. This action can be used once and recharges after a short or long rest.
Dustshell
At 6th level the Living Sands protect you from harm. Whenever you are attacked, you can choose to have the sands act as a shield, attempting to block the impact. As a reaction, you may grant yourself a +3 to your Armor Class until the start of your next turn or advantage on a single saving throw. Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you finish a short or long rest.
Armor of Sand
Beginning at 10th level, you have a fine layer of sand covering you at all times which you can harden into a second skin. After a short or long rest you gain temporary hit points equal to your Warlock level. While you have this HP you gain resistance to fire damage.
One With The Sand
At 14th level you learn to create doubles of yourself and use them as a nasty surprise. As an action you may teleport up to 30 feet from your current location to a location you can see, leaving behind a duplicate of yourself made of sand. As a bonus action, you may move this duplicate up to 30 feet. This duplicate looks identical to you, may move and manipulate objects, but may not speak or attack and has hit points equal to your Warlock level. It lasts up to 10 minutes, at the end of which it disintegrates back into sand. As a reaction you may detonate your duplicate, and all creatures within 20 feet of it must make a Dexterity saving throw or suffer 4d8 force damage and be knocked prone. Once you use this feature to create a duplicate you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Eldritch Invocations
Acolyte of the Shifting Sands
Prerequisite: Living Sands patron, Pact of the Chain feature
You may select a moteling as your familiar. When you have a moteling as your familiar, you may cast Commune with Nature once per long rest without expending a spell slot.
The Duggar Family has finally taken legal action over the release of the legal documents that revealed to the world that Josh Duggar had molested five girls (including four of his little sisters) during his teenage years.
TMZ broke the news that the four Duggar sisters who were revealed to be Josh's victims–Jill, Jessa, Jinger and Joy— filed a lawsuit against the city of Springdale, Arkansas, as well as the city's police officials, for allowing the legal documents detailing the sexual abuse to be released.
The publishers of In Touch Weekly, which was the magazine that released the bombshell report in 2015, is also named in the Duggar girls' lawsuit.
According to TMZ, the girls state in their lawsuit that, back in 2006, they told the city's police officials what Josh had done to them. The girls, who were all minors at the time, claim they were assured that “their statements would only be shared with police and child service officials.”
“They say In Touch filed Freedom of Information Act request in 2015 to obtain the police files,” TMZ reports. “However, in the suit, the sisters say under Arkansas laws the police are forbidden from disclosing any information related to sexual misconduct involving children.”
The Duggar girls all claim that they were further victimized when In Touch made their private confessions public. Although the girls' names were, indeed, redacted from the documents before the release, some information was left visible that revealed that four of Josh's five victims were related to him, causing the public to be able to figure out which sisters were the victims.
After the magazine released the documents, Jill and Jessa appeared on a special and tearfully stated that they were shocked and horrified when they found out the documents were circulating the Internet.
Josh's fifth victim, who is not related to him, has yet to come forward. Last summer, it was reported that she was ready to go public, but that never happened.
Since the documents went public, the Duggar family has been threatening to take legal action against the responsible parties. A month after the documents were released, the City of Springdale released a statement claiming its reps did what the law demands them to do in situations like this.
“On 5/20/15, in full compliance with Arkansas Law, the Springdale Police Department responded to a records request under the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act,” the statement read. “The requested record was not sealed or expunged, and at the time the report was filed, the person listed in the report was an adult. Any names of minors included in the report, as well as pronouns, were redacted from the report by the Springdale Police Department in compliance with Arkansas law prior to release.”
The Duggar girls have not mentioned the lawsuit on their social media accounts, but in a statement to TMZ, the family claims that they are only suing “to protect all children who are victims of abuse.”
The Duggar girls involved in this event are all adults now, and Jill, Jessa and Jinger are all married. Joy is due to get hitched this weekend.
UPDATE: Click hereThe City of Springdale has responded to the Duggar girls' lawsuit, stating that it is “without merit.” for the latest details!
(Photo: TLC)
When Pepe Mel learned of West Bromwich Albion's interest in appointing him as head coach, one of the first calls that the Spaniard made was to Rafael Benítez. Mel and the Napoli manager came through the ranks together as young players at Real Madrid and have remained close ever since. By the time Mel put the phone down to the former Liverpool manager, the ex-Real Betis coach was convinced that he should take a leap of faith.
"I spoke with Rafael Benítez, he is a very good friend and was a team-mate of mine at Madrid. He really did encourage me to come here to England," said Mel, who politely pointed out that Benítez "picked up a very different team" at Anfield to the one he has inherited at Albion. "He said to me that West Brom is a club that needs to do a lot of work but still has a lot of possibilities to be successful. Rafa has been fortunate enough to work for two massive clubs, Liverpool and Chelsea, and he clearly liked it that much here that his wife and children still live up in Liverpool."
Mel came across as an affable and ambitious man – he spoke about the enjoyment he gets from writing novels and how he hoped Albion would be challenging for Europa League qualification this time next year – but it is hard to escape the feeling that he has a big job on his hands at the Hawthorns. On the day he was unveiled as Steve Clarke's successor, Shane Long was on his way to Hull City in a £7m move and Richard Garlick, Albion's sporting and technical director, confirmed that there would not be a penny available for new signings this month.
Throw in the fact that Albion have won only two of their past 15 Premier Leagues games, sit three points above the relegation zone and face Everton and Liverpool in their next two home fixtures, and the task appears a sizeable one, especially for a man who has never managed in England before and is still trying to get to grips with the language.
Not that Mel, who was first approached by Albion at the beginning of last month, seems in the least bit fazed by the task ahead. "I'm convinced that things are going to go well here and that things are going to be a success," he said, speaking through a translator. "West Bromwich Albion have thought for a month that I'm the best man for the job and that's very important."
The 50-year-old insisted that he was "not coming here to input a Spanish model" and said there were no plans for Albion to try to target La Liga when it comes to future signings, although there will clearly be subtle changes in the style of play. All the indications are that Mel will play with a high defensive line and implore his players to win the ball back as close as possible to the opposition goal. In other words, it will be a high-intensity pressing game.
"What we have got to try and do is pass over our message and in the first four sessions we've done that very successfully," Mel said. "West Bromwich Albion need to have an aggressive approach and, in my personal opinion, create more goalscoring opportunities. In football, possession of the ball is absolutely vital, we need to get it back as quickly as possible."
Mel, in fairness, seemed comfortable with the club's decision to sell Long, which Garlick said had been explained to him in advance, as well as the possibility of working with the same group of players over the remainder of the season and the backroom staff that are staying on. "I am absolutely certain [we have enough in the squad to stay in the Premier League] and what is vital is my confidence must be transferred to the players so that they realise they are the stars of the show," he said.
For Mel, who was in tears when he lost his job at Betis at the start of last month, it is about trying to build another special relationship. "When I started at Betis they were in the Spanish second tier and didn't have any money," he said. "Four years later we were playing in the Europa League.
"There were four very tough years of work in Betis. Here it is really the same job that I've got to do. I hope that in the future, and many years from now when I leave here, that West Brom will also be in my heart."
Millions of Gmail users are being advised to change their passwords after a database with usernames and passwords was hacked and exposed on an internet site.
Hackers revealed nearly 5 million Gmail account details and passwords on Bitcoin Security – a popular Russian website devoted to cryptocurrency.
The leak became known after a user posted a link to the log-in credentials on Reddit frequented by hackers, professional and aspiring.
Scroll down for video
Hacked: Hackers revealed nearly 5 million Gmail account details and passwords on the Bitcoin Security site
But the text file was published on Bitcoin on Tuesday night by a user called tvskit according to C News, a Russian news outlet.
The person who leaked the details said the account holders were English, Russian, and Spanish and 60 percent of accounts were active.
The passwords not only give access to Gmail, but other Google services such as Drive and the mobile payment system Google Wallet.
Svetlana Anurova, a Google representative said Google is aware of the security breach and has advised users to change passwords.
They also advise users to enable a two-step verification, a security measure where users are required to provide a passcode sent to their mobile devices before any changes can be made to their account.
A website has now been created which claims to let users check whether their account has been hacked.
Account safety: Google advise users to enable a two-step verification, a security measure where users are required to provide a passcode sent to their mobile devices before any changes can be made to their account
A Google spokesman confirmed to The Next Web that many of the passwords in question were likely taken from a website other than Google.
‘The security of our users' information is a top priority for us,' the company told The Next Web.
‘We have no evidence that our systems have been compromised, but whenever we become aware that accounts may have been, we take steps to help those users secure their accounts.'
The hacker has not been found.
But hackers from Russia and Eastern Europe have been involved in a number of recent high-profile security lapses.
The Gmail leak comes soon after two other major security breaches leaked on the same Bitcoin forum, which targeted Russian email service prodiver Mail.ru and search engine Yandex.
By Kelsey Davenport, Special to CNN
Editor's note: Kelsey Davenport is the nonproliferation analyst for the Arms Control Association. The views expressed are her own.
For the first time in years, Washington appears to be on the path towards a deal that will guard against a nuclear-armed Iran. But to achieve that goal, America must speak with one voice. Our representatives in Washington must actively support our diplomats and actively avoid undercutting them at the negotiating table.
After two days of talks in Geneva, there is good reason to hope that Iran, the United States, and five other world powers are on the path to an agreement that will end the decades-long standoff over Iran's nuclear program.
During the October 15 to 16 negotiations, Iranian officials followed through on newly-elected President Hassan Rouhani's promise to engage in serious negotiations with the international community and present a proposal that addresses the concerns about Iran's nuclear program. In a press conference following the talks, a joint statement endorsed by all the participating countries described Iran's proposal as an “important contribution” and characterized the talks as “substantive and forward looking.”
In short, Iran is following through on Rouhani's commitment to enter into serious negotiations and address international concerns over its nuclear intentions.
Indeed, in a strange twist, the main impediment to a nuclear deal may not be Iran, but hardliners in the U.S. Congress. It is now time for the United States to demonstrate to Iran that we are also willing and able to reach a “win-win” agreement. With Iran bringing a serious proposal to the table that will limit its nuclear program, pragmatic lawmakers must resist the hawks' calls for additional sanctions, allowing time for negotiations to proceed, and instead focus on the shape of a deal that will protect U.S. interests preventing a nuclear-armed Iran.
More from GPS: Don't expect miracles
Washington needs to be realistic about the scope of a deal. Those calling for Iran to dismantle its nuclear program and forgo all uranium enrichment activities are either naïve or disingenuous. While that may be the perfect solution from a nonproliferation standpoint, it is a hardly a compromise that Iranian negotiators would be able to sell back in Tehran.
Insisting on zero enrichment is not an effective solution to stopping Iran's dangerous nuclear pursuits. But it is a ploy for those who prefer bombing Iran to talking to Tehran. Failure to allow time for diplomacy to work, and following an alternative course of further sanctions and possibly military strikes, only risks pushing Tehran to openly pursuing nuclear weapons.
This does not, of course, mean that the United States should accept a bad deal. Iran should be restricted to only producing uranium enriched to civilian power reactor grade, and the amount produced should be tied to its civilian power needs. Tehran must also allow international inspectors more extensive access to its nuclear facilities, visits on short notice, and must provide more-timely information about future nuclear facilities.
Including these measures in a deal would ensure that Iran could not dash to build nuclear weapons before the international community would detect such activities and be able to block them.
Iranian concessions must also be followed by reciprocal measures to relieve the sanctions imposed by the United States and the international community. As Iran addresses the most sensitive proliferation concerns, Washington should begin waiving restrictions that have devastated Iran's economy. Failure to roll back these sanctions in a timely manner could send the wrong signal to the Iranians about the seriousness of U.S. efforts to reach a deal.
Negotiations are scheduled to resume in Geneva on November 7. Let's not spoil this real opportunity with unrealistic demands.
Share this healing knowledge
“The Most Amazing Anti Candida Cauliflower Rice Ever Made”
A perfect blend of exotic aroma, health, nutrients and flavor. This nutritional powerhouse started as a raw recipe, and everybody loved it…however, people still missed cooked rice, so we decided to modify this with the stir-fry version. The result? We will let you be the judge of that…all we can say is that all our testers replaced their rice dishes with this recipe.
What your body will get from Restore Nutrients Cauliflower Rice™
powerful antioxidants & phytonutrients
over 50% of your daily values of vitamins, minerals and electrolytes
as much protein as 4 oz chicken breast !
as much Omega-3 as 4 oz Salmon !
66% of your daily values of fiber !
Want more details? Here are a few more nutrition facts! Do you see why this is called restore nutrients?
Macro-nutrients Vitamins %Daily Value Minerals %Daily Value Calories 593 kcal Protein 30g (53%) Carbs 59 g (45%) Fiber 25 g (66%) EFAs (Essential fatty acids) 11 g (75%) Omega-3 3 g (185%) vitamin A 663% vitamin B's 50% vitamin C 572% vitamin E 27% vitamin K 205% Calcium 23% Copper 35% Iron 114% Magnesium 68% Manganese 148% Phosphorus 109% Potassium 51% Zinc 46%
Before We Start…Did You Know?
You can eat the healthiest foods in the world, but without sufficient digestive enzymes, your body may not be able to absorb the nutrients from the foods, which can lead to vitamins and minerals deficiencies.
Dr. Edward Howell, the world's top authority in enzymes research and one of the leading pioneers in this field, summarized it well:
Without enzymes, no activity at all would take place. Neither vitamins, minerals, nor hormone can do any work – without enzymes Dr. Edward Howell
Enzymes deficiencies or low levels of enzymes are quite common these days, as a result of the modern lifestyle that is usually poor in high quality raw fresh foods. Symptoms may include digestion issues such as constipation, bloating, or gas, unhealthy skin, nails or hair, joint problems and more Learn More
Health starts in…the Kitchen
Ingredients
1 tablespoon of organic extra virgin raw coconut oil (anti-fungal, also – excellent oil for stir-fry/high heat cooking, sweet exotic aroma)
½ head of medium cauliflower grated, see directions below (nutrition powerhouse)
1 medium red onion, chopped (anti-fungal)
2 small chili peppers fine chopped – optional but highly recommended (detox, circulation, strong anti-inflammatory, makes other ingredients work better)
2-4 garlic cloves chopped (anti-fungal)
2 inch ginger chopped (anti-fungal)
1 large red bell pepper chopped (nutrition powerhouse)
1 large carrot grated (nutrition powerhouse)
1 oz hemp seeds hearts (nutrition powerhouse)
ground cayenne to taste – optional (detox, circulation, strong anti-inflammatory, makes other ingredients work better)
Himalayan pink salt to taste (natural healthy salt, rich in traces minerals, gourmet flavor)
Bragg Liquid Aminos or Coconut Secret Organic Raw Coconut Aminos to taste (excellent healthy alternatives to the standard high sodium processed soy sauce, rich in amino acids and trace minerals. If you are allergic to soy, use the coconut Aminos since the Bragg is derived from Soy)
2-6 raw nori sheets (ocean nutrition powerhouse, gourmet flavor)
Directions
Cut cauliflower into florets, removing the stem Grade the cauliflower florets or use food processor so they resemble white rice grains look Heat 1 tablespoon coconut oil in wok or cast-iron skillet, medium-high heat Add the chopped red onions, garlic and grated ginger, sauté until onions turn brown color, about 2-3 minutes Add the graded cauliflower, mix well Add the Himalayan pink salt, the liquid aminos and cayenne, mixing all well for about 2-3 minutes, add a little spring water If needed. We want to take advantage of the cauliflower's nature to absorb flavors, so mix well to get maximum flavor! Add the rest of the veggies mix well, do not overcook the cauliflower! keep stir-frying until all liquids are absorbed and it has the desired consistency. Keep the frying time of the veggies under 2-3 minutes to get more nutrients Remove from heat Add the hemp seeds hearts, mix well Add more Himalayan pink salt as needed
The Chef's Suggestion
“Bring out the gourmet flavor”
Before serving, add 3-4 tablespoons of raw organic coconut butter and mix.
Make sure it is 100% pure organic and raw and that nothing but coconut is added, so you get all the nutrients and benefits of whole coconut, such as fiber, protein, healthy fats and minerals and of course the exotic refreshing coconut aroma and flavor. Our favorite brand is Sacred Foods coconut butter.
Make sure it is 100% pure organic and raw and that nothing but coconut is added, so you get all the nutrients and benefits of whole coconut, such as fiber, protein, healthy fats and minerals and of course the exotic refreshing coconut aroma and flavor. Our favorite brand is Sacred Foods coconut butter. Use nori sheets to create a “sushi” wrap or tear up the nori sheets and mix them with the rice
About Variation
We highly encourage you to replace the ingredients and experiment. By keeping the same type of ingredients, you will have more chances of success as far as taste and also nutrition wise. As we recommended many times, using the free online tools to measure the nutrients is a great way to ensure you are providing your body with all the needed nutrients.
Are you going to eat all this by yourself? Share with your family & friends !
You May Also Like…
Taran Killam, Jay Pharaoh, and Jon Rudnitsky won't return to Studio 8H for season 42 of Saturday Night Live this fall, but the show's remaining cast is still on board.
Kate McKinnon, Leslie Jones, Cecily Strong, Kenan Thompson, Bobby Moynihan, and Vanessa Bayer are among the cast members back for the NBC sketch comedy stalwart, the network confirmed to EW on Tuesday. Weekend Update anchors Colin Jost and Michael Che are slated back, as are Kyle Mooney, Aidy Bryant, Pete Davidson, Beck Bennett, and Sasheer Zamata.
It was a big summer for many in the SNL cast: McKinnon and Jones appeared in Ghostbusters (and Jones parlayed her Olympics viewing in an official invite to the summer games from NBC). Jost and Che, meanwhile, hosted Weekend Update segments during the Republican and Democratic National Conventions in July as special Today show correspondents.
RELATED: Saturday Night Live‘s 25 All-Time Best Characters
SNL will also be rolling with new co-head writers, with the promotion of Chris Kelly and Sarah Schneider. The duo has written sketches such as “The Beygency,” “(Do It On My) Twin Bed,” and “Bar Talk.”
Killam and Pharoah departed after six seasons on the show, while Rudnitsky lasted only one.
Splitsider first reported the news.
[bitcoin-dev] Capacity increases for the Bitcoin system.
On Tue, Dec 8, 2015 at 3:12 PM, Gavin Andresen via bitcoin-dev <bitcoin-dev at lists.linuxfoundation.org> wrote: > Why segwitness as a soft fork? Stuffing the segwitness merkle tree in the > coinbase is messy and will just complicate consensus-critical code (as > opposed to making the right side of the merkle tree in block.version=5 > blocks the segwitness data). It's nearly complexity-costless to put it in the coinbase transaction. Exploring the costs is one of the reasons why this was implemented first. We already have consensus critical enforcement there, the height, which has almost never been problematic. (A popular block explorer recently misimplemented the var-int decode and suffered an outage). And most but not all prior commitment proposals have suggested the same or similar. The exact location is not that critical, however, and we do have several soft-fork compatible options. > It will also make any segwitness fraud proofs significantly larger (merkle > path versus merkle path to coinbase transactions, plus ENTIRE coinbase > transaction, which might be quite large, plus merkle path up to root). Yes, it will make them larger by log2() the number of transaction in a block which is-- say-- 448 bytes. With the coinbase transaction thats another couple kilobytes, I think this is negligible. >From a risk reduction perspective, I think it is much preferable to perform the primary change in a backwards compatible manner, and pick up the data reorganization in a hardfork if anyone even cares. I think thats generally a nice cadence to split up risks that way; and avoid controversy. > We also need to fix the O(n^2) sighash problem as an additional BIP for ANY > blocksize increase. The witness data is never an input to sighash, so no, I don't agree that this holds for "any" increase. > Segwitness will make the current bottleneck (block propagation) a little > worse in the short term, because of the extra fraud-proof data. Benefits > well worth the costs. The fraud proof data is deterministic, full nodes could skip sending it between each other, if anyone cared; but the overhead is pretty tiny in any case. > I think a barrier to quickly getting consensus might be a fundamental > difference of opinion on this: > "Even without them I believe we'll be in an acceptable position with > respect to capacity in the near term" > > The heaviest users of the Bitcoin network (businesses who generate tens of > thousands of transactions per day on behalf of their customers) would > strongly disgree; the current state of affairs is NOT acceptable to them. My message lays out a plan for several different complementary capacity advances; it's not referring to the current situation-- though the current capacity situation is no emergency. I believe it already reflects the emerging consensus in the Bitcoin Core project; in terms of the overall approach and philosophy, if not every specific technical detail. It's not a forever plan, but a pragmatic one that understand that the future is uncertain no matter what we do; one that trusts that we'll respond to whatever contingencies surprise us on the road to success.
RUMA, Serbia -- The first-ever joint Serbian-Russian military exercises have been held at the Nikinci military testing ground outside Belgrade. Although local media were granted access to the event as it got started, Serbian journalists scrambled for information in the run-up to the exercise.
As late as November 13, the day before the one-day exercise, the Serbian military was refusing to comment on it at all.
The Belgrade daily "Danas" reported that "certain structures" within the Serbian military were keeping the drill quiet because "it could cause negative reactions from Western countries, considering the Ukrainian crisis and the current conflict between the EU and Russia."
Ljubodrag Stojadinovic, a former Yugoslav army officer and a military analyst in Belgrade, says the exercise represents a fluctuation in Belgrade's policy of wending between traditional ally Russia and the West. "An eastern wind is blowing around here at the moment," he tells RFE/RL's Balkan Service. "And our leadership, like a windmill, is turning us toward the east. They call it 'pragmatic politics.'"
A Serbian military source told RFE/RL that the exercise, called SREM-2014, stemmed from a 2010 military-cooperation agreement between Serbia and Russia and had nothing to do with the situation in Ukraine.
Serbian Defense Minister Bratislav Gasic also played the event down, saying "we have thousands of exercises all the time" and "there is nothing special here that could be considered a sensation."
In contrast, Russian state media provided lavish and dramatic coverage in the days before the exercise.
On November 10, the website of RT (formerly Russia Today) posted a story on the drill, complete with a video showing Russian armored personnel carriers being airdropped into the testing ground from an Ilyushin Il-76 cargo plane. The video not only was shot from inside the Il-76 and from a camera on the ground, but also from a camera mounted on one of the armored vehicles "that captured its magnificent landing," according to the RT story.
Information about the exercise, which was described as "antiterrorism training," initially came only from Russia's state-run TASS news agency and other Russian media. They reported that paratroops and combat equipment from Russia's Tula region would participate in the exercise.
'A Message Of Power'
Serbia is a traditional ally of Russia's but has been granted European Union candidate status and is actively seeking EU membership. Serbia has also applied for NATO's Partnership for Peace program.
Under the 2010 agreement, Russia and Serbia opened a joint center in the southern town of Nis, about 100 kilometers from the border with Kosovo, with the stated purpose of responding to natural disasters.
Stevan Mirkovic, a retired general of the Yugoslav National Army and a former commander of the 63rd Paratroop Brigade in Nis, says the exercise is part of a trend toward closer relations between the Serbian military and Moscow. "Since the creation of the emergency center in Nis and after the recent military parade in Belgrade [attended by Russian President Vladimir Putin], a lot of things have changed when it comes to the military," he says. "The army is not exclusively facing West right now."
Belgrade military analyst Stojadinovic adds that with the exercises Moscow is trying to let the West know it is a force to be reckoned with. "Moscow's political message is that it has enough power to be present wherever Russia's interests are and that it has enough friends to cooperate with," he says. "Such exercises, like any kind of military move, contain a message of power."
Robert Coalson contributed to this report from Prague
Have you ever wondered what Dark Side of the Moon would sound like if Pink Floyd had written it for NES, instead of for a rock band?
When videogame producer Brad Smith was a kid, he noticed something about his parentsâ old vinyl copy of Pink Floydâs Dark Side of the Moon: The pulsing, looping, synthesized sounds of tunes like âOn the Runâ sounded like theyâd come straight out of the videogames he was obsessed with. âIt surprised me to hear something that sounded close to my games coming from my parentsâ stereoâ
Now Smith, 27, has put the finishing touches on MOON8, a cover version of the entire album created with instruments that mimic the sound hardware of the 8-bit Nintendo Entertainment System. Smithâs offbeat riff on rock gospel belongs to the chiptune sub-genre of electronic music. Such songs are produced on the audio chips of retro electronics, or in software that emulates the old-school hardware.
Listen to MOON8 and youâll feel the soul of the decades-old songs come alive through Smithâs machine-made sounds.
Side One
01 Speak to Me
02 Breathe
03 On the Run
04 Time
05 Breathe Reprises
06 The Great Gig in the Sky
Side Two
07 Money
08 Us And Them
09 Any Colour You Like
10 Brain Damage
11 Eclipse
rainwarrior@gmail.com
Huge thanks for Famitracker, which was used to sequence the whole thing. The sound was rendered with NSFplug. Final editing was done with Audacity. No expansion chips were used; this album works entirely within the limits of the standard North American NES.
http://radiodiscordia.blogspot.com/
http://www.facebook.com/radiodiscordia
discordiacultureshop@gmail.com
http://www.myspace.com/discordiacultureshop
http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=271051943281
Identifier RadioDiscordia027Moon8-8-bitPinkFloydByBradSmith
FREDONIA, Wis. – Taxpayers in Wisconsin's Northern Ozaukee School District are learning a very expensive lesson about public school spending.
Residents of the small town of Fredonia recently learned the district has already spent roughly $167,000 in legal fees on an $8,000 lawsuit over a storm water dispute with a school neighbor, who is also a school board member, Fox6 reports.
Board member and adjacent property owner Kendall Thistle “says it all started back in 2006, when a new residential development caused excess storm water to flow across the school's property and onto his. So Thistle built a berm to protect his farm,” the news site reports.
“The school district says that berm caused flooding on school property” and created a safety hazard for students, and paid $8,000 to fix the problem permanently, according to Fox6.
The district also voted to sue the Thistles to recover the money in February 2011, and the case has been tied up in the courts since. After three years of legal wrangling, ballooning legal costs eventually convinced school board members to drop the lawsuit this May.
Ozaukee County Judge Paul Malloy scolded district officials over the “imprudent” lawsuit this spring, pointing out the obvious fact that it “never should have gotten this far” and the district elected leaders will “need to answer to their electorate,” Fox6 reports.
“Certainly, it's gone on longer than we would like and cost much more than we would like,” the school board's vice president, Stacie Stark, told the news site.
“You have to continually look at the cost-benefit analysis,” superintendent Blake Peuse said.
That's seems like an appropriate comment, had the district ditched the lawsuit once legal fees crested $8,000, but most reasonable taxpayers would agree that spending $167,000 is not a only way out of line, it's financially reckless and stupid.
“My wife and I and our family, we're taxpayers also. And at some point, the elected officials need to held accountable for their actions,” Thistle said.
He believes the district should reimburse him for $80,000 he spent to fight the case, but Malloy denied his motion for the full amount last month, Fox6 reports.
“You should pay our costs for dragging us through this,” Thistle told the news site.
Thistle said he's still considering further legal options, while district officials are hoping to forget about the whole mess.
“It certainly would be nice to place this behind us,” Peuse said.
The Swedish Counterintelligence Säkerhetspolisen (SÄPO) has recently published a story about a Swedish double agent who was the recipient of S10 Bulgarian Betty, an old Czechoslovak number station.
totoCZ comments:
What's interesting is that it's read live, and uses "=" (Equal sign, "Rovná se") instead of "Attention" (Pozor). The shortwave number stations legend, Jochen Schäfer, has confirmed he remembers hearing this old version in the late 1970s.
We've heard a similar recording of S10 like this one before and we can guess the first format of the station was a direct conversion from the CW version - which probably started earlier than in the late 70s.
We've contacted S Ä PO and they told us this is the only recording that's available (for now, I would assume).
The original post by SÄPO and a Swedish news article are not available in English, luckily Wizard2 has provided us with a translation.
http://www.sakerhetspolisen.se/ovrigt/pressrum/aktuellt/aktuellt/2015-01-23-lyssna-pa-ett-hemligt-telegram.html
http://www.svd.se/nyheter/inrikes/sapos-hemliga-radiotelegram_4273023.svd
Listen to a secret telegram
What did a secret spy telegram sound like during the cold war? We have been digging in our archive - and we found a Swedish double agent.
You can listen to what the secret telegram sounded like here
The use of encrypted radio messages was for a long time a common way for communication between the client and the spies. Alf, a co-worker at säkerhetstjänsten (literally security agency) since 1981, gives some backstory to just this secret message.
Thankfully Martin is safe but we're not sure what people are playing at with this picture.
The devastating attacks on Paris on Friday evening have left a reported 128 dead and the world in mourning in the wake of the tragic events.
With Paris being a massive tourist destination, you can imagine that several Brits were in the city during the time of the attacks.
And, with the international break being on and many footballers not on duty with their countries, a number of Premier League performers were free to get some away time from the pressures of football.
And one of those was Crystal Palace defender Martin Kelly, who was in Paris and was out around the times of the attacks, even posting on Instagram.
Official Martin Kelly instagram posted this earlier today. Hope all is well. pic.twitter.com/JMvjVAVRlQ — ㅤ (@Gaitxn) November 13, 2015)
Thankfully, Kelly was announced as being safe by Crystal Palace.
And a picture started doing the rounds of a young man helping aid workers with the injured, that many have claimed to be Kelly.
Crystal Palace's Martin Kelly helping the injured in Paris last night! pic.twitter.com/SVynzacN6r — Football Funnys (@FootballFunnys) November 14, 2015
The picture had initially come from this Twitter user, who later deleted his tweet out of respect:
Had to delete my tweet because it was confirmed that it wasn't him. Don't care if it banged, because the situation is worse — Dudge (@thatpunkdudge) November 14, 2015
However, various sources, including one of Crystal Palace's programme editors who had been in touch with Kelly, have confirmed that it isn't him in these pictures.
Martin Kelly has confirmed to me that this is NOT him. #cpfc #lfc pic.twitter.com/VPYkH2oETY — Jonathon Rogers (@JonnyRogers9) November 14, 2015
New release, which is mainly current state of git HEAD (plus a few fixes). Contains numerous bug-fixes in comparison to 13.5.1 and is last, which follows date-based version convention. It's time to finally release ECL 1.0 ;-).
Development moves to gitorious (https://gitorious.org/embeddable-common-lisp), same as wiki (previous content is inaccessible now, but once subscription is renewed, I'll start to migrate content from there). In GIT topic - current permissions will be preserved. Just drop me a line with gitorious login, and I'll add person on corresponding permission level to project.
Mailing list and website are staying at SF for now, but I'd really like to switch the latter to something more manageable. Also, SF have lately problems with stability, what is quite annoying.
More on maintainer topic:
My name is Daniel Kochmański (you may meet me on IRC and over internet under the nick "jackdaniel") and I'm willing to spare at least a few hours a week for this amazing project to keep it alive. More on progress ideas and myself might be found on mailing list archive - I ask for comments, suggestions and discussion (and forgiveness for some potential dumb ideas I might propose), to develop them better. Also, I do ask for help.
While I will try to set up Linux/Unix environment to check builds and try to fix problems on various operating systems (I'm thinking about putting vagrant in use), I have no access to neither Windows nor OSX environments, so I will have no clue, if any commit will break builds on these. Testers for these platforms are crucial imo.
Best regards,
Daniel
The Disney Parks Blog finished up an amazing live showing of Wishes, the nighttime fireworks spectacular from the Magic Kingdom. It's a very touching show that stirs all kinds of emotions, every single time. However, Wishes will come to an end very soon. Magic Kingdom will end Wishes on May 11th. Have no fear, because an all new nighttime spectacular will take it's place on May 12th.
Tonight Disney showed a very special sneak peek of the new show.
Country star, Angie Keilhauer and Jordan Fisher from Broadway's Hamilton have done the vocals for the new show, which will bring characters and stories to life in all new ways.
While Wishes has been an amazing show, the short clip we've seen of Happily Ever After looks fantastic. The new show will feature tons of Disney movies, all new music and of course fireworks! The new show will premiere on May 12th.
Stay tuned for more from Disney, and be sure to get social with us on Facebook and follow along with us on Twitter @BehindThrills for the latest updates!
For our latest theme park videos please be sure to subscribe to us on YouTube!
For more information about Walt Disney World, including tickets, visit
Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, greets a supporter after announcing his candidacy for the Republican presidential nomination March 23 in Lynchburg, Va. (Photo11: Paul J. Richards, AFP/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — Two months after staging a marathon Senate speech to protest the growth of government spending, Sen. Ted Cruz took a New York fundraising swing highlighted by a visit with Donald Trump — and put it on the taxpayers' tab.
The trip, which cost more than $1,200, was one of several taxpayer-funded excursions the Texas Republican has taken to political events.
Senate rules mandate that official funds — allocated to each senator to operate their Capitol Hill office — "may only be used for official purposes," and "No official resources may be used to conduct campaign activities," according to the Senate Ethics Committee.
CLOSE Texas Sen. Ted Cruz grants his first one-on-one interview since announcing he's running for president in 2016. VPC
In the wake of his announcement last month that he is running for president, Cruz's use of his Senate office funds demonstrates how murky the line can be between official and political travel. USA TODAY recently tracked similar trips taken by Hillary Clinton, who may also be a presidential contender in 2016. During her Senate tenure, Clinton traveled on the taxpayer dime to several "official" events sponsored by political backers as she geared up for her 2008 presidential bid.
"For mixed-purpose trips, the Senate encourages offices to divide expenses based on a reasonable standard. Sen. Cruz has gone above and beyond any reasonable standard for determining official vs. unofficial costs. He places the utmost priority on ensuring prudent use of taxpayer dollars," campaign spokesman Rick Tyler said.
Cruz did not announce the Trump visit on his office website. A report in Politico the day before the visit quoted an unnamed Cruz spokeswoman as noting that Trump and Cruz were friends and met during "some downtime in NYC" for Cruz during a fundraising tour.
His campaign defended Cruz's use of taxpayer money for the travel, noting that he did official business on the trip. Cruz appeared in-studio that Friday afternoon on the Fox News program Happening Now — though he had been on other Fox programs several days earlier from Washington. Tyler said Cruz paid for non-official expenses of the New York trip out of his own pocket.
During an appearance in July 2013 at the Western Conservative Summit in Denver, Cruz invited guests to join his grass-roots movement to "take this country back" and to "take out your cellphone and text the word 'growth' to 33733," which sent the texts back to Cruz's campaign website.
Cruz and the regional director of his Dallas Senate office spent at least $800 in taxpayer money to travel to the conference, a Western version of the bigger Conservative Political Action Conference held near Washington each year.
The senator asked attendees to sign a petition to defund President Obama's signature health care law, giving a Web address run by the Senate Conservatives Fund, a super PAC that spent heavily in 2014 elections to elect conservative candidates.
Cruz repeated this refrain at other events that year. The same month as the New York trip, Cruz spoke at a "Restoration Weekend" event in Palm Beach, Fla., hosted by the David Horowitz Freedom Center, a conservative organization that says it "combats the efforts of the radical left and its Islamist allies to destroy American values and disarm this country as it attempts to defend itself in a time of terror."
He urged the audience to join a grass-roots movement and log on to a website — makedclisten.org — to upload their stories about the problems caused by Obamacare. That site was operated by Cruz's PAC, the Jobs, Growth and Freedom Fund, which maintains a "makeDClisten" Twitter account.
Cruz and senior adviser Charles Roy were both reimbursed from his Senate office for travel expenses to Palm Beach and nearby Fort Lauderdale during this time period, but there is no way to determine what portion of that $2,300 expense is related to the Restoration Weekend appearance. Cruz's PAC reported spending $1,554 at the Breakers, the hotel where the conference was held, indicating Cruz divided political and official expenses that weekend.
In February 2014, Cruz was back in Florida, again on the taxpayers' expense, to receive the Statesman of the Year award by the Sarasota Republican Party. Breitbart News described it this way: "An event originally scheduled as a small rally for potential 2016 presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) mushroomed into a major political event after nearly 2,000 people RSVP'd online." According to Breitbart, after the award ceremony, "Cruz will attend a $500 per person VIP fundraiser and, to wrap up the evening, a $5,000 per couple private donor dinner," benefiting the local party.
Cruz was reimbursed from his office account for $1,615 in travel costs from Houston to Tampa and Palm Beach, Fla., during that period, Senate records show.
Under Senate rules, "it is very easy to classify something that is a political event in front of political supporters as not being a campaign event and being part of your official duties," said Bill Allison, senior fellow at the Sunlight Foundation, a non-profit group that advocates government transparency. "As long as they never use the magic words, 'Will you vote for me?' "
Any trip paid for with public money should have "some kind of official public component," said Sheila Krumholz, executive director of the watchdog Center for Responsive Politics. This would be particularly relevant for Cruz, Krumholz said, because he has "inveighed against wasteful government spending."
"I think we have a deep spending problem in this country, and Congress had abdicated its responsibility and built a record debt," Cruz said in a 21-hour speech on the Senate floor in September 2013 to protest raising the federal debt ceiling and not repealing the Affordable Care Act.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1IU66qO
Among the many anxieties inspired by the rise of Trump, one of the most profound is his fondness for generals. Does naming so many retired military men to top positions undermine the principal of civilian control? How might their shared experiences in our post-9/11 conflicts shape the way they govern? This week, award-winning defense reporter James Kitfield takes us in depth with profiles of Jim Mattis, John Kelly, and Mike Flynn. Today, Kitfield starts the series with a look at Trump's generals as a group. Besides Trump, what do they all have in common? The answer is one word: war. — the editors
The generals likely to hold top positions in the incoming Trump administration share a common trait: They are combat veterans highly attuned to looming threats.
While it's raised eyebrows in terms of traditional civil-military relations, president-elect Donald Trump's decision to lean heavily on generals in building his national security team has been received with sighs of relief by many foreign policy and national security experts. By the nature of their profession, senior military leaders tend to be pragmatic internationalists who know how to run large organizations. They understand from experience how the world works. They are generally disciplined and well-read. Having come of age on the battlefields of Afghanistan and Iraq, these generals are also intimately familiar with the horrors of war, and the second- and third-order consequences of firing the first shot.
“Given the huge amount of uncertainty over the composition of Trump's national security team, I do think the announcement of a top spot for a general like Jim Mattis has been greeted widely with sighs of relief,” said Richard Fontaine, president of the Center for a New American Security in Washington. “As a rule, you might like to see more civilians in these jobs, but these are pretty exceptional times in the political life of the United States, and if the best people for these jobs turn out to be former military officers, so be it.”
Indeed, the generals likely to form the top ranks of a Trump administration are among the most renowned wartime commanders of their generation. As the presumptive Secretary of Defense, retired Marine Corps General Jim “Mad Dog” Mattis will have as his chief military adviser Marine Corps General Joseph “Fighting Joe” Dunford, appointed by Obama as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Both flag officers earned their nicknames the old fashioned way during multiple combat tours. They are also close to retired Marine Corps General John Kelly, another combat veteran and the former commander of US Southern Command, who will reportedly serve as Trump's Secretary of Homeland Security. According to a knowledgeable source, it was Mattis who took upon himself the heartbreaking task of telling John Kelly that his son, 1st Lieutenant Robert Michael Kelly, had been killed in Afghanistan in 2010.
A more controversial choice is incoming National Security Adviser and retired Army Lt. General Michael Flynn. Before heading the Defense Intelligence Agency, Flynn served for years as the intelligence chief for Joint Special Operations Command in Iraq and later the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan. In both jobs his boss was General Stanley McChrystal, another name floated by the Trump transition team for a possible role in the new administration. When McChrystal was fired as the top commander in Afghanistan in 2010 for intemperate remarks by his staff to a Rolling Stone reporter, he was replaced by General David Petraeus, the hero of the Iraq “surge” who until recently was on the shortlist for Trump's Secretary of State. Both Flynn and Petraeus, in turn, are personally close to retired Army General Jack Keane, the former Army vice chief of staff and a backroom architect of the Iraq surge campaign who said he turned down Trump's offer to become Secretary of Defense, opening the way for Mattis.
Not Exactly Patton
At his rallies, Trump likes to describe Jim “Mad Dog” Mattis as a reincarnation of pugnacious World War II commander General George Patton. But it would be a mistake and disservice to characterize this unique group of wartime field commanders as reactionary, warmongering, or incapable of compromise. The lesson most senior military leaders took from Afghanistan and especially Iraq was the danger of the US military being overly committed to a mission without the sufficient backing of the rest of the US government, or of the American public. The Joint Chiefs thus generally shared President Obama's reluctance, for instance, to get heavily involved in the Syrian civil war.
Those who fear an intemperate cabal of militaristic generals should recall that General Petraeus designed the more holistic and humanistic counterinsurgency strategy in Iraq and Afghanistan, which turned the tide in those conflicts not by focusing on killing insurgents and terrorists — “kinetics” — but rather by protecting the civilian populations and nation-building — “clear, hold and build.”
“There was no foundation whatsoever for the argument that we could have succeeded in Iraq or Afghanistan with a counterterrorism strategy alone,” Petraeus told me in an interview for my recent book Twilight Warriors: The Soldiers, Spies and Special Agents Who Are Revolutionizing the American War of War (Basic Books, 2016). “That's just man-hunting, and you can hunt men all day long and the enemy is going to keep regenerating. That's why you have to clear territory and hold it.”
After building the greatest terrorist-hunting network in history at Joint Special Operations Command, Generals McChrystal and Flynn famously got into a tug-of-war with the White House in 2009, when they insisted that killing terrorists and insurgents would not by itself be a war-winning strategy in Afghanistan. “I felt like a victim of our own counterterrorism successes at JSOC, because after Iraq no one wanted to touch the stove again in terms of another COIN (counterinsurgency) campaign in Afghanistan,” McChrystal told me in an interview for my book. “I know I irritated some people, and it became a great friction point, but I had to keep insisting that you can't kill your way out of the situation we faced in Afghanistan.”
Serving together in Iraq, Generals Mattis and Kelly learned the same lesson. “In places in our area of responsibility where things were not going well, and violence was up, it was almost always because US commanders were being too kinetic,” Kelly told me in an interview. “If you go into a situation like that with a kinetic attitude, you're acting as a hammer and suddenly everything looks like a nail.”
As the commander of 1st Marine Division in Iraq, Mattis famously popularized its motto “no better friend, no worse enemy.” He also had Middle East experts offer his Marines cultural sensitivity training. As the Los Angeles Times reported, Mattis instructed his troops that “Whenever you show anger or disgust toward civilians, it's a victory for al-Qaeda and other insurgents,” and “Every time you wave at an Iraqi civilian, al-Qaeda rolls over in its grave.”
As the former chief intelligence officer for the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, Flynn wrote a controversial article criticizing the intelligence community for focusing too narrowly on targeting insurgents and terrorists, and not enough on understanding the broader cultural context of the conflict. He also pushed back on the Obama administration's narrative that killing Osama bin Laden and many of his top lieutenants had “decimated” Al Qaeda.
“We killed a lot of Al Qaeda leaders, whether it was Abu Musab Zarqawi [Al Qaeda in Iraq], Anwar al-Awlaki [Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula], or Osama bin Laden [core Al Qaeda], but the groups kept fighting,” Flynn told me in an interview. “That convinced me that taking out the leadership was not a war-winning strategy.”
If this group of veteran combat leaders belie cigar-chomping stereotypes, their wartime experiences have made them hyper-attuned to growing threats now confronting the United States, an array of challenges that is arguably more complex and varied than at any time since World War II. In terms of President-elect Trump's picks of generals for top posts, another common thread unites them: Generals Mattis, Kelly and Flynn each became embroiled in disagreements with the Obama White House over the urgency of looming threats, specifically from Iran, ISIS and at a porous southern border. Their pasts may well act as prologue, foreshadowing Trump foreign and national security policy.
Over the next three days, we'll delve into personal profiles of Trump's top three generals turned statesmen:
General (retired) James Mattis, the prospective Secretary of Defense;
Lt. Gen. (ret.) Michael Flynn, named as National Security Advisor; and
Gen. (ret.) John Kelly, tapped as Secretary of Homeland Security.
Insects for dinner? Adelaide researchers to gauge Australians' attitudes towards eating bugs
Posted
Can Australians ever be persuaded to throw a cockroach on the barbie?
Adelaide researchers are about to ask that very question to gauge if insects could become the hot new protein on Australian dinner plates.
Associate Professor Kerry Wilkinson, from the University of Adelaide, said the team were seeking consumers' attitudes to eating insects in an online survey.
Perceptions towards a range of insects, like crickets, mealworms, ants and cockroaches, and products containing insect-based ingredients like high protein flours and powders will be measured along with sensory properties and nutritional profiles.
"Edible insects are actually chock full of protein and many of the essential vitamins and nutrients and fatty acids that we need," Associate Professor Wilkinson said.
Insects are good sources of protein, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats, fibre, vitamins, minerals and carbohydrates.
Researchers also say in an increasingly crowded world insects are cheap to raise and feed and could be an emerging agricultural industry.
"Growth in the middle-classes of developing countries has significantly increased global demand for high quality animal protein, while concerns over food security have stimulated interest in alternate sources of protein," she said.
"Even if the domestic market completely rejects edible insects, it's quite possible that other countries around the world may look to Australia as a source of these edible insects," she said.
Insects form part of traditional diets in many developing countries but Associate Professor Wilkinson said there had been few attempts to evaluate consumer perception towards edible insects.
"To support this emerging agricultural industry, research is needed to look at ways of overcoming barriers to insect consumption in Australia and enhancing consumer acceptance of both edible insects and products containing insect-based ingredients," she said.
Certain insects may appeal to people seeking "superior nutritional content" but researchers concede the main challenge is to make the insects more appetising.
They believe a chocolate or chilli coating could help persuade uncommitted consumers, because on their own inspects can be bland and crunchy.
If that does not catch on, the bugs can be grounded into flour to make bread and biscuits.
Honours student Crystal Bayldon said eating insects could catch on in Australia.
"I think it definitely has the potential to become more popular in Australia, we've seen in other countries it's started to become a more mainstream and accepted practice," she said.
Topics: research, offbeat, human-interest, adelaide-5000, sa, australia
Police officers surround the suspect in Riverton, Wyo., on Saturday. (Tibby McDowell/Riverton Ranger via AP)
According to police, Roy Clyde walked into the Center of Hope detox facility in Riverton, Wyo., on Saturday through a back door. He passed staff members as he made his way to the area where clients would be then approached two men lying on mattresses and shot them in the head.
Clyde called 911 to report the shooting, and a short time later, police caught up with him on the streets, according to the Associated Press.
One man who had been shot was wounded. The other was killed.
Police say that Clyde, a 32-year-old Riverton parks employee and volunteer firefighter, told investigators that he followed through on long-held plans to carry out killings targeting people he called “park rangers” — homeless men who wandered public parks drinking alcohol.
“He went hunting for people,” Fremont County prosecuting attorney Patrick LeBrun said during a court appearance, according to County 10 news. “There's no other way to say it.”
[Suspect in ‘horrific' mass killing arrested in October murder of 2-year-old boy]
Roy Clyde has been charged with murder and attempted murder. (Riverton Police Department)
Clyde went looking for them in a place he thought they might be: a facility dedicated to helping people recover from substance abuse. The center had been praised for helping the city of Riverton make progress on the problem of public intoxication in the city's parks.
Nearby, at the Wind River Indian Reservation, alcohol is illegal. According to the AP, the Northern Arapaho Tribe confirmed that both shooting victims were members of the tribe, which calls the Wind River Indian Reservation home.
[Four Marines and gunman killed in Tennessee shooting that officials call ‘domestic terrorism']
According to Riverton police detective Scott Peters, Clyde claimed that the shootings weren't racially motivated; he said “that his decision was not race-based and that he was targeting transient people regardless of race,” Peters wrote in court documents filed in the case, according to County 10 News. “He specifically indicated that if he had encountered white people meeting his criteria, he would have killed them as well.”
There is no indication that the victims — or anyone else inside the Center of Hope facility — were homeless at the time of the shooting, according to the AP.
“People who enter and exit there have reached the point of brokenness or addiction,” noted Heath Steel, the vice president for operations for Volunteers of America, which operates the facility, according to County 10 news.
Employees at the facility and clients locked themselves in the bathroom when the shooting started, police said, according to the AP.
Employees aren't guards, added Steel, but they “followed policy and saved lives that afternoon.”
Clyde is being held without bond and has been charged with first-degree murder and first-degree attempted murder.
The Clyde will build 5 Offshore Patrol vessels, 8 Type 26 Frigates and assemble “at least” 5 Type 31 Frigates, an increase over what was previously promised.
ARTICLE UPDATED TO REFLECT RECENT ORDER
Work on building eight Type 26 frigates at Clyde shipyards will begin in a few weeks as the first batch of 3 (out of a a total of 8 of the type) have been ordered.
Warships of this size and complexity are ordered in batches. The Type 45 Destroyer was ordered in batches, why should the Type 26 Frigate be any different?
As we predicted before the announcement that the first batch of Type 26 Frigates were ordered, some groups have taken the batch build process to indicate a cut. They are wrong.
Ordering in batches is common for projects of this size around the world and was last seen with the Royal Navy for the Type 45 Destroyers and recent Offshore Patrol Vessels. The Type 45s first batch order was for three vessels just like Type 26 and steel is to be cut on the first ship in Glasgow in the coming weeks.
Michael Fallon said cutting the first steel would help secure new investment and safeguard hundreds of skilled jobs until 2035.
An independent report into the National Shipbuilding Strategy by Sir John Parker has also recommended that the Type 31 Frigate build be spread across the UK, with blocks being constructed in yards in both Scotland and England.
The National Shipbuilding Strategy is intended to be a “radical, fundamental re-appraisal of how we undertake the shipbuilding enterprise in the UK, intending to place UK naval shipbuilding on a sustainable long term footing”.
Sir John Parker's independent report designed to inform the strategy was released. The government say they will give Sir John's work the full consideration that it deserves and will provide a full and detailed response in the spring 2017.
In November, after confirming that the Type 26 Frigate would be built on the Clyde, Michael Fallon also indicated that the Type 31 Frigate will be assembled there too.
Michael Fallon told BBC Radio Scotland:
“Nobody is shortchanging the Clyde. This is a huge moment for the Clyde; we're confirming we're going ahead with the steel cut next summer, earlier than expected. The first eight will be the Type 26 combat ships.
After that, the Clyde will be building a lighter frigate and we will end up with a fleet that is larger than the fleet at the moment.”
It's understood that the build plan for the Type 31 Frigate will follow a similar pattern to that of the Queen Elizabeth carriers and early Type 45 Destroyers in that blocks will be built in yards around the UK and assembled on the Clyde.
Additionally, it was announced recently that “preparatory work” has started on the fourth of five new Offshore Patrol Vessels being built on the Clyde.
It is understood that the yards on the Clyde will now build 18 vessels of varying types, instead of the originally promised 13.
The two additional Offshore Patrol Vessels, hulls four and five, were announced as part of the last Strategic Defence & Security Review. The first of the five new vessels, HMS Forth, is expected to be handed over to the Royal Navy in 2017.
The Offshore Patrol Vessels had been ordered to fill a gap in orders after the second carrier and before the Type 26 frigates begin construction.
The vessels will be used by the Royal Navy to undertake various tasks including border protection roles, including anti-smuggling, anti-piracy, fisheries patrols, and immigration law enforcement.
This comes as a report has found that the Scottish economy ‘cannot do without' naval shipbuilding contracts. The crucial importance of Royal Navy shipbuilding contracts to the Scottish economy has been laid bare in a report commissioned by GMB Scotland.
An economic analysis of the Scottish defence sector by the Fraser of Allander Institute revealed that 5,943 jobs and £162.7 million in wages are supported by BAE's yards on the Upper Clyde; and 3,870 jobs and £105.9 million in wages are supported by the Rosyth dockyard in Fife.
The report also presents a challenge for the Scottish Government to demonstrate how they would sustain these jobs and wages in the absence of MoD contracts in a future independent Scotland.
GMB Scotland Secretary Gary Smith said:
“This report was commissioned following the delays to the type-26 programme and because of the long-term frustrations felt by our members across the sector after years of being used as a political football.
One job on the Upper Clyde alone supports an additional 1.18 jobs across Scotland so for the future of Scottish shipbuilding and our long-term economic prosperity it is imperative that the UK government makes good on the promised frigate programme.
Furthermore, and with a second independence referendum a real possibility, the Scottish government needs to demonstrate to our members how they would plan to sustain their jobs, wages, pensions, skills and local communities without MoD investment.
This report is a reality check and shows that the fragile Scottish economy cannot do without the thousands of jobs and hundreds of millions of pounds in wages supported by navy shipbuilding contracts.”
The issue of UK naval contracts on the Clyde has become controversial after the 2014 Independence Referendum and even more so recently when several parties indicated that the work would not go to an independent country.
“No warships would have been built on the Clyde, because the United Kingdom Government would not have chosen to build them there.”
The full statement was made by then Minister for Defence Equipment, Support and Technology Phillip Dunne in response to a question from Brendan O'Hara, MP for Argyll and Bute, regarding the Type 26 frigates.
“What I can confirm to the hon. Gentleman is that, had the independence vote gone the way that he and his colleagues would have liked, no warships would have been built on the Clyde, because the United Kingdom Government would not have chosen to build them there; we made that very clear.
As it is, as I have just confirmed to the House, we will be proceeding with the construction of eight complex Type 26 warships on the Clyde as and when the programme is ready.”
The original plan for the frigate fleet as mentioned above had been 8 anti-submarine warfare variants and 5 general purpose variants, this remains largely unchanged except for the specification and type of the later five vessels.
All will be built on the Clyde.
Lucas Perez is edging closer to a first team return after partaking in a light session at first team training ahead of the match with PSG.
The Spaniard suffered ankle ligament damage just over a month ago in the 2-0 EFL Cup win over Reading and subsequently missed the matches with Sunderland, Ludogorets, Sp*rs and Manchester United.
It's likely the striker won't be ready for another week, meaning he'll miss three more games, however, he could challenge for a squad position when Arsene Wenger's men travel to the London Stadium to face West Ham on 3 December.
Arseblog News' resident Arsenal youth expert, Jeorge Bird, also reports that Chris Willock and Gedion Zelalem trained with the first team ahead of tomorrow's Champions League group decider. We'll have more team news later.
The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday said he wants Donald Trump Jr. to testify before the committee, following emails showing Trump Jr. met with a Russian lawyer he believed would provide dirt on Hillary Clinton as part of a Russian government effort to aide his father's campaign.
“What would you want to ask him or learn about?” CNN's Manu Raju asked Grassley Thursday. “Why is this under your committee's jurisdiction?”
“Well, very much because our oversight of the Justice Department,” Grassley said. “And I think it's just — it's raised a lot of questions, but the real way that I feel comfortable inviting him is ever since I've — ever since President Trump was elected, it seems like every conversation that has come from somebody in the family where there's been some sort of issue, they've seemed always to be very, very open, and I just think that he would welcome the opportunity to say whatever he wants to say.”
“Would you subpoena him” if he did not agree to testify voluntarily? Raju asked.
“Let's wait and see what he does for, from our letter,” Grassley responded before walking away.
Taylor Foy, a spokesman for the Judiciary Committee, told TPM in an email that the committee had not yet sent an invitation to Trump Jr. to testify.
In emails Trump Jr. released just before a New York Times report on them Tuesday, the then-candidate's son is seen responding enthusiastically to the promise of dirt on Hillary Clinton as part of a Russian government effort to aide his father's 2016 presidential campaign.
After Trump Jr. published the emails, several senators on both sides of the aisle in the Senate Intelligence and Judiciary committees said the Trump scion should testify about the resulting June 9 meeting between him, Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort, and the Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya.
On Wednesday, the Des Moines Register reported, Grassley told Iowa reporters on a press call that he intended to bring Manafort in front of the committee to answer questions.
This post has been updated.
In a surprising turn of events, organizers of the BDS movement (Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions) have announced that the internationally recognized political representative of the Palestinians – the Palestinian Authority (PA) – will become a target of their activities. The BDS movement, originally a place where anti-Semites could hide behind a more civil banner, is dedicated to convincing people, governments, and corporations that Israel is worth thinking about in their spare time. Though with the attempt at boycotting Matisyahu (a Jewish, but not Israeli reggae rapper) in Spain, it appears that BDS is collecting controversies like Jews collect pennies (to put it in terms they'd understand). Despite this questionable position, support for BDS remains strong, leading many followers to wonder about their newest announcement concerning the PA.
RELATED: Jewish Rapper Matisyahu Pulls Out of Spanish Festival after Organizers Refuse to Condemn Inquisition
“The PA has all the hallmarks of an organization we'd like to boycott,” BDS leader Jon Katz told The Mideast Beast. “The PA does business with Israel, works on joint projects with Israel, many of the people it represents work in Israel and for Israelis. Just look at a map- it's even touching Israel. I have to tell you, it makes me sick.” Katz hopes to see international support for the PA evaporate, and as a result, Israel along with it. “When you really think about it, the Israeli military industrial complex needs the PA; how could they justify buying so many guns for shooting civilians without an enemy to fight?” And with this point, the logic of the argument is revealed like the horns on a Jew when taking off his hat.
Although both parties will deny it, stamp collectors have a lot in common with some hardcore car fans. Think of the obsessive attention to detail, the arcane knowledge of products last usefully seen in operation decades ago, the desire to spend weekends with like-minded individuals discussing ephemera that send the rest of the world to sleep.
So what better than some Top Gear stamps! Issued by the Isle of Man post office (sometime home to Jeremy)! The run consists of these six beauties - based on some of our more bizarre and ingenious motoring challenges over the years.
They're officially released on 5 November. You can find out more and buy the usual presentation sets at www.iomstamps.com.
Were you aware, until today, that there existed a stamp for the precise sum of £1.82?
Now a senior faculty member at Mount Sinai Hospital, and recently named New York City's assistant health commissioner in charge of HIV, Daskalakis, 40, has undeniable gravitas lurking beneath his boyish features. He recently began to collate lessons learned from those odd office hours at Paddles into a research paper published last month in LGBT Health, which shows that men at high risk for HIV may misjudge their vulnerability to the deadly disease.
“HIV risk has been swept under the carpet by medical providers,” Daskalakis says. “This study informs providers that HIV risk assessment needs to be a priority.”
But long before Paddles and published papers, the Harvard-educated infectious disease doctor was a public health advocate, searching for better ways to help the growing number of men who engage in high-risk sexual behaviors.
“Demetre works 24/7,” says Michael Macneal, Daskalakis's husband of three years. “When I met him, he was already doing outreach in the gay community, passing out condoms and performing HIV tests.”
Macneal, a wiry fitness instructor with no formal medical training, helps out by sorting through piles of paperwork and following Daskalakis into nightclubs, standing guard outside his husband's private medical consultations.
Daskalakis grew up in Arlington, Virginia, but felt drawn to the big city from a young age, so he enrolled in Columbia University immediately after high school. Daskalakis recalls the day that his parents drove him up to Columbia. “We crossed the George Washington Bridge, there was a car on fire and a dead dog in the gutter. My father said, ‘Are you sure?' and I said ‘Keep on going!'”
As a student, Daskalakis's maverick taste for the unknown brought him to Manhattan's East Village on many a weeknight, where his brushes with LGBT nightlife would ultimately shape his perspective in caring for a diverse patient population. “I learned my bedside manner from East Village drag queens,” he jokes.
Although he followed a pre-medical curriculum while at Columbia, by his senior year Daskalakis was still unsure of what field of medicine he would pursue. But that changed once he became involved in a student-run campaign to bring AIDS awareness to the campus. The centerpiece of the event was the display of a patch from the NAMES Project's AIDS Memorial Quilt, and the task of flying to San Francisco to pick up the artwork fell to Daskalakis.
Daskalakis says he felt as though he was transporting the legacy of the millions who had succumbed to HIV and AIDS. “It was a surreal experience. Here this quilt was just a rug, but I was carrying it through the airport [as] a shroud,” he says.
Only days later, still jet-lagged from his cross-country flight, Daskalakis attended the memorial ceremony at Columbia. “I remember being very tired, and just saying ‘This shouldn't happen any more. I have to make sure this doesn't happen any more.'”
It is no longer possible to deny that Europe still has a “Jewish problem”. In France, synagogues have been firebombed. In Germany, chants of “Hamas, Hamas, Jews to the gas!” have been heard. The British Jewish community, too, is reporting a spike in antisemitic incidents – most thankfully non-violent – in a nasty spillover of anger over Gaza. “Free Gaza” was spray-painted onto a Brighton synagogue; a “child murderers” sign affixed to a synagogue in Surrey. This nastiness permeates polite society too: in sympathising with David Ward MP's pro-Hamas comments, former Lib Dem MEP Edward McMillan-Scott derided the Board of Deputies of British Jews as “a frightful bag of disputatious Jews”.
Perhaps no wonder that Newsweek's cover story last week had the chilling headline: “Exodus: why Europe's Jews are fleeing once again”.
Critics of Israeli policy might say that only Zionists, not all Jews, should be facing reproach for the operation in Gaza. But the anti-Jewish backlash – aimed at Jewish, not specifically Zionist, targets – has, ironically, reminded many Jews precisely why they need a safe and secure Jewish homeland in the first place – the essence of Zionism.
Why has the conflict in Gaza caused such a frightening reaction on the streets of Europe? One answer is that the media attention has been excessive, exaggerated beyond all reasonable proportions, and it is this which encourages outbursts of anger by appealing to the public's emotions. Tiny Israel ranks fifth in the list of foreign countries most reported on by the Guardian. Gaza is an important news story – but the wall-to-wall coverage leaves many scratching their heads. Nobody seems to recall similar attention devoted to the far greater civilian casualties of the UK's operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Why the disproportionate coverage of Israel? “Jews are news” many say, with a shrug. But this obsession with Israel's conduct tacitly encourages the easy slide into hostility towards Jews.
First, the reporting gives the false impression that the situation in Gaza, though tragic, is uniquely horrific. Compare it to the silence surrounding Isis's frightening rampage through Iraq: Mosul has been emptied of its ancient Christian community; hundreds of thousands of Yezidis have been cleansed from Nineveh province. Compare it also to coverage of the plight of Palestinians in Syria, where thousands of Palestinians have been killed and the Yarmouk refugee camp remains under siege. How many newspaper front pages have been devoted to these events?
The problem is not helped by hyperbole: one report on Sky News even compared the Gaza operation to the nuclear attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Moreover, the flood of heartbreaking images of dead children addles the brain: Israel's protestations that it does more than any other army to avoid civilian casualties are simply laughed off. Israel is painted as irredeemably evil; its friends, accomplices in crime. I cannot count the number of times I have been told that if I am a Zionist – which means no more than believing that Israel has a right to exist – that means I must support the murder of children.
Second, much of the media have failed to seriously engage with Israel's moral and strategic dilemmas, assuming instead that Israel deliberately seeks civilian casualties. Perhaps it is taken for granted that liberal democratic Israel should be held to higher standards than an internationally recognised terrorist group. But the incessant opprobrium can easily give the impression that Israel alone is at fault – as if Hamas were not indiscriminately firing missiles at Israeli civilians, and digging tunnels to abduct or massacre them. This induces people to see the conflict in black and white: Palestinians, good; Israelis, bad. Hence the curious paradox whereby Israel's detractors no longer expect better of Israel – they think it kills children for sport – but still assign it a disproportionate share of the blame, giving Hamas a free pass. The anti-Jewish backlash follows, as Jews are perceived as supporting action that is patently and unquestionably wrong.
Sometimes the hyperbole gets close to incitement. When people accuse Israel of “genocide”, invoking the Holocaust or likening Gaza to a “concentration camp” or wielding placards that equate the Star of David – a Jewish symbol as well as an Israeli one – with the swastika, they reveal a deep ignorance of both the past and present. As Dave Rich of the Community Security Trust has argued: “It's a totally false comparison that plays on Jewish sensibilities in order to provoke a reaction. Another word for that is Jew-baiting.”
It is no less disturbing to find the casual use of classically antisemitic tropes for example accusations that the Jews control the media or governments or that they thirst for gentile blood. The Everyday Antisemitism Project, which I established two weeks into the current round of conflict to expose this phenomenon, overflows with examples of anti-Israel rage expressed through traditional anti-Jewish stereotypes and tropes.
Sometimes these tropes are applied euphemistically to “Zionists”, but the euphemism isn't fooling anyone. To Jews, aware that these have been the staple motifs of Jew-hatred over many years, they press too many buttons.
Of course Israel deserves criticism: it would not be such a vibrant democracy without it. But those rightly concerned by civilian deaths should be careful not to allow emotion to override their reason, to treat the conflict in simplistic terms, or to slip into language and images associated with classical antisemitism. The lessons of history are all too plain when the perceived iniquities of a certain population develop an obsessive grip on the public imagination.
SPIEGEL: Chinese fighter jets have been flying over islands in the East China Sea since November, a few weeks ago a Chinese spacecraft landed on the moon -- and now a Chinese helicopter rescued a group of tourists in Antarctica. China is looking pretty strong and powerful these days.
Ai: That only makes it more dangerous. If a master, a wise and experienced man, wields a great weapon, that's beautiful. He can serve peace with it. But if someone's emotions are imbalanced, even if he has the best equipment, he will still mean danger. Modern technology requires calm. You shouldn't trust anyone with a car who has no knowledge about vehicles or roads.
SPIEGEL: So China's political leadership doesn't have its feelings under control?
Ai: The whole system -- not just the political leadership, the military too, the whole power structure, our education system, the whole of society -- is suffering from being cut off from the free flow of information. That's why the country can't face up to open competition -- unless it resorts to measures like North Korea.
SPIEGEL: What's wrong with China's education system? According to the OECD's most recent Pisa study, an international ranking of education systems, students in Shanghai are the world's best in arithmetic, natural sciences and in reading.
Ai: I think our system is hollow and empty. Let's talk about humanity, individualism, imagination and creativity -- those are the values a society is built on. What education are we getting, what dreams do we dream? I deal with students every day -- from China, Germany, the United States, Hong Kong and Taiwan. And I've noticed that the Chinese students are the least trained in having a sense of aesthetics. They lack any ability to sense what is beautiful or what is proper. They can be learned and skillful, but they lack the ability to make their own free judgment. It is really sad to see young adults of 20, 25 years who were never taught to make their own decisions. People who can't do that don't get a sense of responsibility. And if you lack a sense of responsibility, you push the blame onto the system.
SPIEGEL: Why are you put under such manic surveillance? There are more than a dozen cameras around your house.
Ai: There's a unit, I think it's called "Office 608," which follows people with certain categories and degrees of surveillance. I am sure I am in the top one. They don't just tap my telephone, check my computer and install their cameras everywhere -- they're even after me when I'm walking in the park with my son.
SPIEGEL: What do the people who observe you want to find out, what don't they know yet?
Ai: A year ago, I got a bit aggressive and pulled the camera off one of them. I took out the memory card and asked him if he was a police officer. He said "No." Then why are you following me and constantly photographing me? He said, "No, I never did." I said, "OK, go back to your boss and tell him I want to talk to him. And if you keep on following me, then you should be a bit more careful and make sure that I don't notice." I was really curious to see what he had on that memory card.
SPIEGEL: And?
Ai: I was shocked because he had photographed the restaurant I had eaten in the previous day from all angles: every room, the cash till, the corridor, the entrance from every angle, every table. I asked myself: Gosh, why do they have to go to so much trouble? Then there were photos of my driver, first of him sitting on a park bench, then a portrait from the front, a portrait from the back, his shoes, from the left, from the right, then me again, then my stroller.
SPIEGEL: And he was only one out of several people who follow you?
Ai: Yes. They must have a huge file on me. But when I gave him back the camera, he asked me not to post a photo of his face on the Internet.
SPIEGEL: The person monitoring you asked not to be exposed?
Ai: Yes. He said he had a wife and children, so I fulfilled his wish. Later I went through the photos we had taken years before at the Great Wall -- and there he was again, the same guy. That often happens to me, because I always take so many photos: I keep recognizing my old guards.
SPIEGEL: Is it possible to get used to being watched so closely and permanently?
Ai: The way I do it is very simple: When I counted that they had installed 15 cameras around my house, I decided to install four further cameras inside my home -- one in my bedroom, one at my desk and so on. I thought: If you want to know everything about me, then I'll broadcast and show everything to you. Then I went live with the webcams.
SPIEGEL: Do you consider that to be art or politics?
Ai: Both, I applied their tactics in order to push them into another more philosophical light and to wait and see what happened. It didn't take long for them to call and ask me to please turn off the cameras. I said: "You want to know what I'm doing. Hundreds of thousands of others want to know as well and have been following me for days." It became a big event. They said: "Please turn off the cameras." I asked them if it was a suggestion or an order -- it turned out it was an order. Then I switched them off.
SPIEGEL: The Internet is strictly censored in China, but it is still brimming with ideas and criticism.
Ai: That's why the Internet is the best thing that ever happened to China. It turns us into individuals and also enables us to share our perceptions and feelings. It creates a culture of individualism and exchange even though the real society doesn't promote it. There isn't a single Chinese university that can invite me to give a talk. Even though I know there are many students who would like to hear what I have to say.
SPIEGEL: How do these limitations affect your work?
Ai: It doesn't really affect me because I work and live in the Internet. My virtual life has become my real life. I was reminded of that again a few days ago: I asked my colleagues to print out everything I've written on Twitter in the past three years.
SPIEGEL: Like a book?
Ai: It's around 20 volumes, a pile of paper that reaches up to your hips. I post virtually everything I do on Twitter or Instagram. It's a big art exhibition. Previously a few hundred, perhaps a few thousand people came to my exhibitions. Today I post a video and half a million people watch it.
SPIEGEL: Your government persecutes you and hasn't let you travel abroad for almost three years -- why doesn't it switch off your Twitter account?
Ai: I don't know that there's a clear reason. The relationship between the Chinese government and me is like a Cold War.
The Texas Longhorns have suffered their first significant injury of fall camp with the news that senior quarterback Miles Onyegbule will miss the rest of the season after tearing multiple knee ligaments in a recent practice:
Late #Longhorns injury news tonight. Senior QB/TE Miles Onyegbule says he's out for season. #HookEm pic.twitter.com/jA5nvrtGhZ — Adam Winkler (@WinklerKEYE) August 11, 2014
Listed as a quarterback on the official roster after making the move from tight end during the spring to help out with quarterback depth, the Arlington High product wasn't expected to receive any playing time this fall after throwing for 60 yards on 5-of-10 passing, but threw two interceptions. He also added a touchdown and a 14-yard run, but fumbled away a carry as well.
In other words, despite a beautiful 30-yard pass down the sideline to now-dismissed wide receiver Montrel Meander that converted a long down-and-distance situation, the decision-making and overall production level from Onyegbule didn't suggest that he was capable of competing for playing time this fall or filling in adequately in case of injuries, hardly a surprise given his lack of experience at the position having played there only one season in high school.
And even though Onyegbule could conceivably apply for a medical redshirt, the odds of him returning for another season with equally limited odds of contributing likely means that his Texas career is over.
Texas now has three scholarship quarterbacks on campus, one under the number that most coaches prefer -- junior David Ash, sophomore Tyrone Swoopes, and freshman Jerrod Heard. As reported during the summer, there's also a new walk on, former La Grange and Blinn College sophomore Logan Vinklarek, though he's likely behind fellow sophomore Trey Holtz, also a walk on.
The former high school wide receiver and quarterback who was rated as a three-star prospect by Rivals appeared in 22 games over his career, recording four catches, all during his freshman season in 2011, including a four-yard catch that converted a third down on the game-winning drive against Texas A&M.
It was his only significant contribution during his career, as the move to tight end during his sophomore season hurt his position on the depth chart and an ankle injury shortened his season. In 2013, he once again missed time, sitting out the first five games.
Best of luck to Onyegbule with his recovery and in his future endeavors.
A perfectly-preserved mummy of an adult bound in copper plates from head to toe has been dug up in Russia's Far North, alongside the mummy of a “tiny” baby. The discoveries could shed unique light on medieval burial and medical practices.
The remains were found near Zeleny Yar archeological site in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Region, which was discovered in 1997, and has since been the source of dozens of rare finds.
"This year's field season has been highly successful. We've opened 10 graves, five of which were never looted in ancient times. For a memorial like Zeleny Yar this is unusual,"said Aleksandr Gusev, a researcher from the Scientific Center for the Study of the Arctic (SCSA), who led the expedition.
Read more
The two preserved mummies were wrapped in birch bark and thick fabric. The adult, of a height of about 170cm (5ft 6in), was covered in copper plates from head to toe, while the baby, under a year old at the time of death, was “sprinkled” with small fragments of a copper cauldron, said Gusev.
The mummies have been sent to the Institute of the Development of the North, in Tyumen, 500km south from Zeleny Yar.
“When we understood that the adult's burial cocoon was in good condition, we didn't risk opening it on the spot. We extracted it [the mummy] with the soil to avoid spoiling the fabrics,” said Evgenia Svyatova, an anthropologist from the Center for Protection and Use of Historical and Cultural Monuments.
A Korean team will examine them alongside Russian scientists.
Researchers are planning to subject the mummies to computer tomography to identify their condition. The examination may also show some ritual artifacts inside the cocoons.
The mummies in Zeleny Yar, located by the edge of the Polar Circle, were buried between the 6th and 13th centuries. In 2013-2017 archeologists managed to find 47 separate graves. In 2015, a mummy of a six to seven-year-old boy dating back to the 13th century was unearthed. The child, wrapped in a cocoon of furs and birch bark, was found with a small bronze ax.
Whether you're still running a years-long instance of 2004's The Sims 2 , complete with a family's dozens of generations babbling in Simlish while running into all matter of torture-inducing home spaces or haven't even played the game once, Electronic Arts has a giant, if ancient, freebie for you. Years after the game's "exchange" content website shuttered, the game's producer announced last week it would no longer post updates or patches for the decade-old game.
To ease the pain for all 50 players who'll never see their Radeon-related visual glitches fixed, EA gave all Sims 2 owners on the Origin PC games service a free upgrade to the game's "Ultimate Collection" version, which includes the game's eight expansion packs and nine "stuff" packs.
But what about players who didn't register the game on Origin (or, er, never bought The Sims 2 in the first place)? EA has them covered, too, because as of Wednesday, the company is now offering free downloads of The Sims 2: Ultimate Collection to all Origin members until July 31. Simply log in to Origin and use the redemption code "I-LOVE-THE-SIMS" to immediately jump into the "Apartment Life" expansion, the Ikea household pack, and everything else your dollhouse heart desires.
As The Sims 2 has been officially delisted from services like Origin and Steam for some time, this is currently the best way to grab a copy of the dated release—not to mention a good way to avoid paying over $100 buying boxed copies of every expansion. As this isn't part of Origin's "On The House" promo series, we figure that this is more likely a promotional stunt ahead of The Sims 4's impending September launch (a release that'll be doubly important to EA after the company delayed two of its biggest fall releases on Tuesday).
Adelaide United Football Club is delighted to announce that forward Sergio Cirio has signed a contract extension for a further two-seasons.
Cirio's contract was set to end at the end of this season, but he confirmed today that Adelaide United is the club he wants to continue his career with.
Joining the club at the start of the 2013/14 Season he has since made 42 appearances and scored 18 goals. He also won the inaugural Westfield FFA Cup and was awarded the Mark Viduka Medal for being the most outstanding player in that final.
Known affectionately amongst the playing group as “El Eanque” (the tank), Cirio said there were numerous reasons why he chose to remain with the Reds, but stated the happiness that United's football is bringing him and the extensive support from fans as being pivotal.
“There are a lot of reasons behind why I have decided to re-sign with Adelaide United,” said Cirio.
“I am happy here in Adelaide, the team is playing very good, and we're in a good position in the A-League.
“But the most important reason is because I want to win things here with United because I am really appreciative of everybody, from the coaches and staff to the fans as well. From my first day I have felt like I have been at home, so I feel I should return all these great things.
“I always look forward to our next game because I want to play, I want to score, and I want to help the team as much as possible. These are the only things that I want – to play and to enjoy it with my teammates.
“Every morning I wake up and I am happy because I know that I'm going to the change rooms and everybody's telling jokes and the environment is very good, so either in the field or outside the field I am really enjoying it.
“Josep is also giving me a lot of confidence and I'm playing a lot too. That is an important reason as well to me signing on with the club.”
Reflecting on his first season as a Red, Cirio noted that although it began difficultly, he felt the passion of United fans, which helped him realise their uniqueness and how crucial they are in the team's success.
“We had a bad situation for a bit last season, but my feeling was that the supporters supported the coach and supported the team regardless,” he explained.
“Even though we didn't get results straight away, they were close to us and in those moments I realised that this club and the people were special – we felt wanted and we felt their support.
“We, as a team, grew up and from then until now I think we have improved a lot. We're getting better results and we're playing better.
“Thinking about the next two seasons is hard. My mind is in this season and I think our aim for this season has to be to play in the finals at home because playing here we are much stronger with our supporters in Coopers Stadium.”
Coach Josep Gombau said the announcement of Cirio's re-signing is a significant boost for the Reds leading into the seconding half of the season and he is a very important player to the Reds in many ways.
“I am so happy that Cirio has extended his contract. Sergio is the type of player that suits the style we are playing and also a very good person in the group,” said Gombau.
“These qualities are very important to the club. And bring a lot of value to the team.
“He is now at the age where he should be able to play his best football and we are confident that over the next two years he can be one of the important players in our team” said Gombau.
The Spaniard's new deal will keep him at the Reds until the end of the 2016/17 Hyundai A-League season under the guidance of coach Josep Gombau and the army of Adelaide supporters will be happy to see “El Tanque” in a Reds shirt for a while yet.
Wetherspoon was founded in 1979 by Tim Martin, who is the current Chairman. In 1992 the company floated on the Stock Exchange and became J D Wetherspoon PLC. In 2016 the company owns 52 hotels, accounting for just 1 percent of sales, and 926 pub's in Britain and the Republic of Ireland. Annual sales exceed £1.59 billion, with almost £57 million profit. The company employs 36,678 staff and has a head office in Watford.
Tim Martin opened his first pub, a former bookie, in 1979 in Muswell Hill, north London. For the first month, it was called Martin's Free House, but was renamed Wetherspoon's early in the new year, after a former teacher “...because he was too nice a fellow to be running our particular class and he couldn't control it. So I thought: I can't control the pub, he couldn't control the class, so I'll name it after him." The "JD" part of the name was named after Dr JD Watson.
Wetherspoon pubs offer cask ale, low prices, long opening hours, and no music. The chain is known for converting unconventional, and large, premises into pubs using an open-plan layout. Every Wetherspoon pub has a unique carpet, drawing on the location, building and name. Pproduced by Axminster Carpets, they cost almost double stock designs.
For the first few years, the company's pubs were all located in north London. The oldest surviving Wetherspoon is The Rochester Castle in Stoke Newington, opened in 1983. The Tally Ho, North Finchley, London, opened in 1991 with a dedicated non-smoking bar upstairs. This was the first of many pioneering initiatives from the company, launched before the smoking ban in July 2007.
By 1994 Wetherspoon had opened 100 hundred pubs across England, including Liverpool Street train station in London and Heathrow airport. Manchester's The Moon under Water on Deansgate was opened in 1995 and is the largest pub in the UK with 10,000 square feet of customer space.
Drink
The CAMRA Good Beer Guide, recognises the quality of Wetherspoon's beer, listing more Wetherspoon pubs than any other company.
In 1990 Wetherspoon pubs hosted their first real-ale festival. It lasted four days and featured six beers. Today, each Wetherspoon pub is involved in the twice-yearly beer festival in March/April and October and a Cider Festival in July.
In 2017 the festival line-up includes thirty new, seasonal and speciality beers, some brewed exclusively for the festival. The overseas beers have been sourced from brewers in Italy, the Netherlands, Australia, the Republic of Ireland and the USA.
Cider-lovers at Wetherspoon pubs across the UK and the Republic of Ireland can enjoy an unbeatable range of draught ciders during the annual 17-day Wetherspoon cider festival in July. The selection of 30 ciders from across the UK feature apple, pear and fruit ciders, some produced exclusively for the festival.
Special for you Get Christmas gift ideas and find unique gifts for your family and friends. To surprise them with the perfect gift every time we recommend you to visit www.xmasgiftsforher.co.uk
When you are looking for the perfect gift for the beer lover in your life, you may want to consider something other that a crate of IPA. Here, we have listed some beer lover gift ideas that will be sure to please.
Drinking horn
For the beer lover who also has a passion for Game of Thrones, the first of our ideas is a beautiful drinking horn made of solid horn by the skilled crafts-folk at Abbeyhorn in the UK, who crafted the horns for Game of Thrones. This unique gift is naturally water resistant and perfect for a cool half-pint of beer on a sunny Viking afternoon.
Beer Making Kit
Gone are the days of making beer in the bath, you can now make quality, professional bottled beers, ales, lagers or ciders with a home brewing kit.
A full beer making kit will include a graduated fermentation bucket with lid, a temperature indicator airlock and all the kit you need for creating your perfect tipple. You can choose from a vast range of different beers and with specific step-by-step instructions, you will have a crate of beer ready within a fortnight. Once they have the kit and brew their first brew, your beer lover can come up with their own taste ideas with additional beer making mixes.
Beer/Brewery Merchandise
Beer themed clothing can be fun with generic artwork or perhaps branded merchandise from the beer lovers favourite brewery. This may be one of the ideas that is easiest for the bigger craft breweries, but even the niche breweries offer some cool merchandise that are good conversation starters.
Beer Books
CAMRA, the Campaign for Real Ale publish an annual guide, though it's likely your beer lover has bought this as a gift for themselves. Consider instead their ‘Good Beer Guides' to Belgium and the Netherlands, the ‘Best Bottled Beer'. For the connoisseur, consider ‘300 Beers to Try Before You Die!' and its sequel ‘300 More Beers to Try Before You Die!'.
Adrian Tierney-Jones and Roger Protz won the British Guild of Beer Writers silver award for Best Beer & Travel Writer 2015 for “Britain's Beer Revolution” that includes conversations with key figures in British brewing, from hop growers, maltsters, brewers, pub owners to critics, in celebration of Britain's 'craft' beer revolution over the last fifteen years.
Other book ideas include CAMRA's Beer Anthology. Published in July 2016 it is a great collection of quotes about beer, pubs and drinking. Contributors range from classic writers such as William Blake and Thomas Hardy, to contemporary beer commentators, including Melissa Cole and Breandán Kearney. Excerpts from radio, theatre and other media are also included. CAMRA's Beer Knowledge, updated in October 2016, is another of our ideas for your book-and-beer lover's gift. a best-seller that contains more than 200 entries from the serious, the silly and the bizarre in beer.
John Mayer's knee deep amidst a world tour that has him performing for fans in arenas across the planet from now until September. Seriously, this tour sounds exhausting. He's playing 73 concerts between now and early September, 20 of which are with the Dead & Company Tour where he'll be playing the Jerry Garcia parts with the living members of The Grateful Dead.
John Mayer performed at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto on Monday night, and before that concert, he was presented with a new guitar case by artist Samara Shuter. I'm guessing that some of you are already familiar with Sam Shuter's artwork because she's BLOWING UP thanks to her unique style of painting. If you're not already familiar with Sam Shuter's artwork you need to CLICK HERE now to check out her work (you can find her on Instagram at @SamShuter as well).
It's not often I get to share news like this before the celebrity that it pertains to, but I happen to know the artist and was able to have her send me pictures of John Mayer's new guitar case before John even had a chance to put them up on his Instagram account. This is easily the sickest guitar case in the game, and Sam Shuter deserves all the awards for her work on this:
May 22, 2017, 5:40 PM GMT / Updated May 22, 2017, 5:40 PM GMT By Reuters
At least 17 people were killed and 31 were injured when a bus plunged some 300 feet off a roadside in a mountainous region of southern Mexico near the Guatemalan border, authorities said on Sunday.
The accident occurred near the town of Motozintla when the bus ferrying people home from a spiritual retreat on the Pacific coast came off the road and fell down a steep slope, emergency services in the state of Chiapas said in a statement.
The passengers came from the nearby municipality of La Trinitaria and at least 17 died and another 31 were injured, said a spokesman for emergency services, Daniel Cuate.
It was not immediately clear what caused the accident.
President Enrique Pena Nieto expressed his condolences to the families of the bereaved on Twitter.
Photographs from the scene showed the bus had been reduced to a mangled wreck in a wooded gully.
Follow NBC News Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Once it was settled that we would spend a few days in Ireland prior to heading over to Germany, my task was to map out our brewery visits. With no plans to rent a car, our options were limited to the Dublin area or places we could reach via train or bus network. After a bit of research, spending a day in Cork seemed like the best option to add a few breweries.
Despite the first day over-indulgence in Dublin, Merideth and I managed to make our morning train to Cork. We welcomed the two-and-a-half hour journey for a bit more sleep. Arriving at Kent Station in Cork, the fresh air of the almost one mile walk to our first stop, Rising Sons, also helped in clearing the cobwebs from our heads.
Rising Sons was unlike any other brewpub we have been to in Ireland. For lack of a better word, it was very American. The large brick exterior was reminiscent of a warehouse but the building had, in fact, housed a printer who at one time printed all the check books in the country. The high ceiling, exposed beamed open interior was dominated on one side by the copper clad brewery behind a large window that backed the bar.
Waiting for us at the bar was our friend and guide for the day, Dave O'Leary. Owner of Bierhaus Cork, we first met Dave back in 2008 during our Year in Beer visit to Ireland. One of the pioneers of the Cork beer scene, who better to hang out with in Ireland's second city?
Still feeling the effects of the previous night, I ordered, somewhat out of character for me, a half of Sunbeam. The half being the out of character part, I caught Merideth giving me a ‘I'm married to this guy' look when I said half. The 4.3% ABV Bavarian-style lager was a perfect hair of the dog beer. Merideth started with Grainú Ale, Rising Sons' 4.6% ABV Belgian-style Summer Ale. She was a trooper though and ordered a whole pint.
Six years since we last visited Cork, five years since seeing Dave last, we caught up with him and the Cork beer scene as we nursed our beers. Starting to feel alive again, I followed up Sunbeam with Handsum, Rising Sons' American hopped IPA. However, I still stuck with a half pint.
Already back in our minds that we had an evening train to catch back to Dublin, we finished our beers and decided it was best to move on.
If there is a commonality in the people we meet on our travels, it's that many end up helping us with our quest. Whether it is research, transportation or guide, people are eager to participate in our beer adventures. Dave was no different.
He mentioned there was a newish brewery in Mayfield, an outlying area of Cork, that had an American connection. Too far to walk and too long a journey on public transportation given our short window, Dave volunteered to drive us to the amusingly named Cotton Ball. And we can't thank Dave enough for this. Not only did we add a brewery that we might not have, Cotton Ball ended up being one of those very special brewery visits — it joined my love of beer and interest in Civil War history.
Up past Heineken Ireland we drove into a working class part of Cork. The sign advertising Stouts and Ales gave the Cotton Ball a look of your typical Irish pub from the outside. Entering the small front bar, I was somewhat surprised to be the only customers. Our trio settled up to the bar.
Both Merideth and I started with the 4.7% ABV Indian Summer Pale Ale. A wonderful citrus hop aroma greeted me as I took a big gulp of my first pint of the day. After a few more gulps, it was time to go check out the brewery. Pints in hand, we passed through the large dining room (that's where all the people were!), down some stairs and into the large space located below. Here we were greeted by Eoin Lynch. Brewing started in late 2013, Eoin Lynch explained as we toured the five barrel brewhouse.
While touring the brewery, Dave brought up the American connection. Eoin suggested we go back upstairs and talk to his father, he would be able to fill us in. Eoin introduced us to his father, Jack Lynch. And the Cotton Ball story unfolded.
Jack's grandfather, Eoin's great-grandfather, Humphrey Lynch emigrated to America at age 15, settling north of Boston. At the outbreak of the Civil War, Humphrey enlisted, joining the 4th U.S. Light Artillery. Fighting mainly in the western theater including battles such as Chickamauga, Humphrey was discharged from the Union Army in 1865 at the rank of sergeant.
Returning to Ireland in the 1870s, Humphrey bought a public house in what was then called Baile na Mbocht. He named his pub the Cotton Ball, harkening back to his years following the Civil War working as a foreman in a cotton mill. Almost 140 years later, still owned by the same family, the Cotton Ball added the brewery.
Back at the bar after the history lesson, we all grabbed a bite to eat while enjoying the Cotton Ball's wonderful Lynch's Handcrafted Stout, both on nitro and off the shelf.
Returning to the city center, we had time for a quick pint at the Bierhaus (Dave's beer bar) before heading to our last stop of the day. And Merideth bought her new favorite zippie.
Space was a premium at the tiny Elbow Lane Brew and Smoke House. Entering the tiny 25 seat restaurants, I wondered if we had ever been in a smaller brewpub. I think not. Greeted by the manager, Jerry O'Sullivan, he immediately started us on a tour of Elbow Lane.
Pushing some tables and chairs away to access a door at the back of the restaurant, we entered the tiny brewhouse. I immediately recognized how the place could be so small, a Braumeister system. An all-in-one brewery, all grain brewing system, we had seen one of these before on our last trip to London, but on a much smaller scale. While in that system, the basket could be lifted out by hand, Elbow Lane utilized the biggest kit available, 250 liters. Lifting the basket required a winch. With this Braumeister kit, Elbow Lane produces five house beers.
Touring the conditioning tanks upstairs, Jerry explained that the goal was to achieve just-in-time brewing as much as possible. One of the benefits of such a small brewery to tour, Merideth, Dave and I were quickly seated at the bar ready to try their brews.
Beers ranged from Elbow Lager to Angel Stout. All the beers were solid, especially the 4.4% ABV Stout whose strong roast character I imagined pairing well with some of the bigger meat dishes. The star was Arrow Weiss, a 5% ABV Bavarian-style Wheat that recently won Best in Category for Wheat Beers at the Killarney Beerfest. The prominent banana/clove character reminded me that in a few days we would be in Germany.
The food menu looked pretty amazing but our appetites failed us at this crucial moment. We stuck with a couple of small bites, Olives & Spiced Fried Chickpeas and Pigs in Blankets, as we moved through the sample flight.
It was now early evening and our train's departure back to Dublin was looming. We thanked Jerry for his hospitality, and after thanking Dave profusely for being our tour guide for the day, we parted ways.
With three breweries added to the List, we walked back to the train station with a bit more bounce in our step then we made the opposite journey from earlier in the day. We can't thank Dave enough for taking the time to chaperone us around his city.
View all the images from Cork
Were you among the lucky few who were able to pre-order an iPhone 4 on Tuesday? Consider yourself lucky; Apple fans who pre-order their phones in the days ahead could now be waiting until July 2 to receive the device.
The AT&T Web site, meanwhile, currently says that "Pre-orders for iPhone [are] temporarily suspended."
The Apple and AT&T Web sites were overwhelmed by iPhone 4 pre-orders Tuesday, resulting in timed-out browsers and 404 errors. By day's end, Apple's Web site had switched the expected ship date for the device from June 24 to July 2.
"IPhone 4 pre-order sales yesterday were 10-times higher than the first day of pre-ordering for the iPhone 3G S last year. Given this unprecedented demand and our current expectations for our iPhone 4 inventory levels when the device is available June 24, we're suspending pre-ordering today in order to fulfill the orders we've already received," AT&T said in a Wednesday statement.
"The availability of additional inventory will determine if we can resume taking pre-orders," the company continued. "In addition to unprecedented pre-order sales, yesterday there were more than 13 million visits to AT&T's website where customers can check to see if they are eligible to upgrade to a new phone; that number is about 3-times higher than the previous record for eligibility upgrade checks in one day."
"We are working hard to bring iPhone 4 to as many of our customers as soon as possible," AT&T concluded.
Radio Shack, which was accepting in-person pre-orders at its stores, also suspended the program due to demand. "Requests have ended due to overwhelming customer response. More launch details to come," the company wrote on its Twitter feed.
Best Buy was also accepting in-store pre-orders, and by late Tuesday evening, a Best Buy representative tweeted that the program was still on. She also said that Best Buy would be scheduling appointments for pick-up and activation on June 24, so buyers do not have to wait for hours in line.
"As of this morning, we are still taking pre-orders on the device in our stores. As you might expect, there has been a ton of customer demand and, based on what we have heard from customers, their experience in pre-ordering the iPhone 4 at Best Buy has been a good one," Best Buy said in a Wednesday statement. "As we get further from the start of the pre-sale (which started yesterday), we are upfront with customers telling them that they are on the priority list to get a device and that we are still working through what the inventory will be on the phone come June 24."
A Best Buy FAQ said the store is only accepting pre-orders, however, for the black iPhone 4. "We stopped taking pre-orders for the white iPhone 4 after Apple stopped taking pre-orders" for that version, the store said.
[Editor's Note: Later in the day, Best Buy suspended iPhone 4 pre-orders.]
Best Buy pre-orders placed for the white version are still valid, but buyers might not receive it on June 24. Best Buy also does not guarantee that buyers will get their pre-ordered black phones on launch day.
"Any inventory received will be used to fulfill outstanding pre-orders in the order they were placed," the store said. "For example, if the store has twenty pre-orders on launch day but only received fifteen phones from Apple, then the first fifteen pre-orders should receive their phone on launch day."
Wal-Mart is also offering the iPhone 4, but was not accepting pre-orders; only in-store purchases beginning June 24.
Error messages and overwhelmed systems were reportedly not the only problem users encountered on Tuesday. In the wake of an AT&T hack that accidentally exposed the e-mail addresses of 114,000 iPad users, Gizmodo reported that several of its readers were shown AT&T order screens from other users when they were trying to pre-order their iPhone 4.
"We have received reports of customers inadvertently seeing the wrong account information during the iPhone 4 purchasing process. We have been unable to replicate the issue, but the information displayed did not include call-detail records, social security numbers, or credit card information," AT&T said. "In the meantime, we are looking into this matter."
The iPad e-mail glitch came to light after Goatse Security alerted Gawker to the problem. In related news, CNet reports that Andrew Auernheimer, who is part of the Goatse Security team, was arrested in Arkansas on Tuesday on drug charges, prompting some to speculate that it was related to the AT&T hack.
Editor's Note: This story was updated at 12:15pm Eastern time with comment from AT&T and Best Buy.
UPDATE: Later in the day, Apple apologized for the technical glitches, and said the company sold 600,000 iPhone 4's in the first day. Get the rest of the story here.
This post was made with an older stylesheet
1.) Replace lex-bison based parser with handwritten parser in gcalctool
The aim of this application is to change current lex-bison based parser with the handwritten parser. As, handwritten parser are much faster and can be ported to other languages without much trouble, this will help in both, making gcalctool fast and portable.
Student: Arth Patel Mentor: Robert Ancell
2.) Integrate GTG to Gnome-Shell
I would like to work on GTG software to integrate him to Gnome-Shell. My idea is to improve the user experience by using an extension, notification system, and add some features to GTG. Read my proposal for more details.
Student: Baptiste Saleil Mentor: Luca Invernizzi
3.) Activity Development for GCompris, especially Music Education
This project will contribute several additional activities to the GCompris educational software designed for children. Special emphasis will be placed on music education activities, although other types of educational activities may be implemented as well.
Student: Beth Mentor: Bruno Coudoin
4.) Completion of the Gnome Sudoku Vala Port
The Gnome Sudoku game, currently written in python, is not up to the standards set out. My project will complete the Vala port, and make sure its easy and worth to play.
Student: Chris Mentor: Thomas Andersen
5.) Smarter Searching in GNOME Shell
Make searching from the Overview in GNOME 3 more intelligent. Order results based on source, importance, and frequency of use. Allow external applications to add their content to the search results.
Student: doshitan Mentor: Rui Matos
6.) GNOME Clock
Work with the GNOME Design Team and Seif Lotfy on GNOME Clock, in order to provide the GNOME community with a clock application. GNOME Clock will allow users to quickly and easily determine the time of day anywhere in the world, helping them keep in touch with family, friends and co-workers. GNOME Clock will also allow users to set alarms so that when time X rolls around they know they need to do Y. A stopwatch/timer will also be included so that users can time themselves and/or others as needed.
Student: Emily Gonyer Mentor: Seif Lofty
7.) Development of a graphical profiler for GNOME
GNOME is currently lacking of a good graphical profiler. My proposal is to extend nemiver by adding a new perspective to add the ability to profile an application with the help of callgrind or perf.
Student: Fabien Parent Mentor: Dodji Seketeli
8.) Documents: Removable devices support
To make GNOME Documents able to manage and view files on plugged in removable devices.
Student: Felipe Borges Mentor: Cosimo Cecchi
9.) libosinfo-based express installation for major OSes
This project involve improving new libosinfo API for automated installations, porting Boxes to use that and implementing support for Debian, Ubuntu and openSUSE (at least).
Student: fidencio Mentor: Zeeshan Ali
10.) GNOME Shell Lock Screen
This project is about implementing the designs exposed in this website, that is, revamping the screen lock by integrating with GNOME Shell.
Student: Giovanni Campagna Mentor: Marina Zhurakhinskaya
11.) Proposal to upgrade the UI of Gcalctool
The main goal of this project is upgrade the UI from its current look to a look that is more reflective of the black, white and grey colour set used throughout GNOME. This will not only create a unified experience throughout GNOME, but will make it much more pleasant for a user to use.
Student: Gopal Krishnan Mentor: Robert Ancell
12.) Collaborative Getting Things GNOME!
GTG provides great user experience for individuals. I would like to implement sharing tasks between users. GNOME will become the first desktop with built-in task sharing. This would make it the desktop of choice for small to medium businesses.
Student: Izidor Matusov Mentor: Ploum
13.) Overhaul the Applications View
Overhaul the Applications View: Remove mode switch, only leaving windows mode in the overview and making the apps view accessible in a different manner. Make the apps view paginated, allowing the user to order their apps in pages. The benefit of the pagination over continuous scrolling would be spatial memory of where launchers are. Add keyboard navigation to windows and apps views. This would increase the speed at which users can traverse these views, and has been a much requested feature.
Student: Joost Verdoorn Mentor: Florian Mullner
14.) Ability to save and load virtual machine boxes
Implementing save and load the VM will enable the user to save the current state of the VM to an on-disk file. Restoring this file will make the VM continue from where it was left off. Saving the VM and it's state will also provide a way to load the file onto another machine. A part of the proposal is enabling downloadable ready-made VM offering the users remote repository where they could download and use the VM easily.
Student: Jovanka Mentor: Zeeshan Ali
15.) Creation of a new library providing models and widgets to display and choose contacts
Implementation of a new library providing models and Gtk+ widgets to display and choose contacts that could be used by any GNOME application. This will improve IM/Social features in a lot of GNOME application and use Telepathy tubes.
Student: Laurent C Mentor: Guillaume Desmottes
16.) Integration of multiple theme based activities in the existing GCompris suite
Create interactive activities focusing on the science and the miscellaneous sections of GCompris. The project would include two activities theming space, food related activity and one environment related activity.
Student: Matilda Bernard Mentor: Bruno Coudoin
17.) GNOME Documents UIs for Viewing and Editing of File Metadata
Design and implement (1) a UI to view metadata properties for files in GNOME Documents and (2) a UI for the in-place editing of such metadata.
Student: Meg Ford Mentor: Cosimo Cecchi
18.) Helping on anjuta mades everybody happy
Clang is a compiler front-end for the LLVM compiler. It helps to analyse C, C++, Objective C and Objective C++ code and find mistakes just in time. I want to bring Clang magic to anjuta.
Student: Moritz Lüdecke Mentor: Johannes Schmid
19.) GNUcash Android Application
The goal of this proposal is the development of a GNUcash Android application which allows users to track expenses on-the-go and later on import the expenses into the desktop GNUcash program. This will enable users to have more complete oversight of their expenditures which will include expenses which were made in cash transcations. The Android application will be able to export the recorded expenses in the Open Financial Exchange (OFX) which is also supported by the desktop GNUcash for importing data.
Student: Ngewi Fet Mentor: Muslim Chochlov
20.) GXml and GObject Serialisation
This will improve GXml and add support for GObject-XML serialisation. GXml is the product of a 2011 GSoC effort to provide GNOME developers with a more usable XML DOM API than libxml2 provides, but making use of libxml2's comprehensive functionality by building atop it. While GXml is functional and usable, there is a lot of room to expand to make it more appealing, adding features like XML serialisation of GObjects (the main goal) and improving documentation and refining what's already there.
Student: Richard Schwarting Mentor: Alberto Ruiz
21.) Lockdown editor
A new lockdown editor for GNOME software, which replaces Pessulus and is easy to use for system administrators. It will have presets for common lockdown scenarios, such as kiosk mode. The work will include writing a new lockdown editor and patching software to implement the needed lockdown features.
Student: Rūdolfs Mentor: Ryan Lortie
22.) Refactor and Rework the Task Editor of Getting Things Gnome
Over the months of the summer, I plan to take the current Task Editor in Getting Things Gnome and rework it so that it will be faster and easier to work with, while also adding needed features such as being able to type in bold or italics, along with fixing many of the current bugs on launchpad's bug list.
Student: sscheel Mentor: Luca Invernizzi
23.) Revamp of the Activity Journal
The proposed project is about combining support for overviewing and re-finding past, current and future user activities in one user interface. Hence, I will revamp and rewrite the current Activity Journal application ( https://live.gnome.org/GnomeActivityJournal ), which will then be hosted on the GNOME infrastructure. Beyond mapping out a user's past and current doings, the journal's UI-metaphor time lends itself to be further leveraged for reminding a user about upcoming stuff.
Student: Stefano Candori Mentor: Thorsten Prante
24.) Improve overall Mac OS X port of Banshee
Banshee's Mac OS X port needs improvement. There are lots of extensions in the Banshee Communnity Extension repo (BCE) that currently can't be build and/or used on OS X. Furthermore, hardware support for syncing devices is mostly not present on the OS X plattform. Goal of this project is to work on these items, as well as introduce some OS X specific features like integrating Mac's media functions, native file dialogs and others.
Student: Timo Dörr Mentor: Olivier Dufour
25.) Voice Control For Banshee
The idea is to add voice control for Banshee media player to improve the accessibility. Many portable media player devices can be controlled using the human voice and it has resulted in the users having a rich accessibility interface. The plan is to let the user do basic controls through his voice which will be helpful for the people who can't use the normal mouse controls
Student: Udesh Liyanaarachchi Mentor: Alexander Kojevnikov
26.) Get a useful state to Shotwell Faces tool
Last GSoC I started a new feature to Shotwell called “Faces tool”, which consist in the ability to mark that a certain person is in a certain photo, and where is her/his face —i.e. the same you can do, for example, in Facebook. And even my GSoC project was successful, the tool isn't included in Shotwell stable because it lacks some interesting functionality.
Student: Valentín Barros Puertas Mentor: Lucas Beeler, Adam Dingle
27.) GNOME - Epiphany Browser Synchronization
Users today are accessing the internet through a growing number of devices and computers on a daily basis. As the number of regularly used devices continues to increase, maintaining a consistent state amongst all those devices is an expanding issue. The goal of this proposal is to implement an extensible synchronization API for Epiphany that is data storage agnostic. The first implementation will be synchronizing Epiphany's bookmarks and history using Firefox Sync Service.
Student: William Ting Mentor: Xan Lopez
28.) Add synchronization to Epiphany, the GNOME web browser
The purpose of this project is to add synchronization of bookmarks, passwords, history and tabs to Epiphany, the GNOME web browser. Epiphany will be able to synchronize with a Mozilla Sync compatible server and thus will be able to synchronize with Firefox. This goal will be achieved with security and privacy respect in mind.
Student: Yann Soubeyrand Mentor: Xan Lopez
29.) Support for Gamepad API in WebKitGTK+ and general gamepad configuration options in System Settings
Gamepads are most known as being the preferred way for game interaction on consoles, but are also used in desktop games. A new wave of such games is coming in the form of HTML applications through the use of Gamepad API. To make these applications first-class citizens in the GNOME environment, I plan to add support for said API to the WebKitGTK+ along with enhancing GNOME System Settings to support configuring gamepad devices.
Student: Žan Doberšek Mentor: Carlos Garcia Campos
Chinese officials have told U.S. President George W. Bush to stay out of other countries' affairs after he condemned Beijing's human rights record before heading to the Olympic Games.
U.S. President George W. Bush delivers a speech at the Queen Sirikit National Convention Center in Bangkok on Thursday ahead of his visit to Beijing. ((Gerald Herbert/Associated Press))
"We resolutely oppose any words or actions which interfere in the internal affairs of another country in the name of issues such as human rights and religion," Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang said Thursday in a statement on its website that was translated by the Associated Press.
The statement was published hours after Bush criticized China's approach to freedom and rights of citizens in a speech in Thailand during a three-country tour of Asia before heading to China for Friday's Olympic opening ceremonies.
"America stands in firm opposition to China's detention of political dissidents and human rights advocates and religious activists," Bush said in Bangkok early Thursday.
"We press for openness and justice not to impose our beliefs, but to allow the Chinese people to express theirs."
China 'puts people first'
Bush said he wasn't trying to antagonize China, but called for free press, free assembly and labour rights in China as the only path the U.S. rival can take to reach its full potential.
But China seemed irritated by the comments on the eve of the international sporting event.
"The Chinese government puts people first, and is dedicated to maintaining and promoting its citizens' basic rights and freedom," Qin said in a statement. "Chinese citizens have freedom of religion. These are indisputable facts."
Qin said there are divergences between China and U.S., but noted that it is in the common interest of both countries to have a good relationship, and advocated talks on the differing views.
Leading up to the Olympics from Aug. 8 to 24, Bush has been walking a tightrope, trying to avoid causing China embarrassment for its time in the world limelight, but coming under pressure to use his visit to press China for greater religious tolerance and other freedoms.
Tries to address 2 polar issues
Bush's speech praised China for market reforms, saying change in the country "will arrive on its own terms, and in keeping with its own history and its own traditions."
"With this speech, Bush is trying to address two polar issues: easing the controversy created by those who oppose his visit during the Games and simultaneously maintaining America's strategy with China," said Yan Xuetong, an expert in U.S.-China relations at Beijing's prestigious Tsinghua University.
Bush, who arrived in Beijing Thursday night, has said the Games are not the right occasion to push a U.S. political agenda, and he is visiting as a sports fan. He plans to attend the opening ceremony and several sporting events.
Ahead of the Games, China has rounded up opponents and imposed restrictions on journalists, despite promises to the contrary when it landed the Olympics.
Bush is reportedly the first U.S. president to attend the Olympics on foreign soil.
The president, first lady Laura Bush and their daughter Barbara came off Air Force One together and had a red-carpet greeting from Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi and others.
Dedication ceremony
However, several hours later Bush seemed to offer China the olive branch during a dedication ceremony for the U.S.'s new $434 million US embassy in Beijing, calling it a symbol of their burgeoning bond.
Bush said the eight-story structure, which is the second-largest U.S. embassy in the world after its diplomatic office in Baghdad, represented the "solid foundation underpinning" relations between the two countries.
"To me it speaks of the importance of our relations with China," Bush said. Both his father, former president George H.W. Bush, and former U.S. secretary of state Henry Kissinger were in attendance for the ceremony on Friday morning in China.
China unveiled its own foreign embassy — the biggest in the U.S. — in Washington, D.C. last week.
Cadbury Adams, makers of Swedish Fish and Sour Patch Kids have introduced a new product to their line of jelly candies. Sour Patch Kids Berries are a variety of four berry flavors of the classic chewy jelly candy covered in sour sand.
There's no mention of this product on the Sour Patch Kids website, and the package is rather scant with details as well. There are four colors for the candies, but there's no mention of the flavors. I think they're: Cherry, Blue Raspberry, Strawberry and Grape.
The regular Sour Patch Kids come in four flavors: orange, cherry, lemon and lime. The Sour Patch Fruits come in watermelon, orange, lemon, lime, grape and cherry. Then there are the individual flavor packs like Watermelon, Peach and Cherry. It seems like cherry gets a lot of attention from the Sour Patch family, here it is in three different assortments plus a package all of its own.
Sour Patch Kids are a simple construction, a firm jelly candy is molded and then coated in a sweet & sour sand. They're small, so one is a good bite.
Grape (Purple) is a great sour flavor. This grape is just like a jelly version of Pixy Stix or SweeTarts. There's a lot of fake grape flavor to go along with the sour.
Cherry (Red) is as I expected, tart and sharp with the strong woodsy notes then sweet and a little on the medicine side, especially as the food coloring kicked in.
Strawberry (Pink) this was the flavor I wasn't quite sure about. It's soft and floral and more delicate than the others, perhaps even a little citrusy.
Blue Raspberry is a well rounded flavor. It's quite tart at first then morphing into a sweet and floral berry flavor that's reminiscent of the Swedish Fish.
Here's something that's been bothering me for years. Sour Patch Kids don't look like kids. They don't look like much of anything except maybe shaving brushes. There are little characters on the package, but I've never quite been able to make them out. Jelly Babies manage to look like their little characters on the package, so I know the molding technology allows this. Even Swedish Fish does an excellent job of looking like little fish.
It's interesting to see a new mix of flavors for the Sour Patch Kids, even if the actual flavors are not new. There's nothing earth shattering here or innovative, just a limited mix that might appeal to folks who don't like the citrus flavors in the regular Sour Patch Kids or Sour Patch Fruits.
Related Candies
About 10 years ago, I attended a gathering of Canadian judges and lawyers at Cambridge University. Justice Scalia gave his stump speech there about how his Constitution was not “living” but “dead,” with legitimate constitutional interpretation limited to the words and original understanding of the document's authors. He may or may not have known that in Canada, constitutional interpretation starts from the premise that “the Constitution is a living tree.” In any event, his speech fell flat; rather than greeting his remarks with the appreciative chuckles and applause he usually received, the audience sat on its hands. I remember his disconcerted expression.
Justice Scalia received relatively few opinion assignments in major cases, either from Chief Justice Roberts or Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist, with whom he served for 19 years. The reason was obvious: He refused to compromise, a trait that put him at risk of losing a majority in close cases. I used to wonder why he didn't value effectiveness over perfection, why he would not rather compromise than lose. But I came to realize that Justice Scalia wasn't playing the inside game. No matter that he never persuaded a majority of his fellow conservatives on the court to sign up for his brand of originalism.
What mattered was his ability to invoke originalism as a mobilizing tool outside the court, in speeches and in dissenting opinions. The message was that courts have no business recognizing “new” rights. (Except, evidently, new rights of which Justice Scalia approved, such as an unconstrained right for corporations to spend money in politics.) The audience for his dissents, he told Ms. Senior in the New York magazine interview, was law students. The mission he set for himself was cultivating the next generation.
For a long time, he did a good job of addressing the public outside the court's marble walls. In 2003, his dissenting opinion in the gay rights case Lawrence v. Texas warned that the court's declaration of constitutional protection for same-sex relationships would lead to protection for same-sex marriage. State after state heeded the warning and enacted same-sex marriage bans.
Ten years later, when he dissented from the court's overturning of the Defense of Marriage Act in United States v. Windsor, which found that married same-sex couples were entitled to federal benefits, he warned that the decision made the constitutional right to same-sex marriage inevitable. “No one should be fooled; it is just a matter of listening and waiting for the other shoe,” he wrote.
Within a matter of months, federal district judges around the country invoked Justice Scalia's dissent in striking down same-sex marriage bans. The much less polemical dissent in Windsor by Chief Justice Roberts, describing the decision as a narrow one based on principles of federalism, went uncited.
Had Justice Scalia overreached? Lost his touch? Or had times changed so that not even the most mild-mannered dissent could have stemmed the tide? Hard to say. Still, people listened, just as they did last June when the court ruled for same-sex marriage in Obergefell v. Hodges and Justice Scalia wrote that before he would ever join such an opinion “I would hide my head in a bag.”
American University's pervasive left-wing political climate has not prevented nasty racial incidents, but it sure has facilitated official overreaction antithetical to academia. AU is rapidly moving further than many other colleges and universities to enshrine ideological indoctrination into the curriculum in the name of diversity and inclusion.
Racist Incidents on AU's Campus
The campus witnessed two dramatic racist events during the past academic year. A white student threw a banana at an African-American student in her dorm room and scribbled obscene graffiti on her door's whiteboard. Later, during final exams, someone hung nooses with bananas marked with racist messages, including one attacking the African-American sorority of the new student body president, at three separate locations on campus, and vicious white supremacist attacks on her followed.
Both incidents were widely and laudably condemned by students, faculty, and administration alike in a positive exercise of free speech. The student who perpetrated the invasion of another student's room was caught and disciplined by the university. AU has enlisted the FBI's assistance and vowed to catch and to punish the other guilty parties.
But as those who follow campus news well know, racist or sexist events rarely end with punishment or a return to normality. They often trigger cries of “systemic” racism or sexism, curable only by reform programs, usually mandatory, to reshape the attitudes of all students.
Required Indoctrination Courses
Framed as courses designed to help students “transitioning into their first year of college,” two courses to be taught by diversity staff—not regular faculty– will focus heavily on ideological indoctrination. The themes of AUx2 emphasize the correct viewpoints on marginalization and victimization:
This is a bare-bones outline of one course:
Theme 1: Getting to Know Our Social Identities & Key Concepts
Identity Grid: Exploring Our Social Identities
Class Agreement: Supporting Respectful and Productive Dialogue
Bias Discrimination and Racial Formation
White Privilege vs. White Disenfranchisement
Theme 2: Intersections of Social Identity: Race in America
Code Switch Video Game About Multiracial Identity
Manifest Destiny and Native American Touch Points Group Presentations
Slavery's Realities & Resonance Through Poetry
Allyship, Abolition, and Early Women's Movement
Immigration, Exclusion and Shifting Definitions
Letter to Civil Rights Leader
The Complexity of Contemporary Identities
Theme 3: Letter to a Former Stranger
Research the Life & Stories of a Former Stranger
Informal Reading of Letters
AUx1 also contains four full weeks on promoting “A Culture of Inclusion” with topics such as “Diversity, Bias, and Privilege.”
The allocation of university resources for these required courses is considerable. According to AU's website, there are 19 instructors, all staff rather than faculty, as well as an even greater number of peer leaders. The administration has also expanded with the addition of a director and program coordinator, as well as seven full or part-time staff people to assist AUx.
Expanding Indoctrination into Regular Classes
The university is now in the process of converting AUx into regular classes and beyond. The Senior Director for the Center for Diversity & Inclusion (CDI) has suggested “Allowing students' participation in the seven-week Intergroup Dialogue program to serve as an alternative to another assignment/project or extra credit. I look forward to hearing the administration's explanation to parents who pay phenomenal sums to send their kids to AU when they find out that a student managed to get out of a math assignment to attend a discussion group.
The two Intergroup Dialogue topics for Fall 2017 are “Islamophobia” and “Black Issues & Experiences on and off Campus.” There are also three segregated dialogue groups, creatively named as “intragroup dialogue” open only to “those who identify within Black/African diasporic communities” on three topics: “Immigration & Nationality,” “Stay Woke: A Dialogue on the themes of ‘Get Out',” and “Whiteness & Anti-racism.”
“Allyship” refers to the proper role for heterosexual whites—secondary, passive and supportive of leadership. In plain language, it means doing as you're told.
My guess is that an African-American student who questioned affirmative action would not be deemed “woke” even in his segregated safe space. In the AUx classes themselves, one cannot help but wonder if repeated challenges to the official dogma on “white privilege” or “allyship” might not harm the student's grade in these mandatory diversity courses.
Beyond promoting Intergroup Dialogues in place of academic work, the Center for Diversity & Inclusion also encourages faculty to “incorporate CDI programs into their syllabus” by “Inviting Rainbow Speakers Bureau to host a panel in your class” or “Requesting a workshop/training or Diversity Peer Educator session.”
Not a bad way to get out of grading and teaching if you can stomach the agitprop.
Faculty Reaction
Faculty reaction to the initial AUx proposal was somewhat muted. Arts and Sciences Dean Peter Starr co-chaired the committee in charge of it, and Provost Scott Bass pushed it heavily, so people were none too keen on futilely challenging the people who determine their salaries or become identified as an opponent of diversity. Nevertheless, faculty feedback included complaints about AUx inculcating a political viewpoint.
Despite ritualized requests for feedback, Starr made clear that he was uninterested in more than cosmetic changes. Here is the official short summary of changes made to AUx:
“AU Experience I & II: Course content is being developed for an online platform by faculty members with expertise in each area. Both courses will blend academic content and discussion methods, much the way traditional courses do. AUx2, in particular, now focuses on inclusion, with the explicit goal of creating a community of learners. The staffing of discussion leaders for AUx is a complex concern involving other campus initiatives such as the Reinventing the Student Experience (RiSE) project, and will likely be solved outside of this proposal. That said, all discussion leaders for AUx1 & AUx2 will be highly credentialed and complete training in advance of leading these courses.”
The above is an impressive example of managing to write a whole paragraph saying nothing. The short summary sent to the Faculty Senate notes, however, that “In addition to focusing on psycho-social development, AUx1 will include attention to academic freedom and freedom of speech.” The sole class on free speech remains heavily outweighed by the far greater number spent indoctrinating students on white privilege, bias, and exclusion.
The Faculty Senate approved the changes to the general education curriculum, including the AU experience, unanimously—not really surprising, as the faculty contains many promoters of this approach and is normally cowed by the administration anyway.
Never Enough, so the Cycle Repeats
Ironically, albeit utterly unsurprisingly, these changes were deemed wholly insufficient by student protesters who berated the administration and faculty alike at an administration-organized public meeting and during a student takeover of a Faculty Senate meeting. The response of both faculty and administration has been to double down.
During the Faculty Senate takeover, one student complained about the response of a fellow student on Facebook that included a photo of a noose. Provost Scott Bass took down the name of the offending student. Others demanded the immediate firing of faculty for racist comments and expulsion of students for racist actions.
The Faculty Senate immediately adopted a resolution calling for a permanent university commission on discrimination with a mandate to create a “cutting edge model of campus inclusivity” as well as creating a related Faculty Senate committee, which was immediately constituted by four volunteers. Apparently, this is on top of the Faculty Senate Ad-Hoc Committee on Diversity & Inclusion.
Fortunately, the university shortly thereafter adjourned for summer break but one imagines that AU's cultural revolution will continue as the Fall Semester proceeds and the AUx curriculum goes into full swing.
Is Ron Paul the candidate with the most machismo? There's certainly something about him that appeals to others of the male persuasion.
According to a new analysis by the Center for Responsive Politics , approximately 83 percent of the money Paul has raised from donors who gave more than $200 has come from men. That's more than any other major presidential candidate.
Republican-turned-Libertarian Gary Johnson, the former governor of New Mexico, ranks behind Paul as the candidate most popular with men, financially speaking. They account for an estimated 78 percent of what he's brought in. At the other end of the spectrum, President Barack Obama comes the closest to gender parity in terms of campaign cash: 44 percent of his money has come from women, 56 percent from men, according to the Center's estimates. Campaigns must disclose the name, address, employer and occupation of only those donors who give more than $200. Those itemized records are the basis for the Center's estimates, although not every donation can be classified by gender.
Overall, men account for about 72 percent of all money raised by federal-level candidates since January 2011, according to the Center's calculations
That means that, among the current crop of GOP candidates still in the race, Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum have both collected above-average amounts of money from women. Romney has relied on women for about 30 percent of his itemized contributions, while Santorum has raised about 32 percent of his itemized contributions from women.
Meanwhile, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , like Paul, has seen above average support from men. About 77 percent of the money Gingrich has raised from people giving in excess of $200 has come from men.
Here is a table detailing the estimated percentage of campaign cash each presidential campaign has raised from men and women.
Candidate % Female % Male Paul, Ron 17% 83% Johnson, Gary 22% 78% Gingrich, Newt 23% 77% Bachmann, Michele 25% 75% Cain, Herman 25% 75% Huntsman, Jon 27% 73% Romney, Mitt 30% 70% Pawlenty, Tim 31% 69% Santorum, Rick 32% 68% Perry, Rick 33% 67% Obama, Barack 44% 56% Notably, Paul, Obama and Gingrich have all raised about half of their money from small-dollar donors who contributed $200 or less, as OpenSecrets Blog previously reported. Santorum has raised about one-third of his money from such donors, while Romney has collected only about 9 percent of his money from small-dollar donors. It's impossible to know the gender breakdown of those contributions based on public records.
Center for Responsive Politics senior researcher Douglas Weber contributed to this report.
Entertainment Industry Mourns The End Of 'Hollywood' Howard Berman Being Their Personal Voice In Congress
from the time-to-get-with-the-times dept
I first met Howard Berman when I was with the Motion Picture Association of America. I remember Jack Valenti uttering a phrase that I would hear repeatedly over 20 years: “What does Howard think?” When we have an idea for a compromise, someone runs it by Howard. When we develop a strategy, someone is tasked to get Howard's reaction. When we speak with his congressional colleagues, the usual response from Democrats and Republicans alike is, “Let me grab Howard on the floor and see what he is thinking.”
We noted after the election that Hollywood's absolute favorite elected official -- "Hollywood" Howard Berman -- lost his seat . He was often referred to as "the Representative from Disney" for his unwavering support of passing legislation that helped the big Hollywood studios and record labels over the public interest. For many of us interested in the public benefit, his loss seemed like a good deal -- but, of course, for folks at the big movie studios and record labels, it was a disaster. Just witness this unintentionally hilarious Politico piece by former MPAA exec and current Universal Music 'Executive VP of Public Policy,' Matt Gerson, which read like a love letter to Berman , where he reveals what everyone knew already: that Berman and the MPAA were apparently in constant communication, with Berman regularly being called into MPAA meetings to help.The article is also a little wacky, in that it both highlights Berman's supposed "attention to detail," and his apparently frequent failures to know the names of the people he was talking about.Either way, you can understand why the legacy entertainment industry companies are sad to be losing such a close "friend," but aren't we all a little better off with Representatives who actually pay attention to what's best for the public, rather than just what's best for a few companies?
Filed Under: congress, copyright, howard berman, matt gerson, politics
Companies: mpaa, universal music
We analyse how populist far-right movements are challenging the promise of an integrated union.
Europe is at a crossroads. Populist far-right movements are challenging the very premise of an integrated European Union.
To understand Europe and where we are today … we have to go back to the Europe that no longer exists. Alina Polyakova, research scholar
Anti-immigration rhetoric is coalescing with anti-EU politics to challenge the liberal ideals of the European integrationist project.
In this two-part series, The Big Picture explores the interwoven history of the European project and the far right in postwar Europe - both East and West.
Beginning with the establishment of the European Coal and Steel Community from the ashes of World War II, we chart the trajectory of European integration, in tandem with the story of the European far right, recounting the series of shifts that have led to today's critical juncture: a post-Brexit European Union and a stark rise in support for far right, populist parties across Europe.
The Big Picture traces how far-right politics has increasingly crept into the mainstream, setting the political agenda on issues such as the EU, immigration and refugee policies.
Combining documentary storytelling with panel discussion, the series comprises both historical exposition and incisive analysis on the history and future of Europe.
INTERACTIVE: The making and breaking of Europe
PART TWO
The making and breaking of Europe - Part Two
Source: Al Jazeera News
Guy Bentley
Jersey is set to take on the tropical island of Bali in a race to become the most attractive jurisdiction for Bitcoin businesses.
Campaign group Bit.Coin.Je is hoping to solidify Jersey's reputation as a hospitable regulatory environment.
Oscar Darmawan, CEO of Bitcoin Indonesia, recently launched a new initiative called ‘Bitislands' in the hope of turning Bali into a Bitcoin paradise island.
Not to be outdone, co-founder of Bit.Coin.Je Robbie Andrews has high hopes for the crown dependency's prospects as go-to jurisdiction for Bitcoin businesses.
Speaking to digital currency news site Coindesk, Andrews said: “We feel that Jersey is perfectly positioned to become a cryptocurrency-friendly jurisdiction. We've got a very highly-regarded finance industry with world class AML/KYC expertise. Although not part of either, we're located between the UK and the EU with good communication links to both”.
Andrews believes that Jersey's high rate of smartphone ownership and forthcoming 4G connectivity, as well as an accommodating regulatory environment could induce the rapid take-up of Bitcoin. The group is aiming make it as easy as possible for residents to get involved with the world's favourite cryptocurrency.
To that end, Bit.Coin.Je is hoping to launch a Lamassu ATM within the next few weeks. Andrews, who has been interested in cryptocurrency since 2010, organised a fortnightly Bitcoin meetup along with his colleague Jon Day.
“Being able to gather these parties and communicate as a single voice is something we've already seen benefits from,” he told Coindesk.
Jersey authorities have also shown their support for digital currencies, with the Treasury and Resources Minister, Senator Philip Ozouf, saying Bitcoin businesses are "a sector that could hold significant opportunities for Jersey. We are keen to support local businesses by helping to create a well-regulated and responsive environment for investment in the sector".
However, Jersey is not the only crown dependency vying to be seen as the most attractive jurisdiction for Bitcoin.
Digital currencies have received a ringing endorsement from the government of the Isle of Man, which announced it will be taking specific measures to protect businesses and customers utilising digital currencies.
"Our stance is intended to welcome those who can meet the necessary standards while also preserving the Island's good reputation as a financial centre", said director of E-Business Development, Peter Greenhill.
The government has instructed departments and statutory bodies to ensure there is a regime that promotes business opportunities but also adheres to anti-money laundering requirements.
The minister for Economic Development, John Shimmin MHK, commented: "The Isle of Man is synonymous not only with innovation, but for a regulatory environment that is both effective and pragmatic".
Shimmin believes the move will bolster the island's status as a business friendly jurisdiction. "We will work with the business community in the coming months to ensure that a proportionate and appropriate regime is implemented that meets international standards," he added.
I think if I had grown up somewhere like San Francisco or New York or Paris, it would be easy to appreciate urbanism. I think a lot of people in those places look down on Atlanta – and we've certainly made a lot of mistakes. But when you understand the region and what's happening here, you begin to see the opportunity to define a new kind of city. Atlanta is not going to be Paris or New York. It's going to be a different kind of place and growing up here helps you to see what that might look like. Once you see it, it's beautiful. And unlike those other cities, or even cities like New Orleans, Atlanta is still growing up and becoming itself. To be a part of shaping that is exciting, and I don't know other places where you can do that. Atlanta's population growth is going make it a significantly different region in twenty years – to help shape and define what that looks like and who that future will be for is extremely important. It's challenging, but it's fun and exciting as well.
There are few more compelling political spectacles than an American election. It seems that each cycle, the public is treated to more and more entertaining gaffes, one-liners and downright strange behaviour.
It's hard to forget John Kerry wind surfing or Michael Dukakis's adventures in an armoured tank. Sarah Palin's joke in 2008 about the difference between a pit-bull and a hockey mom (lipstick) was rated hilarious by some and cringe-inducing by others.
But have this year's political antics reached a new level of craziness?
Here are nine memorable moments.
1. Dabbling in Witchcraft
When Tea Party-backed Christine O'Donnell roared on to the political scene in September, she seemed like a fresh new face. But she had a past - and it came back to haunt her.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Christine O'Donnell reacts after her 1999 witchcraft comments were rebroadcast
Over the years, it turned out, Ms O'Donnell had made several eyebrow-raising comments, usually in her capacity as a religious campaigner for socially conservative causes.
She railed against masturbation, which she equated with adultery, alleged that scientists were breeding mice with human brains, claimed evolution was a myth and said she had heard the voice of God in a previous run for the Senate.
She also told a satirical television show in the 1990s that she had "dabbled in witchcraft". The clip sparked a firestorm, which Ms O'Donnell tried to turn to her advantage, running a TV commercial where she stated: "I'm not a witch, I'm you."
2. Aqua Buddha
Image caption Kentucky's Senate candidates did shake hands at their final debate
Another Tea Party-backed candidate, Rand Paul, made headlines when he defeated the Republican Party's preferred candidate for Kentucky's open Senate seat. But his alleged pranks as a college student have also brought him much publicity.
In a GQ magazine profile, a female former classmate of Mr Paul's alleges that he and a friend kidnapped her, tied her up, forced her to smoke pot and to worship a fake god they called Aqua Buddha. Mr Paul and his friend were supposedly part of NoZe, a secret, irreverent society known for crude jokes and mocking Christianity.
Mr Paul of course denied the story, but that didn't stop his Democratic opponent, Jack Conway, from running a tough campaign ad based on the story which questioned Mr Paul's values and faith.
In the end, this ad backfired on Mr Conway. A new poll shows just 15% of Kentucky voters think the ad was "appropriate". Having closed the gap with Mr Paul, Mr Conway is now trailing him again in the polls by double figures.
3. 'Shove it, Obama'
Rhode Island is a reliably Democratic state in presidential elections but it has had its fair share of Republican governors. Perhaps it's not so surprising then that this year the Democratic candidate for Governor Frank Caprio is trying to distance himself from Barack Obama.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Democratic gubernatorial candidate Frank Caprio tells Obama to 'shove' his endorsement
What is perhaps surprising was his choice of words. Mr Caprio told a local radio station that Mr Obama could "take his endorsement and really shove it" after the president didn't formally endorse him during a recent campaign stop in the state.
Senior Obama Adviser David Axelrod told a cable news show that Mr Caprio had called the White House seeking an endorsement several weeks before the comments, but had been told that the Mr Obama was staying on the sidelines because of his friendship with the independent candidate in the race, former Senator Lincoln Chafee.
4. 'You look Asian to me'
For political satirists, Nevada's Republican Senate candidate Sharron Angle is a veritable treasure trove. Running in a tight race against Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, the Tea Party favourite is one of the most closely watched candidates in the country.
Image caption Polls show Sharron Angle in a statistical tie with Harry Reid
She has made her fair share of gaffes. She claimed two US towns were operating under Sharia law, mocked the idea that autism should be covered by health insurance, and once advocated a programme of massages and saunas for drug-addicted prison inmates.
But it's her immigration politics that have caused the biggest stir in the heavily Hispanic state. Asked at a high school why her anti-immigration ads seemed to cast Latinos in a negative light, she replied that she wasn't sure if the actors were supposed to be Latino.
"I don't know that all of you are Latino," she continued before the largely Hispanic crowd. "Some of you look a little more Asian to me."
5. Handcuffing a reporter
Several candidates this year are furiously avoiding reporters. Christine O'Donnell has denied nearly all media requests. So too has Sharron Angle, whose campaign was recently involved in a bizarre incident where decoys were apparently used to allow Ms Angle to escape waiting reporters.
But it is in Alaska, where the oddest incident occurred.
After a campaign event at a local high school, security guards hired by Tea Party favourite Joe Miller intercepted local reporter Tony Hopfinger, who says he was trying to ask the candidate a question. Mr Miller had earlier stated he would no longer answer media questions about his past.
The guards say Mr Hopfinger was aggressively pursuing the candidate. Mr Hopfinger says the guards encircled him, threateningly, and he tried to push one away. At any rate, the guards slapped handcuffs on the reporter until police arrived at the scene and released him.
6. Scratch and sniff
Image caption Loretta Sanchez is accused of stinking like Washington
A congressional campaign in California is possibly the first to exploit not only the senses of sight and hearing, but also smell.
Incumbent Loretta Sanchez first caused a stink by telling Spanish language television that "the Vietnamese" were trying to take her seat away. Her Republican opponent Van Tran was born in Vietnam.
Mr Tran retaliated with an inventive piece of campaign mail containing a "scratch and sniff" panel that gives off a foul odour.
"Something smells rotten about Loretta," the mailer reads. "It's the stench of Washington."
7. New York, New York
Image caption Mr Paladino and Mr McMillan have made the New York Governor's race a lively one
The race to be governor of New York has provided a number of dramatic and controversial moments, some of them courtesy of Republican candidate Carl Paladino.
Mr Paladino at one point threatened to "take out" a reporter, after a heated discussion about Mr Paladino's mistress and their daughter.
Then he told a group of Orthodox Jews that he didn't want his children "brainwashed" into thinking that homosexuality was a valid lifestyle choice.
He also told NBC's Today programme that New York's gay pride parade was a "disgusting" event where men in "little Speedos... grind against each other". He insists he is not homophobic and it was later revealed that he had for years rented properties to gay nightclubs.
But at New York's gubernatorial debate, even the hot-tempered Mr Paladino was upstaged by a fiery candidate from "The Rent is Too Damn High" party - a handlebar-moustache sporting, glove-wearing karate instructor who cited his party's slogan nine times during the evening.
Jim McMillan's performance has gone viral, inspiring a Saturday Night Live sketch and a toy action figure.
8. Dress up
Rich Iott, the Republican candidate for Ohio's ninth District, used to be part of a World War II reenactment group.
That wouldn't be so bad, except Mr Iott used to dress up as a Nazi, playing the role of a feared Schutzstaffel secret service agent.
9. Alvin Greene
Image caption A hip-hop homage to Mr Greene has gone viral
Primary elections often throw up unexpected results - but few are as unexpected as the election of Alvin Greene as the Democratic Party's candidate for the South Carolina Senate seat.
Mr Greene, an unemployed 33-year-old former serviceman, was unknown to the local Democratic Party establishment and appeared to have done no campaigning, but nonetheless won 59% of the vote, defeating former circuit court judge Vic Rawl.
The day after winning the primary, Mr Greene was indicted on obscenity charges for allegedly showing a pornographic image to a female college student and suggesting they go to her room.
His campaign continues unabated though, with policy ideas including stimulating the economy by manufacturing a doll of himself. A hip-hop homage to Mr Greene has also gone viral.
R E S O L U T I O N
WHEREAS, The life of a renowned Texas athlete drew to a close
with the passing of former Dallas Cowboy Jethro Pugh on January 7,
2015, at the age of 70; and
WHEREAS, Born on July 3, 1944, in Windsor, North Carolina,
Jethro Pugh attended Bertie High School and subsequently enrolled
at Elizabeth City State University at the age of 16; he
distinguished himself as a talented player on both offense and
defense for ECSU, earning all-conference honors in 1963 and 1964
for his play as a defensive end; and
WHEREAS, Mr. Pugh was selected by Dallas in the 11th round of
the 1965 National Football League Draft; one of the original
members of the team's vaunted "Doomsday Defense," he anchored the
line from his spot at tackle and played a central role in the
Cowboys' rise to prominence in the late 1960s and early 1970s;
during his third season, he took part in the legendary 1967 "Ice
Bowl" game, when Dallas was narrowly defeated by the Green Bay
Packers for the NFL Championship; the determined efforts of
Mr. Pugh and his teammates would not be denied, however, and the
club would go on to collect five NFC Championships and two Super
Bowl titles in the course of his 14-year career; he led Dallas in
sacks for five consecutive seasons from 1968 to 1972, and his 95.5
career sacks rank sixth all-time in team history; he retired
following the 1978-1979 NFL season, having played in a then-record
23 playoff games; and
WHEREAS, After his playing days ended, Mr. Pugh found success
as an entrepreneur by opening a gift shop in the Dallas-Fort Worth
International Airport, an enterprise that later grew into a chain
of stores; he also found time to give back to others as the founder
and namesake of the Jethro Pugh Celebrity Golf Tournament, an
annual event in the Dallas area that raises funds for the United
Negro College Fund; and
WHEREAS, Mr. Pugh's accomplishments were recognized with a
number of significant accolades, including selection as an NFL
All-Pro player and induction into the CIAA Hall of Fame, the North
Carolina Sports Hall of Fame, the ECSU Sports Hall of Fame, and the
National Black College Alumni Hall of Fame; and
WHEREAS, A superb athlete, a fierce competitor, and a
respected businessman, Jethro Pugh excelled on and off the
gridiron, and he will be fondly remembered by his family and friends
as well as by countless football fans in the Lone Star State and
beyond; now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That the House of Representatives of the 84th Texas
Legislature hereby pay tribute to the life of Jethro Pugh and extend
sincere sympathy to the members of his family; and, be it further
RESOLVED, That an official copy of this resolution be
prepared for his family and that when the Texas House of
Representative adjourns this day, it does so in memory of Jethro
Pugh.
Johnson
Straus Guillen Otto
Allen Gutierrez Paddie
Alonzo Harless Parker
Alvarado Hernandez Paul
Anchia Herrero Peña
Anderson of Dallas Howard Phelan
Anderson of McLennan Huberty Phillips
Ashby Hughes Pickett
Aycock Hunter Price
Bell Isaac Raney
Blanco Israel Raymond
Bohac Johnson Reynolds
Bonnen of Brazoria Kacal Riddle
Bonnen of Galveston Keffer Rinaldi
Burkett Keough Rodriguez of Bexar
Burns King of Hemphill Rodriguez of Travis
Burrows King of Parker Romero, Jr.
Button King of Taylor Rose
Canales King of Uvalde Sanford
Capriglione Kleinschmidt Schaefer
Clardy Klick Schofield
Coleman Koop Shaheen
Collier Krause Sheets
Cook Kuempel Sheffield
Craddick Landgraf Simmons
Crownover Larson Simpson
Dale Laubenberg Smith
Darby Leach Smithee
Davis of Dallas Longoria Spitzer
Davis of Harris Lozano Springer
Deshotel Lucio III Stephenson
Dukes Márquez Stickland
Dutton Martinez Thompson of Brazoria
Elkins Martinez Fischer Thompson of Harris
Faircloth McClendon Tinderholt
Fallon Menéndez Turner of Collin
Farias Metcalf Turner of Harris
Farney Meyer Turner of Tarrant
Farrar Miles VanDeaver
Fletcher Miller of Comal Villalba
Flynn Miller of Fort Bend Vo
Frank Moody Walle
Frullo Morrison White of Bell
Galindo Muñoz, Jr. White of Tyler
Geren Murphy Workman
Giddings Murr Wray
Goldman Naishtat Wu
Gonzales Nevárez Zedler
González Oliveira Zerwas
Guerra
______________________________
Speaker of the House
I certify that H.R. No. 131 was unanimously adopted by a rising
vote of the House on January 14, 2015.
______________________________
"Ecstasy" [(+/-)-3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine, MDMA, XTC, X, E] is a psychoactive recreational hallucinogenic substance and a major worldwide drug of abuse. Several reports raised the concern that MDMA has the ability to induce neurotoxic effects both in laboratory animals and humans. Despite more than two decades of research, the mechanisms by which MDMA is neurotoxic are still to be fully elucidated. MDMA induces serotonergic terminal loss in rats and also in some mice strains, but also a broader neuronal degeneration throughout several brain areas such as the cortex, hippocampus, and striatum. Meanwhile, in human "ecstasy" abusers, there are evidences for deficits in seronergic biochemical markers, which correlate with long-term impairments in memory and learning. There are several factors that contribute to MDMA-induced neurotoxicity, namely, hyperthermia, monoamine oxidase metabolism of dopamine and serotonin, dopamine oxidation, the serotonin transporter action, nitric oxide, and the formation of peroxinitrite, glutamate excitotoxicity, serotonin 2A receptor agonism, and, importantly, the formation of MDMA neurotoxic metabolites. The present review covered the following topics: history and epidemiology, pharmacological mechanisms, metabolic pathways and the influence of isoenzyme genetic polymorphisms, as well as the acute effects of MDMA in laboratory animals and humans, with a special focus on MDMA-induced neurotoxic effects at the cellular and molecular level. The main aim of this review was to contribute to the understanding of the cellular and molecular mechanisms involved in MDMA neurotoxicity, which can help in the development of therapeutic approaches to prevent or treat the long-term neuropsychiatric complications of MDMA abuse in humans.
GURGAON: A lunch-hour 'pastry-eating competition' among colleagues at an MNC office in Gurgaon turned into a grim tragedy when one of the 'contestants' choked and died after eating too much, too fast. (
)
Saurav Sabbarwal, 22, working as solutions engineer with Nokia Siemens Networking, was declared 'brought dead' at the Max Hospital after colleagues allegedly found him unconscious in the office washroom.
Saurav, a resident of Patparganj in east Delhi, was taking part in the pastry competition at the office cafeteria when he suddenly felt unwell and went to the toilet, police said. "They were all having fun when Saurav went to the washroom around 1.30pm. After he hadn't returned for a long while, his friends went into the toilet and found him unconscious," said Satinder Kumar, SHO, Udyog Vihar police station.
It's not clear whether it was an informal bet among colleagues or an eatsing competition organized by the company. Officials from Nokia Siemens Networking refused to speak on the incident while police said they were investigating the angle.
Dr Sushum Sharma, medical advisor at Max Hospital, Gurgaon, said food had entered Saurav's windpipe which caused the death.
"Saurav had stuffed himself with so many pastries so fast that his windpipe was choked. In fact, when we put him on the resuscitation machine, foodstuff was coming out of the windpipe. There was no way air could have passed through to his lungs," he said, adding that it was difficult to guess how many pastries Saurav had eaten.
Dr Sharma said the hospital got a call from the company around 2pm. "They said a patient was being sent to us as he had fallen unconscious. Even though his heartbeat had stopped and pupils had dilated, we hoped against hope and tried to revive him. But it did not work as he was already dead," he said.
An FIR has been lodged under Section 174 of CrPC (unnatural death) and police said a postmortem will be conducted on Wednesday morning.
Saurav's father, R K Sabbarwal, who works as a manager at Punjab National Bank, Rajendra Park, Delhi, was inconsolable with grief.
"My son was such a lively and fun-loving boy. He had joined this company only in June this year. In the afternoon, when I got a call that he is no more, I almost passed out. My world has come to an end," said the distraught father. He also alleged that it was carelessness on part of the company which led to the tragic death.
Shortly after the release of the Senate Republican health care bill on Thursday, a group of protesters — some wheelchair-bound or wearing medical devices — were dragged away by police from the hallway outside of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's office.
The protesters were members of the national disability rights group ADAPT, who said the controversial health care bill is a direct threat to people with disabilities.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
“We are at @SenateMajLdr demanding he stop the attacks on Disabled people's freedom with #AHCA,” the group wrote on its Twitter page, including a video from the protest that appeared to show police officers carrying away one of the wheelchair-bound protesters.
Other footage shows protesters being removed by police from their wheelchairs and dragged or carried away. The Washington Post reported that several people were arrested during the protest.
Meanwhile, Sen. Chuck Schumer spoke out against the newly released Senate Republican health care bill on Thursday, calling the proposed legislation “heartless” and a “wolf in sheep's clothing.”
“The way this bill cuts health care is heartless,” Schumer said on the Senate floor. “The president said the House bill was mean. The Senate bill may be meaner. The Senate Republican health care bill is a wolf in sheep's clothing. Only this wolf has even sharper teeth than the House bill.”
“It's clear that Republicans know that cutting Medicaid will hurt so many people in the middle class, so many in my home state of New York,” Schumer continued. “Republicans know that people want essential health benefits, so they've created a disguise by saying these changes won't occur for a year.”
Schumer was far from the only one to slam the bill. After the closely guarded legislation — which was written entirely behind closed doors — was finally unveiled on Thursday morning, a protest formed outside Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's office in the Capitol.
Protest outside of McConnell's office after release of Senate healthcare bill pic.twitter.com/FfALhh52Rd — Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) June 22, 2017
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi also criticized the bill as a ruse, saying Thursday: This bill “is yet again a tax bill disguised as a health care bill. They need this in order to do their tax breaks for the high end to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars. It's unfortunate.”
Many other critics and Democratic leaders took to Twitter to express their anger and frustration.
If you're waiting for the right moment to call your Senator about Trumpcare, the moment is now. Don't wait until it's too late. 202-224-3121 — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 22, 2017
Minnesotans understand that the GOP health care bill will harm the well-being of millions of people in our state and across the country. — Sen. Al Franken (@SenFranken) June 22, 2017
Hi @SenateGOP, We will fight #Trumpcare like our lives depend on it—because they do. Signed,
All who believe health care is a human right — Women's March (@womensmarch) June 22, 2017
It's just this simple: The AHCA is a huge tax cut for the WEALTHY funded by GUTTING the United States health care system. — Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) June 22, 2017
Health care bill sounds like it'll turn U.S. into a giant hunger games. @GOP wants the poor and sick to die off to free up resources for 1% — JW (@darkwavenyc) June 22, 2017
If you need treatment for opioid addiction, your plan may no longer cover it under #Trumpcare. — Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) June 22, 2017
We live in the wealthiest country on Earth; surely we can do better than what the Republican #healthcarebill promises. — Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) June 22, 2017
Schumer also tweeted out a message of warning about the bill, writing: “If you need treatment for opioid addiction, your plan may no longer cover it under #Trumpcare.”
“We live in the wealthiest country on Earth,” he added in a second tweet. “Surely we can do better than what the Republican #healthcarebill promises.”
Werner Drechsler (January 17, 1923 in Mühlberg, Germany – March 12, 1944 in Papago Park, Arizona) was a German U-boat crewman during World War II. He was stationed on U-118 which was sunk off the Azores in 1943. When he was taken prisoner he enthusiastically cooperated with his captors, probably because his father had spent time in one of Hitler's Concentration Camps as a political prisoner.[citation needed]
Eventually, United States Navy intelligence officers recruited Drechsler as a spy and placed him in a prisoner of war (POW) camp near Fort Meade, Maryland with other U-Boat sailors. After arrival, Drechsler worked undercover, befriending his fellow POWs in order to collect information regarding German submarine technology, operational procedures and tactics and any other intelligence which could be useful to the allies.
On March 12, 1944 Drechsler was transferred to a different POW camp in Arizona which was filled mainly with other submariners of the Kriegsmarine. This transfer took place even though Drechsler was supposed to be kept segregated from other naval prisoners, particularly his former crewmates on the U-118, who were aware of Drechsler's spying activities. Drechsler's transfer to Arizona quickly had fatal results: some members of the U-118 were confined at the camp and they immediately recognised their former crewmate. Word of Drechsler's undercover activities spread rapidly through the camp, and a kangaroo court was convened while Drechsler was asleep. The other prisoners eventually decided that it was necessary to kill Drechsler to ensure he could no longer spy upon them, and also to act as a deterrent for any other POWs who might consider collaborating with the enemy. The next morning Drechsler was found hanging in the shower room.
Seven men (Helmut Fischer, Fritz Franke, Günter Külsen, Heinrich Ludwig, Bernhard Reyak, Otto Stengel and Rolf Wizny) were tried by a general court-martial and executed for the beating and hanging of Werner Drechsler. In the last mass execution in the United States, the men were hanged on August 25, 1945 at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.[1]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
HUONG was only 15 when she went out to meet a friend in Lao Cai, a city in northern Vietnam on the Chinese border (see map). She thought she would be gone a few hours, but it was three years before she managed to return home. Her friend had brought with her two acquaintances—young men with motorcycles. They squired the girls around town and took them to a karaoke bar, where their drinks were spiked.
When the girls grew drowsy they were hoisted back onto the bikes, each sandwiched between two male riders. They were driven into the hills and across the Chinese border to a remote house in the countryside. There they were told they would be sold. The girls screamed and cried but were subdued by two men, one of them wielding a stick. The traffickers told Huong that by crossing the border she had sullied her reputation, but that if she behaved well they would find her a Chinese husband. After marrying she might find a way home, they said. If she refused she would stay stranded in the hills.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Huong—a pseudonym, to protect her identity—is now 20 years old. She lives in a large bungalow in Lao Cai, which she shares with a dozen women aged between 15 and 24 (an occupant is pictured). They are all survivors of trafficking networks that smuggle girls across the Vietnam-China border, sometimes to be sold as prostitutes but more often as brides. Their house, with its enormous teddy bears and fleet of fuchsia-pink bicycles, is a shelter run by Pacific Links Foundation, an American charity, which helps victims finish their education and cope with their trauma.
Around the world some 15m people are living in marriages into which they were forced, including some who were abducted, according to a recent study by the International Labour Organisation, a UN body, and human-rights groups. In China the trafficking of women is particularly acute, in part because a preference for sons has left the country with a severely skewed sex ratio. Between 1979 and 2015 the imbalance was aggravated by a one-child-per-couple policy, which prompted many to abort females before they were born. The Chinese Academy of Social Sciences has estimated that by 2020 there will be 30m-40m Chinese men who will be unable to find wives in their own country.
One consequence of this is booming business for matchmakers who offer to import women from China's poorer neighbours, particularly Laos, Myanmar, Cambodia, Vietnam, Mongolia and North Korea. Some of these women, seeking a route out of poverty at home, freely choose a Chinese marriage and gain the necessary approvals. But along China's borders, kidnapping is rife.
The stories told by trafficking survivors and Vietnamese officials in Lao Cai shed light on this grim trade. Each year between 100 and 150 trafficked Vietnamese women return to their country through the town's border gate, says an official there—probably only a small proportion of the total who are lured or abducted the other way. Some of the victims' ordeals begin when, like Huong, they are drugged or kidnapped. Others are duped into thinking they are going to a party or to meet a potential boyfriend. Sometimes members of their own families are complicit.
Groomed online
Diep Vuong of Pacific Links thinks victims are getting younger (in China, women have to be at least 20 to get married, but marriages to abducted foreigners are often unregistered). The spread of cheap smartphones and improvements in mobile networks are making it easier for traffickers to use social media to befriend schoolgirls in Vietnam's hills. These criminals earn as little as $50 for each woman they bring into China, where they are often resold far inland by middlemen. Chinese police report that at their final destination Vietnamese women fetch prices of between around 60,000 and 100,000 yuan ($9,000-15,000).
Some snatched women and girls return home swiftly. A 17-year-old who lives at the bungalow with Huong says she was gone for only two days before a woman on the Chinese side of the border helped her to escape. A fellow resident, who returned from China a month ago, walks with a limp. She says she broke her leg leaping from the house in which her traffickers were holding her. Chinese police later found her lying in the street.
Huong's story is longer. She was kept at her traffickers' house and threatened for two months. When she finally agreed to be married she was driven for two days to a city in Anhui, a province north-west of Shanghai. She was warned not to let her new family find out that she was Vietnamese. She was to pretend to be a Chinese citizen belonging to an ethnic minority with cross-border cultural links.
The man to whom she was sold into marriage was in his early 20s. He was from a wealthy family, which had paid 90,000 yuan for her. Her husband explained that he had not really wanted to get married, but that his parents were keen. They had told him that an ethnic-minority bride would be more obedient than someone from the ethnic-Han majority. Such claims are commonly made by matchmakers. One Chinese mail-order marriage site says Vietnamese women are cheap, obedient and unlikely to run away: they are “so gentle and loving they will make you melt”.
The greatest demand for foreign wives is in the countryside, particularly among men who are poor or disabled, says Jiang Quanbao of Xi'an Jiaotong University. In rural areas not only is the sex ratio an impediment to finding a bride, so too is the migration of women to the cities in search of work and higher-status males. Impoverished villages sometimes end up with dozens of foreign wives, as word spreads of their availability.
Villagers often have sympathy for the buyers—they may even help to prevent trafficked women from fleeing. Escape is not at all simple for women without money of their own and with limited Chinese-language skills. North Koreans who contact the authorities risk being repatriated and then sent to concentration camps. That makes them particularly vulnerable to traffickers. Amid rising tensions on the Korean peninsula caused by North Korea's nuclear tests, police in nearby Chinese provinces are becoming more watchful for unauthorised migrants from across the border, including North Korean women who have been sold into marriage.
Once victims become mothers, their decisions about whether and how to leave China become even more difficult. So it was for Huong. She had been taken to Anhui with another Vietnamese girl who was being sold into the same district. The pair agreed that they would find a way home together. But their plan had to be postponed soon after arrival, because Huong's friend became pregnant. By the time the baby was delivered Huong was expecting a child, too. Less than a month after she gave birth, Huong's in-laws sent her to live and work at a textile factory nearly four hours away, leaving her baby behind. Her husband would turn up on payday to collect most of her wages—about 6,000 yuan a month. Eventually Huong concluded that the family meant to keep her estranged from her daughter. She resolved to escape back to Vietnam.
Huong scraped together enough money to travel independently. Her own parents, whom she had managed to contact a few months after reaching Anhui, helped her work out where best to present herself to the authorities. The Chinese police kept her for three months while they investigated her story, after which they arrested some of the people involved in trafficking her. Then they sent her back to Vietnam, though her baby remained in China.
In June the American government reported that China was “not making significant efforts” to tackle human trafficking. It relegated China to the ranks of countries, such as Venezuela, Turkmenistan and South Sudan, which it rates as the worst for their record in dealing with the problem. But Chinese police say they are not sitting on their hands. They report that between 2009 and the middle of last year, they “rescued several thousand women of foreign nationality” in anti-trafficking operations that involved co-operation with their counterparts in Vietnam, Myanmar and Laos (pictured are victims being sent back to Vietnam by Chinese police in 2015). More than 1,000 people were arrested for related crimes.
In some provinces government registrars are trying to spot unwilling foreign brides by hiring staff with knowledge of regional languages. The government says that stricter policing last year in the borderlands reduced trafficking from Vietnam.
It is difficult, however, to prosecute people for buying abducted women. In 2015 the law was revised to make legal action easier. But the law says that, in cases where the woman wants to return and the buyer does not try to prevent it, punishment can be lighter or the sentence can be commuted. Cross-border operations remain hostage to China's relations with its neighbours. Ties with Vietnam, an age-old rival, are often frosty.
Huong is now finishing high school, and hopes to study medicine. She says she “will not regret” having to leave her daughter in China. A baby would have been a burden on her family in Vietnam, and she worried that having no father would thrust the child into a legal limbo. Her in-laws were wealthy, at least, and seemed devoted to her daughter, she says. They were “good people.”
A supporter of Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney was spotted wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words "Put the white back in the White House" at a campaign event this week:
(Credit: Getty Images)
The Getty Images photograph was taken on Friday at a Romney/Ryan campaign event in Lancaster, Ohio.
According to Buzzfeed, a Romney spokesperson "commented that the shirt was reprehensible and has no place in this election."
This is not the first time in recent weeks that racism has been directed towards President Barack Obama.
On Tuesday, The Huffington Post reported that "a spate of symbolic protests against [the president] that have featured empty chairs and racist imagery continued this week in California, with an arrangement featuring a noose, watermelons and a birther sign."
"Go back to Kenya you idiot," read the sign that was reportedly set up along a remote road in Santa Clara County, Calif.
And last month, an Obama supporter in Texas said her Obama/Biden yard sign had been vandalized with the words "N*GGER LOVER -- Obama Sucks D*ck!"
"We have at least 4 African American families living on this street. I'm so offended," said the woman in the wake of the vandalism. "Not just because whoever did this is ignorant and misinformed and trespassed and vandalized my sign, but infinitely more for my neighbors who might have driven by and seen it.”
Following a huge beating in the immediate aftermath of the vote for Brexit, British stocks have recovered almost all the ground they lost since Thursday.
The FTSE 100 index surged Wednesday and broke through levels not seen since before the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union. The FTSE 100 rose 3.6 percent and closed at 6,338.10.
Financial experts were surprised by the strong resurgence of British companies. “It is safe to say that, of all the post-Brexit outcomes discussed across the City over the past few months, ‘buying frenzy' was not one that was viewed as very likely,” Chris Beauchamp, senior market analyst at spread-betting firm IG, told the BBC.
“The plethora of bargains on offer, plus a welcome period of calm in the UK/EU relationship has provided the opportunity for markets to recover in impressive fashion,” he added.
The FTSE 250, which took an even bigger hit than the FTSE 100 after the Brexit vote, also recovered to the same level it was at a week before Brits went to the polls, climbing 3.22 percent.
The British pound rallied and rose two cents against the dollar at 1.35. “With no likelihood of Article 50 of the Lisbon treaty getting triggered anytime soon, it seems that the status quo isn't likely to change in the short-term,” said Michael Hewson, chief market analyst at CMC Markets.
One of the biggest reasons for the rebound is the expectation that the world's central banks will ease monetary policy and pump further stimulus into the economy to counter the effects of Brexit.
In the U.S., the Dow Jones jumped more than 250 points — or 1.5 percent — thanks to rising oil prices and subsiding fears over the consequences of Brexit. (RELATED: Standard & Poor's Strips UK Of Top Credit Rating After Brexit Vote)
It's highly likely that U.K. markets will be subject to volatility for some time thanks to the uncertainty over Britain's future leadership and relationship with the EU.
Follow Guy on Twitter
Send tips to guy@dailycallernewsfoundation.org
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
I'm sorry to be doing this over the phone, your father has forbidden me from seeing you in person. I'm sorry, he just cannot support your lifestyle anymore, he will not be speaking to you again, he asked me to tell you.
That was my stepmother, the day after Thanksgiving, the day after she discovered I was dating someone. Someone who was not white. Someone who was black. Someone who was sitting in the next room and knew what the phone call was going to be about before it even started.
Your father wants you to know that he still loves you. But you've gone too far.
She won't say the reason. She won't acknowledge that it is a race thing. Like not saying “because he's black” makes it not racist.
Your lifestyle is just not OK with him, he has bent as much as he will bend. He has bent so much and you haven't bent at all.
I insist on clarification, “My lifestyle?”
Yes. Your father is an old Southern man, he was raised like that, he was raised to believe that races just don't mix. It was the final straw. He loves you, he just doesn't like you.
“So, this is entirely because he's black?”
I told him it didn't matter to you, that all you cared about was that someone didn't believe in God and nothing else. But he just can't bend anymore. You knew this would be his reaction.
I was admittedly worried he'd disapprove, but then he'd meet the boyfriend and like him and it would be fine. Also, my boyfriend isn't even atheist.
We're not telling you what to do. If you love him, you should be with him. But I'm going to stand by my husband, just as you some day, if you get married, will stand by yours. We both love you, he's just not going to talk to you. Maybe, in a long time, he might change his mind, but I don't think so. I think it was too much.
***
I met someone several months ago, our mutual friend introduced us and we hit it off immediately. It's long distance, so at first it was just days-long text and video chats, which became weeks-long, which became months-long — we only stop talking when we absolutely have to. I don't even know how we've filled up the space. And the chats became long weekends and meeting friends and Facebook status changes and negotiating holidays and what will happen when I graduate with my PhD.
He is smart, but more importantly, he is passionate and open and honest to a fault. He was introduced to me as the “straight male ani difranco”, he makes documentaries and works for non-profits. I play the ukulele, he plays the guitar, and we compete heavily for lead singing duty. Theoretically we will learn to sing in harmony.
I have been remarkably happy, regardless of other setbacks and challenges and the realities of life and school, I have felt very lucky to have this relationship blossom over the last few months.
He was with me for Thanksgiving, to meet my mom and stepdad and brother and rest of my family. Except my dad. My mother, who is much wiser than me and deserves full credit for being right, told me not to tell my dad until she could grease the wheels, but I, who wanted to make the boyfriend part of my family, foolishly overreached and talked to my father thinking that she was underestimating his fundamental human decency.
And now my father has just disowned me.
I suppose I am thankful that he waited until the day after Thanksgiving to do it. Not that he told me, he made my stepmother his proxy as he was too angry to speak to me directly. I have been disowned for loving someone my father does not approve of.
To be fair, we weren't the closest of friends. He did not approve of my liberal politics, and I didn't approve of his crush on Sarah Palin, but we were civil and spent birthdays and Christmas together. I loved him very much, and I still do. For whatever that's worth. He is extremely conservative, but he's not super religious. It's weird, as I think about it, I can't think of anyone who was disowned by a non-religious parent. I am sure I will discover it to be an illustrious club now.
As a gay rights activist, I've always struggled with the idea that there are people in society who think it is appropriate to punish someone for being in love. Love is the most beautiful thing humans can experience, there's simply no reason to deny it to anyone. If I was reading this, without knowing the full story, I would just instinctively assume that it was a story about someone being gay, because you still often hear about people being disowned for that. But no, this was way more 1967 than that.
I was disowned for having a black boyfriend.
Miscegenation is apparently still a problem, at least for my dad. It's not that I thought I was living in a world that was post-racial, I'm just unaccustomed to racism being so blatant. Tacit disapproval, sure, but outright racist comments were, I thought, essentially the purview of Internet trolls and people who apparently exist but no one knows very well personally.
Hopelessly naive, I suppose, to think that some fifty years on people could, with some prodding, be willing to judge someone by the content of their character rather than the color of their skin.
***
1967, the year the Supreme Court forced every state to recognize interracial marriage in Loving v Virginia, seems like a very long time ago to me. And 45 years is quite a long time. But my dad wasn't so young then, already in his twenties, and it's not like South Carolina was very happy about it. It took until 1998, which doesn't seem that long ago at all, for the state to formally remove the anti-miscegenation laws from the State Constitution.
Things have changed rapidly. In 2010, 15% of new marriages were interracial, a third of people report being immediately related to an interracial couple, and the overall percentage of marriages that are interracial is now 8.4%. Among my generation, approval of interracial dating is at 94%, and among my dad's generation, approval of interracial dating is 84%. We have a mixed-race president!
Of course, none of that means that the problems of racism are in the past, far from it, but I've always felt like so much of the problem was structural and unconscious, not malicious and open. Racial inequalities in schools, health outcomes, poverty, prison rates, drug rates, and education rates are horrific — at only 16% of the population, black people make up over half of all new HIV cases, 60% of the prison population, and 43% of murder victims in the United States.
It is important for people to acknowledge the deep iniquities in this country that need to be addressed. It is important for people to acknowledge the depth of racism that has survived the counter-culture that we still must fight every day. And I do not claim to be perfect on this front, far from it, just as I am not a perfect feminist, but I try. It is important to try.
***
I keep running through my mind of what I could have done differently. I could have followed my mother's advice and not told him, let her try to soften the blow. My poor mother is devastated for me, that's worse than what happened with Dad, really — she is the best and I hate making her unhappy.
I could have pointed out all the things that I haven't done to be a disappointment to him. I mean, yes, I'm a liberal who supports equality, but I just keep making a list in my head of all these other things I could have done that would have been upsetting to him*:
I have never been a drug addict
I have never been a drunk or alcoholic
I have never killed anyone
I have never been arrested
I have never been a sex worker
I have never gone through a rebellious phase
I have never gotten pregnant out of wedlock
I have never failed school
I am, in general, pretty much the opposite of a fuck up, and I sit here and wonder… would my father like me better if I'd gotten drunk and run someone over and been sent to jail and dropped out of school… and I think the answer is yes and I don't know what to do about it.
I don't know how one goes about coping with these things. I have a very supportive family, friends, and boyfriend. And Dad and I were never super close. And, perhaps there were things I could have done better, but none of them change the fact that my dad is the kind of person who would disown their only child for dating “out of race”.
And I know some will say that I'm better to be rid of him, and maybe they're right. Maybe it's a relief to just be able to be myself without that particular Sword of Damocles hanging over my head, but he's my dad. And I'm his only kid. Well, not any more I guess.
I guess it's sort of like a divorce. I don't even think I have any insight to add to this other than the following: This still happens in 2012 in the United States.
*things that would upset him, not things that represent anything like justification for disowning someone and most of which aren't moral crimes at all to my mind
Advertisement
This feisty little guy is a quadruped robot called SQ1. It's a project by South Korean company SimLab, whom we met at the IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems last month. Their RoboticsLab simulation software is being used to figure out how to get the quadruped to walk without actually, you know, having to risk a trial-and-error approach on a real robot. And it works! Or rather, it mostly works:
We don't know too much about it, but apparently, there's a much larger (think BigDog/AlphaDog sized) quadruped in existence (sponsored by the South Korean government). This smaller robot is being used to test out different gaits that have proven themselves in simulation, before the full-sized (and more expensive) version tries not to fall over on its own.
[ RoboticsLab ]
Just announced a few moments ago are two brand-new products from Pioneer DJ. The DDJ-SR2 is a much-needed updated two channel controllers, while the DJM-S3 is an entry-level DJM battle/DVS mixer. Both are designed very specifically with Serato DJ users in mind, which will be welcome news for many users who might be wondering if Pioneer DJ is only focusing on Rekordbox. Keep reading for the details.
DDJ-SR2: Two Channel Upgrade
Every other DDJ-S controller has gotten an iterative update, but for some reason the two-channel DDJ-SR2 has been absent until now. We're not entirely sure the motivation behind the delay, aside from the fact that the original controller has continued to be very capable.
There are a handful of updates on the new controller version, including:
multi-color performance pads
dedicated controls for Serato DJ Pitch ‘n Time expansion (which is included): Key Shift, Key Sync buttons, and a pad mode for Pitch Play control
Serato DVS upgrade ready (license not included)
18% lighter than the original DDJ-SR
Master output is now balanced XLR (used to be 1/4″ out) as well as RCA out
The new DDJ-SR2 is available now in the DJTT store for $699.
DJM-S3 Mixer
At the same time Pioneer DJ is launching a new mixer for Serato DJ users as well – the DJM-S3. It's a clear attempt to cement the company's dominance in the battle mixer world (the DJM-S9 has continued to dominate sales charts), So why not make an entry-level model in the same family?
The DJM-S3 aims to do just that, providing the basic DJM battle workflow without too many overwhelming effects or features. It has a core set of functionality, including:
Serato DJ-ready sound card with DVS support
Magvel crossfader (as found on DJM-900NXS2)
independent channel filters with parameter control for adjustable resonance
XLR outs, two headphone outputs, GND terminal and mic/aux inputs.
The DJM-S3 is also shipping very soon in September, for a price of $499.
Donald Trump has ramped up his attacks against the women accusing him of sexual assault, firing back at them personally at a campaign rally without using their names.
Speaking in front of a rowdy crowd in Greensboro, North Carolina, Friday afternoon, Trump said all of the allegations were lies, called one accuser a “horrible woman,” told his followers to look up another on Facebook and said another accuser “would not be my first choice.”
“When you looked at that horrible woman last night, you said, ‘I don't think so,'” he said about one of his accusers.
The rally was Trump's most aggressive effort yet to defend himself on the sexual assault allegations that have come out since he denied ever touching women inappropriately at the second presidential debate. He mocked the allegations, calling them lies and, at one point, even mimicking grabbing someone with his hand.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
While Trump was speaking, former Apprentice contestant Summer Zervos was holding a press conference in which she said that in 2007 Trump kissed her, groped her and attempted to seduce her during what she thought was a professional dinner meeting.
At the rally, Trump called People magazine reporter Natasha Stoynoff, who claims he forcibly kissed her in 2005 while she was writing an article about him, a liar, and may have implied for the second time that she was not attractive enough for him to try to kiss. (On Thursday, he said of Stoynoff, “Look at her, look at her words, you tell me what you think. I don't think so.”)
“She is a liar,” he said. “Check out her Facebook page, you'll understand.”
Read More: Transcript of Donald Trump's Speech on His Accusers
He also attacked the appearance of Jessica Leeds, who claims Trump groped her on an airplane. “Believe me, she would not be my first choice, that I can tell you,” he said.
He also questioned the most recent allegation, from a woman named Kristin Anderson in the Washington Post today , who says that he put his hand up her skirt at a club, arguing it could not be true because he doesn't ever go to clubs by himself.
“I was sitting alone in some club? I really don't sit alone that much, folks,” he said.
Trump categorically denied the allegations against him, arguing alternately that the women were doing so for attention and that they were part of a media conspiracy to bring down his campaign, singling out New York Times shareholder Carlos Slim, who is Mexican, as partly responsible for the coverage.
“They have no witnesses,” he said of the accusers. “There's nobody around. They just come out. Some are doing it for probably a little fame. They get some free fame.”
Advancing his theory that these accusations are part of a conspiracy against him by journalists and the Clinton campaign, Trump said, “The process is rigged. This whole election is being rigged.” He argued that media coverage is “poisoning the minds of the electorate.”
Still, Trump seemed aware of the damage these stories could do to his campaign. “If 5% of the people think it's true, maybe even 10%, we don't win,” he said. But when he polled the audience and asked them if he should be responding to the allegations, he appeared to be secure in his choice.
“When you get hit, you hit back,” he said. “You gotta do it.'
Write to Tessa Berenson at tessa.berenson@time.com.
Pritam Singh Jauhal, a Second World War veteran who later fought for the right of Sikh men to wear a turban in the Royal Canadian Legion's halls, has died. He was about 95 (the exact day of his birth, in rural Punjab, was not recorded at the time).
His daughter, Varinder Bains, confirmed he died Sunday in Surrey, B.C.
Mr. Jauhal spent 38 years in the Indian Army and Central Reserve Police Force, retiring with the rank of lieutenant-colonel before immigrating to Canada to be with his children in 1980.
Story continues below advertisement
He made headlines in 1993 after he challenged a branch of the Royal Canadian Legion in Surrey that wouldn't let him inside because of his headgear.
He said that as a baptized Sikh he could not remove his turban.
"We fought together. And here we are … you go in the room, I stay outside. Is that the treatment I should be given as a veteran?" he said to The Globe and Mail at the time.
"He became part of that dialogue on what it means to be a Canadian," said Sharanjit Kaur Sandhra, coordinator of the Centre for Indo-Canadian Studies at the University of the Fraser Valley.
The controversy came at a time when the right of devout Sikhs to wear their turbans and daggers was heatedly debated in Canada. Just three years earlier, the RCMP had first allowed a Sikh officer to wear a turban rather than the traditional stetson.
Ms. Sandhra, who co-authored Mr. Jauhal's 2013 memoir, A Soldier Remembers, said he was a proud man who insisted that he wouldn't have launched his campaign but for the fact that he had been invited to the Legion then turned away.
The foreword of the book was penned by a reserve army officer who is now Canada's defence minister, Harjit Singh Sajjan.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"[Mr. Jauhal] could have just gone home and tried to forget the insult, but instead he readied himself for another battle; a battle that he fought with his wits by attacking the ignorance with education," Mr. Sajjan wrote.
Mr. Jauhal was the eldest of the four children of Ram Singh and Hukam Dev Kaur, farmers in the Jalandhar district of Punjab.
Their native village, Johal, only had mud-walled houses, with no paved roads, running water or electricity.
The family didn't know his birthdate and when he started school, they told an official that young Pritam was five and a half years old. The official then decided that Pritam's birthday would be Oct. 4, 1920.
The nearest school was a two-mile walk away, and in the evening, Pritam did his homework by the light of a kerosene lantern. He was only the third person from his village to obtain a high school education.
He grew up hoping to emulate his father and uncle, who both had served in the Indian army.
Story continues below advertisement
During the First World War, his father's battalion was deployed to what is today Iraq to fight the Ottoman troops in the Mesopotamian campaign.
Pritam's mother objected to his military ambitions, and when he was about 17, he was sent to live with a relative in Delhi, in the hope that he would find an office job.
After a year, however, he was still unemployed, and in June 1938 he enlisted, joining the Indian Signal Corps. A year later, the Second World War began.
He was trained as a radio operator and in August, 1940, was shipped to East Africa with the 5th Indian Infantry Division. They fought the Italians in Eritrea and Abyssinia, where Mr. Jauhal had his first experience being shelled by enemy artillery.
The following year, his brigade was deployed to Libya and became part of the British 8th Army. As a wireless operator who rode to the front in a Bren armoured vehicle, Mr. Jauhal took part in the First Battle of El Alamein in July, 1942, which stopped the German offensive in Egypt.
"The Allied Forces ... faced successive enemy air raids, intensive rockets, tank, artillery and small arms fires and survived. Survived when our ammunition supplies did not reach us on time. Survived when our rations and water were cut in half and halved again. Survived when faced with the extreme heat and dust of the western desert," he recalled in a letter to the Vancouver Sun on Remembrance Day 2003.
Story continues below advertisement
Later that fall, his division was redeployed to fight the Japanese in Burma and Mr. Jauhal, who had contracted malaria, was repatriated to India to train new soldiers.
By the end of the war, he had the rank of second lieutenant. He remained in the army and was involved in his country's conflicts against Pakistan, in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947-48, and the 1965 war in West Punjab.
He retired with the rank of lieutenant-colonel in 1976 and lived in retirement in Punjab's capital, Chandigarh, when his three children, who had immigrated to Canada, convinced him and his wife, Harjit, to join them.
He settled in Surrey in 1980. His memoir said he experienced many racist incidents — drivers yelling "Hey Paki! Go back to your country" — and schoolboys throwing an apple at him.
In the fall of 1993, Mr. Jauhal saw an article in a local paper saying that the Newton branch of the Legion in Surrey was inviting veterans to take part in its Remembrance Day commemoration.
With four other Sikh veterans wearing turbans, he attended the cenotaph ceremony then joined the parade that marched to the Legion hall.
Story continues below advertisement
The five Sikhs were about to enter the lounge when attendants at the doors stopped them and asked them to remove their turbans.
"My fellow Sikh veterans and I stood outside feeling utterly humiliated," he recalled in his memoir.
They appealed immediately to the branch president, Frank Underwood, who said there would be no exceptions, then went back inside, leaving the Sikhs at the door.
Mr. Jauhal said he was further irked because female members were allowed inside while wearing their berets.
He wrote an open letter listing turban wearers who had won the British Empire's highest military decoration. "Good enough for the Victoria Cross. Not good enough to earn a seat among the heroes of the Newton Legion," it said.
He contacted politicians and even sent a letter to the Queen.
Story continues below advertisement
His campaign triggered abusive phone calls and mail.
But the national headquarters of the Royal Canadian Legion issued a formal apology and condemned the actions of the local officials.
Admissions policies were still left up to the individual branches. Nevertheless, most Legion branches now allow turban wearers, according to the World Sikh Organization of Canada. A spokesman for the Legion's Dominion Command said there had been no subsequent complaints.
Mr. Jauhal was eventually invited by other Legion branches and the one that had barred him closed four years later because of financial problems.
He was pleased to be invited to meet Queen Elizabeth for tea in 1994, while she was on an official visit in Victoria. He said she told him he did "a wise thing" in raising the matter with her.
"What a change a few years can make," he said in his memoirs.
Mr. Jauhal leaves his son, Sukhdev, and daughter, Varinder Bains. He was predeceased by his wife, Harjit, and a daughter, Balwinder.
To submit an I Remember: obit@globeandmail.com
Send us a memory of someone we have recently profiled on the Obituaries page. Please include I Remember in the subject field.
Everywhere he goes, everyone knows Bob.
For more than a decade, Bob Crawford has been a familiar sight at shops, restaurants and all manner of gathering places in East Dallas.
He was not, at first, a welcome one.
He was disheveled and obviously mentally disabled. He had a horrific past, abused by a schizophrenic mother and abandoned as a child at an institution for the “feeble-minded.” He was a heavy drinker for a time and was occasionally homeless.
But Bob, who turned 60 last month, has been accepted in East Dallas, where the community has reached out to help him. He has friends, medical care, a decent apartment and a legal guardian. Store owners and restaurant regulars greet him by name, ask how he is, and even stoop to tie his shoelaces.
On a recent morning, he dropped by Whole Earth Provision Co. along Mockingbird Lane, where he teased employee Jennie Case.
“Are you new here?” he asked.
“I've been here for a year, Bob,” she said with a laugh. “You know that.”
“It's because you've had your hair done,” he said. “Your hair makes you look different.”
On the deserted stage of the nearby Pocket Sandwich Theater, he played “You Are My Sunshine” on his portable keyboard to a fascinated Trey Hutchinson, the 1-year-old son of a kitchen employee.
At All Good Cafe in Deep Ellum, he chatted up waitress Kjersten Funk and told corny jokes to longtime customers.
“The regulars aren't wary of him at all,” Funk said of the short, eccentric, almost childlike man. “The new people, they're sometimes wary. They'll ask, who is this guy and why does everyone know him?”
For one thing, he's famous — or almost. He was the subject of His Name Is Bob, an indie documentary about his life. He was in a music video by the Von Ehrics. A writer once called him “the most famously quirky guy to wander East Dallas.”
And perhaps one of the luckiest.
Bob has an IQ of 63, no job and some behavioral quirks. While he can recite passages of Scripture from memory, conversations with Bob can alternate between monosyllables to long rambles on irrelevant subjects.
But with a more stable life and greater acceptance, he has told people that this is the happiest time of his life.
It was not always so.
Bleak childhood
The most extensive attempt to dig into Bob's life came from Lisa Johnson and Sebastian and Heather Lee, who collaborated on the 2010 documentary. The filmmakers journeyed to his home state of New Hampshire and talked to a score of people who knew him, including family members.
Much about Bob's life is murky — he is not always the best source for facts about his background — but, as the filmmakers found, much of his childhood was so bleak as to be scarcely believable.
He was a normal baby born into an abnormal family. His father, an alcoholic, died in a traffic accident.
When he was 2, his mother hit him on the head with a steel lunch pail, causing injuries that left him hospitalized for 28 days, permanently brain damaged and subject to seizures.
Relatives told the filmmakers that Bob's mother, who has since died, was schizophrenic. She locked him in closets with his hands or feet tied, made him stay outside for long periods in extreme weather, forbade him to talk to his siblings and spit on his food.
When Bob was 8, she dropped him off at the New Hampshire School for the Feeble Minded. She never visited and stipulated that no other relative could do so. He told filmmakers that he was abused at the institution but refused to discuss details.
Former employees said on camera that residents at the Laconia, N.H., institution were warehoused, heavily drugged and sometimes brutalized by the employees. The school has since been closed.
Bob lived there for the remainder of his childhood. When he reached 21, he was allowed more freedom to go outside the institution before being fully released at 25.
He was homeless for a time after his release and drank heavily. “I drank to escape the pain,” he said on camera. “If you had my problems, you'd drink, too.”
He quit when a doctor told him he would die if he continued to drink alcohol while still on seizure medicine. For the next two decades, Bob wandered as far as California. He panhandled and was often homeless. For a time, he played organ at a church in Massachusetts.
Left on the corner
In the mid-1990s, an older sister took Bob to Dallas and left him on a street corner near a halfway house. She drove off, leaving him with only the clothes on his back.
It was then that he became a familiar sight in East Dallas.
Bob would approach people in parking lots and ask for money or for rides. He would talk obsessively about how he had been cheated out of an $86 million inheritance.
Strangers, and even those who knew him, often found the encounters repellent. He seldom bathed, never cleaned his apartment or even clipped his nails.
“He didn't have any training at any point in his young life. … I don't think people there [at the institution] learned to bathe, I think they just sort of hosed them down,” said James Carrell, who since 2005 has been Bob's legal guardian.
Among those intrigued by Bob was Sebastian Lee, an Internet business owner.
“There were a lot of myths and legends about Bob,” said Lee, who co-directed the documentary with Johnson. “We did a test reel, and we were amazed by what he told us. I hadn't heard a lot of that before, but we didn't know how much was true.”
In the six years the filmmakers spent on the subject, some of the claims, such as Bob's nightmarish childhood and institutionalization, proved true. Another, that he was cheated out of a vast inheritance, was never fully confirmed or debunked.
The filmmakers came to believe that Bob was the designated recipient of three inheritances, one of which was for about $85,000. Somehow — they could never definitively determine how — the checks never got to Bob.
Though the documentary, which played the festival circuit from 2010-11, never went into commercial distribution, it clearly marked a turning point in Bob's life.
“The film gave Bob street cred,” said Johnson, the co-director. “Until the film, he was just another homeless indigent dirty guy.”
New attitudes
To be sure, people were helping Bob even before the film was made.
Beginning in the 1990s, friends at an Alcoholics Anonymous affiliate shifted him from the halfway house — where they suspected he was being cheated by the owner — to quarters in a boarding house. They dropped by every six months to thoroughly clean his apartment.
But Leeca Hickox, a Park Cities real estate agent who has befriended Bob, said the movie helped turn things around. “People now take him to get hair cuts, pedicures, make sure he gets to the doctor,” she said.
The filmmakers approached Carrell to upgrade his status from unofficial caregiver to legal guardian so that he could protect Bob's interest in the film. Carrell, who is a graduate student in social work at the University of Texas at Arlington, moved Bob to an apartment, which Bob pays for out of his disability checks.
Attitudes toward Bob have changed in the past few years, Carrell said.
“He's welcome at the clubs in Deep Ellum and along the shops in Mockingbird,” he said. “Everywhere he goes, people know him and look after him.”
Part of the reason is that Bob has a sweet nature, acquaintances said. “He can show up and suddenly say just the right thing,” Johnson said. “He'll say, ‘If no one else has told you today they love you, I love you.'”
Still, Hickox said, he is sometimes not easy to be around. “He burns people out,” she said. “He'll ask me for $20 and I'll say, ‘Bob, I just gave you $20. Don't ask me again.' And then a few minutes later, he'll ask me for $20.”
Bob has his limits, Carrell agreed.
“I haven't been able to teach him to do his laundry and he doesn't get the air conditioner thing. His diet is still terrible,” he said.
People ask him how Bob is doing, and Carrell said he replies. “He's making a lot of progress, but he's still Bob.”
According to the Petapixel, USA bans cameras, drones, laptops and other electronic gadgets as carry-on items for planes from 10 airports in 8 countries. The new ban rules took effect from 21st of March 2017. Currently, restrictions will last until October 14th, 2017.
The List Of Affected Countries And Airports
Egypt
Jordan
Kuwait
Morocco
Qatar
Turkey
Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates.
The 10 Affected Airports
Queen Alia International Airport (AMM)
Cairo International Airport (CAI)
Ataturk International Airport (IST)
King Abdulaziz International Airport (JED)
King Khalid International Airport (RUH)
Kuwait International Airport (KWI)
Mohammed V International Airport (CMN)
Hamad International Airport (DOH)
Dubai International Airport (DXB)
Abu Dhabi International Airport (AUH)
According to the United States officials USA bans cameras and electronic gadgets not because of any new threat but in response to intelligence that terrorists are continuing to work on ways to target commercial airlines by “smuggling explosives in portable electronic devices” in a manner that's hard to detect (e.g. things placed inside of the device's battery).
At very least passengers still will be able to bring their cameras and other electronic devices to the USA, but only in the checked in baggage. Mind this if you are planning on traveling to the United States with your high-tech camera, drone or laptop.
Thank you for reading!
MADRID (AP) — Several hundred people have protested in Madrid against the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, a major free trade deal between the United States and the European Union.
The protesters Saturday also urged officials not to approve the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement, a smaller trade agreement between Canada and the EU, and the Trade in Services Agreement, which involves the EU.
Protesters carried signs claiming the deals would impoverish locals, chanting “They are not treaties, they are coups d'état!” and “We are people, not merchandise!” Some wore huge yellow foam chains around their necks to signify enslavement, while others dressed up as tycoons.
Spain is recovering from an economic crisis that left massive youth unemployment. Its economy is on the upswing but politicians have struggled for months to form a government.
Official symbol of the Technocracy movement (Technocracy Inc.). The Monad logo signifies balance between consumption and production.
The technocracy movement is a social movement which arose in the early 20th century. Technocracy was popular in the United States and Canada for a brief period in the early 1930s, before it was overshadowed by other proposals for dealing with the crisis of the Great Depression.[1] The technocracy movement proposed replacing politicians and businesspeople with scientists and engineers who had the technical expertise to manage the economy.[2]
The movement was committed to abstaining from all revolutionary and political activities. It gained strength in the 1930s but in 1940, due to an alleged initial opposition to the Second World War, was banned in Canada. The ban was lifted in 1943 when it was apparent that 'Technocracy Inc. was committed to the war effort, proposing a program of total conscription.'[3] The movement continued to expand during the remainder of the war and new sections were formed in Ontario and the Maritime Provinces.[4]
In the post-war years, perhaps due to the growing distrust of socialism in the cold war, membership and interest in technocracy decreased. Though now relatively insignificant, the Technocracy movement survives into the present day,[5] and as of 2013 , was continuing to publish a newsletter, maintain a website, and hold member meetings.[6] Smaller groups included the Technical Alliance, The New Machine and the Utopian Society of America, though Bellamy had the most success due to his nationalistic stances, and Veblen's rhetoric, removing the current pricing system and his blueprint for a national directorate to reorganize all produced goods and supply, and ultimately to radically increase all industrial output.
Overview [ edit ]
Technocracy advocates contended that price system-based forms of government and economy are structurally incapable of effective action, and promoted a society headed by technical experts, which they argued would be more rational and productive.[7]
The coming of the Great Depression ushered in radically different ideas of social engineering,[8] culminating in reforms introduced by the New Deal.[7][8] By late 1932, various groups across the United States were calling themselves technocrats and proposing reforms.[9]
By the mid-1930s, interest in the technocracy movement was declining. Some historians have attributed the decline of the technocracy movement to the rise of Roosevelt's New Deal.[10][11] Historian William E. Akin rejects the conclusion that Technocracy ideas declined because of the attractiveness of Roosevelt and the New Deal. Instead Akin argues that the movement declined in the mid-1930s as a result of the technocrats' failure to devise a 'viable political theory for achieving change' (p. 111 Technocracy and the American Dream: The Technocrat Movement, 1900–1941 by William E. Akin). Akin postulates that many technocrats remained vocal and dissatisfied and often sympathetic to anti-New Deal third party efforts.[12]
Origins [ edit ]
The technocratic movement has its origins with the progressive engineers of the early twentieth century and the writings of Edward Bellamy,[13] along with some of the later works of Thorstein Veblen such as Engineers And The Price System written in 1921.[14][15][16] William H. Smyth, a California engineer, invented the word technocracy in 1919 to describe "the rule of the people made effective through the agency of their servants, the scientists and engineers",[17][18] and in the 1920s it was used to describe the works of Thorstein Veblen.[19]
Early technocratic organisations formed after the First World War. These included Henry Gantt's "The New Machine" and Veblen's "Soviet of Technicians". These organisations folded after a short time.[19] Writers such as Henry Gannt, Thorstein Veblen, and Howard Scott suggested that businesspeople were incapable of reforming their industries in the public interest and that control of industry should thus be given to engineers.[20]
United States and Canada [ edit ]
A sign on the outskirts of a Depression -era town about meetings of the local technocracy branch.
Map of the North American Technate.
Howard Scott has been called the "founder of the technocracy movement"[2] and he started the Technical Alliance in New York near the end of 1919. Members of the Alliance were mostly scientists and engineers. The Technical Alliance started an Energy Survey of North America, which aimed to provide a scientific background from which ideas about a new social structure could be developed.[21] However the group broke up in 1921[22] and the survey was not completed.[23]
In 1932, Scott and others interested in the problems of technological growth and economic change began meeting in New York City. Their ideas gained national attention and the "Committee on Technocracy" was formed at Columbia University, by Howard Scott and Walter Rautenstrauch.[24] However, the group was short-lived and in January 1933[25] splintered into two other groups, the "Continental Committee on Technocracy" (led by Harold Loeb) and "Technocracy Incorporated" (led by Scott). [26][27] Smaller groups included the Technical Alliance, The New Machine and the Utopian Society of America, though Bellamy had the most success due to his nationalistic stances, and Veblen's rhetoric, removing the current pricing system and his blueprint for a national directorate to reorganize all produced goods and supply, and ultimately to radically increase all industrial output. [28] [29]
At the core of Scott's vision was "an energy theory of value". Since the basic measure common to the production of all goods and services was energy, he reasoned "that the sole scientific foundation for the monetary system was also energy", and that by using an energy metric instead of a monetary metric (energy certificates or 'energy accounting') a more efficient design of society could be made.[30] Technocracy Inc. officials wore a uniform, consisting of a "well-tailored double-breasted suit, gray shirt, and blue necktie, with a monad insignia on the lapel", and its members saluted Scott in public.[7][31]
Public interest in technocracy peaked in the early 1930s:
Technocracy's heyday lasted only from June 16, 1932, when the New York Times became the first influential press organ to report its activities, until January 13, 1933, when Scott, attempting to silence his critics, delivered what some critics called a confusing, and uninspiring address on a well-publicized nationwide radio hookup.[27]
Following Scott's radio address (Hotel Pierre Address),[32] the condemnation of both him and technocracy in general reached a peak. The press and businesspeople reacted with ridicule and almost unanimous hostility. The American Engineering Council charged the technocrats with "unprofessional activity, questionable data, and drawing unwarranted conclusions".[33]
The technocrats made a believable case for a kind of technological utopia, but their asking price was too high. The idea of political democracy still represented a stronger ideal than technological elitism. In the end, critics believed that the socially desirable goals that technology made possible could be achieved without the sacrifice of existing institutions and values and without incurring the apocalypse that technocracy predicted.[34]
The faction-ridden Continental Committee on Technocracy collapsed in October 1936.[27][35] However, Technocracy Incorporated continued.[11][36]
There were some speaking tours of the US and Canada in 1946 and 1947, and a motorcade from Los Angeles to Vancouver:[37]
Hundreds of cars, trucks, and trailers, all regulation grey, from all over the Pacific Northwest, participated. An old school bus, repainted and retrofitted with sleeping and office facilities, a two-way radio, and a public address system, impressed observers. A huge war surplus searchlight mounted on a truck bed was included, and grey-painted motorcycles acted as parade marshals. A small grey aircraft, with a Monad symbol on its wings, flew overhead. All this was recorded by the Technocrats on 16-mm 900-foot colour film.[38]
1948 saw a decline in activity and considerable internal dissent. One central factor contributing to this dissent was that "the Price System had not collapsed, and predictions about the expected demise were becoming more and more vague".[39] Some quite specific predictions about the price system collapse were made during the Great Depression, the first giving 1937 as the date, and the second forecasting the collapse as occurring "prior to 1940".[39]
Membership and activity declined steadily in the years after 1948, but some activity persisted, mostly around Vancouver in Canada and on the West Coast of the United States. Technocracy Incorporated currently maintains a website and distributes a monthly newsletter and holds membership meetings.[40]
An extensive archive of Technocracy's materials is held at the University of Alberta, in Canada.[3]
Technocrats plan [ edit ]
In a publication from 1938 Technocracy Inc. the main organization made the following statement in defining their proposal.
Technocracy is the science of social engineering, the scientific operation of the entire social mechanism to produce and distribute goods and services to the entire population of this continent. For the first time in human history it will be done as a scientific, technical, engineering problem. There will be no place for Politics or Politicians, Finance or Financiers, Rackets or Racketeers. Technocracy states that this method of operating the social mechanism of the North American Continent is now mandatory because we have passed from a state of actual scarcity into the present status of potential abundance in which we are now held to an artificial scarcity forced upon us in order to continue a Price System which can distribute goods only by means of a medium of exchange. Technocracy states that price and abundance are incompatible; the greater the abundance the smaller the price. In a real abundance there can be no price at all. Only by abandoning the interfering price control and substituting a scientific method of production and distribution can an abundance be achieved. Technocracy will distribute by means of a certificate of distribution available to every citizen from birth to death. The Technate will encompass the entire American Continent from Panama to the North Pole because the natural resources and the natural boundary of this area make it an independent, self-sustaining geographical unit.[41]
Calendar [ edit ]
A Technocratic work schedule
The Technocratic movement planned to reform the work schedule, to achieve the goal of uninterrupted production, maximizing the efficiency and profitability of resources, transport and entertainment facilities, avoiding the "weekend effect".[42]
According to the movement's calculations, it would be enough that every citizen worked a cycle of four consecutive days, four hours a day, followed by three days off. By "tiling" the days and working hours of seven groups, industry and services could be operated 24 hours a day, seven days a week. This system would include holiday periods allocated to each citizen.[42]
Europe [ edit ]
In Germany before the Second World War, a technocratic movement based on the American model introduced by Technocracy Incorporated existed; it ran afoul of the political system there.[43]
A Russian movement existed based on similar beginnings from the North American movement also.[44] Alexander Bogdanov's concept of Tectology bears some semblance to technocratic ideas. Both Bogdanov's fiction and his political writings as presented by Zenovia Sochor,[45] imply that he expected a coming revolution against capitalism to lead to a technocratic society. The most important of the non-Leninist Bolsheviks may have been Alexander Bogdanov.[46]
Mount Etna eruption closes airports and 'knocks clocks 15 minutes fast'
Advertisement
An eruption by Mount Etna on the Italian island of Sicily left a nearby airport closed and ... locals turning up early for work.
The volcano spewed lava on to its south-eastern slopes on Saturday afternoon and winds swept ash further afield, stopping flights at Catania's Fontanarossa airport.
The strong eruption - Etna's fifth since the beginning of the year - was shortlived, but left the airport closed overnight.
Strong: An eruption on Mount Etna spews ash and lava
Violent: Mount Etna's latest eruption is the fifth since the beginning of the year
Bemused Sicilians, meanwhile, were quick to blame the volcano after thousands noticed that their clocks were running 15 minutes fast. The fast forward time keeping has affected a wide spectrum of digital clocks and watches - from computers through to alarm clocks.
It was spotted when large numbers of locals started turning up for work early, and a Facebook page was organised for those involved to compare notes.
As well as Etna's volcanic activity, users have so far blamed aliens, poltergeists, solar explosions and electrical disturbances caused by underwater cables.
Fontanarossa airport was reopened at 7am local time after seven sweeping machines worked through the night to clear the runway of ash. The cause of the island-wide clock confusion remains unknown.
Etna is the highest active volcano in Europe at 3,295m (10,810ft). The last eruption was in May.
Shortlived: The volcano spewed lava on to its south-eastern slopes and winds swept ash further afield
Madden NFL 15 New Orleans Saints Team Breakdown
The New Orleans Saints always have a dangerous offense in Madden but this year, they actually have a fairly good defense to go along with it. Madden 15 should be a pretty good year for the Saints.
We have the full team breakdown below.
Team: New Orleans Saints
Offensive Strategy: Stay balanced. The temptation many will face with the Saints is to throw the ball 80% of the time because the Saints have so many weapons. Make sure to run the ball every now and then to keep the defense honest. That will make your passing game even more dangerous.
Defensive Strategy: Get some interceptions. The Saints 3 absolute Madden studs in their secondary. If you can get 2 or 3 interceptions per game, you should have no problem winning with the Saints' dangerous offense.
Strengths: The passing game. Drew Brees is a top 5 quarterback, Jimmy Graham is the top tight end in Madden 15, and the wide receivers are always tough to deal with. It shouldn't be hard to move the ball with the Saints.
Weaknesses: Front 7. The New Orleans Saints secondary is going to be very dangerous with their new additions. However, there is still a little to be desired from the front 7 in Madden 15.
Impact Players: QB Drew Brees, RB Pierre Thomas, WR Marques Colston, WR Brandin Cooks, TE Jimmy Graham, DE Cameron Jordan, MLB Curtis Lofton, ROLB Parys Haralson, CB Champ Bailey, SS Kenny Vacaro, FS Jairus Byrd
Key Newcomers: WR Brandin Cooks, DB Stanley Jean-Baptiste, FS Jairus Byrd, CB Champ Bailey
Additional Remarks: The New Orleans Saints may not be a top 5 team in Madden 15, but they are absolutely a top 10 team.
Craig was sent into the heart of Ubisoft to bring back this Assassin's Creed 3 report, dead or alive.
I love Assassin's Creed, but it's a series begging for some tight editing. Scratch that, it's series that needs someone sat at the developer's offices wearing a giant listening device that points in every direction. This person will have a buzzer to press anytime a developer strays away from the two-storey high blackboard drawing of an assassin stabbing people. “I had a great idea! Ezio could be a property manager – ” *BUZZ!*. “So I'm taking this to Jade: what if we had first-person puzz – ” *BUZZ! BUZZ!*. “Hey everybody, let's add in naval bat – !” *BUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!*
My playthrough of Assassin's Creed 3 lasted three hours. I experienced the new open-world, where the forested areas of Revolutionary America are rife with animals to hunt, trees to climb, and communal activities. I took a ship into battle, which now counts as the series' most over the top and bizarre inclusion. And I made it to Boston, a powderkeg of the New World, full of roofs to rampage over and people to perforate.
I'm dropped in a few hours into the game. Connor, the new hero, is half-British half-Native and his homestead reflects this: it's a colonial mansion, but situated in the wilderness. His homestead is where a number of missions will begin, and where he'll gather people and trophies. I go for a jog through the forest, hopping up a tree and along the branches to get a feel of the American wilderness. The woodlands aren't just an aesthetic addition: they present a different challenge to skipping across the rooftops. The wilderness is a less forgiving free-running environment, because the trees don't have clean lines to line up when running. The routes are more prescribed, but the angles are a bit more difficult to anticipate at high speed. It took me an hour to get comfortable, but the key to enjoying the woody wilderness is to slow down and pick your way along. Even knowing that, there's a moment where going slow doesn't bear fruit: I spot a viewpoint at the peak of a tree that I decide I need to ascend to. I aim for what appears to be a reachable branch, and each time I plummet. I take my time, I scour the rest of the area for different spots to grab, but I never seem to figure it out. This didn't happen in the city. Trees, man.
While Ezio's anger and need for revenge drove the previous three games, Connor is more interested in integration. His home covers a significant amount of land, and the map shows off ‘homestead missions' that'll bring itinerants together to flourish as a community. I'm introduced to one when I hear a call for help while picking my way through some branches. The begging leads me to an injured hunter. She'd been attacked by poaching British soldiers and couldn't walk. I collect her carry her back to the homestead, making her an offer that means she can hunt on my land as long as she trades with the residents. She's the first of a few people I offer sanctuary to.
But the hunters that injured her are fair game. I take to the branches again, still clumsily, and tripping cautiously through branches as I head to the map marker. There are three of them, all unaware I'm sat on a branch over their heads. Dogs Guards can't look up. It's a classic Assassin's Creed set-up, but this time I have a new weapon: the ropedart. It's basically a knife attached to a line that can be used in the way that all pointy things on ropes can be used. I hope they'll patrol underneath me, but they just hang around chatting, forcing me to move to the closest branch and launch a dart from there. It catches my target and hoists him high into the air as I drop down, using my weight to hang him. I quickly switch to my hidden blades and catch the other two in a double stab. It was slick. More tools for emergent assassinations are a welcome addition.
But there are more hunters, and I don't have the element of surprise anymore. I use my lack of surprise as the surprise itself and run uncaringly at them, flicking out a tomahawk and burying it in the first's chest. The second is released as a warning to those that might cross me further: I have ropedarts and axes, and you won't see me coming.
Among the activities in the wilderness, which includes finding conversations, playing minigames, rescuing farmers, and uncovering relics, you can also hunt. The creatures are skinned for pelt that you can trade for supplies. But first you need to kill them. I look around for potential targets. Maybe there's a bear? Or a wolf? Or a bear/wolf hybrid that can claw…ooh a raccoon! I begin stalking him, ducking into undergrowth for cover. I plan on drawing a bow out and killing it from a short distance, but it takes off before I can. It leads me to a ridiculous chase, where I run up a fallen tree (used to get into the branches to stalk things) so I can scan the area for it. I spot it and drop, hidden blades poised as I take up the chase. There's no dramatic leap when I catch up: I drop to the ground, bend over and…
*stab*
“Squeak!”
His squeak still haunts me. Later on, on a farm, I pet a cow (really, it's an option). It made me feel a bit better.
I take a break from hunting and fast-travel (a new addition) to the coast to see what the naval battles bring to the series. Because I've been dropped into the game there's no introduction up to explain why I have to take control of a boat, but I chat to the harbourmaster and find myself at the helm of a ship. I head out to sea and select a mission to protect a merchant ship from a gaggle of gunboats. It's an odd feeling: a game about keen, sharp movement is now about trying to keep a boat under control, forcing me to think in long, slow, arcs. I have cannons and guns to line up on each side of the boat, but each turn of the ship feels sluggish. At least the gunboats are easy to wreck: one barrage from any of the weapons leaves them splintered and sinking, but as I attempt to stifle their movement I lose sense of my position. I crash into rocks and bump into the boat I'm supposed to be protecting. Part of the trouble is the ship's bulk obscures a lot of the screen, so I'm fighting that as well as the lumpen controls. Slowing down to half speed helps, but it means the fight takes off without me.
The battle is in three beats. I manage to defeat the gunboats, barely limping out alive. The second section involves navigating a corridor of rocky outcrops and mines, with a few stealthy boats ready to attack. At least it can be taken at my own pace, but it's still cumbersome, and a bit more fiddly than the previous section. It's easiest to just line up the ship sideways and blast every mine in sight from a distance, then move on.
The final section is a real oddity: the escorted ship peels away and I'm left fighting a fort. It's blasting out into the sea, and I have to move the lumbering, awkward ship around the projectiles, while attempting to angle my cannons to respond. The balancing act here is that it's easier to avoid being hit by turning towards the forts, but you need to be sideways to fire. It's not complicated, but it's still annoyingly tough to manoeuvre. I eventually manage it, after sinking twice, by coming to complete halt and firing a few rounds, then moving on when the forts barrage. It doesn't feel in the spirit of things. I want movement to be key in Assassin's Creed, and it doesn't necessarily need to be easy, but I'm not convinced it's a good addition to the series.
I hit land and spend some time climbing and running around the surrounding buildings and woods to shake the fog of the battle from my bones. I find a pirate called Pegleg, who asks me to hunt some artefacts, but I don't have the time to spare. I bring up the map and hunt for the fast-travel options. I aim for Boston. The city of Cheers.
It's a squat little city: easier to run around than the woods, but not as grand as the Italian renaissance regions of previous games. It feels smokey and busy. Here is where I picked up a thread of the main story, where the Templars are harassing locals and the British are stocking up on drinkables. This is where Jim is going to hate me. This where I destroy the tea.
I have a trio of targets in the docks to blow up, and half a city to run over to get there. Even without local knowledge of a Bostonian, it's immediately easier to get around than in the forests: running, grabbing, diving and hiding here are all so familiar to my fingers that I'm instantly elated. Sprinting over the gabled cityscape is joyous, and there are a few additional moves: my favourite is that certain houses can be passed through to shake chasing guards, with a swoopy camera ripped right out of the Bourne movies. It's such a pleasing visual effect that I grab the chance wherever I see an open window.
Along the way there are things to do. Most prominently there are Templars to kill. They pop up on the map, little groups of thugs surrounding locals. Social responsibility is important to Connor, so I drop down into a small square to stop a beating. Things only kick off if I choose to, so I whip a ropedart into the main Templar, dragging him away from his target, and everyone surrounds me. There's not a huge amount of difference in the combat system: it's still a balancing act between assaults and blocking, pushing in aggressively with Connor's tomahawk and looking around for secondary attacks to counter into a combo. It's still slick, although it feels a tad slow post-Arkham City. It's also a lot easier to die in battle, as there's no active healing when you're in a fight. You need to escape to fix yourself up, or fight on and hope you don't slip up. In this case, after the arrival of a gunner on horse-back, I need to vanish. I hop up on a small tent in the square and leap from there onto a cart. I expected to dive into it, but instead Connor uses it as a stepping stone to boost up onto a building.
I take to the rooftops, ignoring a few people begging for help, and stop myself from climbing the viewpoint towers to get a better view of the sprawling city. Like the frontier, there are lots of incidental events, but I feel compelled to complete a bit of the story and aim for the seaside. The docks have a playground vibe: I sneak in using some people to squeeze past the British soldiers, then I bypass another patrol by swinging over monkey bars set into a roof. My targets are tea shipments. It can be as easy or as hard as I want it to be, and I use Connor's new corner lean ability to keep out of the way, and sneak over roofs to bypass patrols and plant the bombs.
Truthfully, I was a little too stealthy here and got away with planting the three bombs and destroying the goods without being seen. Satisfying, but not a particularly dramatic way to end the demo. No escapes from the clutches of angry, tea-deprived Brits. I just climb up to the roofs and dart off. But I did kill some tea. Sorry, Jim.
Every time I've ever played Assassin's Creed, there's a bit of a ‘but' hanging over it. The base game is as good and as slick as ever, and taking the time to understand the quirks of the woodland's effect on movement really does pay off. The surrounding game is impressive. There's a lot more going on, with multiple quests running contiguously, and the growth of the town that Connor is building grounds the silly property management stuff in little vignettes of human drama: by the end of the game he'll be surrounded by rescued friends, all contributing to his little commune. But my future enjoyment depends on how much the naval activities will encroach on the land fun. There might be a way to squeeze some enjoyment out of it: they are spectacular looking, but they still feel like a strange, forced addition. I hope there's plenty of asassy sassiness to balance it out.
Assassin's Creed III will appear on the PC machines on 20th of November in North American, and then three days later in Europe. For some reason.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BERKELEY, MO (KTVI) - First responders is Berkeley are breathing a sigh of relief, after a sick call that had some thinking “Ebola” proved to be only a man with a cold.
The call came at about 8:30am Wednesday from Flight Safety International. The firm, located off of Natural Bridge, trains pilots who come to them from all over the world.
The patient, identified as “a client” by operations manager David Glass, said he wasn't feeling well when he arrived. This might normally have been handled with a trip to Walgreens, but the client is from somewhere in western Africa, which raised concerns.
Eventually paramedics were called in, and police say they were very cautious in handling the situation.
“Christian ambulance responded and I'm told they did speak to him through a door because they did have him isolated in a room,” Berkeley Police Chief Frank McCall said. “They had a conversation with him, came back out, and put on protective gear. Then they went back up to the best of my knowledge and treated him or communicated more so with him.”
Health department officials say the man was evaluated at the scene and did not have to go to the hospital. He has a cold.
What the incident did provide was a real world “dress rehearsal” for first responders who have been preparing for a possible ebola case. Just the same, it was not the kind of call Chief McCall was expecting.
“A lot of things go through my mind,” he said. “But the end result is you hope when it's all said and done that first we'll call it a false alarm. You also realize that this is the flu season , so you try to lean toward that in hopes that that's all that's going on.”
A spokesman for Christian Hospital, owners of the ambulance that responded, would not comment about how the call went or whether procedures previously instituted were helpful. All they would say is, with the flu season settling in, we may see more such cases.
Image copyright PA Image caption IPEN claims eating the placenta helps a mother's milk production
A company that processes raw placentas for new mothers to eat could be shut down over health fears.
The Independent Placenta Encapsulation Network (IPEN), based in Herts, makes smoothies and capsules that it claims have health benefits.
Dacorum Borough Council prevented IPEN from trading in October last year over concerns about bacterial contamination.
The case, believed to be the first of its kind, was heard before Watford magistrates and judgement reserved.
'Hazard to health'
District Judge Annabel Pilling heard that IPEN founder Lynnea Shrief, of Berkhamsted, set up the company after her own struggle to provide enough breast milk for her baby.
The law does not need to step in and protect people when what they are eating is a product of themselves Bradley Say, Barrister for IPEN
She claims eating the raw placenta can increase breast milk supply, help reduce the impact of post-natal depression and improve general mood and a sense of well-being.
IPEN had been trading for two and a half years when it was given an Emergency Prohibition Notice by the council in October.
The council's barrister Nicholas George said the bacteria staphylococcus aureus, present in the vagina of 10% of women, could be passed on to the placenta.
This presented a "hazard" and a risk to health in what he described as a "significant proportion" of women.
He added that the production process was out of the control of IPEN, which relied on the mother or partner to properly look after the placenta before it came to IPEN to be processed.
'Trust the consumer'
IPEN argued that the placenta should be cooled to 8 degrees Celsius within four hours of birth, is cool when they receive it and therefore presented no threat to health.
What is the placenta? The placenta is an organ attached to the lining of the womb during pregnancy, and linked to the baby by the umbilical cord. It passes oxygen and nutrients from the mother's blood supply to the baby. Waste products from the baby, such as carbon dioxide, pass back along the umbilical cord to the placenta. After the baby is born, more contractions will push the placenta out - or it will be lifted from the womb during a Caesarean. Source: NHS Choices
Bradley Say, for IPEN - which is challenging the prohibition notice - said the company always asked for a history of each placenta and would refuse any that had been left at room temperature for 24 hours.
He said all IPEN could do was issue good advice and trust the consumer to look after their own health.
"The law does not need to step in and protect people when what they are eating is a product of themselves," he told the court.
The court heard that women asked to complete feedback forms after consuming placenta products from IPEN had not reported any ill-effects.
District Judge Pilling said she was unlikely to hand down her judgement before the end of next week.
Dutch 'boffins' have discovered that a common heart medicine might help people suffering from traumatic memories by erasing them from their heads - just like from out of Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind.
Future-seeing movies aren't always accurate (T2? Judgement Day? 1997? No). But, thanks to the joy of hindsight, we can celebrate the stories where sci-fi became sci-reality...
The Film: Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind (2004)
What It Predicted: A memory-washing procedure - created by Dr Mierzwiak (Tom Wilkinson) and offered by Lacuna, Inc.
Why We Wish It Hadn't Been Right: While the psychological benefits of erasing bad memories are clear, criminal villains could use it for bad things - like making someone do a robbery and then erasing their memory so they don't know anything if they get caught.
And what happens if we miss the bad memories and accidentally erase something essential? The pangs from failed relationships would remain, but we might lose the skill of being able to put trousers on.
[page-break]
The Film: The Truman Show (1998)
What It Predicted: Reality TV was in its infancy when Andrew Niccol posited the idea that we could watch someone live out the mundanities of their life on television.
Why We Wish It Hadn't Been Right: The parade of media-trained fame-whores annually wheeled in for Big Brother and its endless imitators.
For us, Reality TV stopped becoming an intriguing social experiment the year a non-celebrity won Celebrity Big Brother and then became a celebrity - for winning Celebrity Big Brother. And it's all Andrew Niccol's stinking fault.
The Film: Blade Runner (1982)
What It Predicted: A smog-covered, sprawling future-LA cityscape dominated by giant, animated billboards.
Why We Wish It Hadn't Been Right: Do we really, honestly need massive, moving ads for Viagra?
And jiggly, building-sized lingerie ads might be fun, but they cause ogle-related traffic accidents...
...traffic accidents, we might add, that would have been halved if scientists could have ignored Blade Runner's video posters and focused on creating its far cooler flying cars. WE WANT OUR FLYING CARS, YOU SCIENTIFIC BASTARDS!
[page-break]
The Film: Videodrome (1983)
What It Predicted: A sort of merging of the corporeal world with the hyperreality of video and television - by way of user-generated material. That, we think you'll find, equals YouTube!
Why We Wish It Hadn't Been Right: Now, of course, we love the Internet and there are some very good things about YouTube - but, with four-million videos uploaded every five seconds, the quality control is a bit off. For every smart DIY instructional vid and ace conceptual mash-up , there's a hundred films of someone's cat being sick.
No, umm, food made from humans yet, though. Apart from that earwax soup you can apparently get in Papua New Guinea.
[page-break]
And, as the Transformers fiasco has proven, our military just aren't up to fighting back.
Oh, wait. That's a film... Fantasy/reality, fantasy/reality...
The Film: Forbidden Planet (1956)
What It Predicted: The crew of United Planets Cruiser C-57D all came equipped with tiny communicators and cameras on their belt buckles.
Why We Wish It Hadn't Been Right: iPhones and Blackberries are wonderful, chirruping, touchy-feely little companions. But we often get nostalgic for the days of downtime - the era before mobile communication, when you had to go into a shop and buy some chewing-gum to get change for the phone.
And remember Polaroid cameras? They were great. Like mobile/digital cameras, they had the immediacy, but you only got one shot each time - you had to take care over your pictures, which made them feel more special.
Also, this modern 'music'...
[page-break]
That's California - where the state's run out of money and the local government's locked in an endless battle over budgets - all squabbling like the girly men Movie-Arnie always defeated with such peerless monosyllabism.
It should have been Stallone taking the political route. At least his growth hormone purchases might have stimulated the economy.
The Film: The Hitch-Hiker's Guide To The Galaxy (2005)
What It Predicted: This! The Internet. A user-generated, ever-evolving font of knowledge.
Why We Wish It Hadn't Been Right: Original Hitch-Hiker's creator Douglas Adams was clearly a genius (with the 'Babel Fish', he also predicted portable language translators).
Problem: the film was complete and utter cock.
This is a case where an officer made a private arrangement with his batman to have his private car washed periodically. Hansard archives From the
Some officers even used to give their pay to their batmen. Hansard archives From the
If batmen can be made available without difficulty to married officers in quarters we shall certainly do so. Hansard archives From the
I heard the other day that some officers have only a quarter of a batman. Hansard archives From the
I say that a junior officer with the rank of captain is entitled to a batman. Hansard archives From the
Batmen with fighting troops are fully armed and trained soldiers and are available for ordinary duties in the ranks. Hansard archives From the
The number of officers to whom a batman is allotted could not be obtained without calling for a special return. Hansard archives From the
In the latter, men of high medical categories who are employed as batmen are being replaced by others. Hansard archives From the
The duties are similar to those carried out by batmen in an officers' mess. Hansard archives From the
We need batmen for various essential duties in messes, and to provide personal service for officers, particularly in looking after their kit. Hansard archives From the
The batman would have a cottage in the country, look after the colonel's horse, and he was there for life. Hansard archives From the
For eight months he had been a batman in an officer's home. Hansard archives From the
Batmen are not provided on an hourly basis. Hansard archives From the
The reason is that we have not sufficient batmen to go round, so we use them in the most appropriate fashion. Hansard archives From the
Professor Denis Dubourdieu, one of the most respected winemakers and wine researchers of his generation, has died in Bordeaux.
Denis Dubourdieu, winemaker, château owner and professor of oenology, has died following a battle with illness, the council for the Bordeaux 1855 classification said today (26 July).
‘The grands crus classés of 1855 offer their heartfelt condolences to the family,' said council president Philippe Castéja.
One of the greats
Professsor Dubourdieu will be remembered as one of the greats of wine science and winemaking.
He leaves a considerable legacy to both Bordeaux and the wine world in general.
Most wine lovers will have unwittingly benefited from decades of Dubourdieu's ground-breaking research at some point in their wine drinking lives.
And his contribution as château owner and consultant in Bordeaux itself – particularly on white wines and Sauternes – has been repeatedly praised by wine critics.
Dubourdieu was earlier this year named Decanter Man of the Year 2016. He attended a celebration held in his honour at Château Haut-Bailly in Pessac-Léognan last month.
In a pre-prepared speech, Dubourdieu said he wished to share the award ‘with everyone who has helped me in my long career, and also my family and friends'.
Dubourdieu's key achievements:
Consultant to some of the best Bordeaux wine estates, including Château d'Yquem, Cheval Blanc and Margaux (Pavillon Blanc)
Publishing more than 200 research papers
Teaching some of the leading winemakers in Bordeaux and beyond
Producing wine at his own estates, including Château Reynon, Doisy-Däene and Clos Floridène. He lived at the former with his wife of 40 years, Florence.
Founding a prestigious wine education and research centre called the Institut des Sciences de la Vigne et du Vin, in 2009.
A full obituary will follow.
Related stories:
Plans are being drawn up for the RMT (the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers) to reaffiliate to the Labour Party in the wake of Jeremy Corbyn's significant gains in the general election, the New Statesman has learnt.
The union, which represents tube drivers and other workers across the transport sector, was expelled from the Labour Party under Tony Blair after some Scottish branches voted to support the Scottish Socialist Party instead.
But the RMT endorsed both of Corbyn's bids for the Labour leadership and its ruling national executive committee backed a Labour vote on 8 June.
Corbyn addressed the RMT's annual general meeting in Exeter yesterday, where he was “given a hero's welcome”, in the words of one delegate. Mick Cash, the RMT's general secretary, praised Corbyn as the union's “long-term friend and comrade”.
After the meeting, Steve Hedley, assistant general secretary at the RMT, posted a picture to Facebook with John McDonnell. The caption read: “With the shadow chancellor John McDonnell arguing that we should affiliate to the Labour Party after consulting fully and democratically with our members”.
The return of the RMT to Labour would be welcomed by the party leadership with open arms. And although its comparably small size would mean that the RMT would have little effect on the internal workings of Labour Party conference or its ruling NEC, its wide spread across the country could make the union a power player in the life of local Labour parties.
Our Story
Persimmon Hollow Brewing Company is the dream of two home brewers and best friends, Robbie Carelli and Andy Sistrunk. Their dream was to open a craft brewery in the heart of historic downtown DeLand, Florida. That dream became a reality in October of 2014, and Robbie and Andy and their team have been pursuing their passion for American and Belgian-style craft ale ever since. Persimmon Hollow is part of the SoNY neighborhood (South of New York Ave), including Artisan Alley, home of several great boutiques and a great Friday night open-air market. There is passion for our craft in every glass, and our neighborhood of artists and crafts-people echo and embody that same passion for craft and creativity. Our company motto is “Drink Sensibly, But Get Weird”, as we believe that craft beer should be fun, a little weird, and truly a work of art in every glass. Persimmon Hollow began canning three of our core beers in October of 2015, and our beer is now available in cans and draft throughout the Daytona Beach and Orlando areas, with distribution expected to expand in the future.
Thank you for drinking our beer and Let's Get Weird!
Cheers Y'all!
LITTLE ROCK—the Arkansas legislature, worried that the state might climb out of its 49th-place ranking for child poverty, today passed a religious-freedom law designed to prevent out-of-town money from reaching the state.
“Being isolated and poor is what this great state is all about, and in recent years we've had too much interest from big coastal businesses in setting up shop here,” said Arkansas House Speaker Jeremy Gillam (R), who represents White [sic] County. “We figured this was the best way to keep those fancy East-Coast dollars from corrupting our way of life.”
As designed, a number of large businesses immediately condemned the bill, and in some cases announced plans to avoid Arkansas, just as some have threatened to reduce their investments in Indiana, which recently passed a similar bill. Some in-state criticism also came from Walmart, a well-known bastion of bleeding-heart liberals.
“Mission accomplished,” said Gillam. “Hopefully this bill will keep our proud traditions of pellagra and scurvy in our schools for years to come.”
“Just the right amount of bigotry,” announced Gillam after the bill's passage
Advertisements
According to a study from McKinsey&Company conducted in partnership with the Financial Access Initiative, a consortium of researchers at New York University, Harvard, Yale, and Innovations for Poverty Action, half the world is unbanked.
In other words, about 2.5 billion world's adults don't use banks to save or borrow money as 2.2 billion of those live in developing areas like Africa, Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East.
This represents a huge opportunity to foster financial inclusion, ideally starting from a niche to better the mechanism and scale up.
Let's consider, for instance, Latin America where 65% of South Americans are unbanked and in small countries such as the Dominican Republic even less, as only 29% of adults have access to traditional financial services.
However, the Country itself has been rated by the World Bank as the fastest economy in the Americas reporting an average real GDP growth rate of 5.4% between 1992 and 2014, which topped 7% in the region over 2014 – 2015 confirming to be among the top 15 economies on the ease of doing business in 2016.
Therefore, when it comes to entrepreneurship, a pivotal role it could be played by alternative ways of getting funds in order to enable the creation of new ventures and, accordingly, more jobs.
This is the case of socially innovative corporate financial instruments such as crowdlending, also known as loan-based crowdfunding which was recently included by the European Central Bank among
the promising set of alternative sources of financing due to its potential for providing financing which is tailor-made to the particular needs of small entrepreneurs.”
The other way around, from an investor point of view, experts concluded that saving through this kind of debt based crowdfunding allows the optimization of a portfolio comprising both institutional and retail investors.
In particular, they pointed out that:
Loan Based Crowdfunding can contribute to solving the problem of the scarcity of investment vehicles.
In the intersection between entrepreneurs and investors in a sharing economy context, borrowers and lenders in a collaborative environment, innovative projects like iBAN Wallet emerges.
Oliver* met up with Daniel Suero Alonso, iBAN Co-founder and CEO, to discuss about their latest moves and future challenges.
OLIVER*: Hi Daniel, thank you for joining us. First, I would like to ask you what's the state of the art of peer to peer consumer lending market?
Daniel: Well I don't think there's a state of the art yet since so there are so many models and approaches still being experimented with, so it would be more of a combination of some the Fintech leaders. You wouldn't be too far off if you could take Funding Circle's marketing, the tech in companies like Revolut (even though they're not in the P2P lending space their technology is something lenders should be aiming for), and obviously iBAN's cross-border model!
O*: How can crowdlending and, more in particular of companies like yours, help in fostering financial inclusion on a global scale?
D: Well as you've already pointed out, roughly half the world is unbanked. However around 80% of individuals in developing nations have mobile phones – anything that can provide access to basic financial services, such as accessing credit, through a mobile will foster financial inclusion.
Crowdlending is obviously moving control of credit away from the banks, allowing access to loans for individuals who may have been excluded from consideration before.
With iBAN Wallet we are actively injecting funds into developing economies, promoting growth for individuals and small businesses where previously they may have had difficulty.
O*: What's the gap in the market you spotted in order to come out with the Wallet idea?
D: Currently all the major players in the P2P lending space are receiving money and lending within a single country, primarily focused in Europe, the US and Asia. Alternative lending is only just arriving to LATAM, and with it the associated lower loan rates, so there's a huge connected population waiting for this technology and business model to arrive. By lending cross-border in a mobile application, we can provide simpler and cheaper credit access to all those individuals, at fair local rates, enabling us to pass on the financial gains to the lenders that come with lending in a developing economy.
O*: Why the product is so unique in the market?
D: The live-updating global investor marketplace is the key feature, with no other product on the market offering the same ability to filter based on the same variety of attributes.
We are also combining this with a range of personal finance management tools, connecting individuals investments and finance tracking for the first time with statistical and graphical analysis of ingoings, outgoings, and budget just to mention the few.
O*: How does it work? In other words how both sides, borrowers and lenders can make the most of it?
D: Borrowers will be able to upload a loan request once they have completed a profile, and after credit and risk checks their request will feature on the marketplace. Lenders will filter based on a variety of attributes (e.g. credit score, interest rate, currency, etc.), identifying the investment that is right for them. iBAN Wallet will be perfect for people who like to make their money work harder to bring in great returns.
O*: To launch your product your company itself leveraged crowdfunding. Why?
D: With a company like ours, crowdfunding offers a great opportunity to gain both investors and users at the same time.We can spread awareness of the brand among our target user market, while anyone that then owns a piece of our business will become ambassadors for the concept. It's a no-brainer!
O*: Moving to a scenario perspective, what do you make of the latest FCA consultation released few weeks ago?
D: The right level of regulation is always essential to protect customers, and I think the FCA has done a great job so far in keeping up with the rapid evolution of this industry. That being said,
I think we have to be careful not to stifle the innovation that's coming out of this sector.
We'll have to see what impact the proposed rules have once they come into effect.
O*: The Financial Times stated that peer-to-peer lenders will morph into traditional banking. What's your point of view on this?
D: With Zopa announcing they plan to launch a bank, no wonder!
P2P Lenders are obviously performing one of the many financial services of a bank, only quicker, easier and cheaper.
Traditional banking implies a move back to the way things have been done for hundreds of years, which isn't going to happen.
The whole sector of Fintech is revolutionising the way financial services are provided, and there's no going back now customers have experienced what's possible – if there is a move to banking it will be with the influence of technology that is currently being exhibited in companies like ours.
O*: What are the main trends and the main challenges for crowdlending in the next future from you perspective?
D: The new regulations will stifle some growth and discourage new competitors. The strongest will thrive and the ones who achieve the full authorisation have an extremely bright future.
Crowdlending is set to become mainstream, as the world of finance becomes increasingly digital.
The companies with the most powerful tech will lead the way.
A Brazilian family have found their missing pet tortoise 30 years after it disappeared.
The Almeida family lost their tortoise Manuela in 1982 after having building work done on their house, and after a lot of searching never found their pet.
However, after their father died earlier this month the family began clearing out the room which he had used to store broken electrical items.
The family, from Rio de Janeiro, were shocked to find the tortoise alive inside a box containing an old record player.
Son Leandro told Brazil's Globo G1 website: "I looked and saw her. At that moment, I turned white, I just couldn't believe what I was seeing."
Vet Jeferson Piers explained that some species of tortoise can survive up to three years without food and are extremely resilient. He suspects Manuela may have survived by eating termites from the wooden floor.
Undercover Video Shows Cruel & Filthy Conditions inside Hargin, Inc. – a MN Turkey Breeding Factory Farm
In 2013, a COK undercover investigator worked inside Hargin, Inc., a turkey breeding factory farm in Pope County, Minnesota, the top turkey-producing state in the US. At Hargin, an estimated 25,000 female turkeys are locked inside massive sheds, forced to live in cruel and filthy conditions.
Turkeys raised on factory farms are bred to grow obese so quickly, they can no longer mate naturally. Instead, they're artificially inseminated – as shown in our video, this is a violent and frightening process that involves grabbing hens by their legs, shackling them upside down, and using a plastic tube to inseminate them.
These hens will spend their lives being artificially inseminated over and over again to continually lay eggs that will hatch young turkeys to be raised and slaughtered for food, including Thanksgiving dinners.
Some of the eggs from this facility will be sold to Minnesota-based Willmar Poultry, the nation's largest turkey hatchery previously exposed for inhumane treatment of newly-hatched birds.
At Hargin, metal and plastic nesting machines are used to collect eggs, and our video shows hens getting entangled in the dilapidated and poorly maintained equipment. In an effort to free themselves, birds who get stuck by their wings, head, or feet, often endure severe injuries — sometimes so severe they're unable to survive.
To make matters worse, the squalid, cramped conditions cause many hens to suffer from various ailments, such as severe irritations covering their heads and faces. As is standard in the industry, sick and injured birds are typically left to suffer without veterinary care.
Turkeys and the Turkey Industry
Turkeys are smart, social and inquisitive birds with unique personalities. They're devoted mothers who, given the opportunity, are inseparable from their babies. At breeding factories like Hargin, however, these hens will never get a chance to even see their young. Read more.
Sadly, during the holiday season alone, more than 45 million turkeys will be killed for their meat. Treated as little more than mere meat-producing machines from the moment they hatch, the vast majority of these intelligent birds spend their entire lives intensively confined inside massive sheds and will never set foot outside. Unfortunately for these birds, there are no federal laws in the United States protecting turkeys (or other birds raised for food) from such cruelty.
The good news is that according to the US Dept. of Agriculture, turkey production in 2013 is projected to drop 5% compared to 2012 — and that would bring it to its lowest point in 10 years.
You Can Make a Difference:
Thanksgiving tradition is about celebrating life — and a growing number of Americans are choosing to do so by serving delicious vegetarian fare that everyone, including the turkeys, can be thankful for.
This holiday season, make compassion the centerpiece of your dinner table: Find free recipes, including vegetarian thanksgiving recipes, today at TryVeg.com.
Tebowmania may not be over in Denver just yet.
Article continues below ...
The Broncos' attempt to trade quarterback Tim Tebow to the New York Jets, as first reported by FOXSports.com, hit a potential snag almost as soon as it was announced on Wednesday.
Tebow's contract specifies any team that acquires the quarterback has to kick back $5.06375 million to the Broncos in advanced salaries from the 2012, 2013 and 2014 seasons, but Jets management noticed the stipulation only after agreeing to the deal, The Denver Post reported.
The Post originally reported that the Broncos would also receive a fourth- and sixth-round pick in exchange for Tebow and a seventh-round pick.
"Like he was signed, sealed and delivered," Robby Tebow, the quarterback's brother and day-to-day manager, told The Associated Press while playing in the Arnold Palmer Invitational pro-am at Bay Hill in Orlando, Fla. "Apparently, they didn't read the fine print."
Multiple reports indicate the Jacksonville Jaguars might be in the mix to acquire Tebow if the Jets' deal breaks down.
The deal — which was facilitated by Denver's signing of Peyton Manning to a five-year, $96 million contract — could spell the end to one of the wildest chapters in the franchise's 52-year history.
One of the NFL's most popular players since being drafted by the Broncos in 2010, Tebow was promoted into the starting lineup ahead of the struggling Kyle Orton six games into last season. Although the unorthodox Tebow completed only 46.5 percent of his passes, his penchant for big plays and late-game heroics helped propel Denver to an AFC West title and first-round overtime playoff victory against Pittsburgh. Tebow also helped energize a Broncos fan base that was becoming increasingly frustrated at the franchise's ineptitude over the previous two seasons.
Tebow, though, didn't show enough promise as a traditional NFL quarterback to convince Broncos management that he had the potential to become a franchise quarterback. Even after Broncos executive vice president John Elway told FOXSports.com in December that he was looking forward to hands-on work with Tebow during the offseason, Denver quickly entered the bidding for Manning following his release from Indianapolis earlier this month. Manning chose the Broncos over a slew of other strongly interested suitors that included Tennessee, San Francisco, Miami and Arizona.
Tebow has three seasons remaining on his five-year, $9.8 million rookie contract. According to rotoworld.com, Tebow is scheduled to collect a base salary of $1.1 million in 2012.
FOXSports.com NFL senior writer Alex Marvez contributed to this report.
The Iraq war is the first exhibit, but it is not the most extreme. In August 2002, frustrated that talk of a diplomatic solution was threatening to intrude on his personal timetable for the invasion of Baghdad, Cheney decided to push US policy into a more aggressive phase. George Bush had said that Saddam Hussein "desires" weapons of mass destruction. Cheney took it further. "There is no doubt that Saddam Hussein now has weapons of mass destruction; there is no doubt that he is massing them to use against our friends, against our allies and against us," he said in a speech to the Veterans of Foreign Wars. It was "as great a threat as can be imagined".
The speech was tantamount to a declaration of war and we know from Bob Woodward's book Plan of Attack that Colin Powell, Bush's then secretary of state, was "astonished". Powell said Cheney seemed to be in a "fever" for war. His martial ambition for his country sat uncomfortably on a man who had none for himself. With the US at war in Vietnam, the young Cheney, of drafting age, applied for four deferments to avoid service. "I had other priorities in the '60s than military service," he would say later. This is why he has been branded in the US as one of the Administration's so-called "chicken hawks". And yet Cheney has the hide, during his visit to Sydney, to schedule an event at Victoria Barracks where he will pose with Aussie war veterans, hoping, one presumes, for valour by association.
The Bush Administration's policy of obtaining information "under duress" from detainees in US facilities abroad, a practice otherwise known as torture, is another Cheney accomplishment. Powell's former chief of staff, the retired army colonel Larry Wilkerson, told CNN in November 2005, during a discussion of torture policy: "There's no question in my mind where the philosophical guidance and the flexibility in order to do so originated." In the office of the Vice-President of the United States.
Where the war dismayed the peoples of the world, including many pro-American ones, the torture policy disgusted them. This Vice-President has betrayed the high idealism that the US, at its best, has long offered the world. "How can America go around the world preaching democracy and human rights with a straight face while you have the Vice-President in Washington defending torture?" asks Jim Steinberg, the dean of international relations at the University of Texas and a former deputy national security adviser in the Clinton administration. So it may come as no surprise that Cheney, who vanishes to "an undisclosed location" in times of danger and whose only notable act of personal derring-do was to shoot his friend during a hunting expedition, is not terribly popular in today's America. A Harris poll this month put his approval rating at 29 per cent, his all-time low in the Harris series, making him several points more unpopular than the President.
John Howard will embrace the Vice-President today and tomorrow, but could he really want to be seen in close company with this man at this moment as Kevin Rudd brings his Iraq policy under fresh scrutiny? Even old Republican friends of Cheney have disavowed him for his fevered embrace of the neo-conservative agenda of imposing democracy at the point of a gun. The national security adviser to two Republican presidents, Brent Scowcroft, one of the wise old men of US foreign policy, told The New Yorker magazine: "I consider Cheney a good friend. I've known him for 30 years. But Dick Cheney I don't know any more."
Still, despite the political liability that Cheney has become, Howard can use the opportunity to reassert his title as the custodian of the US alliance, always a positive in the eyes of Australian voters. Cheney may be in Australia to say thanks, but he is also here because he has a lot less to do in Washington these days. The Democratic Party's victory in the congressional elections brought a clear end to the power of the neocon agenda in US politics. The firing of Donald Rumsfeld, one of Cheney's greatest allies in the Administration, was the clearest public indication that the neocon era was over. And look what has happened since. Last week the North Koreans agreed to suspend their nuclear weapons program. It was a deal the former Bush neocon John Bolton said that the US State Department had wanted to do six years earlier.
Why hadn't it? In part because Cheney vetoed it. Cheney has always believed that the US should never make any up-front concessions in any negotiation. Speaking of Cheney and Rumsfeld, the former US deputy secretary of state Richard Armitage had said: "Their idea of diplomacy is to say, 'Look f---er, you do what we want."' But the marginalisation of the neocon project has meant that Cheney's influence has been reduced, as The Washington Post pointed out this week. And so the deal was allowed to be done.
The US has moved into the post-neocon phase, and the fact that Cheney is here for the first time in six years, to say "thanks", is a sign that he doesn't have more important things to do in DC in his reduced status. And, however unloved he may be here, Americans are in no great rush to welcome him home again. Walter Russell Mead, the Henry Kissinger fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York, yesterday made this generous offer: "We are willing to let you have him for as long as you like." Peter Hartcher is the Herald's political editor.
NEWS RELEASE SAULT STE. MARIE POLICE SERVICE ************************* 14-year-old Victoria Daynard who was reported missing in an earlier news release has been located and returned home.
NEWS RELEASE
SAULT STE. MARIE POLICE SERVICE
*************************
14-year-old Victoria Daynard who was reported missing in an earlier news release has been located and returned home. The City Police would once again like to thank the public for their assistance in this matter.
*************************
Original release: 4:22 p.m.
Public's Assistance Sought in Locating Missing Youth
Officers from the Investigation Services Section of the Sault Ste. Marie Police Service are currently attempting to locate 14-year old Victoria Daynard.
Victoria left her residence on the 9th of October to attend school. She has not been heard from since.
Victoria is 5 foot 9 inches tall and weighs approximately 140 pounds. She has black shoulder length hair, blue eyes, a fair complexion and a mole under her left eye. There is no clothing description available.
If you know the whereabouts of Victoria, or if you have seen her the last few days, contact the Sault Ste. Marie Police Service at 705-949-6300.
*************************
Want to help? We encourage you to use the social media options below to share this story with your friends.
The Kettlebell Swing is a Jack-of-all-trades exercise. You can build amazing looking hamstrings and glutes with the Swing. You can unlock your power potential and unleash speed with the Swing. You can improve your cardiovascular endurance. The list goes on. In terms of bang for your buck, the Kettlebell Swing is near the top of the list of high value exercises.
Read More >>
The Kettlebell Swing is a Jack-of-all-trades exercise. You can build amazing looking hamstrings and glutes with the Swing. You can unlock your power potential and unleash speed with the Swing. You can improve your cardiovascular endurance. The list goes on. In terms of bang for your buck, the Kettlebell Swing is near the top of the list of high value exercises.
RELATED: 3 Kettlebell Exercises You've Probably Never Seen (VIDEOS)
There's only one problem: It's kind of tough to learn. Actually, it's not exactly the easiest thing to teach either. Until now.
Below is an easy four-step progression for making sure you (or your clients) swing the most optimal way to yield big-time results. Follow these four steps to eliminate the squat-and-front-raise Swings we commonly see and replace them with viciously aggressive Swings that mean business.
Step 1: Kettlebell Deadlift
Step 1 lays the foundation not only for the Swing, but also pretty much all things athletic. The loaded hip hinge is vital for honing your inner athlete. Whether it's in the weight room or on the field, this movement is essential for quality movement and leads to a plethora of benefits.
In five easy steps, here is the simplest way to achieve this.
Stand above the KB with the handle in line with your midfoot.
Hip hinge – shoot the hips and butt back, loading the hamstrings with tension. Keep soft knees and a flat back. No overextension or flexion at the lumbar spine.
Grab the KB tightly, creating tension in your entire body. Your shoulders should be above the KB and your chin should be tucked.
Push away from the ground with your feet as you pull the KB straight up on a vertical path.
Extend the hips, stand upright and squeeze your butt, then follow the exact same movement pattern in reverse as you return the KB to exactly where you pulled it from.
Boom. Repeat the final two steps until your set is complete. Then do another set. Then probably do 3 more.
RELATED: Proper Kettlebell Swing Form: A Step-by-Step Guide
This is the groundwork we need for a good swing, because when you master the Kettlebell Deadlift, you're instilling very important features of the Swing into your technique. Some of those are:
Lat Tension
Hamstring Tension
Glute Activation
Hip Flexion/Extension
Loaded Hip Hinge
Neutral Spine
Now you're ready for Step 2.
Step 2: Band-Resisted Hip Extension
Now that you have the feel for the KB Deadlift, we're going to put the spotlight on the hips. The hips, not the arms, propel the KB forward in the Swing. You have to produce a sufficient amount of force at the hip to make the KB actually swing.
To set this up, just anchor a mini-band to an immovable object and step through the loop so you're wearing it like a belt. Step out until the band has enough tension to pull you backwards. Grab a light KB and simulate a slow motion swing. This can also be performed without a KB, as shown above.
The sole purpose of this drill is created snap in the hips. Step 1 shows you how to hinge your hips. Step 2 shows you how to use that hinge to create energy that eventually transfers to the Swing.
RELATED: 5 Best Kettlebell Exercises to Build Explosive Power
Step 3: Kettlebell Hike
Oddly enough, the third step is the first one of the actual Kettlebell Swing. Seems counterintuitive, but let me explain.
Although this is the first thing you do when you start the Swing, you cannot perform the Swing without mastering the first two steps. Those progressive movements drive home the importance of mastering your hip hinge pattern and using it to create force concentrically. Without those two things, you're just flailing around with a heavy toy in your hands.
Once all of that becomes comfortable and effective, then you add the final touch—the KB Hike.
To start the hike, you want the KB within arm's reach about a foot in front of you. The goal is to tilt the KB over on a 45-degree angle and have it in position so that you're reaching forward while still keeping some tension in your lats in a hinged position.
From this position, you simply hike the kettlebell as if you were a center playing football. Snap the ball to the quarterback.
It's important to hike the KB back and up so the end range of the hike is behind you and about even with your butt. At the very least, you want the KB to stay above your knees at its end range of the hike.
Also important: try to remain in the same hinge position throughout the entire set of hikes. There will naturally be a small amount of movement as you hike—your chest may raise 2-3 inches, which is fine—but tension in the core and posterior chain is vital. Never lose that.
The entire purpose of this drill is to teach you how to begin your Swing with force-creating tension in your lower body so you can turn the hike into your first Swing and make it a powerful one. If you lose tension or get too out of position on the hike, that habit will stay with you on the Swing.
RELATED: 3 Kettlebell Exercises to Improve Your Vertical Jump
Step 4: Kettlebell Swings
Put it all together now! You have crushed the three preceding drills, so the only thing left is to swing—and it should come pretty easily.
Take the overall hip hinge motion from the Deadlift, add force production form the Banded Reach Through, start it off with the hike action and you've got yourself a pretty sexy swing.
To steal a page out of Brian Clarke's notebook, here are some cues and corrosives for the Kettlebell Swing.
Cues:
Reach back with your hips.
Pretend your feet are bolted to the floor and someone tied a rope to your waist, stood behind you and yanked the rope. (That's a mouthful).
Keep the KB above your knees.
Pop your hips.
Tuck your shoulder blades down and back.
Corrosives:
Kettlebell Squat + Front Delt Raise is NOT a KB Swing
Lumbar Flexion
Letting the kettlebell drift away from your control
Legs completely straight during eccentric action
Holding your breath
Cervical hyper-extension during the entire movement
Loss of foot stance or balance
Whether you're a coach or an athlete, I hope this 4-step progression can assist you. Don't rush through it. Each step can be made difficult for anyone and provide a great training effect. Build the movement, own the movement and enjoy the process.
Photo Credit: Getty Images // Thinkstock
Turkish carriers halt Russia flights temporarily due to visa trouble
Tolga Özbek – ISTANBUL
CİHAN photo
Two Turkish airline companies have temporarily halted flights to Russia after experiencing problems in acquiring visas for their flight crews.Low-cost carrier Pegasus has stopped flights until Jan. 13 while Onur Airways has also halted flights to Nalchik until Jan. 14. Turkish Airlines, however, said it would continue its service to Russia because the company had previously acquired visas for crew members.“As our company failed to obtain a positive response to the visa applications for its crew members, we have halted our Russia flights until Jan. 13,” Pegasus said in a written statement.The company also said passengers affected by the cancelation would be refunded for their losses.Russia decided to suspend a visa-free regime with Turkey starting at the beginning of 2016 after a diplomatic crisis between the two countries erupted in November 2015.Russia placed visa requirements on the cabin crews of flights from Turkey to Russia in a controversial move in terms of global civil aviation rules.According to International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) rules, cabin crews are exempt from visa requirements and can stay in destination countries for a few days with a special permit.Russia has also refused to offer clearance to private jets from Turkey as well, according to sources. As such, such flights have been forced to touch down in Bulgaria before asking for clearance from Russia.
Rulings are a little tougher. Judge my opponent drew his card for the turn, opponent says he hasn't drawn a card yet. This is where you ask questions and make your call. It's also the scariest part, since you may never know if your ruling was correct.
Rules questions are the easiest part. If I play Flooble on the Blooble, will it die? No opinions, just facts. Sometimes you need to look up a ruling, or confer with someone else. That's perfectly fine. Players like that. They prefer you to be correct over being fast. You can always extend the time in their match for a lengthy ruling.
-Investigations – when you need to find out if a player did something actionable.
-Rulings – when a player needs you to make a judgement call on a situation.
You can break player interaction down into several key areas:
However the most terrifying thing for new judges to overcome is Player Interaction.
The primary role of the tournament judge is to move the tournament forward. You're typically responsible for getting everything running smoothly. Sure there are rules questions, but typically not that many over the course of the day.
Judging is a little different. Most people think that it's answering rules questions and catching cheaters, and while those things are things, they form a small part of a greater engine.
First, let's touch on tournaments. Card game tournaments are fairly universal. Most of them do the same things. Many use Swiss or Single Elimination, and I've discussed those here .
BTW, he is also very handsome and single. This is totally Jennifer Lawrence typing this, and not Ian. That would be very sad and not at all like him.
Ian Taylor started as a professional basketball referee in 1992 in Wollongong, Australia. After working some other sports, he started judging Magic in 1995. Since moving to the US, he quit sports, but kept up the card game judging. For Magic he has served on 5 Pro Tours, 13 Grands Prix, and countless smaller events. He was the Rules Manager for the WWE Raw Deal TCG. He has been the Head Judge for 4 world championship events, including the recent Epic Card Game World Championship at White Wizard Game Fair.
I don't like talking about myself, so I'm going to have Hollywood Megastar Jennifer Lawrence tell you about me.
But why would you listen to me? Who am I?
So in this series, I'm going to talk about basic officiating principles. Ones that you can use for running Star Realms, Epic, and Hero Realms, but also any games that might fire in your local game store.
Running tournaments can be intimidating, and being the judge…the one to answer questions, to keep it fun and fair, and deal with player-generated fires, that's a job that people will avoid.
Investigations are relatively rare, but you need to be prepared for them. First we need to define “Cheating”
Players are usually hard-wired to play towards an advantage, so if they're trying to decide if they've used a resource or once-per-turn action or whatever, they're more likely to assume that they haven't. This isn't necessarily cheating. Cheating requires three criteria to be met:
-The player has to deliberately break a rule.
-The player has to know they were breaking a rule when they broke the rule.
-The player has to gain some advantage by breaking the rule.
A player misplaying because of bad information isn't usually cheating, but it's often actionable. This is why we give out warnings, and even game losses. If we give these penalties, we're assuming that the player wasn't cheating.'
‘
That's a little taste of judging, and why we judge. If it's for you, great! I find the best thing about judging is also the most intimidating: You are the one that guides the players to a good tournament experience. In subsequent Ruling Class columns, I'll go into more detail about how we do what we do, and how we can do it better.
Lastly, on my 20th anniversary as a judge, I wrote a long Facebook post that ended up getting shared a lot. I put highlights of it below (taking out the specific Magic references, and the mean-spirited and/or situational jokes). People seemed to enjoy it.
20 YEARS A JUDGE
My first tournament was in June 1995. I've been judging for 20 years. Here are some of the lessons and observations that stuck with me:
-The only thing worse than a boring tournament is an interesting tournament.
-Players start respecting you sometime after you stop demanding it.
-If your only skill as a judge is your ability to get the last slip signed quickly, you're a legend and you'll get work. If you don't have this skill, acquire this skill.
-Correcting another judge in the middle of the ruling undermines their authority, and undermining a judge's authority is one of the worst things you can do (that's legal). Take them aside, away from the players.
-If a player starts a question with “Is it unsporting if…”, stop right there. It is.
-The Head Judge isn't always the best judge, but they're the ones in charge. Most of the time, they've earned the right to be in charge. If they haven't, well guess what? They're still in charge.
-The more tired I am, the more likely I will become very interested in a particular match and require a seat in order to observe it.
-Once you have the facts, make your ruling. If you waste more than 30 seconds thinking, you're judging wrong. And by 30 I mean 10. And by 10 I mean why aren't you done yet? Pull the damn trigger!
-“Professional” is a meaningless buzzword. Define your own professionalism.
-It's ok to be confused. Just don't look confused.
-Be aware of room coverage. Always.
-Don't be proud. Sometimes a player can show you that you're wrong. Suck it up and make the right ruling. The game is far more important than your ego.
-Don't involve yourself in an investigation until you're asked.
-If you check a deck for a long enough time, you'll eventually find a problem with it.
-The first thing you do when walking into the tournament area is see if the table numbers are set. Plan your morning ritual around this answer.
-Answer hypotheticals hypothetically.
-Don't eat pizza with both hands. You'll have to make a ruling, and that clean hand will be very useful.
-When you see another judge writing down a penalty, try to smack the pen out of their hand. They won't be expecting you to play defense, and it will brighten their day. Probably. (I've never tried it)
-Write reviews when you have something to say. If you force a review, it's super obvious.
-Judges hungry? Rulings bad…
-Judge for the rules questions you have, not the rules questions you want.
-Walk the floor. Be visible. Players will often ask questions as they see you walk past.
-Don't allow players to talk over each other. Ever.
-What sounds like a stupid question might be a smart question asked in a stupid way.
-If you sell your call, they won't appeal. Unless they're smarter and you're wrong.
-All the results slips should be cut to the same approximate size. See that bit at the top and the bottom of the page? Yeah, that's supposed to be cut off. Don't argue.
-Overinvestigation is a real problem. If you ask someone to tell you what happened multiple times, even the most honest of players will start to add information, making their story appear inconsistent. You know whose story usually doesn't change? A liar's.
-Side events aren't as sexy as the main event, but you'll actually get some judging done.
-If you've found a problem every round you've done a deck check, the problem might be you.
-Having a ruling overturned stings a little, but it shouldn't. The Head Judge usually has better and clearer information than you did.
-Games are games. Don't be so serious.
-The ghosts of all the bad calls you ever made will haunt you. Get used to their screaming. If you start to enjoy it, you'll level up.
-You're a judge. It's ok if you use your judgment sometimes.
-Hydrate. It's important, and doing so will stop judges coming up to you and suggesting that you hydrate. That quickly gets annoying.
-If you're discussing (arguing) something with another judge, don't ask their level to prove your point. If they're right, or wrong, their level won't matter and it makes you look like a jerk.
-If you ask a player if they want to appeal your ruling, they'll usually say “yes”. Don't go to this well often because it undermines you.
-Don't annoy the scorekeeper. If you break this rule, steer clear of the scorekeeper. If you break this rule…it was nice knowing you.
-RTFC. Seriously. At least five of my rulings each month are simply me reading the text out loud to the players.
With the MvC3 hype still going strong, it's sometimes easy to forget about SSF4, so I'll try my best to remind you with great SSF4 matches of top players from all over the world! So, here are a few of the best matches from this past week.
GamerBee reminding us why he's still the king with Adon, vs ramunekka.
Playerjun52, also known as ぼん (Bon) at the arcades, showing why he's the most dangerous and flashiest Ken out there, vs Yuko Oshima's Dhalsim
One of the most entertaining matches of the week included two of Japan's top players, ACE E I RI N, with his scary good Guile, vs robin01's amazing Abel.
Got twenty minutes to spare? Then check out these matches from Neo [Juri], Inthul [Fei], Four Wude [Akuma], Jayce The Ace [Viper], MashDatDP [Bison] lilsicx66 [Ken] and shinji840 [Viper]
Fox News contributor George Will surprised Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace when he said that the United States should welcome and assimilate migrant children apprehended at the border fleeing violence in Central American countries.
“We ought to say to these children, ‘Welcome to American, you're going to go to school and get a job and become Americans,'” Will said. “We have 3,141 counties in this country. That would be 20 per county. The idea that we can't assimilate these eight-year-old criminals with their teddy bears is preposterous.”
Wallace said he could hear the complaining emails being written as they spoke.
Will dismissed them. “We can handle this problem. We've handled what Emma Lazarus famously called ‘the wretched refuse of your teeming shores' a long time ago and a lot more people than this.”
Watch the clip below, via Fox News:
[h/t Media Matters]
[Image via screengrab]
——
>> Follow Evan McMurry (@evanmcmurry) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Halifax regional council has set aside funds to cover wage increases from contract negotiations with its police force, but it's not clear if there's enough to cover all of the recommended raise.
On Friday, an arbitration panel recommended a 2.75 per cent annual increase for five years.
The union had requested a 10-year contract with various increases over the life of the contract, while Halifax officials had asked for a four-year contract with a one per cent lump payment in the first two years and a one per cent annual increase in the final two years.
The arbitration decision noted bargaining broke down for the municipality and union for the police force, the Halifax Regional Police Association. (Robert Short/CBC)
"Staff has yet to go through it and evaluate what the results are and the impacts to the municipality," said Coun. Steve Craig, who is also the chair of the police commission.
The arbitration decision noted the municipality and union for the police force, the Halifax Regional Police Association, experienced an "almost total failure of bargaining" during negotiations, which prompted the need for arbitration.
Contract details
One thing the panel didn't change was the long-service award, a lump sum payment members with enough years of service received upon retirement. The union wanted it increased, while the municipality wanted it gone. Members with 20 years of service get $1,500, while members with 25 years of service get $2,000 when they retire.
The benefits structure for members of the force was also left unchanged.
Details of the report were discussed behind closed doors at the monthly meeting of the police commission on Monday.
The Chabahar Port in Iran is not the only strategic measure India is taking to strengthen its diplomatic ties in Asia and, at the same time, counter China which is building the Gwadar Port in Pakistan.
While the Chabahar Port is significant because of a greater economic interest to India, Iran and Afghanistan, it won't be enough to break the ‘string of pearls' Beijing is weaving at a rapid pace.
So the Indian Government has shown a very deep interest in building the Payra Port in Bangladesh.
Advertisement
According to reports, Union Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari said that India Ports Global, the joint venture between state-run JNPT and Kandla Port for overseas ports, has shown interest in the ‘expressions of interest' Bangladesh floated for building Payra Port.
Gadkari said that both the Indian Foreign Ministry and their Bangladeshi counterpart are holding talks on the same.
“Dhaka also wants us. We have sent a team there for studies,” Gadkari said.
Thankfully, a favourable Awami League government led by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has eased New Delhi's efforts.
In February, Beijing had approached Dhaka with a proposal to build the same port. It was aligned to China's designs in Sri Lanka, where it is already developing a port.
But Bangladesh did not accept the offer and decided to award the deal to New Delhi.
Once the port is constructed, it would improve Bangladesh's economic interests besides helping India's strategic interests tremendously.
“The Shipping Ministry is closely following the developments in regard to the Payra port so as to secure our national and strategic interests,” a release by the ministry read.
The plan for Payra is being seen as an outcome of the Narendra Modi government's ‘Act East' policy, as part of which increased attention is being given to countries in Southeast Asia, especially those not in the ‘good books' of China.
China's ‘string of pearls' is a strategic objective of Beijing to reduce India's influence in the Indian Ocean Region (IOR). But Southeast Asian countries are themselves standing up to China's aggressive South China Sea policy.
As part of its counterstrategy, the Indian Government is planning to sell BrahMos supersonic cruise missiles to Vietnam despite Beijing's objections.
The U.S. Supreme Court decision regarding same-sex marriage raises some interesting questions about another taboo that is losing its might almost as rapidly. Almost half the states have already enacted legislation making it legal to use marijuana either for medical or recreational purposes. That total is likely to rise next year when seven more states vote on initiatives that would make marijuana use legal. Is there a tipping point approaching where Congress will be forced to act?
Although the Supremes did not say as much in their 5-4 decision on marriage, the fact is that the court was simply putting its imprimatur on a practice that was already legal in more than two-thirds of the states. And while the analogy with legal cannabis is hard to miss, there are some significant differences.
The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime released its 2015 world report on Friday and the data are not entirely friendly to the cause of legalization:
Evidence suggests that more drug users are suffering from cannabis use disorders, and that cannabis may be becoming more harmful, as reflected in the high proportion of persons seeking first-time treatment in several regions of the world.
ALSO READ: Colorado Ranch Is Nation's First Marijuana-Friendly Resort
The UN report is based on 2013 data — the most recent available — and indicates, for example, that the United States leads the world in the quantity of herbal marijuana seized by drug enforcement agencies in 2013. The United States also leads by a factor of two in the eradication of outdoor cannabis plants (more than 4 million) and by a factor of nearly four in the eradication of indoor cannabis plants.
VANCOUVER (NEWS 1130) – Should restaurants in Vancouver be able to host live music until 2 a.m.? Should Vancouver's beachside concession stands be allowed to serve liquor?
Those are some of the question included in a second online survey as the city works to update their liquor policies.
The first survey earlier this year attracted 8,856 respondents, the majority of whom supported liquor service in more locations and a tougher stance on problem bars and restaurants.
“Patios. Everybody loves patios,” says Chief Licence Inspector Andreea Toma. “They think we need to do more in terms of ensuring that we allow that to flourish in the city of Vancouver.”
This second survey looks to get more specific. For example, gauging support for allowing patios to stay open until 1 a.m., or allowing patios on Granville St. between Georgia and Nelson.
“The intent of this second round of consultation is for us to go back to the public and say, ‘this is what we've heard, these are some of the things we're anticipating doing, here's how we want to change for the city, what do you think?'” Toma explains.
The survey is available on the City of Vancouver's website until Sept. 25th. There will also be an accompanying phone survey.
We can barely catch our breath. We can't stop laughing.
Last week, Japan announced that it would undertake a bold and radical experiment. After 23 years of on-again, off-again deflation, the new government decided it had had enough of things getting cheaper.
The Bank of Japan will now obediently monetize debt until inflation reaches 2%. This, the country's central bankers believe, will encourage people to spend. The economy will take off.
Why is it better for people to spend more tomorrow than they want to spend today? Why is it better for prices to go up 2% than to go down 2%? Why is an economy that "takes off" better than one that sits calmly on the runway?
Those questions will have to wait for another day; no one bothers to ask today. Economists say the secret to prosperity is to stimulate demand. Anything that stimulates demand is thought to be a good thing.
It doesn't seem to matter that this proposition is transparent poppycock. People always want stuff. Demand is infinite. Government doesn't have to stimulate it.
What really matters is buying power. And buying power is limited. The authorities try to get around this problem by printing money. Then, with this new money in hand, it is almost as though people had real demand!
The Demand Delusion
But that's what is so breathtaking and so funny about this time we live in. Who really believes you can increase demand… and make people wealthier… by just printing up money? Who really believes you can give people more buying power by giving them more pieces of paper?
Apparently, just about everybody! Ha ha ha!
Real demand depends on real earnings, not more currency. People buy things by producing things. That's "Say's Law," named after Jean-Baptiste Say. Buying power − or demand − comes from production, not pieces of paper.
Economists and central bankers cannot increase real demand. But they can sure move it around!
Giving money to poor nations − foreign aid − does not make them richer; it undermines local industries and makes them poorer. But some people get richer. Mercedes-Benz dealers in Africa noticed that whenever a new foreign aid program was announced, sales of their high-end models shot up. The insiders knew they could skim millions from the aid programs.
Now, when new QE programs are announced in Japan, Ferrari sales shoot up. From Bloomberg:
Registrations of Fiat SpA (F)'s ultra-luxury brand surged 40%, to 144 vehicles, in Japan last quarter, according to the Japan Automobile Importers Association yesterday. That's more than twice the pace in the larger U.S. market, while demand is slumping in China, at home and across Europe.
The surge in demand for luxury cars adds to signs that Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda are succeeding in reviving spending in the country. Stock prices are climbing back to levels before the September 2008 collapse of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., and households have become more confident about the economic outlook.
"The growth is very promising, and I think we can expect these super luxury brands to introduce more models that they hadn't introduced to Japan before and to strengthen their dealership networks," said Yoshiaki Kawano, a Tokyo-based auto analyst at industry researcher IHS Automotive. "The optimism for an economic recovery is spreading."
To sustain growth, Ferrari opened a new after-service facility in Japan this month, said Herbert Appleroth, head of the company's operations in the country.
Getting Poorer
When you print money, it's like issuing new shares in a public company. The existing shares become worth less than they were before… because each one represents less of the total company.
Likewise, the currency of a nation represents the goods and services that the nation produces. Print more currency and each unit will have fewer goods and services behind it.
But some people get the new shares… or new money… and are richer. Everyone else may be poorer, but the people first in line for the free cash come out ahead. Economists and other dim observers look at the increase in Ferrari sales with approval. Again, from Bloomberg:
"It seems like demand is coming back," said Michiaki Ishida, a spokesman for the auto importers association. "Some people are reacting to Abenomics, so the trend may continue."
What the mainstream press doesn't realize is that, although high-end demand goes up as insiders make wins from speculating on asset prices, real demand goes down.
That's because new money reduces the buying power of the old money. Except for the few insiders, speculators and sharpies who are first in line to get the EZ money, everyone else gets poorer.
Is that funny… or what?
You don't have to play by the rules of the corrupt politicians, manipulative media, and brainwashed peers. When you subscribe to The Daily Bell, you also get a free guide: How to Craft a Two Year Plan to Reclaim 3 Specific Freedoms. This guide will show you exactly how to plan your next two years to build the free life of your dreams. It's not as hard as you think… Identify. Plan. Execute. Yes, deliver THE DAILY BELL to my inbox!
An aircraft avionics craftsman at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico died on-base Friday night, officials said in a release Wednesday.
Tech. Sgt. Andrew Gage, 32, who was assigned to the 54th Fighter Group in the 54th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron, died at about 10 p.m. April 28. Holloman officials said no foul play is suspected, and his death is still under investigation. The release did not offer any further details about the cause of death.
Gage was from San Antonio, Texas, and is survived by his son, mother, father, sister, and brother, the release said.
"We mourn the loss of Technical Sergeant Gage," Col. James Keen, commander of the 54th Fighter Group, said in the release. "There are many impacted by this tragedy, and we are focusing on providing the support needed at this time."
The release said details on the memorial service will be released when arrangements are made.
Ford is recalling about 13,500 2015 Lincoln MKC because drivers are shutting the vehicle off by mistake.
Drivers are mistakenly touching the crossover SUV's push-button ignition button while the car is driving, Ford found.
The MKC has buttons to put the car in different gears, rather than a traditional gear shift. But drivers who are reaching for the "S" button to put the car in sport mode are sometimes hitting the adjacent start-stop button.
The start-stop button is also next to the touch screen which controls the radio, bluetooth phone control and navigation system. One car owner wrote to federal safety regulators that a passenger reaching for the radio had mistakenly pushed the on-off button and that the car came to a sudden halt as if he had slammed on the brakes.
Related: Ford recalls cars to fix improper recall
Ford (F) Motor said it will move the location of the start-stop button and reprogram the powertrain controls to fix the problem.
Ford said it is not aware of any accidents or injuries that have occurred as a result of the problem. But cars being inadvertently shut off while driving pose a significant safety hazard.
The automaker issued a second unrelated recall for some MKC vehicles on the same day. It said a flaw with the fuel pump could cause the vehicle to not start or stall while driving.
Cars inadvertently being turned off is at the center of the General Motors (GM) ignition switch recall, which has been tied to at least 42 deaths. In that case, however, the design flaw was in a key ignition rather than a push button.
Image caption The structures are free-standing - with liquid metal inside
Stretchable electronics may start appearing in the near future, after researchers created liquid metal structures on a 3D printer.
A team at North Carolina State University used an alloy of two metals - gallium and indium - that are liquid at room temperature but form a "skin" when exposed to air.
When printed, the shapes can be stretched without reverting to blobs.
The technology could be used for micro-circuits and wearable electronics.
The technique is detailed in the journal Advanced Materials.
"The metal forms a very thin layer of oxide and because of it, you can actually shape it into interesting shapes that would not be possible with normal liquids like water," said the lead author, Michael Dickey.
He explained that the printer used a syringe to stack the droplets on top of one another.
The droplets retained their shape without merging into a single big droplet, which allowed the scientists to then shape the metal.
"It's an additive manufacturing technique, so you're basically directly printing the material in 3D space," Dr Dickey said.
"The resulting structures are soft, and if you embed them in, say, rubber, for example, you can create structures that are deformable and stretchable."
Gadget makers could potentially use the technique to make connections between electronic components that would not break if their device was pulled or twisted.
Wearable tech
The work was "potentially revolutionary," said Jason Heikenfeld, professor of electrical engineering at the University of Cincinnati, who was not involved in the research.
"Folks have tried to work with liquid metal for some time - some of us when we were younger would break up a thermometer and you'd see liquid metal - mercury - go all over the place," he said.
"It was evidence that although these materials have a significant upside, in terms of what you can do with them, they are extremely challenging to work with."
Flexible electronics are starting to emerge, with companies such as Samsung, LG and Nokia experimenting with bendy displays for phones and televisions.
But this technology was not stretchable - something you could achieve when you involved liquid metals, said Dr Heikenfeld.
"Stretchable is a whole other game because you're now talking about wearable and conformable," he said.
He added that the recent research also addressed another important issue of using liquid metals - toxicity. Unlike mercury, the gallium and indium alloy was safe, he said.
A new report by Amnesty International finds Qatar's construction sector rife with abuse, with workers employed on multi-million dollar projects suffering serious exploitation.
As construction is set to begin on the FIFA World Cup 2022 stadiums, the report, The Dark Side of Migration: Spotlight on Qatar's construction sector ahead of the World Cup, unpicks complex contractual chains and reveals widespread and routine abuse of migrant workers - in some cases amounting to forced labour.
"It is simply inexcusable in one of the richest countries in the world, that so many migrant workers are being ruthlessly exploited, deprived of their pay and left struggling to survive," said Salil Shetty, Secretary General of Amnesty International.
"Construction companies and the Qatari authorities alike are failing migrant workers. Employers in Qatar have displayed an appalling disregard for the basic human rights of migrant workers. Many are taking advantage of a permissive environment and lax enforcement of labour protections to exploit construction workers."
In Qatar, migrant construction workers often work for small and medium sized enterprises sub-contracted to major companies who in some cases fail to ensure they are not exploited.
"Companies must ensure that migrant workers employed on construction projects linked to their operations are not being abused. They should be proactive and not just take action when abuses are drawn to their attention. Turning a blind eye to any form of exploitation is unforgivable, particularly when it is destroying people's lives and livelihoods," said Salil Shetty.
The report, based on interviews with workers, employers and government officials, documents a range of abuses against migrant workers. These include non-payment of wages, harsh and dangerous working conditions, and shocking standards of accommodation. Researchers also met dozens of construction workers who were prevented from leaving the country for many months by their employers – leaving them trapped in Qatar with no way out.
"The world's spotlight will continue to shine on Qatar in the run-up to the 2022 World Cup offering the government a unique chance to demonstrate on a global stage that they are serious about their commitment to human rights and can act as a role model to the rest of the region," said Salil Shetty.
Amnesty International's findings have highlighted the inadequacy of the government's existing arrangements to protect migrant workers. Amnesty International urges the government to enforce existing labour protections– which many employers flout routinely. It is also calling for an overhaul of the ‘sponsorship' system, which leaves migrant workers unable to leave the country or change jobs without their employers' permission.
The report also sheds light on current practices within the construction industry, in which some managers consider it normal to violate labour standards. Discriminatory attitudes towards migrant workers in Qatar – many of whom come from South or Southeast Asia – are common. Amnesty International researchers heard a manager of one construction firm referring to the workers as "the animals".
Amnesty International found that some of the workers who had suffered abuses were working for subcontractors employed by global companies, including Qatar Petroleum, Hyundai E&C and OHL Construction.
The organization contacted several major companies with regard to cases it had documented. Many expressed serious concerns about Amnesty International's findings and some said that they had carried out investigations. One company said it had upgraded its inspection regime as a result.
The findings give rise to fears that during the construction of high-profile projects in Qatar, including those which may be of integral importance to the staging of the 2022 World Cup, workers may be subjected to exploitation.
In one case, the employees of a company delivering critical supplies to a construction project associated with the planned FIFA headquarters during the 2022 World Cup, were subjected to serious labour abuses.
Nepalese workers employed by the supplier said they were "treated like cattle". Employees were working up to 12-hour days and seven day weeks, including during Qatar's searingly hot summer months.
Amnesty International is calling on FIFA to work with the Qatari authorities and World Cup organizers as a matter of priority to prevent abuses.
"Our findings indicate an alarming level of exploitation in the construction sector in Qatar. FIFA has a duty to send a strong public message that it will not tolerate human rights abuses on construction projects related to the World Cup," said Salil Shetty.
"Qatar is recruiting migrant workers at a remarkable rate to support its construction boom, with the population increasing at 20 people an hour. Many migrants arrive in Qatar full of hopes, only to have these crushed soon after they arrive. There's no time to delay - the government must act now to end this abuse."
The report identifies cases that constitute forced labour. Some workers interviewed by Amnesty International were living in fear of losing everything; threatened with penalty fines, deportation or loss of income if they did not show up to work even though they were not being paid.
Faced with mounting debts and unable to support their families back at home, many migrant workers have suffered severe psychological distress with some even driven to the brink of suicide.
"Please tell me - is there any way to get out of here? ... We are going totally mad," one Nepalese construction worker, unpaid for seven months and prevented from leaving Qatar for three months, told Amnesty International.
The organization has documented cases where workers were effectively blackmailed by their employers in order to get out of the country. Researchers witnessed 11 men signing papers in front of government officials falsely confirming that they had received their wages, in order to get their passports back to leave Qatar.
Many workers reported poor health and safety standards at work, including some who said they were not issued with helmets on sites. A representative of Doha's main hospital stated earlier this year that more than 1,000 people were admitted to the trauma unit in 2012 having fallen from height at work. Ten per cent were disabled as a result and the mortality rate was "significant".
Researchers also found migrant workers living in squalid, overcrowded accommodation with no air conditioning, exposed to overflowing sewage or uncovered septic tanks. Several camps lacked power and researchers found one large group of men living without running water.
The organization called on the Qatari government to seize the opportunity to lead the way regionally on protection of migrant workers' rights.
"Unless critical, far-reaching steps are taken immediately, hundreds of thousands of migrant workers who will be recruited in the coming years to deliver Qatar's vision face a high risk of being abused," said Salil Shetty.
BackgroundAmnesty International carried out interviews with approximately 210 migrant workers in the construction sector, including 101 individual interviews, during two visits to Qatar in October 2012 and March 2013. The organization also engaged with 22 companies involved in construction projects in Qatar, including in meetings, telephone calls and written correspondence. Researchers held at least 14 meetings with Qatari government representatives, including from the Ministries of Foreign Affairs, Interior and Labour.
The report forms part of Amnesty International's work on labour exploitation of migrant workers. In 2011 the organization documented abusive practices by Nepalese recruitment agencies in its report False Promises: Exploitation and forced labour of Nepalese migrant workers. The report found that agencies were using deceptive practices to traffic migrant workers for exploitation and forced labour in the Gulf States and Malaysia, and called on the Nepalese government to improve protection of its migrant workers.
One company mentioned in this report, SEG, provided additional information to Amnesty International too late for it to be included in the published report. SEG accepted Amnesty International's offer to publish SEG's response in full; the company's response can be read here
Six Afghan policemen have been killed in an insider attack at their checkpoint in a volatile district of southern Helmand province.
Provincial officials told the BBC that a policeman killed six colleagues and fled with weapons and a vehicle.
The Taliban said the policeman had been recruited by them for the attack.
While many Nato soldiers have been killed in insider attacks, analysts believe most of the casualties occur within the ranks of Afghan forces.
Correspondents say reliable casualty figures for Afghan forces are hard to come by.
Earlier this week a policeman opened fire and killed seven colleagues in the Gereshk district of Helmand.
The latest attack had taken place in Helmand's restive Musa Qala district.
Officials say they are still investigating if the policeman had in fact been recruited by the Taliban.
Four of those killed were members of Afghanistan's locally based defence and militia force, and two of them were part of the national police force, officials said.
Nato combat troops are set to withdraw in 2014, leaving local forces to cope with the insurgency on their own.
Afghan forces are set to assume full security responsibility across the country next week, although foreign forces will continue to provide training and back-up.
A U.S. soldier preparing his Blue Force Tracker before departing Camp Victory , Iraq in 2005 Blue force tracking is a United States military term for a GPS-enabled capability that provides military commanders and forces with location information about friendly (and despite its name, also hostile) military forces. In NATO military symbology, blue typically denotes friendly forces. The capability provides a common picture of the location of friendly forces and therefore is referred to as the blue force tracker. When all capitalized, the term refers to a specific defense contractors' system, but the capability is found in many military and civilians mobile apps. Contents
Systems Edit
Blue Force Tracking systems consist of a computer, used to display location information, a satellite terminal and satellite antenna, used to transmit location and other military data, a Global Positioning System receiver (to determine its own position), command-and-control software (to send and receive orders, and many other battlefield support functions), and mapping software, usually in the form of a geographic information system (GIS), that plots the BFT device on a map. The system displays the location of the host vehicle on the computer's terrain-map display, along with the locations of other platforms (friendly in blue, and enemy in red) in their respective locations. BFT can also be used to send and receive text and imagery messages, and Blue Force Tracking has a mechanism for reporting the locations of enemy forces and other battlefield conditions (for example, the location of mine fields, battlefield obstacles, bridges that are damaged, etc.). Additional capability in some BFT devices is found in route planning tools. By inputting grid coordinates the BFT becomes both the map and compass for mechanized units. With proximity warnings enabled the vehicle crew is made aware as they approach critical or turn points.
Adoption Edit
See also Edit
Civilian / Commercial Equivalents Edit
References Edit
POLICE are hunting for a cowardly gang who slashed a woman in the face and neck with a box cutter after stealing her mobile phone early on Wednesday.
The random attack left the woman, 34, in a critical condition.
Emergency surgeons operated on her for more than seven hours.
She was set upon by two males and a female of African appearance as she rode her bike along Harker St, North Melbourne, about 2.30am.
The woman's injuries were so horrific they shocked hardened police.
Detective Leading Senior Constable Gerard Whelan said it appeared she had been attacked with an extremely sharp weapon, possibly a box cutter.
“She's been stabbed, slashed in the neck, face, arm, chest,” Sen-Det Whelan said. “It's absolutely horrific.”
media_camera A female cyclist was rushed to hospital after an early morning attack. Picture: Seven News
After the trio approached the woman, one of the males produced a weapon and demanded her bike and belongings. She was then attacked.
Bleeding profusely, the victim bravely managed to ride her bike about 50m and then walked to Flemington Rd, where she flagged down a passer-by who phoned 000.
The victim, who it is believed was riding home, was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital. Her condition on Wednesday night had improved to stable.
media_camera Where the woman was slashed by three thugs. Picture: Tony Gough
Sen-Det Whelan said: “It really, really is hard to process how someone could do that to another person.”
“I struggle to process how someone could inflict such horrific injuries to someone for the sake of just taking someone's phone or even a bike,” Sen-Det Whelan said.
“The poor young girl. She will suffer some physical injuries, and I've got no doubt in my mind that she will have some emotional trauma to deal with also, sadly,” he said.
“She was wearing a bike helmet, riding her bike, doing all the right things, and just going about her business,” Sen-Det Whelan said.
“It's just a random unprovoked attack. Words just fail.”
Melbourne Embona Taskforce detectives will scour local CCTV and appealed for anyone who was in the area at the time to come forward.
Police on Wednesday night had not yet had an opportunity to speak with the victim to find out what she remembered about the attack.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers via 1800 333 000 or crimestoppersvic.com.au
wes.hosking@news.com.au
@WesHosking
Nike Flyknit Racer “Be True” Releases On June 1st
4.18 / 5 82 VOTES This post contains references to products from one or more of our advertisers. We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products. The opinions and information provided on this site are original editorial content of Sneaker News.
Nike continues its celebration and support of the LBGTQ community with its annual capsule of footwear and apparel designed to raise awareness for the group's fight for equal rights. The Flyknit Racer “Be True” indulges itself in a rainbow gradient Flyknit Swoosh above the iconic black/white Flyknit color-combination, complete with BE TRUE tongue labels. The medial Swoosh is a solid pink, as is the Swoosh on the outsole. The Nike Flyknit Racer “Be True” as well as the entire Be True collection is set for a release on June 1st.
Nike Flyknit Racer Be True
Release Date: June 1st, 2017
$150
Style Code: 902366-100
Mako sez, "Unhappy Birthday is a website/project commenting on the fact that the song "Happy Birthday To You" is under an actively enforced copyright held by Time Warner. The site offers tools and information to report unauthorized public performances of that work. If educating people and upholding the principle of copyright means risking a DoS of ASCAP's licensing enforcement infrastructure, that's a risk I'm willing to take."
The best way to stop infringement is to tell the authorities and the owners so that they can follow up and arrange for a license and for royalties to be paid. Licenses for Happy Birthday are controlled by ASCAP. While monetary royalties will be negligible for a single restaurant performance, it is the principle that is at stake.
If you have seen someone singing Happy Birthday in a restaurant, a park, or at a school, you should tell ASCAP so that they can arrange for a license. If you are an offender, you should apologize and offer to pay whatever is due – a nickel, a quarter, a dollar – whatever ASCAP demands.
There is an overwhelming amount of copyright infringement of Happy Birthday. Let's right the balance and tell ASCAP about every one of these violations!
WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump fired acting Attorney General Sally Yates after she ordered Justice Dept. lawyers to stop defending Mr. Trump's executive order banning new arrivals to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries.
Dana Boente replaces Sally Yates as acting attorney general
“The acting Attorney General, Sally Yates, has betrayed the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States,” the White House said in a statement on Monday night. “This order was approved as to form and legality by the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel.”
The White House said President Trump “relieved Ms. Yates of her duties” and named Dana Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, to serve as acting attorney general. The White House said he would serve “until Senator Jeff Sessions is finally confirmed by the Senate, where he is being wrongly held up by Democrat senators for strictly political reasons.”
“I am honored to serve President Trump in this role until Senator Sessions is confirmed,” Boente said in the statement. “I will defend and enforce the laws of our country to ensure that our people and our nation are protected.”
Boente was sworn in around 9 p.m. Monday, White House spokesman Michael Short said.
Dana Boente replaces Sally Yates as acting attorney general
He then directed the Justice Department to defend Trump's executive order on immigration and refugees.
Reporters and news photographers were not invited to witness the swearing-in ceremony.
The announcement about Yates' firing and the new acting attorney general came shortly after Yates, a career official and Obama appointee, said she was “not convinced” Mr. Trump's immigration order is “lawful” and that the Justice Department would not defend it in court “until I become convinced that it is appropriate to do so.”
The executive order banning new arrivals and refugees from seven Muslim-majority countries had already been challenged in court a number of times, and has sparked widespread protests in major cities. On Saturday, however, the Justice Department defended the order before a court in Brooklyn. Yates' decision on Monday signified a major about-face by the department.
Before the White House released the statement on Yates, Mr. Trump lashed out on social media.
“The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons,” he tweeted Monday night. “They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.”
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 31, 2017
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, of New York, issued a statement late Monday night saying the Yates firing “underscores how important it is to have an Attorney General who will stand up to the White House when they are violating the law. Many people have doubts about whether (attorney general nominee) Jeff Sessions can be that person, and the full Senate and the American people should at the very least know exactly how independent he plans to be before voting on him.
“The Attorney General should be loyal and pledge fidelity to the law, not the White House. The fact that this administration doesn't understand that is chilling,” Schumer said.
On the Senate floor, he remarked, “She was fired because she would not enact, pursue the executive order on the belief that it was illegal, perhaps unconstitutional. It was a profile in courage.”
The top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, Rep. John Conyers, of Michigan, said in a statement, “President Trump has commenced a course of conduct that is Nixonian in its design and execution and threatens the long-vaunted independence of the Justice Department.”
Nixon's White House lawyer, John Dean tweeted his reaction:
I've never read White House statement as nasty as Trump's attack on Acting AG Sally Yates. New low. https://t.co/mk52ug1xhs via @BostonGlobe — John Dean (@JohnWDean) January 31, 2017
Republican Se. Ted Cruz, of Texas, defended Mr. Trump's move, saying in a statement that Yates “now joins the ignominious succession, from Eric Holder to Loretta Lynch, of Attorneys General who put brazen partisan interests above fidelity to law.”
The Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to meet Tuesday morning to vote on the nomination of the Alabama senator for attorney general. The vote was delayed a week during last Tuesday's committee meeting when Senate Democrats asked for more time to consider the nomination, which is allowed by committee rules, CBS News' John Nolen reports.
Following a vote by the committee the nomination goes to the full Senate for consideration. Although Senate Democrats don't have the votes to block the nomination, they can use procedural maneuvers to draw the process out. The final vote by the full Senate on the Sessions nomination could come at the end of this week or the beginning of next week, depending on when Sen. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell schedules the vote and how long Democrats try to drag the process out.
Trump faces swift backlash over immigration ban
The Yates decision came as Trump pressed into his second week in office defending his sweeping immigration ban. Protests persisted at major airports, and concern mounted from U.S. diplomats and members of his own party.
Trump denied that his order was to blame for weekend chaos at the nation's airports, instead pointing to computer glitches, demonstrations and even the “fake tears” of Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer.
The president publicly shifted his focus, signing an executive action aimed at cutting regulations for small businesses and teasing his plans to unveil his Supreme Court pick Tuesday night. But the immigration ban remained at the forefront of his first fortnight in the White House -- and officials were pondering more actions moving forward.
According to a draft document obtained by The Associated Press, Trump is considering an executive order that would target some immigrants for deportation if they become dependent on government assistance.
The draft order calls for the identification and removal “as expeditiously as possible” of any foreigner who takes certain kinds of public welfare benefits. Such immigrants have been barred from the U.S. for the better part of a century and they can already be deported. The proposed order appears to signal a Trump administration effort to crack down on such welfare cases.
Another draft order under consideration would make changes to several of the government's foreign worker visa programs. The White House did not immediately respond to requests for comments on the draft orders.
The benefits of living in a small city or town are abundant. Benefits like advancing quickly in a job, knowing your neighbours and being a part of a supportive community. It's that small town spirit that can help one succeed in life, and that is the case with the city of Iqaluit, Nunavut. Although small in size and remote in location, Canada's northernmost capital city, Iqaluit, is full of history and craft. One crafter, in particular, being Dan Wade. Dan is an award-winning jewellery maker born in the northern city. Dan started his career after graduating from the Nunavut Arctic College in the jewellery and metalwork program in 2005. His deep connection to Nunavut and inspiration from the surrounding land is evident throughout his work. We sat down with Dan Wade to learn a little more about how he got into jewellery making and his connection with Nunavut through his craft.
The water flows between the hills, cradled by the land, moving left and right, over and around the rocks as if it were dancing to the gentle sound of music – Dan Wade
Caley Vanular: Living in Nunavut you have unique access to parts of the world one can only imagine. What kind of jewellery do you make and what kinds of materials do you work with?
Dan Wade: I make all kinds of things. I mostly work with silver and ivory but I am not limited to that. I have worked with all kinds of things such as gold, copper, brass, baleen, muskox horn, antler and polar bear claws.
CV: Is jewellery making a craft passed down through your family or how did you get your start?
DW: I am the only jewellery maker in my family. My grandfather was a carver and my cousin is a carver. It started when I was working at a gift store and I would see all these carvings and jewellery come in all the time and it inspired me to make my own. So, I went to the local college to see if there were classes on carving and they only had a jewellery and metal work program that involved pottery, painting and carving. I went and checked it out at the college and asked a few questions. I then decided to take the program in Iqaluit.
CV: Where do you find the inspiration to keep creating?
DW: From nature and animals. I have done things like an entire collection inspired by owls. For example, the ulukpik collection is a cross between an ulu and an ookpik. One day when I was trying to think of something different, I was thinking of owls and ulu design, which is common in Nunavut. An ulu is a women's knife and it is half moon shape. It almost has an oval shape and one day when I was looking at it I thought of two eyes and riveted part to the blade almost looked like a beak. So idea inspired me to make the two designs into one. I have made pendants, earrings and rings around this ulukpik inspiration.
CV: Where do you source your supplies?
DW: Hunters, outfitters and family and friends of them. People on Facebook. The communities are so isolated many people keep in touch on Facebook.
CV: Some of your designs are intricate and some are fairly simple. How long do you often spend on one piece of jewellery?
DW: It depends on the piece it could be a couple of hours or a few days. Generally, something like a polar bear paw pendant would be at least 2-3 days of work.
CV: Where do you work from? Do you have your own studio?
DW: I share a studio with two other artists and have been there for six years.
CV: What are the advantages of running your own business in Nunavut?
DW: A lot of my market is here in Nunavut. My customers are mainly Inuit women but not limited to. I love it here. You can look out the window and see beautiful hills and an insane landscape. I love when it is salt and pepper up the hills and it is a very short commute from my home to my work.
CV: Do you feel supported by your community to continue perusing your craft?
DW: Yes. There have been many times that an elder finds out I am doing jewellery full time and they approached me to say they are happy for me. They say they want me to keep doing it. I definitely feel supported by my community.
CV: Where can someone buy a piece of Dan Wade Jewellery?
DW: I sell it at the studio, The Aayuraa Studio. People come in all the time. There are regular visitors at least a few times a week coming to pick up jewellery. I also sell on Facebook, my website and my Etsy. Along with online I also visit many festivals and galleries. I have been to the Great Northern Arts Festival five years in a row. I was at the Northern Lights Trade Show for the past three years. I have also travelled to Montreal, Ottawa and I have showcased my jewellery in Vancouver.
CV: You make the locally famous Northern Lights ring, correct? Can you tell us a little bit more about that specific ring?
DW: The Northern Lights ring is another thing in nature that inspired my work. I was watching the northern lights go across the sky and thinking about how it looked like a river in the sky. I thought about how it went from one horizon to the next and how it looked like a strip of silver. So I made my vision of the Aurora into a ring which has become quite popular.
CV: Who are some other local Nunavut artists you look up to?
DW: Mathew Nugingaq of course. Mathew has been doing jewellery since 99 and opened his studio eight years ago. I have been in his studio (The Aayuraa Studio) for six of those eight years. He is such a creative artist and will look at something totally different from what I see. The drive he has for his work is inspiring and I have learnt so much from him. I could write a novel on how much I have learnt from him. He has been a great inspiration for my work.
CV: Do you have anything you are working on now you can tell us about?
DW: There is always something I am trying to work on and I am constantly working on new jewellery. I have a few new castings right now, like the men's ring I am working on. It's a casting with a sakku design featuring a harpoon head but I didn't want it to look too traditional. So I stylized it and created a repeat pattern all the way around the band. I like that the piece is not just a northern theme, it could be anything.
CV: As an award winning jeweller in Nunavut and an established name in Northern Canada, what can we expect to see from you in the future? What are your dreams for Dan Wade Jewellery?
DW: I would love to expand and be able to hire someone. I want to find someone reliable that can do the work and wants to do the work. I would like to eventually have my jewellery all over Canada… selling 1000's of pieces instead of the smaller numbers we currently sell.
Learn more about Dan Wade on his website DanWade.Ca
PHOENIX (February 20, 2017) — SuperShuttle, the nation's largest airport shared ride service, announced today it will end operations at Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport as of February 28, 2017.
“The landscape for airport transportation is changing rapidly and those changes have made the airport contract in Atlanta undesirable for our company,” said David Bird, president of SuperShuttle International. . “A lack of exclusivity coupled with a tightly restricted service area and onerous fees made it impossible to do business and still provide high quality customer service. Although the airport discussed possible changes to our contract, the extent of the changes were not going to make a substantial difference.” We are looking forward to continuing SuperShuttle service in more than 38 airports across the country and internationally that have adapted to the changing landscape.
ExecuCar, the black car service, a sister company of SuperShuttle will continue operations as normal in the Atlanta area.
A promising woman footballer who tricked young girls into sexual acts by dressing as a teenage boy has been jailed for nine years.
Chantelle Johnson, who was on the books of Middlesbrough FC Ladies, created the online persona of 13-year-old Drew and convinced the youngsters, who were aged 12 and 13, that he was besotted with them.
Johnson, 19, would eventually turn the online chat to sexual matters and arranged to meet the girls, where she wore boyish clothes, no make-up and pulled a hoody tightly around her head to reveal only her face, a court heard.
Late last year, she kissed and intimately touched one of her three victims, a girl aged 13, while dressed in her guise of Drew, Teesside Crown Court was told. Prosecutor Paul Cleasby said:
"The girl believed she was in a relationship with a male called Drew who told her he was 13 years old. The contact had started via Instagram with the defendant messaging the girl giving her compliments on how she looked. "Due to this flattery the girl began communicating with the character Drew on a daily basis and within a few days Drew tells her that he wants to be in a relationship with her. "Having lured the child into the early stages of a relationship the defendant began turning the conversation to matters of a sexual nature. "The defendant, under the guise of Drew, told the child he wanted to penetrate her vagina digitally and asked whether the child would want this. The child said she was too young."
However, after persistent grooming, the girl agreed to meet "Drew" and on each occasion Johnson wore a hood to disguise her long hair.
The Czech government is to set up a specialist “anti-fake news” unit as officials attempt to tackle falsehoods, predominantly about migrants, which they claim are spread by websites supported by the government of Russian president Vladimir Putin.
The new unit will aim to counteract interference in the Czech Republic's forthcoming general election, to be held in October, amid polling evidence that online disinformation is influencing public opinion and threatening to destabilise the country's democratic system, established after the fall of communism in 1989.
Although definite links are hard to prove, officials say they are convinced the Kremlin is behind about 40 Czech-language websites presenting radical views, conspiracy theories and inaccurate reports. The officials believe the objective is to transform the Czech Republic's current status as a western-aligned country.
“The key goal of Russian propaganda in the Czech Republic is to sow doubts into the minds of the people that democracy is the best system to organise a country, to build negative images of the European Union and Nato, and [to] discourage people from participation in the democratic processes,” Tomáš Prouza, the Czech government's state secretary for European affairs, told the Guardian.
Fake news: an insidious trend that's fast becoming a global problem Read more
Part of the interior ministry, the new Centre Against Terrorism and Hybrid Threats will begin operating on 1 January with 20 full-time specialists. They will be based in the building that was used as an interrogation centre by the former communist regime's secret police during the cold war, when the former Czechoslovakia was a close ally of the Soviet Union.
The specialists will scrutinise disinformation and attempt to counter it, via a dedicated Twitter account and a new section of the interior ministry website devoted to communicating the government viewpoint. The centre will also train civil servants to avoid blackmail and resist foreign lobbying.
“Ensuring free and fair elections is a basic aim,” said a senior official in the unit, speaking on condition of anonymity.
“We will coordinate preparation to minimise the dangers to our elections. We will watch closely what happens in France [which votes for a new president in the spring] and Germany [where a general election is expected in September] and see what we can learn in the Czech Republic.”
The Czech fears echo those voiced by Germany's domestic intelligence chief that Russia-linked “fake news” sites could interfere with its election. Claims have also been made of Russian cyber activity aimed at influencing last month's US presidential election in favour of Donald Trump.
“They will undoubtedly try to influence the upcoming elections by discouraging people who would most probably vote for the democratic parties from voting,” said Prouza.
In autumn's election, voters will be deciding the membership of the Czech Republic's chamber of deputies and the make-up of its next government. The country is currently governed by a three-party coalition consisting of prime minister Bohuslav Sobotka's Social Democrats, Christian Democrats and ANO, a populist party led by a wealthy businessman, Andrej Babis. ANO is widely considered the favourite to emerge as the biggest party, with Babis, a Euro-sceptic, tipped to become prime minister.
The new “anti-fake news” centre has drawn accusations that it will result in censorship, spying and a crackdown on free speech – a charge rebutted by its supervisors.
“The disinformation campaigns are trying to radicalise society and undermine its psyche. And to a certain degree it's working. You can see it,” said the anonymous official. “The parties and forces being supported in these campaigns aren't constructive or democratic. They are critical of the democratic system and the elite. Often they don't say what they mean, but for the first time democracy itself is being blamed.”
Online agitation in the Czech Republic has been particularly influential during the refugee crisis, coinciding with a spate of anti-Islam rallies typically attended by protesters carrying placards denouncing the EU, Nato and Angela Merkel, Germany's chancellor. It has fuelled public fears of terrorism and of an influx of people from the Middle East, even though the Czech Republic has only a tiny Muslim population and has been largely unaffected by the refugee crisis.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Miloš Zeman, president of the Czech Republic. Photograph: Petr David Josek/AP
When a crowd wielding red cards booed the president, Milos Zeman for being too close to Moscow at a Prague ceremony in November 2014, marking the 25th anniversary of Czechoslovakia's anti-communist Velvet Revolution, the website AE News claimed – citing flimsy evidence – that Zeman had been the victim of a Ukraine-style “Maidan” revolt hatched by the US embassy.
Efforts to uncover the origins of sites such as AE News have failed. “It is so well secured that Czech journalists have not been able to find out who is behind it,” said Jakub Janda, deputy director of the Prague-based European Values thinktank, which runs a programme called Kremlin Watch.
But intelligence officials and seasoned politicians have little doubt. They blame elements among the Czech Republic's estimated 45,000-strong Russian community and Russia's sprawling Prague embassy – a legacy of the cold war.
Miloš Zeman: the hardline Czech leader fanning hostility to refugees Read more
Moscow provides the “most active foreign intelligence services” on Czech soil, according to the Czech Republic's domestic security agency, BIS, whose most recent annual report describes Russian espionage activities as geared towards “fabricating disinformation” and promoting the motto that “everybody is lying”.
The agency has complained about the number of Russian diplomats in the Czech Republic – estimated at between 130 and 150, double the number of Americans present – and says many are operating as undercover spies.
Ivan Gabal, an independent MP and deputy chairman of the parliamentary defence committee, advocates expelling Russian citizens convicted of peddling fake news and ejecting Moscow's diplomats suspected of spying.
“This country strived for 20 years after communism to create an open, democratic society that's part of the west, and now we have achieved a recognised place in the free world, we're not going to give it up for some KGB guy,” he said, referring to Putin's past career in the Soviet intelligence services.
“He is looking to break Europe up into elementary member states that compete with each other for Russian resources and influence. The risk is great. They feel we still belong to their sphere of influence. We are a bigger threat to them than Britain, because we've only been democratic for 25 years and we're proof that it's possible to transition from totalitarianism to an open society.”
Puerto Rico's Medicaid funding crisis is deepening, adding yet another issue for Congress to deal with in what is sure to be a hectic December.
Hurricane Maria caused serious damage to Puerto Rico's health-care system, and none of the federal disaster relief money to date has been earmarked for the Medicaid program.
A $44 billion supplemental payment request from the White House on Friday said the administration was “aware” that Puerto Rico needed Medicaid assistance, but it put the onus on Congress to act.
Efforts to provide the money through legislation have failed so far. Advocates and lawmakers are now eying the upcoming year-end spending bill as a solution, given that the bill may become a “Christmas tree” loaded up with policy provisions.
But there's no guarantee that the Medicaid money will make it in, as lawmakers are grappling with several hot-button issues heading into December, including immigration, Trump's proposed border wall, ObamaCare payments to insurers, and an extension of the Children's Health Insurance Program.
Advocates are worried Puerto Rico could get left behind in the legislative frenzy to come.
“This could be the mother of all appropriations bill,” said Edwin Park, vice president for health policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities (CBPP).
“And if the Senate is focused on taxes when they get back from Thanksgiving ... are they going to be able to get to all of these? Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands could fall through the cracks,” Park said.
Some lawmakers blasted the Trump administration's disaster request on Friday, saying $44 billion is not nearly enough.
In a joint statement, House Energy and Commerce Committee ranking members Frank Pallone Jr. Frank Joseph PalloneOvernight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Trump bans abortion providers from family planning program | White House doesn't back GOP governor on drug imports | HHS declines to provide witnesses for family separations hearing Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules | Chamber launching ad blitz against Trump drug plan | Google offers help to dispose of opioids Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules after 18,000 lose coverage in Arkansas MORE (D-N.J) and Senate Finance Committee ranking member Ron Wyden Ronald (Ron) Lee WydenSenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules | Chamber launching ad blitz against Trump drug plan | Google offers help to dispose of opioids Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules after 18,000 lose coverage in Arkansas MORE (D-Ore.) called on the administration to “immediately provide additional funding and extend a one-hundred percent funding match for Medicaid in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands just as we did in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.”
The territory has grappled with funding shortfalls. Before the storm, the island had enough Medicaid money to last until April 2018.
Now, experts predict that unless Congress acts, federal funding will be exhausted in a matter of months. If that happens, Puerto Rico — already cash-strapped — will be responsible for covering all its Medicaid costs going forward.
The Puerto Rican government has asked Congress and the Trump administration for help staving off the crisis. In late October, Gov. Ricardo Rosello requested $1.6 billion a year over the next five years.
“The total devastation brought on by these natural disasters has vastly exacerbated the situation and effectively brought the island's healthcare system to the brink of collapse,” Rosello wrote in a letter to congressional leaders.
Lara Merling, a research assistant at the Center for Economic and Policy Research, said the governor is asking for only a fraction of what's really needed.
“It's the bare minimum to keep the system afloat,” Merling said. The program cost almost $2.5 billion in 2016, so the reimbursement would only cover about 60 percent of the cost.
The House earlier this month passed legislation reauthorizing CHIP that would also give Puerto Rico $1 billion a year for the next two years, specifically aimed at shoring up the island's Medicaid program.
Rosello said he supported using CHIP because he didn't want lawmakers to be distracted with other issues.
Addressing the shortfall as part of CHIP “would also remove this matter from consideration in the year-end appropriations package where Congress will need to focus its energies on addressing Puerto Rico's recovery and long-term reconstruction needs,” Rosello said in the letter.
Despite the progress in the House on CHIP, the Senate has not moved forward with its version of the legislation.
Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Fla.) has expressed general support in recent months for helping to mitigate Puerto Rico's Medicaid woes, but has not endorsed any specific proposals.
The Senate Finance Committee passed a CHIP bill without Puerto Rico funding, and ever since, the upper chamber has been focused on ObamaCare repeal and tax reform.
Congressional aides and outside lobbyists acknowledge that CHIP will likely only pass as part of the spending bill.
A senior Senate Democratic aide said Democrats would be pushing to include Rosello's full request in the bill. But Democrats are also demanding a series of concessions for Republicans to get their votes, presenting the opportunity for gridlock.
If Puerto Rico doesn't get the $8 billion Rosello has asked for, CBPP's Park said it's not clear when or how the funding gap could be addressed.
There will likely be future disaster supplemental funding bills, but conservatives are likely to demand that the costs of those bills be offset, he said.
“So then offsets get problematic, it gets bogged down over time ... does that make it harder to include Medicaid money in the future?” Park said.
If Puerto Rico's federal Medicaid funding runs out, up to 900,000 people would likely be cut from Medicaid — more than half of total enrollment, according to federal estimates.
