The USCGC Alex Haley (WMEC-39) is a United States Coast Guard Cutter and former U.S. Navy vessel that was recommissioned for Coast Guard duty on 10 July 1999. It was first commissioned as the USS Edenton (ATS-1), an Edenton-class salvage and rescue ship on 23 January 1971. In 1995, Edenton won the Marjorie Sterrett Battleship Fund Award for the Atlantic Fleet.
The conversion from a salvage ship to a Coast Guard cutter involved the removal of the stern towing machine, forward crane, and A-frame, and the installation of a flight-deck, retractable hangar, and air-search radar. Additionally, her four aging Paxman diesel engines were replaced with four 16 cylinder Caterpillars diesels.
The cutter was named after author and journalist Alex Haley, the first chief journalist of the Coast Guard, the first African-American to reach the rank of chief petty officer, and the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of Roots: The Saga of an American Family. Haley served in the Coast Guard for 20 years.
Her current home port is Kodiak, Alaska at the Coast Guard Base Kodiak from where she carries out her Fishery Law Enforcement and Search and Rescue primary missions.
In fiction [ edit ]
In the 2007 novel Robert Ludlum's The Arctic Event by James H. Cobb, the Alex Haley is the ship that takes the heroes out to the island where a Tu-4 laden with anthrax crashed during the Cold War. [1]
In the 2016 novel Goliath by Shawn Corridan & Gary Waid, the Alex Haley and USCGC Dauntless are the two Coast Guard cutters that respond to the fire aboard and subsequent stranding of a Russian ULCC.[2]
Photos [ edit ]
USS Edenton before becoming Alex Haley
Alex Haley docked in Dutch Harbor, Alaska, on 7 July 2009
References [ edit ]
Notes
Sources
Official website
Photo gallery of USS Edenton (ATS-1 at NavSource Naval History
Jun 29 2017 Civilizations in Crisis: Chinese Speculative Fiction Darren Huang
In the Chinese literary world, speculative fiction has long been a necessary means of critique and protest against an overbearing regime. Science fiction authors create new (often dystopian) universes as one of the few ways to criticize the government and contend with the legacy of the cultural revolution. In China, the state presides over most of the publishing houses, so when writers want to explore forbidden ideas about progress, humanity, and the balance between individuality and the greater good, it's often safer to package them in the guise of speculative fiction. Still, the authors' critiques of contemporary Chinese society are not hard to discern, as these books ask pointed questions: Is giving up spiritual life and individual will in the name of “progress” worth the benefits to society? Is the distortion of truth and the revision of history justifiable if it promotes peace and unity? And is the quest for progress just a delusion? In the overtly political works, the reigning governments have sedated most of the population into allegiance through the manipulation of truth, a perversion of values, and the creation of a cultish, unassailable ruling class. The protagonists are often independent-minded subversives who seem like the only lucid individuals in a world where people's minds have become hopelessly clouded. Here, the guarding of individual will, when threatened by so many invisible and insidious undermining forces, becomes a heroic act. The following list serves as an introduction to five audacious works in this genre. These soulful books show that sometimes the clearest picture of a civilization comes from its wildest imaginings.
Cat Country by Lao She Cats Country by Lao She Penguin Books China $12.95 List Price For more info visit:
Amazon • IndieBound • Barnes & Noble
Cat Country by Lao She Penguin Books China $12.95 List Price For more info visit:
Amazon • IndieBound • Barnes & Noble
This acerbic, dystopian satire represents a departure from the lauded writer's comic tales and realist portraits of twentieth-century Chinese life. In Cat Country, a space traveler crashes on Mars, where he encounters the Cat People civilization. Like in Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's Travels, the outsider visits the planet's cultural institutions and meets prominent members of Cat Country while gloomily reporting on the civilization as it breathes its last gasp. He finds that the Cat People are almost indiscriminately lascivious, indolent, and hypocritical. They lack basic integrity and devote their lives to accumulating money and chasing pleasure—either sex or reverie leaves, an opium-like substance that both satiates hunger and induces a happy delirium. The Cat People neglect their spiritual and intellectual life in favor of keeping up appearances and pursuing material comforts. The educational system is a farce—students receive their college diploma after a single day of school—designed to allow the country to boast a 100 percent graduation rate. Civilization has decayed to a point of no return; annihilation is the Cat People's only salvation.
Although the book relies on traditional devices of satire, the precision and depth of its social insight make it still seem fresh. The novel mocked the political corruption, absent morality, and rapid Westernization of 1930s China, and the same uncompromising vision can be applied to the country today—or really to any capitalist state. The novel makes a painfully relevant point when it argues that integrity is the essential characteristic of an effective political regime. Serialized in 1932 and published in 1933, the novel's uncanny prophetic power was confirmed by the events of the Cultural Revolution, during which “subversive” individuals, including Lao She himself, were purged for their opposition to Party agenda. In Cat Country, thirty years before the fact, Lao She foretold his own death.
The Fat Years by Chan Koonchung The Fat Years by Koonchung Chan Anchor $16.00 List Price For more info visit:
Amazon • IndieBound • Barnes & Noble
The Fat Years by Koonchung Chan Anchor $16.00 List Price For more info visit:
Amazon • IndieBound • Barnes & Noble
Chan's 2009 novel was banned in the mainland for its explicit criticism of the administration. In this intricate Orwellian alternate reality, the Chinese Communist regime has expunged an entire month of social unrest and Party violence from all historical records. The narrator, a novelist, has discovered that the vanished month preceded the 2011 implementation of the Party's economic reform program, a late response to the 2008 global economic crisis. In essence, the Party has rewritten history to exonerate itself from any wrongdoing during this turbulent period. Inexplicably, the majority of the population appears to be suffering collective amnesia, and live in a sustained state of cheer and optimism.
The novel pieces together an elaborate and well-engineered puzzle of a government conspiracy. The frightening rationale given by a Party figure for his administration's historical revision is based on a sort of irrefutable logic: The Party, he insists, has “chosen the best option in the real world.”
The Three-Body Problem by Liu Cixin The Three-Body Problem (Remembrance of Earth's Past) by Cixin Liu translation by Ken Liu Tor Books $25.99 List Price For more info visit:
Amazon • IndieBound • Barnes & Noble
The Three-Body Problem (Remembrance of Earth's Past) by Cixin Liu translation by Ken Liu Tor Books $25.99 List Price For more info visit:
Amazon • IndieBound • Barnes & Noble
The first volume in the “Remembrance of Earth's Past” trilogy, The Three-Body Problem has been called one of the most accomplished works of Chinese science fiction ever written. It is a meticulously mapped introduction to a conflict between man and alien that began after first contact during the Cultural Revolution. A highly advanced civilization on the cusp of extinction plots a conquest of Earth. It has surpassed human science to such an extent that many of Earth's greatest scientists consider their enslavement inevitable. In response to the imminent visit, opposing camps begin to form: those who welcome the aliens as redeemers and those who want to defend humanity. In the first volume, a science researcher has been reluctantly ushered into investigating a colleague's suicide and discovers that an enigmatic scientific organization devoted to inquiries into the fundamental nature of matter is, in fact, a religious cult welcoming the arrival of the alien civilization.
The novel is cogent, scientifically rigorous, and ambitious in scale. Liu elevates the work from a conventional thriller and adds metaphysical heft by creating a compelling ideological conflict between the opposing human factions. A subtle work of environmentalism, the book also asks us to consider the ethics of our rapid consumption of earth's resources. In the novel, technological progress is often analogous to a cancer—it exhausts the earth of its nourishment and condemns it to an early death.
Zero and Other Fictions by Huang Fan Zero and Other Fictions by Huang Fan translation by John Balcom Columbia University Press $28.00 List Price For more info visit:
Amazon • IndieBound • Barnes & Noble
Zero and Other Fictions by Huang Fan translation by John Balcom Columbia University Press $28.00 List Price For more info visit:
Amazon • IndieBound • Barnes & Noble
Huang Fan has become a pioneer in Asian letters: His forays into postmodernism, political satire, dystopian science fiction, and experimental realism have initiated literary movements in his native Taiwan. In the first collection of Huang's work to appear in English, editor and translator John Balcom has assembled a diverse and representative body of work. The debut story, the precocious “Lai Suo,” written in stream-of-consciousness, is about a political pawn abandoned by his former idol. In “The Intelligent Man,” an absurdist parable of immigration and ambition, a Taiwanese businessman struggles to conceive an heir despite multiple wives.
The science fiction novella, “Zero,” is the most accomplished story in the collection. A descendant of Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four, the work follows the life of Xi De, an office worker in an enigmatic communistic dystopia, where citizens work in assigned, highly-specialized jobs and are vaporized when they're made obsolete by technological advancement. They are indoctrinated with the idea that individual life is trivial and that one only exists to serve the common good. In a nightmarish repurposing of Darwinian natural selection, the civilization progressively destroys undesirable segments of the “inferior” population.
Huang's fictions are often slow courses of disenchantment. Cruel realities serve to punish and correct idealism and innocence. Though these are certainly not uplifting stories, they possess trenchant insight into the dislocation and disappointment of immigrant life, and the anomie and soullessness of an increasingly mechanized world.
Vertical Motion by Can Xue Vertical Motion by Can Xue translation by Karen Gernant and Chen Zeping Open Letter $13.95 List Price For more info visit:
Amazon • IndieBound • Barnes & Noble
Vertical Motion by Can Xue translation by Karen Gernant and Chen Zeping Open Letter $13.95 List Price For more info visit:
Amazon • IndieBound • Barnes & Noble
“If China has one possibility of a Nobel laureate,” Susan Sontag has said, “it is Can Xue.” Can have been a fixture of the Chinese literary world since the 1990s. Despite her family's long history of persecution during the Cultural Revolution, she denies any political meaning in her work, a stance that reflects her own disillusionment with the realist novel. She has always been maddeningly prescriptive about the way in which her work should be read and understood. “Reading my fiction requires a certain creativity,” Can write on the intellectual demands of her work. “This particular way of reading has to be more than just gazing at the accepted meanings of the text on a literal level, because you are reading messages sent out by the soul, and your reading is awakening your soul into communication with the author's. Contact between souls is possible; that is my conviction.”
Of the books listed here, Can Xue's collection of stories is the most experimental. An heir to Kafka, Schulz, and Borges—and perhaps even more cryptic than her predecessors—Can have written that in her fiction, she wants to unleash the subconscious. The dream-like plots of her stories make this aim clear: A desert worm dreams of the open air and inches upward from deeper layers of the earth. A cat records the distress of his night-walking owner. A narrator joins a strange girl on a trip to a hospital, where babies (both living and dead) lie underneath a rose garden. These difficult, highly abstract fictions rebel against conventional readings. Can don't use psychology to explain her characters' inner lives and they rarely “grow” or change. Instead, they are simply ciphers for her philosophical inquiries. These challenging works demand inventive reading and rereading but the rewards—a deep engagement with elemental emotions of love and hope, stripped of the usual intervening trappings of realist fiction—are worthwhile.
Darren Huang is a writer of fiction and criticism based in Manhattan. His recent work has appeared in Kenyon Review and Pleiades.
VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - President Barack Obama promised Pope Benedict on Friday that he would do everything possible to reduce the number of abortions in the United States, the Vatican said.
U.S. President Barack Obama (L) greets Pope Benedict XVI at the Vatican July 10, 2009. Obama arrived at the Vatican on Friday for his first meeting with Pope Benedict and what the White House says will be frank discussions on issues they agree and disagree on. REUTERS/Jason Reed
Obama and Benedict held private talks for about 40 minutes in the pope's frescoed study in the Vatican's apostolic palace and the Vatican said bioethics and life issues were a central part of the discussion.
In a surprise move, the pontiff gave Obama a booklet explaining Vatican opposition to practices such as abortion and embryonic stem cell research, which Obama supports.
“Obama told the pope of his commitment to reduce the number of abortions and of his attention and respect for the positions of the Catholic Church,” Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi told reporters after he was briefed by the pope.
Obama supports abortion rights and says his policy is to change economic and social conditions so as to put more women in situations where they do not feel they have to have an abortion.
The pope gave Obama, who last March lifted restrictions of federal funding for human embryonic stem cell research, a copy of a recent Vatican document on bio-ethics in which the Holy See explains its opposition to such practices.
“Dignitas Personae” (dignity of a person) condemns artificial fertilization and other techniques used by many couples and also says human cloning, “designer babies” and embryonic stem-cell research are immoral.
The document defends life from conception to natural death and a Vatican statement issued after the meeting said the topics discussed included “the defense and promotion of life and the right to abide by one's conscience.”
The pope's private secretary told reporters after the meeting: “This reading can help the president better understand the Church's position on these issues.”
“We know that this (abortion) is a crucial theme for the pope. There is no need to hide it. It (giving him the booklet) was an attempt to be clear, it was not polemical,” Lombardi said.
The White House said Obama wanted to work together on a range of issues with the Vatican.
“He is eager to find common ground on these issues and to work aggressively to do that,” said Denis McDonough, deputy national security adviser, adding that there may be some issues where they cannot come to agreement.
POPE IMPRESSED BY OBAMA
Lombardi said the pope was “very impressed” by Obama and that the pontiff was “extremely satisfied” with the talks.
Obama told the pope during a picture-taking session after the private part of the audience: “We look forward to a very strong relationship between our two countries.”
The pope also gave the president a copy of his latest encyclical, “Charity in Truth,” which called for a “world political authority” to manage the global economy and for more government regulation of national economies to pull the world out of the current crisis and avoid a repeat.
Obama, who was going to the airport from the Vatican, joked to the pope when he gave him the two documents: “I'll have something to read on the plane.”
Slideshow (3 Images)
Unlike his predecessor George Bush, Obama and the pope do not see eye-to-eye on abortion rights and embryonic stem cell research.
The Vatican condemns embryonic stem cell research, which scientists say can lead to cures for diseases such as Alzheimer's, because it involves the destruction of embryos.
Before he arrived at the Vatican, Michelle Obama and their children Malia and Sasha were given a private tour of St Peter's Basilica and the Sistine Chapel. Michelle Obama joined her husband and the pope after the private talks ended.
A lesbian couple burned down their Tennessee home and then tried to cover it up as a hate crime in an effort to collect a $276,000 insurance pay out, a federal jury has concluded.
A jury in U.S. District Court on Monday ruled in favor of American National Property and Casualty Company (ANPAC), which provided evidence that Carol Ann Stutte and Laura Jean Stutte torched their home in 2010 in Vonore and covered it up by spray-painting the word “queers” on a detached garage, the Knoxville News Sentinel reported.
The Stuttes blamed neighbor Janice Millsaps in a lawsuit, accusing her of repeated threats to burn their house down. The lawsuit said that a month prior to the fire, Ms. Millsaps said to them: “Do you know what is better than one dead queer? Two dead queers.”
Ms. Millsaps was never charged in the arson.
ANPAC concluded after its own probe — which included a polygraph examination that Ms. Millsaps passed — that the Stuttes were indeed the arsonists, the Sentinel reported.
The Stuttes have not been charged in the house arson. The status of their lawsuit against Ms. Millsaps was not immediately clear, the paper said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Love 'em or hate 'em, you have to admit: Oakland Raiders fans have passion. They're hoping it will make a difference in the pursuit of Charles Woodson.
Free-agent tracker NFL free agency is underway. Follow all of the latest player rumors and signings in our free-agent tracker. NFL free agency is underway. Follow all of the latest player rumors and signings in our free-agent tracker. More...
NFL.com's Ian Rapoport reported last week that the free-agent defensive back is scheduled to meet with Oakland on Tuesday, per Woodson's agent, Carl Poston. In anticipation of that visit, Raiders faithful have started an online campaign to gather en masse at team headquarters, per Levi Damien at SB Nation.
Fans have joined forces through a barrage of tweets and a Facebook page, with this on its wall:
"Get down to the facility to show C-Wood he needs to come home on the day of his visit Tuesday. As well as show all the NFL what we all about, will be a great opportunity to show C-Wood as well as all players around the league how great being a part of the Raider Nation is!"
Former Raiders cornerback DeMarcus Van Dyke caught wind of the effort and threw in his support:
Man if the raiderfans be at the Alameda facility waiting on Charles Woodson.. I'm willing to bet he leaves there a raider. â DeMarcus Van Dyke(@D_VanDyke8) May 18, 2013
Woodson, who played for the Raiders from 1998 to 2005, initially hit free agency saying he wanted to join a contender. That sounds a lot like the Denver Broncos, who he visited last week.
But if Woodson wants to be wanted -- very badly -- that sounds more like the Raiders.
Follow Marc Sessler on Twitter @MarcSesslerNFL.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
By Andy Lines, in Somme, France.
Hidden deep in caves under the killing fields of the Somme an incredible discovery has been made.
Name after name of the British soldiers who fought – and very likely died – for their country 100 years ago and one of them is from Huddersfield.
The graffiti looks so fresh it could have been written on the cave wall yesterday – and one from E W Taylor, Dalton, Huddersfield, is scrawled there. Does anyone know anything more about E W Taylor and what happened to him?
It is an astonishing piece of World War One history. Among the hundreds of names is that of Sergeant Sam Meekosha from West Yorkshire – one of the bravest Brits to ever serve his country.
The war hero from Bradford was awarded the Victoria Cross by King George V at Buckingham Palace.
Then just 22, Meekosha used a simple pencil to write his name eight foot high up on a wall.
For nearly a century no-one had any idea it was there.
But recently the owners of this catacomb complex started to make further investigations.
Within minutes of finding this cave they looked up and uncovered the extraordinary part of history that time had forgotten.
There is no doubt most of the 2,000 brave souls who scrawled their monickers on the walls would have been killed or injured on the front line of the Somme just a few miles away. It was one of the deadliest battles of the whole war, with one million men killed or wounded. The British and Canadians suffered 57,470 casualties on the first day – July 1, 1916 – alone.
The signatures remain intact because the temperatures in the caves are a constant 10°C.
Gilles Prilaux, an archaeologist with INRAP the French Institute for Archaeological Research, says: “When I shone my torch and looked up and saw the name and then saw the initials VC right next to it I knew we had found something special.
“When we did some research we found out more about Sergeant Meekosha.
“It is incredible to think he was here in these very caves nearly 100 years ago shortly after he actually won his Victoria Cross.
“And it is incredible to think that all these inscriptions have survived so long.
Reach the cave chambers involves a climb 30 metres down a series of steep steps.
Gilles says: “We have already pulled together an extensive list of 1,800 names of soldiers but each day we find more and something new.
“By the end of October we hope to have every single name documented and on a computer database.
“We will have special teams of experts from each different country working on this.”
In the Second World War the Germans held this particular area of the Somme and also discovered the caves.
But in a spirit of respect their soldiers did not deface the British names they found.
Instead they added their own to those of Meekosha and all the other soldiers to leave a poignant memorial of both world wars.
In the London Gazette, on 22 January 1916 Meekosha's citation read: “Near the Yser Canal, France, 19 November 1915, Corporal Samuel Meekosha, 6th Bn, West Yorkshire Regiment.
“For most conspicuous bravery near Yser. Corporal Samuel Meekosha was with a platoon of about 20 non-commissioned officers and men, who were holding an isolated trench.
“During a very heavy bombardment by the enemy, six of the platoon were killed and seven wounded, while all the remainder were buried.
“When the senior non-commissioned officers had been either killed or wounded, Corporal Meekosha at once took command, sent a runner for assistance, and in spite of no less than ten more big shells falling within twenty yards of him, continued to dig out the wounded and buried men in full view of the enemy and at close range from the German trenches.
“By his promptness and magnificent courage and determination he saved at least four lives.”
Anyone who can provide any more information about E W Taylor should email andrew.hirst@examiner.co.uk or phone 01484 437761.
In the finale of a series on the precarious situation of EU nationals in the UK since the Brexit vote, we look at those who can't leave, or have decided to wait and see. Read episodes 1 and 2.
The morning of the Brexit referendum, Adam Slawek Fejfer went to work and was greeted by British colleagues with “Oh you're here? We thought you'd be leaving.” This happened not just once, he says, but several times, in different places. “I have lived in the UK 13 years,” he says. “It's the first time people called me ‘Polish' anything.” Fejfer, 33, lives in Shrewsbury, Shropshire. He came to the UK to study and is now married with two children, both born in the UK.
Like many other EU citizens, Fejfer's life has been turned upside down by the UK's vote to leave the European Union. But unlike many who have already left the country or are planning to do so, he isn't sure what to do about it. What he knows is that he doesn't want to go back to Poland: “It's part of me, but it's difficult to go back to a country so close minded when I try to be open minded. Here, I've got friends from the Philippines, Australia… In Poland, it would be difficult to have these connections.” Another reason is economic: “It's difficult for the Brits to understand, but my mother in Poland earned roughly £1,000 a month, as a nurse with 25 years of experience.”
He and his wife don't know what they will do over the next two or three years: “Asked to leave 18 months ago, I would have said no, but now I don't know.” There is the mortgage to pay, the many friends they would leave behind if they moved. “We haven't decided yet”, he adds. “I prefer to stay. The UK is my home.”
All the EU citizens I talked to for this series know many others in the same situation – friends, colleagues, acquaintances, people befriended on Brexit forums. All can cite several families who have left the UK, or are leaving. All have thought of leaving themselves.
Like most EU citizens who are still here, Fejfer has seen friends leaving for mainland Europe. “It's difficult to count all of them,” he says. He tries to encourage people to stay, he adds, because going back – and “being an immigrant again” – is just as hard as leaving. A Polish family he knows left during the summer. “It's hard for them to adapt, in jobs, find a place to stay,” he says. “The people who have been back in Poland don't feel at home there either.” And those who stay behind see their social circle thinning.
Adam Slawek Fejfer
Credit: Msikoraphotography
Lisa has no idea what to do after Brexit. She asked me not to use her real name, because she is wary of its impact on her partner's potential application for permanent residence (PR). She moved to the UK from Germany in January 2011 with her partner, Markus. “We came to stay,” she says. Then two things happened: in 2010, the five-year rule (PR applicants must have been in the UK for five years) was introduced, followed in 2015 by the Comprehensive Sickness Insurance (CSI) requirement in PR applications. This latter change was poorly communicated, with many EU citizens only hearing about the requirement to take out insurance after Brexit, and the details of who must take it out remaining opaque. In the case of Lisa and Markus, both are academics in scientific fields and switched roles in 2014: he started work and she's starting studying for her PhD, which meant that by 2015, she had CSI as a student and he didn't.
This distinction became crucial when they tried to apply for PR in 2015 and realised the law had changed. “When we arrived, that didn't exist, so we didn't have it [CSI]”, she says. Suddenly, for her partner, “the five years in the country were void”. Only Lisa received PR, and then citizenship, in 2016. “I am a dual citizen but Markus remains German. There's no chance he gets [PR] before Brexit”, she tells me. “Of course, we'll stay together. But we have no idea what the rules are going to look like [after Brexit]. We have been here eight years, we have a life here.” Markus even volunteers as special constable with Hampshire Constabulary, 10 hours a week, which is ironic, he says, because that means he “basically works for the Home Office for free”.
Even if Markus can get citizenship, Lisa says, their future in the UK is uncertain: “Research funding in the UK comes from EU and already breaking away. Money is leaving and so are jobs, so there may not be work for us.” The couple is calculating that Brexit will happen on 29 March 2019. In a no deal scenario, “Markus loses his right to work overnight, so I need a job at that point”. She could manage, as she will hand her PhD in December 2018. But the law might change again by then, and for the past year and a half, the British government has constantly refused to guarantee the right to remain for EU nationals in the UK after Brexit. So they may leave – not to Germany, where they “never intended to go back to”, but to France, Sweden, Ireland or Austria. “Where are we going to feel at home?” she wonders. “At the moment, the UK is home.”
For the European nationals still in the UK, Brexit has had a double cost. There's the possibility of discrimination, the fact that the government still hasn't guaranteed their rights, their friends and relatives slowly leaving. But every other general aspect of Brexit, like inflation, is hitting them too. Before the referendum, Lisa and Markus were planning to buy a home. They wired their savings from Germany. “And then the pound crashed”, Lisa says. “We definitely lost money in that.” Yet with uncertainty hanging over them, they made the costly decision to wire the money back. “We're not willing to invest anything in the country at the moment”, she says.
Lisa and Markus
Credit: K. Seier
Some EU nationals don't have the choice to move. Since the referendum, there have been times when Vie, a Frenchwoman who has lived in the UK for 17 years, wondered whether she should leave the UK. “But I can't leave,” she says. Vie is divorced and would need permission from her children's father to leave the country with them. “He is a refugee, so he couldn't really visit,” she tells me. And so she stays.
Because she may still apply for citizenship, Vie declined to share her family name. In the 16 months since the EU referendum, the Yorkshire resident has had to apply for citizenship for both of her French children – aged 11 and 16 – and for permanent residence for herself, which cost lots of money. “I don't necessarily want to become British,” she tells me. “My head is all over the place, I lost my job in June.” (She has since then found a new one). Financially, at the moment, she can't apply for citizenship for herself.
Leaving wouldn't be easy, either: Vie came to the UK age 19. “I am losing my French, I don't know how to get a job in France, my kids would struggle to adapt,” she says. In the UK, she has worked as a community development coordinator, but she fears that in France, her degree in health and social care “wouldn't mean anything”. She sighs: “A year ago, I would have said that I'm not leaving, but now…” Now, she's seriously considering it. “There are no good options, it's quite depressing.” Vie is one of many EU citizens who have shared their testimonies of life in the UK since the referendum in the book “In Limbo”. She is also an activist with the3million.
Vie reading the book "In Limbo"
The EU citizens stuck in the UK often are so for family reasons. Petra was 19 when she moved from Germany to the UK, and she only planned to stay for six months. She is 48 now, and she is still here, for a reason she shares with many other EU citizens in the UK: a few months after her arrival, she met a nice British man, and they married. Petra isn't her real name – like other Europeans who have no choice but to stay, she'd rather not go on the record if that could be used against her in potential future applications. “This country scares me, it really does”, she told me, adding that she would have left after the referendum if she could have. But she can't, because her husband is British: “He doesn't speak German, he won't find a job, he has a business here.” She admits it would be difficult even for her: “We're 50, we can't just pack a suitcase. I've never lived as an adult in Germany, it would be like another country.”
Because she had several careers in law and journalism, travelled in and out of Britain, and took time off to have children (who are now at GCSE age), Petra doesn't qualify for permanent residence: she never had constant CSI. The CSI requirement, she says, was applied retrospectively and the change was not announced. “So a group of people is suddenly an awful situation.”
Because her husband is British, not a European national, treaty rights don't apply to her. “If we were living in France or Germany, my husband would be protected as a spouse: one's healthcare would cover the other's,” she says, appalled that the British system doesn't allow this. “They're doing all they can to break families. I studied law [in the UK]! I don't recognise this law and country. It's absolutely frightening.”
Without permanent residence, there's no citizenship; and without her husband's capacity to move, there's no leaving, either, so Petra is stuck in legal limbo. “I couldn't apply to PR, but I thought: If it all goes wrong, I'm the mother of British citizens, surely they have the right to have their mother here?” she tells me. But as it turns out, it's more complicated.
If her children were only EU nationals, treaty rights would guarantee their mother's right to remain. The Home Office's guidance regarding children born in the UK to EU citizens specifies that “family members have a right to reside in the United Kingdom so long as the EEA national remains in UK in the exercise of treaty rights (until such time as the family members gain a right of residence in their own right)”. But Petra's children are British, so “British laws apply, and they already have one other British parent to take care of them”, Petra sums up. “I feel trapped. As a lawyer, I'm in this situation and I can't help myself! I'm vulnerable. No one is speaking out for European spouses of British citizens.”
Like Petra, Frederika Roberts wasn't planning on staying in the UK after her graduation, but she revisited her plans after meeting her husband at university. The 45 year old, an Italian and German national who grew in Luxembourg, moved to the UK because “British universities are wonderful”. Now she finds herself in the “national suicide” that is Brexit, and feels lost.
To Roberts, moving would mean leaving her daughters behind for their studies. It would also mean selling her house and “relearning to be adult somewhere else” – a feeling many EU citizens share. Her husband, a technical engineer, would struggle to find a senior position matching his current one, and he doesn't speak Italian or German. “We're applying to Italian citizenship for him, at least, so that he retains EU citizenship”, she says. Her daughters have told her they will leave the country as soon as possible once they graduate.
“I have visions of being stuck, I feel like a fish out of water, it's horrible,” Roberts says. “On one hand I want to leave, but I've got to consider my family, and I have a business partner, how would our business model work?” And then the rage comes in: “I don't want to bloody give in! Why would I have to leave? To let them win?”
Not every European national will leave as a result of Brexit. But those who will choose to stay will never forget the way the Conservative government treated them. Some wanted to believe David Cameron had a plan. Many tell me they still hope “Brexit will not happen”. None trust Theresa May's government.
“The government has shown no respect for rule of law”, Petra, the German woman married to a Brit, tells me. “People's rights are being weakened by applying laws retrospectively [like the CSI requirement for PR]. A country that behaves like that – and not just with the EU, but with Grenfell, with disabled benefits – it worries me for my children.”
Frederika Roberts
For some, Brexit has been the spark that triggered a deeper interest in politics and activism. Fejfer, the Polish man who has been here 13 years, hopes to stay, but he wants to “be treated better, to be equal”. “I live in uncertainty”, he says. “I want to focus on politics.” He says he is planning to become a UK citizen, a necessity to advance a political career, but the £1,200 application fee is “almost [his] monthly salary”. “They can reject your application and you won't have your money back”, he says. So that will have to wait – but he has already run as a local candidate in council elections and is a proud member of the Liberal Democrats. “I believe Brexit can be stopped,” he tells me. “I would like to be prime minister of the UK.”
Frederika Roberts is worried about the rights May has promised to give EU citizens: “‘Broadly similar' isn't ‘the same as'. I don't feel reassured about what my government says. Without protection like the European Court of Justice, I don't feel reassured with any of that. What if I'm not earning enough?” Vie, the Frenchwoman from Yorkshire, agrees: “The right-wing language of the home office is very worrying.” She works with people with dementia, and she feels insulted that the government would consider such work “low-skilled” in their “settled status” proposal. “It requires skills to work with people with dementia,” she says.
EU citizens are stuck between bad options – leaving or staying, abandoning everything or being possibly denied rights. “It just feels shit! I'm sorry, that's what it is,” says Roberts in a very British way. They're also stuck between identities. “I love Britain, I love living here, it is my home, it's where I've chosen to live,” Roberts says. “I didn't come here as an economic migrant: I came here to study and happened to fall in love.”
“But I also feel German and Italian, I am attached to Luxembourg… My identity is European, it's not one place or one country, and that, I feel, is being dripped away.” Vie feels the same: “All my friends are here in the UK, home is here. It breaks my heart.”
As Colorado River Dries Up, The West Feels The Pain
Enlarge this image toggle caption Peter McBride
The Colorado River touches the lives of Americans coast to coast. The river begins in the Rocky Mountains and flows into Mexico's Sea of Cortez. Along the way, it feeds over a dozen tributaries across the American Southwest.
Many in the West rely on the Colorado for drinking water, and farmers depend on it to irrigate millions of acres of farmland. And if you've ever felt the cool relief of air conditioning in Las Vegas, there's a good chance the electricity was provided by the "mighty Colorado."
But the river is drying up. As it does, those who rely on it for farming, cattle ranching, fishing and tourism fear economic disaster.
Sandra Postel, director of the Global Water Policy Project, and photographer and writer Peter McBride join host Neal Conan in a special broadcast from Aspen, Colo., to explain the importance of the Colorado River, why it's in peril and what is being done to help protect it.
Sling TV, the Web TV service that delivers a couple dozen pay TV channels including ESPN, is still growing.
Up until today, that sentence wouldn't have qualified as news. But for several hours today it looked like Sling might be in trouble, after parent company Dish Network released quarterly numbers that convinced at least one high-profile analyst that the service was struggling to add new subscribers, just a few months after launching.
“Growth for Sling TV has already hit a wall,” MoffettNathanson's Craig Moffett wrote after looking at Dish's numbers and estimating that the company had added just 24,000 new Sling TV subscribers in Q3 and that many of its earlier subscribers had already bailed on the service.
But following a conference call in which Dish executives said Sling's results were “in line with expectations” — without providing specific numbers — Moffett redid his math. His new conclusion: Sling added 155,000 new subscribers in Q3 and now has at least 394,000 people paying at least $20 a month for the service.
For comparison: Industry sources say Hulu's paid subscription service, which offers reruns of current TV shows, has around 10 million subscribers, while Netflix has at least 42 million U.S. subscribers. Both services start at $8 a month.
At its current subscription levels, Sling is on track to generate around $100 million in annual revenue for Dish and its TV programming partners, which isn't going to upend the industry. But if it can continue to grow, it will bolster industry thinking that there is an appetite for “skinny bundles” — TV packages that offer only a fraction of the networks that come with traditional TV services.
That's what Apple was hoping to launch earlier this year alongside its new Apple TV box, and that's what several other services are contemplating. The theory is that the bundles will appeal to millennials who haven't started paying for TV subscription services yet, and/or help the pay TV business hang on to subscribers who would otherwise cut the cord and stop paying for TV at all. For now, at least, the theory is still in play.
The wait is over! Rock music's newest and most popular awards show, the Journeys Alternative Press Music Awards, fueled by Monster Energy Drink, is pleased to announce this year's headliners, award categories and nominees, as well as voting information, ticketing, broadcast details, sponsor partnerships and more. The APMAs take place on July 22 at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio, hosted by hilarious heartthrobs Alex Gaskarth and Jack Barakat of Billboard-chart topping, five-time AP cover stars All-Time Low.
Fifteen awards will be presented, including the brand-new Journeys “Best Music Video” category, as well as the honorary “Vanguard” and “Icon” awards. Last year's recipients included Smashing Pumpkins founder Billy Corgan and Joan Jett.
Rock legends and four-time AP cover stars Weezer — whose 2014 album Everything Will Be Alright In The End is nominated for the prestigious “Album Of The Year” award — will serve as the evening's headlining performance. “We're incredibly excited to play for all of our fans at the APMAs this year!” said Weezer frontman Rivers Cuomo.
Additional live performances include Panic! At The Disco, Taking Back Sunday, Motionless In White, All-Time Low, a special performance from New Found Glory featuring Hayley Williams, Echosmith, Halestorm and the Madden Brothers. The world-renowned Contemporary Youth Orchestra will also be returning to the APMAs to accompany many of the evening's performances and event proceedings.
After a much publicized battle with health issues, Deryck Whibley and Sum 41 will be making their triumphant return to the stage with a much-anticipated comeback performance. Sum 41 frontman Whibley commented, “Playing live is the heart and soul for us. It's our chance to connect face to face with our fans, and I'm glad that we get to share our first experience back onstage again at the APMAs. It's also exciting to be a part of the event to support the first magazine to put our ugly mugs on the cover in America!”
Fellow pop-punk superstars Simple Plan will also be making their much anticipated return to the stage after a three-year hiatus from the American stage. Simple Plan's lead singer Pierre Bouvier captured the excitement best by saying, “We're super excited to be part of the APMAs this year. It's like the ultimate party with all the bands we care about and the scene that we're proud to be a part of. We're also stoked to finally be playing some new material in the U.S. for our fans that have been waiting for so long. It's gonna be a hell of a night!”
Last year's “Most Dedicated Fans” award recipients Black Veil Brides will return to perform a special set. Lead singer and Ohio native Andy Biersack commented “We are so excited to be a part of the 2015 APMAS! Last year, AP granted me not only the opportunity to perform with my heroes, but also to give back to the fans who have given us everything with the Most Dedicated Fan award! We are stoked to perform and would be honored to win. But most importantly, we can't wait to see everyone there!”
The 2015 APMAs CATEGORIES, NOMINEES, and PRESENTERS are:
Artist Of The Year presented by Monster Energy Drink
Against Me!
Black Veil Brides
Crown The Empire
Issues
Motionless In White
New Found Glory
Of Mice & Men
Slipknot
Taking Back Sunday
Weezer
Album Of The Year presented by Journeys
Beartooth • Disgusting
Black Veil Brides • Black Veil Brides
Circa Survive • Descensus
Every Time I Die • From Parts Unknown
frnkiero andthe cellabration • Stomachaches
Gerard Way • Hesitant Alien
Issues • Issues
La Dispute • Rooms Of The House
Linkin Park • The Hunting Party
Real Friends • Maybe This Place Is The Same And We're Just Changing
Artist Philanthropic presented by Sub City / Take Action
Andrew McMahon In The Wilderness • Dear Jack Foundation
Bayside • The Human Rights Campaign
Koji • Doctors Without Borders
Jake Luhrs of August Burns Red • HeartSupport
Simple Plan• The Simple Plan Foundation
Taking Back Sunday• American Cancer Society
Best Live Band presented by Macbeth
A Day To Remember
letlive.
Panic! At The Disco
Paramore
twenty one pilots
The Wonder Years
Breakthrough Band presented by Splat!
Beartooth
Echosmith
Modern Baseball
Neck Deep
PVRIS
This is Wild Life
Song Of The Year presented by Epitaph Records
Beartooth • “Beaten In Lips”
Motionless In White • “Reincarnate”
Real Friends • “I Don't Love You Anymore”
Set It Off • “Why Worry”
Sleeping With Sirens • “Kick Me”
PVRIS • “My House”
Best International Band
The 1975 (UK)
The Amity Affliction (Australia)
Marmozets (UK)
New Politics (Denmark)
Northlane (Australia)
Crossfaith (Japan)
Best Music Video presented by Journeys
Bring Me The Horizon • “Drown”
A Day To Remember • “End Of Me”
Fall Out Boy • “Centuries”
Modern Baseball • “Your Graduation”
PVRIS • “St. Patrick”
Set It Off • “Why Worry”
Most Dedicated Fans presented by Fearless Records
All-Time Low (Hustlers)
Crown The Empire (The Runaways)
Fall Out Boy (Overcast Kids)
Motionless In White (Creatures)
Paramore (Parafamily)
twenty one pilots (Skeleton Clique)
Best Underground Band presented by Sumerian Records
Being As An Ocean
The Hotelier
Knuckle Puck
Major League
State Champs
Tigers Jaw
Best Vocalist
Tyler Carter (Issues)
Vic Fuentes (Pierce The Veil)
Lynn Gunn (PVRIS)
Adam Lazzara (Taking Back Sunday)
Jeremy McKinnon (A Day To Remember)
Hayley Williams (Paramore)
Best Guitarist
Arun Bali (Saves The Day)
Jordan Buckley (Every Time I Die)
Tony Perry (Pierce The Veil)
Kevin Skaff (A Day To Remember)
Will Swan (Dance Gavin Dance)
Jacky Vincent (Falling In Reverse)
Best Bassist presented by Razor & Tie Records
Kyle Fasel (Real Friends)
Jeph Howard (The Used)
Ryan Jay Johnson (letlive.)
Zack Merrick (All-Time Low)
Devin “Ghost” Sola (Motionless In White)
Dallon Weekes (Panic! At The Disco)
Best Drummer presented by DW Drums
Cyrus Bolooki (New Found Glory)
Rian Dawson (All-Time Low)
Jake Garland (Memphis May Fire)
Adam Gray (Texas In July)
Matt Greiner (August Burns Red)
Luke Holland (The Word Alive)
Voting on all awards begins today via www.altpress.com/apmas, in addition to the “Best Music Video” award, which can be voted upon exclusively at any Journeys retail location via voter mobile device and store-provided QR codes or via journeys.com/bestmusicvideo. Voting ends on July 6, 2015.
A limited amount of discounted early bird tickets as well as VIP packages, Monster travel packages and pit tickets will go on sale Friday, April 3 at 10:00 am EDT. Both the VIP and Ultimate Monster packages will include exclusive merch limited APMAs merch, premium seating, early entry and more. Head to www.altpress.com/apmas for all the ticket offerings and details.
The APMAs are very pleased to announce brand-new partnerships with several of today's leading companies, including retail, technology, merchandise, music industries and more. This year's new title sponsor is none other than Journeys, the leader in the teen-specialty retail scene focused on lifestyle-driven branded footwear and accessories with 850 stores across all 50 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. The APMAs are thrilled to include Journeys as their title sponsor and official retail partner for the 2015 APMAs.
Kari Irons, Senior Vice President of Marketing at Journeys says,“Journeys is excited to join the 2015 & 2016 AP Music Awards as the title sponsor. Music has been in our DNA since we opened our first store in 1986. Through our two-year partnership, we're able to capture exclusive content and customize unique campaigns and contests — all to support our employees, our core consumers and a talented community of artists. We've worked with Alternative Press for several years as an advertiser, and are looking forward to building upon an already stellar relationship.”
In addition, this year's APMAs is once again joined by lead presenting sponsor Monster Energy Drink, who will be energizing the event by hosting meet & greet experiences for the APMAs fans with top-tier talent from the rock 'n' roll world.
The 2015 APMAs are proud to team up once again with official broadcast partner AXS TV. Last year's award show marked the highest social engagement in the channel's history. The APMAs are looking forward to another successful year.
The APMAs are made possible by many other great sponsors and partnerships including Affliction Clothing, Another Century Records, CreativeLive, Disc Makers, DW Drums, EarthQuaker Devices, Epitaph Records, Equal Vision Records, Full Sail University, Fearless Records, Hopeless Records, idobi radio, Lace Pickups, Macbeth, MerchNow, Razor & Tie Records, Rise Records, Splat! Hair Care, Sumerian Records and the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame And Museum.
Don't miss the 2015 AP Music Awards! Check back to www.altpress.com/apmas over the coming weeks for more announcements and information.
The APMAs are produced by Josh Bernstein, Mike Shea, Kevin Lyman, Dawn Marshman, Joe Scarpelli and Marc Grant.
About Alternative Press:
Now in its 30th year, Alternative Press continues to be on the forefront of discovering new artists, breaking news and reporting on the latest trends in music and youth culture. Since its early days as a pasted-up fanzine in the mid-'80s, Alternative Press is one of the largest music magazines in the world. AP provides in-depth interviews and exclusive photos, making it an essential collectors piece for a passionate fan base, as well as digitally through various mobile and tablet formats. AP has expanded its digital reach via an enhanced mobile app and Altpress.com, one of the world's fastest-growing websites. The site has become a necessary destination for up-to-the-minute breaking news, coverage from our national APtv correspondents, exclusive multimedia premieres and much more. Additionally, the brand has been successfully extended through live events, beginning with the launch of the AP Tour and the company's inaugural AP Music Award Show, which trended No. 1 worldwide on Twitter and Facebook. Independently owned and operated, AP continues to reach millions of fans, offering them insight to the hottest artists and cultural trends first.
About Journeys:
Journeys is a leader in the teen specialty retail scene, with more than 850 stores in all 50 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. Journey uses fashion savvy and merchandising science to keep in step with the fast-paced footwear and accessories market for 13- to 22-year-old guys and girls. Journey offers a wide variety of trendy, relevant brands that cater to teens who seek the hottest, new styles. The Journeys store is more than a retail environment; it's an extension of the teen lifestyle. From the plasma TVs playing exclusive content and the latest music videos, to the visual merchandising strategy and promotions, to the employees whose image and style reflect the customers' lifestyle and attitude. In addition, Journeys reaches its customers through www.journeys.com,a mobile website, catalog, national advertising, strategic cross-promotions, social media and grass-roots events like The Journeys Noise Tour. Journeys is, in every way, an attitude you can wear!
About Monster Energy Drink:
Most companies spend their money on ad agencies, TV commercials, radio spots and billboards to tell you how good their products are. At Monster Energy, we chose none of the above. Instead we support the scene, our bands, our athletes and our fans. We back athletes so they can make a career out of their passion. We promote concert tours, so our favorite bands can visit your hometown. We celebrate with our fans and riders by throwing parties and making the coolest events we can think of a reality. www.monsterenergy.com | www.facebook.com/monsterenergy
About the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum:
The Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame And Museum's mission is to engage, teach and inspire through the power of rock and roll. The institution carries out its mission by giving voice to the stories of the people, artifacts and events that shaped rock and roll — through Museum exhibits, materials in the Museum's Library and Archives, traveling exhibitions, and a wide array of innovative educational programs and activities. The 150,000 square-foot Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum, located in Cleveland's rapidly developing North Coast Harbor, is home to major artifact collections, four state-of-the-art theaters, and year-round educational and concert programming.
The Museum is open seven days a week from 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. On Wednesdays (and Saturdays through Labor Day), the Museum is open until 9 p.m. Museum admission is $22 for adults, $18 for adult residents of Greater Cleveland, $17 for seniors (65+), $13 for youth (9-12), children under 8 are free. A 6% Admission Tax that goes to support Cleveland Metropolitan Schools is added to each ticket at purchase. Museum Members are always admitted free, for information or to join the membership program call 216.515.8425. For general inquiries, please call 216.781.ROCK (7625) or visit http://www.rockhall.com. The Ohio Arts Council supports the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with state tax dollars to encourage economic growth, educational excellence and cultural enrichment for all Ohioans. The Museum is also generously funded by Cuyahoga County residents through Cuyahoga Arts and Culture.
For press inquiries and additional information, please contact Adrenaline PR and Maria Ferrero at 732-462-4262 or [email protected]
Nicaragua's plan to build an Interoceanic Canal that would rival the Panama Canal could be a major environmental disaster if it goes forward. That's the assessment of Axel Meyer and Jorge Huete-Pérez, two scientists familiar with the project, in a recent article in Nature. Disturbingly, the authors point out,
No economic or environmental feasibility studies have yet been revealed to the public. Nicaragua has not solicited its own environmental impact assessment and will rely instead on a study commissioned by the HKND [The Hong Kong-based company that has the concession to build the canal]. The company has no obligation to reveal the results to the Nicaraguan public.
In recent weeks we have seen similar opinions aired in the Washington Post, Wired, The Economist, and other media. In their article, Meyer and Huete-Pérez explain how the $50-billion project (more than four times Nicaragua's GDP), would require “The excavation of hundreds of kilometres from coast to coast, traversing Lake Nicaragua, the largest drinking-water reservoir in the region, [and] will destroy around 400,000 hectares of rainforests and wetlands.” So far, the Nicaraguan government has remained mum about the environmental impact of the project. Daniel Ortega, the country's president, only said last year that “some trees have to be removed.”
Interestingly, despite this potential massive threat to one of the most pristine environmental reservoirs in the Americas, none of the leading international environmental organizations, such as Greenpeace, Friends of the Earth or the Sierra Club, has issued a single statement about the Nicaragua Canal.
We know for a fact that this is not out of lack of interest in Central America. After all, some of these organizations were pretty vocal in their opposition to CAFTA. Why isn't the Nicaragua Canal proposal commanding the attention of these international environmental groups?
It appears - at least for now - to have escaped the violence and turf warfare that followed similar building takeovers in Caracas over the last decade, often launched under the banner of the late Chavez's self-styled revolution. Communal corridors are freshly-polished, rules and rotas are posted everywhere, and non-compliance is punished with extra "social work" decided by a cooperative and floor delegates who make up a mini-government. "Without ethics or principles, all is irrational," reads one typically didactic poster in a public area. Work was sufficiently advanced by the time the tower was abandoned for the first 28 floors to be habitable, though the squatters have had to brick up dangerous open spaces, and put in their own basic plumbing, electrical and water systems. Families pay a 200 bolivar ($A34) monthly "condominium" fee, which helps fund 24-hour security patrols.
"There is far more order and far less crime in here than out there," says 27th-floor resident Thais Ruiz, 36, exuding contentment from an armchair as her kids play and her husband fulfils the family's once-a-week corridor sweeping duty. Like many inhabitants, Ruiz abandoned her shack in the violent Petare slum of east Caracas in 2010 to build a spacious four-bedroom apartment in the tower where she lives with her husband and five children. The family paid a small fee for a space that was supposed to have been a fancy corner office with an amazing vista, and at first lived in a tent. But over the years, given the absence of elevators, they hauled bricks, furniture, water tanks - and even barbecue equipment - up 27 flights of stairs to build a home. "I never lived in an apartment before. We're so comfortable now," she says. "We had to get out of Petare and the daily gang shootouts. Once we found a dead body on our doorstep. Now look, we can leave the door wide open." Few deny the conditions can be precarious.
One young girl fell through a hole in the wall to her death a few years back, and a drunk motorcyclist rode off an edge and killed himself. Police have raided the building a couple of times searching for kidnap victims, adding to its notoriety. The building showed up as a Dantesque backdrop to an episode of US TV drama Homeland, with on-the-run terrorist-suspect character Nicholas Brody held there. Though filmed mainly in Puerto Rico, the 2013 episode includes shots of the real tower and has a scene where a gang tosses a thief off the building. But it's the unique quality of "Tower of David", whose intended name was the "Confinanzas Financial Centre" before the group went under, that has won it attention beyond Venezuela. Documentaries and analyses of it have showed up at trendy art festivals around the world: one exhibition about the tower won a prize at the 2012 Venice Architecture Biennale. The sometimes romantic view of the tower tends to overlook criminal activity associated with "invasions", which were common long before Chavez but proliferated early in his rule.
One woman dubbed "Commander Manuitt", a self-described pro-Chavez activist, helped lead a wave of invasions in Caracas in 2003. She was arrested in 2004 on charges of inciting violence, resisting authority, and illegally carrying firearms. That year, a rival "invasion" leader who frequently clashed with Commander Manuitt was shot in a hit-man style murder. Neighbours in the area surrounding the tower have complained of frequent robberies, ATM hold-ups, and drug trafficking taking place under the noses of authorities. Residents acknowledge the tower had problems with crime but insist miscreants have been kicked out over the last 18 months, and that a new leadership is keeping the house in order. "Everyone thinks we're a bunch of thieves and thugs in here. We are not 'invaders', we're occupants of an empty space," argues another resident, Luis Raul Pinto, 63.
The former government employee drives a taxi by day before clambering up to his roomy apartment every evening. When he first arrived four years ago, he slept in a hammock. "Sometimes, I'm driving customers and they look up at the tower and tut 'Look at those criminals in there'. When I drop them off, I tell them 'Hey, I live in the Tower of David, I'm not a criminal, come and have a coffee with me some time.'" Though the tower could be viewed as an indictment of his housing policy, inhabitants appear fiercely "Chavista". Posters of Chavez, under the phrase "Eternal Commander," adorn walls. Some have photos of him by their beds. The former president, who died last year of cancer, spoke affectionately of the tower's residents several times. "Chavez's legacy is the values you see right here in this tower," said Nicolas Alvarez, a 38-year-old filmmaker who first entered the tower to give photography courses. He ended up moving in after getting married and struggling to find a home.
"What Chavez did was to rescue the sense that we all have the same right to live on this planet." A hierarchy of sorts does exist, however. Though requiring more leg-power to reach, the higher floors are cooler and fresher, without the whiff of sewage at the bottom. And only the top floors have large balconies where neighbours sit around, listen to salsa music, or sizzle meat. The tower also boasts shops, a dentist, and a beauty salon. On a 27th-floor terrace bathed in the setting sun, a group of men played dominoes on a recent evening. Loading
"Who needs to go the Hilton?" quipped one. Reuters
Wow, things got crazy with my two previous posts about KDE's Git corruption troubles.
Unfortunately, what became obvious from the comments on this blog (and, I assume, elsewhere, although I didn't read comments on any other sites) was that the essential message was, almost universally, completely lost. I wrote the original post because KDE is an open-source project and we've never been about hiding issues from the community at large, so I felt it was perfectly fair to be open and honest about the troubles we had, in the hopes that it could help other projects from encountering them. Rather than take something useful away from it, most people seemed to take the Gawker approach. That's fine, and I take no offense from people shooting the messenger when it's clear they didn't actually read past the headlines, but the point was to make people — especially other open-source projects — think about their own systems and their procedures. If I helped one other project avoid data loss because they reexamined their own systems, then great.
So, I'm redirecting my previous two posts, about KDE's Git troubles, to this post, which I'm going to keep relatively short — because I want to make sure the lessons I was trying to put out there for other open-source projects are very clear.
First the facts. Then the lessons.
The Facts
Three of them:
We needed a Git mirroring system because KDE's SCM system has a lot of disk load. So we set up a mirroring system — not a backup system (yes, we are well aware of the difference). We carefully thought through many issues relating to mirroring (methodology, dealing with corruption, dealing with network outages). In a pinch, it could have served as a backup system in some situations, but that was not its design goal. Not everything went smoothly at first; for instance, the anongits often couldn't be relied on to properly be able to be notified to pull when new objects were pushed to the main server, so we had to switch to a time-based polling method. This meant lots of time spent getting the kinks worked out. This was happening at the same time as the transition to Git was happening, which means it was at the same time as we were setting up: Identity (the authentication service); gitweb , then cgit , then GitPHP for quickgit.kde.org; Redmine (now ChiliProject) for projects.kde.org; the quick-link generator at commits.kde.org that lets you get an instant link when pushing; Gitolite itself; custom hooks for Gitolite to allow for our particular access control and repo location needs; a system to poke anongits to update certain repos outside their normal schedule; the tarball generator and hosting; Smart HTTP support; Reviewboard (Git instance); plus a ton of non-user facing things like the scripts that synchronize SSH keys around, the scripts that generate the XML files from Chiliproject to use for various other purposes; and so on, and on, and on, and on. Not to mention normal requests/requirements, sysadmin bug handling, account handling, etc. This meant lots of time spent…on everything, really. There are thousands of contributors and millions of users; sometimes hundreds of emails go to the sysadmin mailing list in a day. The sysadmin team is entirely volunteer, and real life gets in the way. For the past year and a half or two years, for instance, I've mostly only had time to keep a few things humming along, due to increased time pressures in real life. That's put even more of a burden on the remaining sysadmins — and the team is always overburdened, beause in addition to normal maintenance requests, server problems, and so on, there is a list of things we want to do that is 8 km long.
Interlude
A corrupt filesystem on the server led to a corrupt master projets file, which led to the anongit mirrors removing repositories locally. Sanity checking the projects file on the anongits might have helped prevent that propagation (hence the original title of my first post, “Too Perfect A Mirror”), but we didn't do that…because the worst-comes-to-worst scenario was always wiping out the local anongit mirror and re-mirroring, which didn't take all that long.
We got lucky, because one of the anongits had failed to synchronize its master projects list and thus had clones of all 1500 repositories still on-disk. If not, we would have had to go to more painful ways of getting the data back, such as using our distribution tarballs (which we use for developers that can resume an HTTP connection but due to disadvantaged Internet connections have trouble making initial clones of repositories) which are also mirrored, but at a slower pace than the main repository syncing; or having the community at large reconstruct the various repositories. Keep in mind that half of those were personal clones or scratch repositories that had not been updated in a very long time and probably would have not caused anyone to blink if they'd been lost. So we had avenues to get the data back, but much more painful.
The Lessons
Two lessons:
Quick Takeaway - This and some other such outages are not completely a Human Error, it is a Design Failure as well. A better Design(UX) can help in avoiding such a massive outage/mistakes.
On 28th Feb 2017, Amazon's S3 Service faced nearly 4 hours outage. Amazon's web hosting services are among the most widely used out there, which means that when Amazon's servers go down, a lot of things will go down with them. Big products like Slack, Quora faced issues.
The Root Cause posted by Amazon -
At 9:37AM PST, an authorized S3 team member using an established playbook executed a command which was intended to remove a small number of servers for one of the S3 subsystems that is used by the S3 billing process. Unfortunately, one of the inputs to the command was entered incorrectly and a larger set of servers was removed than intended.
What Mashable has to say - " The cause, according to the company, who posted a very wordy explanation on its website Thursday, was "human error." Which sounds bad enough until you find out exactly what the "human error" was: a typo. "
What Gizmodo has to say - " Apparently, some poor engineer at Amazon Web Services (AWS) did an oopsie and brought the internet to its knees. Oopsies are the worst! "
What Venturebeat has to say - " The event was triggered by human error "
But, I would not say that AWS outage was completely a human error. It was a Design(UX) failure as well.
How to avoid such mistakes by a Better Design? Well, Design for Confirmation.
Confirmation is a technique used for critical actions, inputs, or commands. It provides a means for verifying that an action or input is intentional and correct before it is performed. Confirmations are primarily used to prevent a class of errors called slips, which are unintended actions. Confirmations slow task performance, and should be reserved for use with critical or irreversible operations only. When the consequences of an action are not serious, or when actions are completely and easily reversible, confirmations are not needed.
Above paragraph says all we need to think about designing right confirmation page. Just to make it more clear.
Good Practice:-
Have a detailed confirmation if action is mission critical or outcome can not be reversed simply. Have the action as a question in the header of the Confirmation Dialog/Modal. Have clear explanation about the outcome of the action in the body of the Modal. Restate the action in the confirmation button. Make the button stand out in the Modal, and should have a color(like red) which indicates the action being taken is critical. Have an Acknowledgment Modal as well, where we can have the outcome of the action performed. If the action can be reversed have a link to reverse the same. The acknowledgment will remove any uncertainty about the action the System has just performed.
Examples -
(Invision's confirmation modal requires checking boxes that indicate what will happen when a user deletes a prototype.)
(Github's confirmation modal asks the user to enter the repository name again so that user does not accidently delete the code repository)
(Example of Acknowledgement with Button to check the outcome of the Action)
Bad Practice:-
Simple confirmation dialog without many details of the action
Example :-
Thanks for taking your valuable time to read this post. If you wish to, You can also read my other posts Here at LinkedIn. I occasionally write about my own learning from work & experimentations. Also feel free share your own thoughts or learnings about the same.
Hemant Kumar Singh
References -
Introducing 3D for everyone By Megan Saunders / General Manager, 3D for Everyone Initiative, Windows Experiences Share Share Skype
Today, we unveiled our vision for bringing 3D to everyone — making it easy to capture, create and share in 3D.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Itc5ihHDAnY&t=4s
With the Windows 10 Creators Update, Microsoft introduced Paint 3D — your 3D art studio in Windows — and the online community Remix 3D, connecting creators and creations all over the world. Everyone is welcome to start creating and sharing in Paint 3D today by joining the Windows Insider Program at insider.windows.com. To learn more about 3D in Windows 10, go to Remix3D.com.
Ideas are always driven by a spark of inspiration. Our spark began when my daughter Maddie — completely out of the blue — asked for a 3D printer as part of her Christmas wish list. I was surprised and curious and so I asked, “Maddie, what would you do with a 3D printer?” She responded with a wide range of ideas — from making tiny soaps to little creatures and even a dishwasher (ours was broken at the time)! I was struck with how powerful it could be to enable not just Maddie but anyone to move their ideas from their imagination to their screen and out into the world.
Why 3D?
3D can better communicate ideas and expression, it accelerates comprehension because it's much more representative of the world in which we live.
As humans, we have long used our creativity for expression. To communicate and connect with one another, to solve problems, to tell our stories and to stimulate our minds. However, we've often been limited to a two-dimensional canvas and yet we live in a multi-dimensional world. 3D can better communicate ideas and expression, it accelerates comprehension because it's much more representative of the world in which we live. It provides a richer canvas on which we can paint, and a bridge to connect our physical and digital worlds.
That's an incredible capability that will be available for free to 400 million Windows 10 users with the Windows 10 Creators Update.
And here's how it works
Creating is easy with capture and Paint 3D
We start by making creations as easy as taking a photo. The objects from our lives hold a special significance marking our history and memories. Capture objects from your world in 3D using the camera on your phone, available soon on Windows 10 Mobile devices, and coming to iOS and Android in the future.
We are also making it easy to create in 3D from scratch. If you're one of the 100+ million people who use and love Paint every month, you already know how easy it is. The same simple ethos that has always characterized Paint runs through the all new Paint 3D experience – allowing anyone to quickly and easily create in a new dimension. Your brushes now work directly on 3D and even your favorite photos become stickers on 3D models.
Connect with great content and community
Remix 3D is a hub for connecting with content and creators including over a million 3D objects and models that you can repurpose for your own creations.
A big part of creativity is being inspired by the ideas of others. Remix 3D is a hub for connecting with content and creators including over a million 3D objects and models that you can repurpose for your own creations. Remix 3D will enable all new scenarios for creators, including the ability for Minecraft players to share their 3D creations broadly with the Remix 3D community in the future.
Take a 3D emoji for example. Want to add some personal flair? Remix it with a stylish hat or stamp your individuality with colors and stickers (and unicorn horns of course!). With the Remix 3D community also built directly into Paint 3D, it's incredibly easy to find what you want, remix it to make it your own, and share it back out for others to see.
Millions of creations and creators with SketchUp
It's important that Remix 3D be a source for inspiration, a place where you can extend your creativity. That's why we're also excited to announce we are partnering with Trimble to bring the 3D modelling program SketchUp – and their millions of creators and creations from 3D Warehouse – to be a part of Remix 3D.
Mixed-reality experiences across devices
Windows 10 allows your 3D content to seamlessly flow not only across your screens, but also out into your world. Take an object from the real world, capture it in 3D, edit it in Paint 3D, share it out to the web, bring it back into your world as a hologram or take it into a virtual world. The barriers between the physical and the digital worlds are removed.
In the apps you know and love
Over the next year, we will bring 3D to a range of Office applications including Word, Excel and PowerPoint expanding the creativity and visual impact you can bring to your documents, reports and presentations. Whether you're adding one of your own creations or something from the Remix 3D community, 3D makes your content punchier and more persuasive.
Get started now. Join the preview.
You can be among the first to experience 3D in Windows 10 – and bring your ideas to life in 3D—by joining the Windows Insider Program at insider.windows.com. To learn more about 3D in Windows 10, visit Remix3D.com.
*Available in US, UK, CA, AU, NZ
Updated June 28, 2018 9:19 am
This guy right here, the one with "I am Darren Wilson" taped onto the back of his Cardinals jersey—an homage to the Ferguson, Mo., police officer who shot an unarmed teenager named Mike Brown to death in August—was at the Cardinals game last night. He, along with many other Cardinals fans, clashed with a small group of protesters who want to see Wilson prosecuted. The guy in the Darren Wilson jersey wasn't even the worst part.
Here is a video of some of the protest from last night, via Argus Streaming News. It's rather long, so I'll point out some of the egregious cases of Cardinals fans being shitty below.
Advertisement
We start off with a bang. At about the 22-second mark, an old white Cardinals fan begins telling the protesters—all of whom appear to be black—that they need to get jobs. He looks right in the camera, proudly, and says, "That's right! If they'd be working, we wouldn't have this problem!"
At about the 1:30 mark, the crowd of Cardinals fans begin drowning out the protesters' chants with a "Let's go Cardinals!" chant. Well, they could be saying worse things...
At the 2:40 mark, they start saying much worse things. The "Let's go Cardinals!" chant has turned into a "Let's go Darren!" chant. Cool.
At 8:10 one of the Cardinals fans calls one of the protesters a "crack head" and tells him he needs to go see a dentist.
At 8:50 the "Let's go Cardinals" chant starts up again.
At 9:05 one of the Cardinals fans starts telling one of the protesters that if he ever "saw him in the street" he would "look at the ground." They argue for a bit about who would and would not whip whose ass.
At about 10:25 a small blonde lady starts yelling at the protesters: "We're the ones who gave all y'all the freedoms that you have!"
At about 12:14 an older female Cardinals fan begins telling the man holding the camera, who claims he is a former Marine, that she doesn't believe he is a veteran. The conversation does not go well for her.
At 14:54, the Cardinals fans start in on a very loud "USA! USA! USA!" chant.
At 16:07, another Cardinals fan begins yelling at the protesters, telling them that they need to get jobs.
At 16:43, a female Cardinals fan begins chanting "Africa! Africa! Africa!" at the protesters.
At 17:10, a Cardinals fans tells the protesters that they need to remove their hats and pull up their pants.
Advertisement
Go Dodgers.
Top image via
This text was first pub­lished in L'Humanité on March 13, 2015.
Jérome Skalski: Fifty years ago Louis Althusser's For Marx, and, under his direction, Reading Capital, were published. What was the context of the debate at that period?
Étienne Balibar: To put it very briefly, I would say that the question speaks to an intellectual and even academic dimension, and a political and ideological one. I belong to a generation that entered the École Normale Supérieure in 1960. That's not irrelevant from an historical point of view. In our group, which was formed little by little around Althusser, there were students, of course, but also disciples. People who were a bit older, like Pierre Macherey, and later those a bit younger who came just after, the future Maoists, like Dominique Lecourt. That is, over the span of five or six years. On the one hand, then, the year 1960 was two years before the end of the Algerian War, and the year that Jean-Paul Sartre's Critique of Dialectical Reason was published. We had been politicized by the Algerian War. We were all UNEF militants, which was the first French union to meet with the Algerian unions linked to the FLN in order to coördinate actions against the war. This context was one of intense politicization and mobilization, but also very sharp internal conflicts. The basis of our politicization was mostly that of the anti-colonial and, consequently, anti-imperialist mobilization. The social dimension existed, but it came as a kind of add-on.
On the other hand, it was a period of intense debate about Marxist philosophy, with an undeniable role played by some Marxist philosophers from the Communist Party, but also important Marxist philosophers who were either no longer in the Communist Party, like Henri Lefebvre, or belonged to non-Communist Marxist tendencies. And then there was Jean-Paul Sartre, who described himself as a fellow traveller, who just published this great work in which he tried to refound Marxism and which featured, in the introduction, the famous phrase that we often erroneously repeat: “Marxism is the untranscendable philosophical horizon of our time.” I'm not saying that all philosophical work in France revolved around Marx. That would be completely false. But we could say that the debate over Marxism truly was at once very visible, very intense, very passionate, and very interesting. It was also the period when the Communist Party had decided to organize a Marxist center of study and research with the reviews like La Pensée or La Nouvelle Critique. The Party had also decided to organize the “Semaines de la pensée marxiste.”
To give an idea of the period, I will mention 1961, the year following the publication of Sartre's book. The main event of the “Semaine de la pensée marxiste” that year was the debate pitting Sartre and our own director at the ENS, Jean Hyppolite, the famous Hegel specialist, on one side, and, on the other, Roger Garaudy, representing the official line of the PCF in philosophy, and Jean-Pierre Vigier, Resistance fighter, physicist, philosopher, and a member of the Central Committee. This jam-packed debate unfolded in the auditorium of the Mutualité. The event was enormous. Althusser was professor of philosophy and agrégé-répétiteur, charged with preparing us for the agrégation examination. Obviously, his courses were not about Marxism, but all kinds of other subjects. He had nevertheless begun to publish in La Pensée, in 1961, a first article followed by several others, which had immediately provoked a lively debate within and outside the Party. This immediately drew out interest. We went to see him, and proposed to create a study group that progressively became a small team. Admittedly, it did not last long. It did not withstand, even before 1968, very sharp internal tensions, but for several years we worked together in a systematic way on both Marxism and the French philosophy of the time, of which, to our eyes, the grand event was the birth of structuralism. We organized a public seminar that lasted for the entire year. It was immediately published. It was at that moment that Althusser's influence reached its height for a certain part of the intelligentsia of the Marxist or Marxisant Left in France.
What were the orientations of Louis Althusser's thought?
I don't know if I can summarize these things. First, although Althusser later performed a self-criticism to say that, in a sense, he had forgotten politics, I think that Althusser's project had, from his first articles, a double dimension, political and philosophical. Obviously, one of the appealing aspects, and rightly so, of Althusser's project for many young Marxists and even young philosophers more generally, was that he never wanted to sacrifice either of the two dimensions to the other. On one side, he wanted to make Marxism into a great philosophy and, on the other side, he had a very political conception of philosophy in which Marxism constituted, in the words of Marx's eleventh thesis on Feuerbach, not only a way of interpreting the world, but of transforming it. All that might seem a bit distant today, but his intervention organized itself around the articulation of these two aspects of Marxism that Stalin had defined in a famous pamphlet, which, while certainly dogmatizing things, had, I think, a strong influence on Althusser. On the one side, dialectical materialism, the philosophical dimension of Marxism, and on the other, historical materialism, which is to say, the theory of history, and consequently, the theory of politics and of social transformation.
Wasn't Spinoza also a thinker of radical democracy? Philosophically, was Althusserian Marxism also a return to Spinoza?
Althusser admired the Spinoza of the Theological-Political Treatise, but that was not the aspect that interested him the most. You are absolutely right to say that Spinoza's thought is a radically democratic thought. This is a dimension that has come to the forefront for a while now, and which has been appropriated by a broad variety of philosophers some of whom effectively come from a Marxist background. However, this was not the aspect or dimension that interested Althusser. Not because he was hostile towards it, but because he fundamentally thought that radical democracy was a transition, an intermediary stage towards the dictatorship of the proletariat. From this point of view, he was a very orthodox Marxist. The dimension that he emphasized in Spinoza concerned the theory of ideology. With Spinoza, there is the first great materialist critique of ideology. Althusser defended a paradoxical thesis. I understand that it forcefully shocked many Marxists at the time but, on the other hand, it was very attractive to certain people among us. This idea was that the concept of ideology was the fundamental aspect of Marx's theoretical revolution: not only the critique of bourgeois ideology, but the critique of ideology in general. To Althusser, this also appeared to be an important point within the debates internal to Communism at the time, in that it was dominated by the ideological complex he called humanism and economism. He thought that the Marxist tradition was weak on the question of ideology and that Marx, even if he possessed the genius to invent the concept, had had a very bad analysis of it. In Spinoza, he found the elements for a materialist theory of ideology that was neither Feuerbachian nor Hegelian, and was not attached to a philosophy of history or to the concept of an alienation of man or a human essence. All of this paired very well with what was called Althusser's scientism, such as it was expressed in the idea of the epistemological break and led to his proximity with structuralism. Althusser quickly criticized these positions in his Elements of Self-Criticism.
What remains of Althusser's philosophical intervention and the debates of the period for today?
Obviously, in my view, we need a critique of capitalism that is adequate to the demands of the present. The demands of the present: these are globalization and the inextricably integrated character of the economic problem and the ecological problem. It is the emergence of new forms of governance, as we say, that are in part both infra-statist and supra-statist or post-statist. This is a generalized reworking or reshaping. We need a new critique of political economy and politics. Marx is not superfluous for undertaking this task, he is absolutely indispensable – he will himself emerge transformed from it. Althusser, in one of the last texts he wrote, designated Marxism as a finite [finie] theory. Obviously, that was a powerful play on words at the time. Everyone talked about the end of Marxism. Althusser said it was not the end of Marxism, but he underscored the necessity for Marxism to to define or delimit its own internal limits, its own historical limits. In a certain way, you could say that he became more historicist than he had been at the beginning. We have already entered a new phase in the interpretation of Marxism which, inevitably, is also perhaps a wholly radical transformation of Marxism. It will undoubtedly emerge from this transformation completely unrecognizable. From this point of view, what took place in the mid-1960s is very interesting. Not only for the theoretical suggestions that were made at the time and which have not been fully explored; in certain respects, Althusser's self-critique had negative effects. But especially because of the fact that Althusser was not the only protagonist of this debate over the refoundation of Marxism. That was, in a certain way, the overarching common project between Marxists of different countries during these years. For myself, Althusser has a kind of biographical privilege, but there is not an absolute privilege. What he contributed cannot be measured and discussed if the perspective is not expanded or enlarged. In the 1960s, in the framework of German critical Marxism, there was a new reading of Capital (Neue Marx-Lektüre) that owed much to the Frankfurt School and was particularly focused on the phenomenon of social alienation as it was tied to the generalization of the commodity-form. This was something that Althusser did not know well or did not want to. There were the different strands of Italian workerism, the major figure being Mario Tronti, who wrote, at the exact moment as Althusser and his group, a rereading of Capital that on certain points matched up with Althusser, and on other points diverged. But we can enlarge the perspective even further with the critical Marxist currents coming from Latin America, and then the tradition of Marxist history exemplified in the Anglo-Saxon world by Eric Hobsbawm, Maurice Dobb, Christopher Hill, or Perry Anderson. If we return to 1965, we see a Marxism in full bloom, fully in contradiction with itself. On the one hand, there is the deadweight of the crisis of state communism, on the other hand revolutionary hopes: in the midst of all of this, a capacity to renew the links or connections between Marxist philosophy and living philosophy. We cannot begin again in exactly the same way, but this period certainly holds a positive notion for today.
– Translated by Patrick King and Salar Mohandesi
A back injury has forced former Cage Warriors middleweight champion Chris ‘The Killing' Fields out of his scheduled bout with Christopher Jacquelin. The middleweight pair were set for action this weekend in Birmingham at BAMMA 21.
Fields claimed that injury had taken place in wrestling training on Saturday in SBGi's Naas Road gym having only returned from Mexico on Thursday where he was helping teammate Cathal Pendred prepare for UFC 188. Given the lengths that his physio has gone to in the past to get him fighting fit, Fields claimed there was no discussion as to whether he would be cleared to compete this time around – a decision he fully accepts.
“My physio pulled me from the fight yesterday, I had a feeling he would because I've had a few issues with my back lately,” explained the Dubliner. “I felt something on Saturday when I was wrestling, I went for a pick while my posture was being held down. I felt something go and the pain was so bad I literally dropped to my knees and I had to stay there for a few minutes.
“So I went to the physio on Sunday and he assessed me. He rang me yesterday but there wasn't much of a discussion about whether I wanted to fight or not, he already had to letter typed up for BAMMA.
“This is the same physio I've been using for years so I really trust his opinion. This is the guy that came home during a family holiday just to give me an adjustment so I would be able to go to the States for TUF. I always know with Shay, if he tells me that he could have me in any decent shape I know I'm good to go, but that just isn't the case this time. There is no possible way of me doing it.”
To add to his disappointment, Fields claimed that he had enjoyed a perfect training camp while living it up in ‘Pendo's Palace' in Metepec with Pendred.
“I was pretty pissed off about the whole thing yesterday. I was talking to Dave Mullins, the guy who helps me with the mental side of things, and he told me to just focus on getting back, it's looking likely that I won't be able to compete until September.
“He said that I'll have the benefit of having three full camps by then. I was never really able to show the improvements I made before the Kone fight, there was the camp I'm just back from in Mexico and then when I'm fit again we'll have another camp before I get back in there. It's a good way of looking at it.
“I was stricter with myself than I've ever been in Mexico. I did everything perfectly while I was over there. As well as the diet, my training felt perfect – I couldn't have been better. Back in the day I used to never get injured and all I did was eat shit food up until two weeks before the fight and then I'd have to drop a massive amount of weight. It worked for me! Different strokes for different folks, I suppose,” he laughed.
It will be three weeks before Fields will be cleared for any kind of physical exertion at all. However, SBG middleweight is hopeful to be back in action by September.
“It's going to be three weeks before I can get back to wrestling and it will probably be four before I can do anything at a decent level again. At the moment I can't even bend down to pick something up, but in a week and a half I might be able to start doing a small bit of shadow boxing or something, we'll have to wait and see.
“Hopefully I'll be into a camp in July and then I should be in fighting shape by the time September comes around.”
@PetesyCarroll
by Jonathan Peter Wilkinson on February 25, 2016
You know; Iâ€™m just not an Apple Guy. I tend to just view computers, cars and the rest as exactly what they are â€“ machinery. But today Iâ€™m writing in praise of Appleâ€™s usually-execrable CEO Tim Cook. He has taken on the leviathan and told it to go blow one out its monstrous rear-end. Well done, Tim. You just made your home state of Alabama proud.
You see, Tim Cook recently had a learning experience, an epiphany if you will. He reached the point where he got it. He came down out of the elite bubble, the Davos Smug-Cloud and really understood how badly life could suck down here on Earth. Down here in Amerika. It was when the FBI leaned on him to give them a backdoor code to allow them unfettered access to Appleâ€™s iPhone products that he finally learned what it was like to spend a day being a regular human being under the power of an oppressive â€œpeople-poweredâ€ government like INGSOC.
Our FBI is attempting to hack an iPhone that belonged to one of the terrorists who shot up the San Bernardino Christmas Party this past December. Theyâ€™ve got their smart guys, the real Harvard Men; measuring every physical dimension of the iPhone with their laser micrometers and their slide-rules. It was all going well and the investigation was making progress! But the iPhone then asked for a password so the whole electronic phase of things where they piece together what phone numbers the terrorist called has kind of stalled out.
So it now becomes Tim Cookâ€™s patriotic duty as an Amerikan to fork over code that will allow Wile E Coyote Supra-Genus to instantly access any password-protected iPhone through physical means or Wi-Fi with or without the userâ€™s knowledge or permission.
At this juncture, one can imagine Tim Cook as an NFL head coach on the sideline. He has just watched his multi-million dollar franchise get jobbed out of a potential game-clinching touchdown by one of the worst officiating mistakes he has ever seen in his life. He stands there somewhat aghast and asks himself a vital epistemological question. Perhaps he phrases it like this: â€œDid I really just f*&^%$# see that?!â€
Upon convincing himself to that he really did f*&^%@# see that, his face turns a rather unhealthy purplish-orange color. His blood pressure could get a moon rocket fifty feet off the launching pad. He rummages in the back pocket of his Bike Coachesâ€™ Pants and dramatically tosses his Red Bullsh!t flag onto the field to demand a replay challenge of the offending call. Kevin Williamson at NRO gives us the broader extended rant that occurs after CBS Sports quickly pans the camera away before six-year old kids accomplish too much lip-reading.
Yes, of course weâ€™d like to have some prosecutions and convictions in the San Bernardino case, inasmuch as it is clear that the jihadists there did not act without some assistance. And, yes, there probably is some useful information to be had from that iPhone. But there is something deeply unseemly about a gigantic and gigantically powerful national-security apparatusâ€™s being stymied by ordinary consumer electronics and then putting a gun to the head of Apple executives and demanding that they do Uncle Stupidâ€™s job for him. You know what would be better than prosecuting those who helped the San Bernardino jihadists? Stopping them, i.e., for the Men in Black to do their goddamned jobs. An arranged marriage to a Pakistani woman who spent years doing . . . something . . . in Saudi Arabia? Those two murderous misfits had more red flags on them than Bernie Sandersâ€™s front yard on May Day, and the best minds in American law enforcement and intelligence did precisely squat to stop their rampage. Having failed to do its job, the federal government now seeks even more power â€” the power to compel Apple to write code rendering the security measures in its products useless â€” as a reward for its failure.
One can imagine Coach Cook at a post-game press conference after his disappointing loss. He is now trying to patiently explain to the media what he really meant by all the nasty and unrepeatable things he said during what weâ€™ll politely describe as a loss of sideline demeanor. He politely suggests that such a software code does not exist and is â€œtoo dangerous to createâ€ because it could fall into Hillary Clintonâ€™s toilet Internet-server, oops; I mean the wrong hands. This is a far better PR strategy than giving in to his baser desires, snapping off some beat reporterâ€™s geeky, little head and driving a nice pile of steaming feces down that tosserâ€™s pathetic, bloody stump of a neck. A careful observer can notice that Coach Cookâ€™s hands shake to an unsettling degree while he struggles to maintain a calm and soothing tone of voice. Now is not the time to ask Coach Cook about the playoffs.
In conclusion, Apple CEO Tim Cook has shown what Earnest Hemmingway described as the true measure of a worthy man. Unlike the fictional Coach Cook described above, he has displayed grace under pressure. He properly and exquisitely dealt with the outrage he must have felt when he was strong-armed by our desperate, incompetent excuse for a government. It has been said by many that all of us are Conservatives about the things we truly care for and cherish. Attempting to jack Appleâ€™s intellectual property, at least for the nonce, brought forth an impressive streak of small-government, libertarian conservatism from one of Amerikaâ€™s most conspicuously SJW CEOs. I congratulate Mr. Cook on his quantum of enlightenment. I hope that it causes him to reevaluate some of his decisions and lead his particular corner of America to a far better place in the foreseeable future.
Tags: apple, censorship, privacy, SJWs, tim cook
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
These words were not all invented by Shakespeare but the earliest citations for them in the OED from Shakespeare.
Academe
accessible
accommodation
addiction ( meant “tendency”)
admirable
aerial ( meant “of the air”)
airless
amazement
anchovy
arch-villain
to arouse
assassination
auspicious
bachelorship (“bachelorhood”)
to barber
barefaced
baseless
batty (meant “bat-like”)
beachy (“beach-covered”)
to bedabble
to bedazzle
bedroom (meant “room in bed”)
to belly (“to swell”)
belongings
to besmirch
to bet
to bethump
birthplace
black-faced
to blanket
bloodstained
bloodsucking
blusterer
bodikins (“little bodies”)
bold-faced
braggartism
brisky
broomstaff (“broom-handle”)
bubble
budger (“one who budges”)
bump (as a noun)
buzzer (Meant “tattle-tale”)
to cake
candleholder
to canopy
to cater (as “to bring food”)
to castigate
catlike
to champion
characterless
cheap (in pejorative sense of “vulgar”)
chimney-top
chopped (Meant “chapped”)
churchlike
circumstantial
clutch
cold-blooded
coldhearted
colourful
compact (as noun “agreement”)
to comply
to compromise (Meant “to agree”)
consanguineous (related by blood)
control (as a noun)
coppernose (“a kind of acne”)
countless
courtship
to cow (as “intimidate”)
critical
cruelhearted
to cudgel
Dalmatian
to dapple
dauntless
dawn (as a noun)
day's work
deaths-head
defeat (the noun)
to denote
depositary (as “trustee”)
dewdrop
dexterously (Shakespeare spelled it “dexteriously”)
disgraceful (Meant “unbecoming”)
to dishearten
to dislocate
distasteful (Meant “showing disgust”)
distrustful
dog-weary
doit (a Dutch coin: “a pittance”)
domineering
downstairs
East Indies
to educate
to elbow
embrace (as a noun)
employer
employment
enfranchisement
engagement
to enmesh
enrapt
to enthrone
epileptic
equivocal
eventful
excitement (Meant “incitement”)
expedience
expertness
exposure
eyeball
eyedrop (Meant as a “tear”)
eyewink
face (meaning the dial of a clock)
fair-faced
fairyland
fanged
fap (“intoxicated”)
farmhouse
far-off
fashionable
fashionmonger
fathomless (Meant “too huge to be encircled by one's arms”)
fat-witted
featureless (Meant “ugly”)
fiendlike
to fishify (“turn into fish”)
fitful
fixture (Meant “fixing” or setting “firmly in place”)
fleshment (“the excitement of first success”)
flirt-gill (a “floozy”)
flowery (“full of florid expressions”)
fly-bitten
footfall
foppish
foregone
fortune-teller
foul mouthed
Franciscan
freezing (as an adjective)
fretful
frugal
full-grown
fullhearted
futurity
gallantry (Meant “gallant people”)
garden house
generous (Meant “gentle,” “noble”)
gentlefolk
glow (as a noun)
to glutton
to gnarl
go-between
to gossip (Meant “to make oneself at home like a gossip—that is, a kindred spirit or a fast friend”)
grass plot
gravel-blind
gray-eyed
green-eyed
grief-shot (as “sorrow-stricken”)
grime (as a noun)
to grovel
gust (as a “wind-blast”)
half-blooded
to happy (“to gladden”)
heartsore
hedge-pig
hell-born
to hinge
hint (as a noun)
hobnail (as a noun)
homely (sense “ugly”)
honey-tongued
hornbook (an “alphabet tablet”)
hostile
hot-blooded
howl (as a noun)
to humor
hunchbacked
hurly (as a “commotion”)
to hurry
idle-headed
ill-tempered
ill-used
impartial
to impede
imploratory (“solicitor”)
import (the noun: “importance” or “significance”)
inaudible
inauspicious
incarnadine (verb: "to make red with blood"; used in Macbeth)
indirection
indistinguishable
inducement
informal (Meant “unformed” or “irresolute”)
to inhearse (to “load into a hearse”)
to inlay
to instate (Shakespeare, who spelled it “enstate,” meant “to endow”)
inventorially (“in detail”)
investment (Meant as “a piece of clothing”)
invitation
invulnerable
jaded (Shakespeare seems to have meant “contemptible”)
juiced (“juicy”)
keech (“solidified fat”)
kickie-wickie (a derogatory term for a wife)
kitchen-wench
lackluster
ladybird
lament
land-rat
to lapse
laughable
leaky
leapfrog
lewdster
loggerhead (Meant “blockhead”)
lonely (Meant “lone”)
long-legged
love letter
lustihood
lustrous
madcap
madwoman
majestic
malignancy (Meant “malign tendency”)
manager
marketable
marriage bed
militarist (Meant “soldier”)
mimic (as a noun)
misgiving (sense “uneasiness”)
misquote
mockable (as “deserving ridicule”)
money's worth (“money-worth” dates from the 14th century)
monumental
moonbeam
mortifying (as an adjective)
motionless
mountaineer (Meant as “mountain-dweller”)
to muddy
neglect (as a noun)
to negotiate
never-ending
newsmonger
nimble-footed
noiseless
nook-shotten (“full of corners or angles”)
to numb
obscene (Meant “revolting”)
ode
to offcap (to “doff one's cap”)
offenseful (meaning “sinful”)
offenseless (“unoffending”)
Olympian (Meant “Olympic”)
to operate
oppugnancy (“antagonism”)
outbreak
to outdare
to outfrown
to out-Herod
to outscold
to outsell (Meant “to exceed in value”)
to out-talk
to out-villain
to outweigh
overblown (Meant “blown over”)
overcredulous
overgrowth
to overpay
to overpower
to overrate
overview (Meant as “supervision”)
pageantry
to palate (Meant “to relish”)
pale-faced
to pander
passado (a kind of sword-thrust)
paternal
pebbled
pedant (Meant a schoolmaster)
pedantical
pendulous (Meant “hanging over”)
to perplex
to petition
pignut (a type of tuber)
pious
please-man (a “yes-man”)
plumpy (“plump”)
posture (Shakespeare seems to have meant “position” or “positioning”)
prayerbook
priceless
profitless
Promethean
protester (Meant “one who affirms”)
published (Meant “commonly recognized”)
to puke
puppy-dog
pushpin (Shakespeare was referring to a children's game)
on purpose
quarrelsome
in question (as in “the … in question”)
radiance
to rant
rascally
rawboned (meaning “very gaunt”)
reclusive
refractory
reinforcement (Meant “renewed force”)
reliance
remorseless
reprieve (as a noun)
resolve (as a noun)
restoration
restraint (as “reserve”)
retirement
to reverb (“to re-echo”)
revokement (“revocation”)
revolting (Meant as “rebellious”)
to reword (Meant “repeat”)
ring carrier (a “go-between”)
to rival (meaning to “compete”).
roadway
roguery
rose-cheeked
rose-lipped
rumination
ruttish (horny)
one's Salad Days
sanctimonious
to sate
satisfying (as an adjective)
savage (as “uncivilized”)
savagery
schoolboy
scrimer (“a fence”)
scrubbed (Meant “stunted”)
scuffle
seamy (“seamed”) and seamy-side (Meant “under-side of a garment”)
to secure (Meant “to obtain security”)
self-abuse (Meant “self-deception”)
shipwrecked (Shakespeare spelled it “shipwrackt”)
shooting star
shudder (as a noun)
silk stocking
silliness
to sire
skimble-skamble (“senseless”)
skim milk (in quarto; “skim'd milk” in the Folio)
slugabed (one who sleeps in)
to sneak
soft-hearted
spectacled
spilth (“something spilled”)
spleenful
sportive
to squabble
stealthy
stillborn
to subcontract (Meant “to remarry”)
successful
suffocating (as an adjective)
to sully
to supervise (Meant “to peruse”)
to swagger
tanling (someone with a tan)
tardiness
time-honored
title page
tortive (“twisted”)
to torture
traditional (Meant “tradition-bound”)
tranquil
transcendence
trippingly
unaccommodated
unappeased
to unbosom
unchanging
unclaimed
uncomfortable (sense “disquieting”)
to uncurl
to undervalue (Meant “to judge as of lesser value”)
to undress
unearthy
uneducated
to unfool
unfrequented
ungoverned
ungrown
to unhappy
unhelpful
unhidden
unlicensed
unmitigated
unmusical
to un muzzle
unpolluted
unpremeditated
unpublished (Meant “undisclosed”)
unquestionable (Meant “impatient”)
unquestioned
unreal
unrivaled
unscarred
unscratched
to unsex (verb: "to [in its context] make a woman unwomanly (that she might do deeds of men (murder)"; said by Lady Macbeth, in her husband's play)
unsolicited
unsullied
unswayed (Meant “unused” and “ungoverned”)
untutored
unvarnished
unwillingness (sense “reluctance”)
upstairs
useful
useless
valueless
varied (as an adjective)
varletry
vasty
vulnerable
watchdog
water drop
water fly
weird
well-behaved
well-bred
well-educated
well-read
to widen (Meant “to open wide”)
wittolly (“contentedly a cuckhold”)
worn out (Meant “dearly departed”)
wry-necked (“crook-necked”)
yelping (as an adjective)
zany (a clown's sidekick or a mocking mimic)
The gender gap between female and male students attending university is at a record level and "needs addressing", according to the head of the university admissions body.
Women currently outnumber men in almost two-thirds of degree subjects in the UK, and females are now 35% more likely to go to university than their male counterparts, widening the gender gap to a record level.
UCAS, which operates the application process for universities in the UK, says its figures show over 90,000 more women than men in the UK applied for a university course this year.
The number of male applicants went down for the first time since 2012, its figures show.
"I think this is an issue that needs addressing," said UCAS chief executive Mary Curnock Cook.
"If it was the other way round there would be an absolute outcry - if young women were being disadvantaged in education - and I think it needs a whole system effort to find out the reasons and look at some of the solutions that are needed."
At the Royal Veterinary College in London, 75% of students are women. It's trying to recruit more men.
"It would appear that certainly females are more focussed on their future, more interested in what they can do to make sure their future is secure, and are more interested in planning for their future than, perhaps, similarly aged boys," says veterinary professor David Church.
Student Amir Tayob has decided not to go to university. Instead he is opting for a five-year training course with a financial company.
"When you're 17-18, the thought of making your own money is quite enticing but for me that wasn't my whole aim in life," he said.
"I want to be good at something, excel at something, not just be rich."
Image: Women still face a pay gap after they graduate
But Charis Benefo hopes to take the more traditional route and study law at university.
"Being working class the opportunities are not really there," said Charis.
"There's not much money so the fact that I can work hard, get a degree, hopefully get a really good job and put my mum in a place where we don't have to suffer so much any more.
"There are loads of opportunities opening up for women. We have a female Prime Minister. There's the example of Michelle Obama.
"The world is more modern, there are more opportunities. Maybe that's why women feel they can go to university now."
But after women graduate, there is still a pay gap to close.
According to women's rights charity, the Fawcett Society, the pay gap for female graduates when they enter the workforce is £3,000, growing to 23% after 10 years in the labour market.
"They're going into lower paid professions," said chief executive Sam Smethers.
"They're not seeing the transparency in the workplace.
"They can't negotiate themselves a better pay deal if they don't know what their colleagues are earning and ... we haven't got flexibility in the workplace, so if women need to take time out for caring it's impacting on them."
Ms Smethers added: "They're taking the hit and as a result their pay doesn't recover."
It was Rose Monday in the German city of Cologne and the festivities for the 1934 Carnival were well underway. Of the many floats taking part in the traditional parade, one featured a group of men dressed up as orthodox Jews. The banner above them read "The Last Ones Are Leaving." This was, after all, Carnival under the Third Reich.
The float was one of the many expressions of anti-Semitism marking the German Carnival season during the years leading up to World War II. Another float from 1935 seems a terrible harbinger of the Holocaust to come. In Nuremberg, where the infamous anti-Semitic race laws would be introduced later that year, a papier-mâché figure of a Jew hung from a bar on a model mill as if on a gallows.
Yet until recently, it has been almost taboo to speak about Germany's Carnival and the Nazis in the same breath. Carnival, the pre-Lent festival celebrated in the predominantly Catholic west and south of Germany, displays the cheerful, humorous, raucous side of Germany. Nothing could seem further removed from the horrors perpetrated by Hitler's regime.
Yet, the Nazis "quickly realized the potential of Carnival," says journalist and historian Carl Dietmar. He and fellow historian Marcus Leifeld have shed a spotlight on this aspect of Nazi Germany in their new book "Alaaf and Heil Hitler: Carnival in the Third Reich." Trawling the carnival organizations' own archives, they have uncovered the extent to which the Nazis managed to exert control over the festival.
'Suprisingly Heterogenous'
The Nazis saw that the tradition of Carnival could be used to portray their notions of the German Volk or nation. Yet its anarchic fun and potential to mock those in power was something they sought to strictly control. Right from the beginning of the Nazi regime in 1933, there were orders not to mention Hitler during the festivities. And the many officials charged with putting on the festival -- the presidents of the committees, the so-called Büttenredner (carnival speakers) and those designing the floats -- were all careful to obey that order.
On the whole, the Nazification of the tradition was a gradual and incomplete process. The question of just how Nazified Carnival became varied from club to club and town to town. "It is surprising how heterogeneous it was," Leifeld told SPIEGEL ONLINE. Those in charge of Carnival reflected the wider society: There were convinced Nazis and people who just went along with things. There were also disputes within the clubs, though they rarely reflected any fundamental questioning of the Nazi ideology; mostly they were disagreements on how much tradition should be kept and how far things should be changed to reflect the new era.
The authors also debunk a long-cherished myth that in Cologne, carnival organizers had somehow resisted being taken over by the Nazis. The infamous Narrenrevolte ("Jesters' Revolt") of 1935, which saw the local committee refusing to be taken over by the Nazi leisure organization Kraft durch Freude, was merely a way of holding onto power and to the sizeable profits that accrued during the festival, Dietmar told SPIEGEL ONLINE. Similarly, the president of the Cologne Carnival committee had been a member of the Nazi party since 1932 -- but that didn't prevent him from returning to the helm of organizing the annual event after World War II.
Blasphemous Cocktails
A group of friends that I have known since childhood have always gone out drinking with me on Friday nights. We play role playing games and make all kinds of drinks. During a conversation at GenCon Indy 2012 at the Marriott bar, while quite drunk, came the idea of a game book that was really a recipe book of cocktails. Somewhere along the line it became a conversation about Lovecraft and horror/pulp writers and how alcohol and drugs may have affected their stories. I went home and thought about things and it all came together. Then I hooked up with several bartender friends and showed them my work. They tried the cocktails out and gave me feedback. In the end I have come up with a book of fabulous drinks that would be a great addition to any party.
The book shall include drinking rules for Dungeons and Dragons d20 and Savage Worlds. Now you will be able to have an Innsmouth Ice tea at the same time as your character drinks one and experience the life that he is living at the same time as you role-play the situation.
So now is your chance to help make this dream come true. Help me to bring this book to life and you will discover that your parties and games will take on a life of their own as people indulge in some of the most extraordinary beverages they have ever tasted.
We are asking for $2500 to cover the cost of printing, and ingredients for testing all of the drinks prior to print. We have a world class mixologist to prepare our recipes and a dozen taste testers to try them out.
If you have cocktails that you have designed and want to add to our book then please contact us and we will consider your recipe. If we add it you will get listed as the creator of said drink in the book.
Here are a few examples of what you may find within:
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Innsmouth Ice tea
.5 ounces vodka
.5 ounces gin
.5 ounces white rum
.5 ounces tequila
.5 ounces Southern Comfort® peach liqueur
splash of grenadine syrup
2 ounces Favorite Cola
2 ounces sweet and sour mix
Add all ingredients (except Cola) to a cocktail shaker half-filled with ice cubes. Shake well and strain into glass filled with ice cubes. Top with Cola, stir lightly and serve.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Miskatonic Lemonade
4 ounces Chivas Regal® Scotch
1 tsp honey
1 tsp sugar
2 ounces fresh lemon juice
Pour the Scotch into a tall glass half-filled with ice cubes. Add the honey and sugar. Add the juice from one whole lemon, saving a slice or two for garnish. Stir and serve.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Yugothian Brain Drain
1 ounces green creme de menthe
1 ounces creme de cacao
6 ounces milk
3 tsp chocolate syrup
Combine alcohol and milk in glass. Add chocolate syrup and stir until it turns a green/brown color. Optionally, you can replace the milk with vanilla ice cream but you will have to blend the drink into a smooth creamy consistency. Serve with a straw.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Stretch Goals
****$5,000 ACHIEVED ****
If we make it to $5000 we will create a set of bar coasters and send a set of four coasters to everyone who pledged at the Mythos level or greater.
****$10,000 ACHIEVED ****
If we make it to $10000 we will create a set of shot glasses that shall be inspired by HP Lovecraft and added to all pledges at the Mythos level or greater.
$20,000
If we make $20000 We shall host an event at GenCon INDY 2013 where you will be able to meet us and try out a vast variety of the cocktails listed in the book. You of course will have to get to Gen Con on your own and provide your own lodging but we shall be there and all backers will get an invite to join us. I feel that GenCon is where this idea started and it is the best place to return to and share the idea with the world.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. -- A pickup truck struck a Centro bus in Syracuse just over a week ago, lodging itself in the bus and injuring multiple people.
Videos from cameras on the bus show the truck crashing through the side of the bus and throwing a passenger forward. Centro released the surveillance footage after Syracuse.com | The Post-Standard filed Freedom of Information Law request.
Neil Brownell, the driver of the pickup, was driving off Interstate 81 north at Park Street around 2 p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 19 when the accident happened, said the Syracuse Police Department.
Brownell swerved into the left lane to avoid traffic near the end of the ramp, police said. The truck went off the road and crashed into a Centro bus that was stopped on Park Street at the Farmers Market Place traffic light. The truck was stuck in the bus several feet above the ground.
Police said several passengers were treated for minor injuries. The bus driver, Daphne Ross-Powell, 54, of Syracuse, was treated at Crouse Hospital for chest pain.
The pickup driver, Brownell, 82, of West Monroe, was not injured, police said. His wife, Jerrie Brownell, 75, of West Monroe, a passenger in his truck, was taken to St. Joseph's Hospital Health Center for chest pain.
No tickets were immediately issued after the crash.
Were you involved in this crash? Are you in this video? Syracuse.com would like to hear your story. Please reach out to Samantha House at shouse@syracuse.com or (315) 466-4160.
Centro bus passengers, others go to hospital after truck crashes into bus, gets stuck
Geographers don't need to actually understand the rules to appreciate the issues surrounding one of the world's biggest annual sporting events
On Sunday 1 February 2015, defending champions Seattle Seahawks will take on the New England Patriots in the forty-ninth American Football Super Bowl (or NFL Super Bowl XLIX, as it's officially called) in Glendale, Arizona. And, like the Olympics or the World Cup, it's an occasion which is more than a mere sporting event; there are many significant geographical issues at play.
Host cities of the past ten Super Bowls
ECONOMICS
The ‘where' element to the season-ending Super Bowl is important in numerous ways, but especially when it comes to economics. American cities bid to host the event – and to be in the spotlight which is cast upon the game – several years in advance. Along with the prestige, there is the economic boost which comes from hosting the match to fight for. The National Football League (NFL) estimates as much as $600million (£395million) in economic benefits are brought to the city which hosts the sporting spectacle.
However, Jerry Weiers, Mayor of Glendale, Arizona, home to the University of Phoenix Stadium, where this year's Super Bowl will take place, has suggested that when the cost of public safety measures, as well as other necessary expenses, are factored in, it is quite possible the city will be worse off than if it wasn't hosting the match.
‘There is no evidence of an economic impact for hosting a Super Bowl,' Kurt Rotthoff, Associate Professor of Economics and Finance, Stillman School of Business, Seton Hall University, tells Geographical. He highlights several ways in which researches have reached this conclusion, including how the NFL often awards the event to cities which have recently built new stadia, meaning that the subsequent boost is unlikely to exceed the initial investment in the stadium, and also how money spent at local hotels and other businesses tends to go to national corporations, meaning the money doesn't stay in the local area anyway.
Rotthoff also cites an observed phenomenon known as the ‘crowding out effect': ‘That is, there are people that would have been visiting that area, either local residents or out of town guests, that avoid the area because of the traffic surrounding the event,' he says. ‘Because of this, people often count the number of game attendees as an economic boost, but these people that are avoiding the area – and would have been there without the game – need to be taken out of the overall numbers; thus the number is much smaller than estimated.'
CULTURE
The Super Bowl is a key part of American life, even amongst people with no interest in American football. The NFL pursued an aggressive marketing strategy from the 1960s onwards, making the Super Bowl the centrepiece of the annual American television schedule. The 2014 final between the Seattle Seahawks and the Denver Broncos became the most watched television event in US history, with an average 111.5 million viewers, a record which is expected to be broken this weekend.
‘The Super Bowl has almost all of the highest TV ratings and audiences over the past 40 years,' Michael Oriard, former player for the Kansas City Chiefs, Distinguished Professor of American Literature and Culture at Oregon State University, and author of Brand NFL: Making and Selling America's Favorite Sport, tells Geographical. ‘The NFL is one of the few things in this country that crosses genders, races, classes, regions, even politics. And the Super Bowl is the focal point of that mass-cultural appeal.'
With its rock star half-time shows, firework displays, and multi-million dollar television advertising, the Super Bowl has grown into a culturally-significant occasion, so much more than a mere sporting event. ‘The Super Bowl was developed and marketed as a spectacle of excess, known for its commercials, its half-time show, its all-day TV preview, its orgy of festivities in the host city before the game as much as the game itself,' continues Oriard. ‘Football itself, played at the highest level, is crucial to the appeal of the NFL and the Super Bowl, but marketing is responsible for much of the Super Bowl's magnitude.'
University of Phoenix Stadium, Arizona, USA, venue for NFL Super Bowl XLIX. Image: You Touch Pix of EuToch
ENERGY
As with most major sporting events, the Super Bowl is an energy-intensive occasion. However, this year will see the inclusion of an innovative renewable energy initiative. The Salt River Project (SRP), an Arizona-based public utilities company, the third-largest in the US, will be supplying the University of Phoenix Stadium – the venue for the match – with renewable wind-generated energy ‘to offset greenhouse gas emissions associated with Super Bowl XLIX'.
‘The Super Bowl is a great opportunity to demonstrate ways that a world-class event can be environmentally responsible,' says Jack Groh, NFL Environmental Program Director. ‘Working with SRP to green the power at University of Phoenix Stadium is one of many strategies to respond to environmental concerns and create a positive legacy of Super Bowl in Arizona.'
In 2013, US-energy consumption analysts Opower also found that despite the millions of Americans glued to their televisions over the course of the Super Bowl, the communal nature of the event and the reduced usage of other household appliances, meant that energy usage across the country actually dropped during the match. It claims ‘the total decrease in US home electricity usage during the Super Bowl is greater than three times the amount of energy consumed by all the TVs watching it.'
GEOPOLITICS
All this spectacle and popular culture makes the Super Bowl arguably one of America's most ‘American' events, which, significantly, was watched last year by fifty million people outside the United States. This gives the US the chance to say something about itself, something different from the ‘hard' military actions which shape many global perceptions of the country. Sport, in general, gives America the opportunity to portray itself somewhat differently from how it may otherwise be seen by much of the world population.
‘An America is created that is neither military hegemon nor corporate leviathan – a looser place, less rigid and more free, where anyone who works hard shooting a ball or handling a puck can become famous and (yes) rich.' Those are the words of Charles P. Pierce, in his 2003 Boston Globe article The Goodwill Games, as quoted by Joseph Nye in his book Soft Power: The Means to Succeed in World Politics. And with the Super Bowl at the forefront of the American sports market, it is this event which could potentially have the most say in changing global perceptions of the US, and having a significant influence of other countries' relationships with the country.
‘I take some issue with the game being viewed as some kind of instrument of US soft-power,' Jeremy Hildreth, co-author of Brand America, tells Geographical. ‘It's the Super Bowl. It's unabashedly American.' He also highlights one traditional Super Bowl branding – the Roman numeral sequential numbering method – as a reason why host cities may struggle to gain recognition from staging the event. ‘Right now, the name of the game is “NFL Super Bowl XLIX at the University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona”,' he says. ‘No mere mortal stands a chance with that, I'm afraid. “Super Bowl 2015: Phoenix” would be better for everybody.'
Over the past 20 years, I've spent a lot of time in countries that are not democracies but would like to be. In Central Europe and the former Soviet Union, and more recently in North Africa, I've met many, many people who are trying to figure out how to translate that elusive concept “the will of the people” into the practical matters of government: taxation, public spending, defense, law and order, garbage collection. Over and over again, I've watched them construct institutions designed to translate the mystical into the practical: parliaments, presidencies, court systems. Sooner or later, they all learn that the act of voting is a necessary but insufficient component of democracy. Without legitimate representative and executive institutions — bodies that can translate the will of the people into concrete policies — democracy always fails.
From my perch overseas, I've also been watching the run-up to the government shutdown in Washington. At times, I have tried to explain it to bemused foreigners. Many of them think, mistakenly, that Americans are having an argument about the budget or the deficit. I have to put them straight: This is an attempt by one part of the U.S. political system to use the budgetary process to stop the implementation of a single law, the Affordable Care Act (“Obamacare”). If my interlocutors come from democratic countries, they then look puzzled.
If they read the commentary pouring out of Washington, they are even more confused, as am I. What surprises — and shocks — me is how many people who have written, blogged or self-righteously tweeted about the results of various polls on these events, as if they matter. Do 47 percent of Americans oppose Obamacare? Do 73.7 percent oppose Obamacare? Do 97 percent of Republicans hate Obamacare even more than they hate death and taxes? Who cares? In a functioning democracy, it doesn't matter what the majority happens to think at any given moment. What matters is what the legitimate, representative, legal institutions have already decided.
I am not an expert on the economics of health care, so I don't know whether the Affordable Care Act is ultimately going to be good or bad for the United States. I am very glad that it will help poor, uninsured Americans get access to doctors, hospitals and medicine. I'm worried that it may be too expensive and will further extend U.S. indebtedness.
1 of 171 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Tom Toles draws Republicans View Photos A collection of cartoons about the GOP. Caption A collection of cartoons about the GOP. Tom Toles Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
But I also recognize that, at this point, what I think doesn't matter. The Affordable Care Act passed both houses of Congress and was signed into law by the president. It was confirmed by the Supreme Court. The president who sponsored the health-care reform was then sent back to the White House after an election during which that reform was a major topic of debate.
Obamacare is the law, as confirmed by the executive, legislative and judicial branches of our political system. A portion of one of those branches is not now legally or morally empowered to change that law by holding other parts of the government hostage, no matter how strongly its members or their constituents feel. So how is it possible that so many Americans, including some who have been elected to Congress, no longer understand this principle, which is fundamental to our political system and vital to the functioning of democracies? I repeat: Democracy is not designed to reflect majority opinion. It is designed to filter majority opinion through legitimate institutions and to translate it, through agreed procedures, into policy.
Plenty of people outside the United States understand how strange this debate has become. A couple of days ago, an American Egyptian (@salamamoussa) tweeted that it was “Impressive how everyone in #US follows the law even in the face of extreme political vandalism by an irrational fringe. #Egypt.” I think he meant this comment ironically, but actually, he was right. In many parts of the world — Egypt, for example — members of the “irrational fringe” who tried to subvert the political system by overturning a law already confirmed by three branches of government would be called “insurgents” or “coup plotters,” and their behavior would lead to arrest, prison or worse.
But because Americans, even irrational Americans, no longer use violence to achieve their goals, and because this process is still — just barely — taking place within the boundaries of those institutions and because the protagonists still observe the language — if not always the spirit — of the law, the result is peaceful. That is indeed impressive. But it is a narrow achievement.
Americans are paying a high price for this week's events. The cost of shutting down the federal government, for a few days or even a few weeks, pales in comparison to the damage done to the credibility of the United States abroad — and the credibility of democracy itself.
Read more from Anne Applebaum's archive, follow her on Twitter or subscribe to her updates on Facebook.
The Toronto fire department says a construction worker has died after plunging 55 floors off a downtown building.
Capt. Mike Strapko says the man was on the 70th floor of a building (at 388 Yonge Street) when he fell around noon, dropping 181 metres before landing on the 15th floor rooftop of an adjacent building.
Strapko says the man was found about 24 metres away from the under-construction condo building.
Story continues below advertisement
Paramedic spokeswoman Kim McKinnon says the man was declared dead at the scene.
Ministry of Labour spokesman William Lin says an inspector and an engineer have been sent to the site.
Site operator Reliance Construction said in a statement Friday evening that the worker was an employee of an onsite contractor, and it is co-operating fully investigations into the death.
Facebook has two weeks to respond before German authorities take legal action. The site could face up to half a million dollars in fines.
This is not the first time that Facebook has been on the wrong side of the law in Germany. Last July, Caspar launched a similar case against Facebook for saving data of people who hadn't even signed up for the social network. Like they're now doing more aggressively with their facial recognition feature, Facebook collected data about non-Facebook users through the Friend Finder feature and then stored it without permission. German authorities threatened legal action then, but it took Facebook nearly six months before they finally disabled the feature. In the meantime, German lawmakers proposed a moratorium on the use of Facebook during the hiring process, and also floated a ban on Facebook parties after 1,600 people showed up at a girl's sweet sixteen after a public Facebook event went viral.
Like we said, privacy has been the theme, here. Cyrus Farivar at Deutsche Welle explains:
Germany has among some of the strictest data protection and privacy laws in the European Union, largely created in the wake of informational abuses perpetrated by the Nazis and the Stasi, the East German secret police. One of the foundational concepts of German data protection law is that no data can be collected without the express consent of the user.
One could imagine that Facebook failing to respond to German officials' allegations could balloon into a damaging conversation about 21st-century surveillance. (Google, by comparison, avoided debate and quickly complied when accused of violating German privacy laws, halting their street view service.) Provoking any comparison to the Nazis or the Stasi would undoubtedly be a PR nightmare for Facebook.
Still, the company doesn't seem to be responding too quickly. "We have repeatedly asked Facebook to shut down the facial recognition function and to delete the previously stored data," said Caspar in a statement Tuesday. Facebook's PR team then told Spiegel Online that they "firmly rejected any accusations that we are not complying with our obligations to European Union data protection laws." Crafty of them to glaze over German law, there.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
The Southern Poverty Law Center filed a federal class action lawsuit today against the Jackson Public School District in Mississippi for allowing an alternative school to shackle and handcuff students for hours at a time as punishment for school uniform violations and other minor infractions.
The SPLC filed the lawsuit after the school district refused to respond to a letter asking it to end the practice at the Capital City Alternative School. Students at the alternative school have regularly been shackled for hours at time to railings and poles for minor infractions, such as not wearing a belt or wearing mismatched shoelaces. They are left unsupervised and are denied classroom instruction.
"At the highest level of the district, Jackson Public Schools officials have failed to protect students from a prison-like environment where children are subject to regular shackling and chained to poles and railings as a consequence for minor, non-criminal violations of school rules." said Jody Owens, who leads the SPLC's Mississippi office. "Not only does this handcuffing policy violate the U.S. Constitution but it demonstrates a diseased school culture and a broken model of school discipline that focuses on criminalizing students at the expense of educating them."
The specific allegations in the complaint include:
A 15-year-old female student was handcuffed to a railing for several hours after she was accused of greeting her friend too loudly in the school hallway.
Another student was shackled to a railing for an entire school day because the student did not wear a belt. The student was even forced to eat lunch while handcuffed.
One student spent an entire school day handcuffed and shackled to a railing because he wore shoes that school officials deemed to be the wrong color.
A 2009 ACLU report documented that Jackson's Capital City Alternative School had an "especially punitive atmosphere," enforcing "its zero tolerance policy 'to the utmost degree,'" and using this policy "to deliberately push out challenging and 'undesirable' students." According to publicly available data, the Jackson Public School District suspends children at twice the rate of the national average.
This lawsuit is part of the SPLC's education reform efforts in Mississippi, which include advocacy meant to reform school discipline practices that push children out of school and have a disparate impact on students of color or students with special needs.
WASHINGTON — One by one, they queued up in the aisles of the House of Representatives, eager for their one minute to unload on President Obama's signature legislative achievement.
For many Republicans, this was one of the major reasons for coming to Washington in the first place. And they were not going to miss their chance — whether it was their 37th time voting to repeal the 2010 health care overhaul, or their first.
“Obamacare is enforced by the I.R.S., probably the most feared federal agency in the United States government,” said Representative Michele Bachmann of Minnesota, offering one of the newest and more novel reasons Americans should fear the law. The dreaded Internal Revenue Service, she said, had just been caught targeting people from all walks of life: Christians, friends of Israel, people for less debt and more jobs, to name a few.
There's absolutely no denying that Full House delivered many memorable musical moments throughout its eight season run. From Elvis tributes to Beach Boys cameos, this gang jumped at every opportunity to burst out into song and dance. Not to mention that Uncle Jesse was the lead singer of Jesse and the Rippers, so rehearsals and performances were commonplace under the Tanner roof. However, if you had to narrow it down to one music scene that stood out among the rest, it would have to be the Full House "Forever" song that Jesse sang to Becky on their wedding day. And now that the Netflix revival series, Fuller House, is making its debut, there might be some fans out there curious to know how to listen to the "Forever" Full House song for nostalgia's sake.
Plus, it's not like listening to this romantic melody ever gets old. Heck, I wouldn't be surprised if Uncle Jesse performed a rendition of the song at some point on Fuller House. (After all, classics never go out of style.) So just in case you feel like taking a walk down memory lane — or need another excuse to swoon over John Stamos' sexy vocals — here are the best ways you can go about hearing this now iconic and catchy tune.
To Own The Original, Head To iTunes
If you're like me, then you don't just want to occasionally hear this song — you want it with you, to be played at any time 24/7. But in order to do that, you need to buy the song outright on iTunes. There's a catch, though — John Stamos' version isn't available to purchase, however, the original song (sang by the Beach Boys) is for $1.29. So if you just want to hear the song, regardless of who's singing, this is your best bet.
To Own Stamos' Rendition, Head To Amazon
Apart from singing it on the show, the actor also covered lead vocals for the song in the Beach Boys 1992 album Summer in Paradise , which can be purchased on Amazon. So if it's Stamos' voice you're after, this CD is one of your best options. The only thing is that you'd have to buy the entire Beach Boys CD rather than just that one specific song. But this is the Beach Boys we're talking about, so can we really call that a downside?
To Watch Jesse's Official Music Video, Head To YouTube
Full House Forever on YouTube
Not only will you see Jesse in all his sexy glory, but the moments between him and his newborn sons, Nicky and Alex, will take your squealing game to a whole new level. Seriously, get ready for cuteness overload, my friends.
To Watch The Wedding Version, Stay On YouTube
Full House Forever on YouTube
Then again, nothing can beat watching Jesse sing these beautiful lyrics directly to Becky during their wedding ceremony. Forget everything you thought you knew about romance because this right here is the epitome of true love. Even now, after all this time, it never fails to give me chills.
To See The Reunion Edition On Fallon, Remain On YouTube
Back in 2013 — long before the idea of a revival had ever crossed our minds — Jesse and the Rippers reunited on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon to perform a mix of their greatest hits, from "Forever" to the Full House theme song. You'll laugh. You'll cry. You'll feel like you've been transported back into the '90s.
Images: ABC; Giphy (2)
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Mexico's Ambassador to the U.S. Arturo Sarukhan was on CBS's Face the Nation on Sunday, where he urged President Obama to reinstate the assault weapons ban due to the increased violence along the U.S./Mexico border. This issue is certain to come up in the meeting between the two presidents next week.
Here is the video:
Watch CBS Videos Online
Ambassador Sarukhan restated the Mexican government's claim that 90% of the weapons are coming from the U.S., “Ninety percent of all weapons we are seizing in Mexico, Bob, are coming from across the United States,” he said, citing the high number of Federal firearms licenses a few miles north of the border. “Just on the Arizona and Texas borders with Mexico alone there are approximately 7,000 FFLs, federal firearms licensees. And weapons bought by the drug syndicates, directly or proxy purchases, are coming from those gun shops.”
He also claimed that there is a direct connection between the increase in assault weapons in Mexico and the lifting of the ban in 2004, “The assault weapons ban ran out in 2004, Bob,” he said, “and since then we have seen a rise of assault weapons being seized in Mexico. There is a direct correlation between the expiration of the assault weapons ban and our seizures of assault weapons.”
Host Bob Schieffer pointed out that the NRA disputes the Mexican government's statistics, and when pressed, Sarukhan could not clearly explain where his government is getting their data. Obama has already made it clear that his administration will not be bringing back the ban. The sense is that there is no need for him or Congress to wade into this issue, when many Congressional Democrats are against the ban. In addition, Democrats do not want to give Republicans an issue to run on in the 2010 midterm election. The administration won't be reinstating the ban.
If both the U.S. and Mexican governments want to stop the illegal flow of weapons, the ban is far from the best option. Why won't each government hire more agents to work along the border to stop the flow of weapons? In a down economy, the administration could create thousands of new jobs this way. Instead of shifting agents around the border, hire more, for the express purpose of halting weapons smuggling into Mexico.
However, the Mexicans cannot solely pass the political blame on to the U.S. Mexico needs to do their part. An assault weapons ban will not reduce the violence along the border. The ban would only serve to create political problems for Obama at home.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
William Cromartie is a Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) station agent who finds meaning through the simple act of saying hello. Every day, William greets 4,000 Oakland commuters—fist-bumping, shaking hands, and hugging people from all walks of life. The UC Berkeley graduate and former entrepreneur thinks it's the best job in the world.
In Agent of Connection, a short documentary by Ivan Cash, Cromartie shares his inspiring philosophy, which is predicated on the act of transcending personal barriers and promoting agency.
“If you're in a corner, or in a box, it's not necessarily because someone put you there,” Cromartie says in the film. “It's because you've agreed to be in that box. Once you realize that you're responsible, everything starts to change. When I see people who feel like they don't belong, I feel responsible to show them that they do.”
Like thousands of other Bay Area commuters, Cash met Cromartie in his Oakland BART station. “No other station agents come out to greet commuters,” Cash told The Atlantic, “and after walking past him and being greeted by him enough times, I decided to ask him to get coffee and learn more about his story. After we met and chatted for an hour or so, I knew I had to make a film about him.”
“Working as a BART station agent isn't a job I thought would ever be someone's dream,” Cash continued. “I love hearing him talk about how rewarding it is. It's a reminder [of] how subjective life is.”
A poodle that was found locked in a suitcase and abandoned in the woods has sparked an investigation by the Richmond RCMP and B.C. SPCA cruelty investigations team.
The dog was brought to the Richmond Animal Protection Society (RAPS) animal shelter on Sunday night by a pair of RCMP officers after it was discovered in a wooded area of Richmond by a person out for a walk.
“It was a hard-shelled suitcase in the middle of the woods in a ditch. The suitcase was double locked … the person purposely locked the suitcase and it had to be broken into,” said Eyal Lichtmann, CEO of RAPS.
Lichtmann believes the dog, estimated to be six years old, had been locked in the suitcase lying in his urine and feces for about three hours,
“He was very, very lucky that he was found,” he said. “This is absolute cruelty … to do this to a beautiful little poodle, who is the friendliest dog in the world.”
The Richmond City Shelter and RAPS Cat Sanctuary, both operated by the Richmond Animal Protection Society. are no-kill shelters. All animals dropped off at the shelters are cared for until new homes become available.
A veterinarian examined the poodle, named Donut by the RAPS staff, and judged it to be in good health.
“They could have abandoned the (poodle) to us and we would have taken it, no questions asked, and found him another home,” Lichtmann said.
The dog had no identification tags or tattoos. It will stay at the RAPS shelter while authorities attempt to track down his owner.
“We are hoping that through the media that someone will recognize the dog and step forward,” said Lichtmann.
sbrown@postmedia.com
twitter.com/Browniescott
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
By Crystal Hsu / Staff reporter
The central bank and the Financial Supervisory Commission yesterday warned against bitcoin use in Taiwan, saying the virtual currency does not enjoy legal protections.
The regulators also said they may take necessary steps if financial institutions engage in bitcoin business, according to a joint statement issued yesterday.
The warning came after several monetary and financial regulators around the world have made similar moves in recent weeks to discourage bitcoin transactions, as the digital money gains in popularity and value.
“Bitcoin holders are on their own, as the currency is not issued by any monetary authority and is therefore not entitled to legal claims or guarantee of conversion,” the regulators said in the statement.
Bitcoin is not a real currency or a commonly accepted payment tool given its volatile values and its inability to be used for book-keeping or debit purposes, they said.
The official currency, the New Taiwan dollar, is guaranteed all legal protections, according to the statement.
Central bank Governor Perng Fai-nan (彭淮南) said last month he and his colleagues have kept a close watch on the development of bitcoin and compared its transactions to deals in precious metals.
The central bank and the commission have not issued warnings against investment in gold or other precious metals.
The two regulators painted bitcoin trading as highly speculative, and said holders should watch out for drastic volatility, malicious default, hacker attack, Internet theft and other risks.
Transactions in the virtual currency could also be connected to money laundering, smuggling, drug trafficking and other illegal activities, they said. However, SinoPac Financial Holding Co (永豐金控) earlier lent support to investment in bitcoins, saying it is to increase in value and popularity, in keeping with the fast-growing prevalence of e-commerce.
Transaction risks are minimal and bearable like all other investment instruments, SinoPac Financial chief economist Jack Huang (黃蔭基) said on Dec 4.
Meanwhile, a Taiwanese online shopping service operator plans to start accepting the virtual currency on its shopping site tomorrow and welcomes Beijing's ban on Chinese financial institutions handling bitcoin transactions, because it could create new business opportunities.
Chinese people who possess bitcoins are expected to be more willing to use the digital money for online shopping because it's harder for them to take advantage of appreciations in the currency's value since the People's Bank of China imposed the ban on Dec. 7, according to sources at Wayi International Digital Entertainment Co (華義國際).
However, given the volatility of bitcoin's value, the company will limit its holdings of the new type of payment instrument to control risks.
Additional reporting by CNA
One of the largest (S)uperhero themed paintings in the city isn't at New York Comic Con. This Massive (8'x3′) Marvel / DC Mashup is hanging in a fine art gallery in Manhattan's Lower East Side (Castle Fitzjohns Gallery • 98 Orchard St., NYC 10002). It's titled (S)uperhero and it's painting number seven of ten in my, (Colin C. Jorgensen aka Cojo “Art Juggernaut”) #10Subjects series.
It was just delivered yesterday as part of my month long 10-giant-piece solo exhibit, and it will continue to grow with the final two subjects are added in the weeks to come (Show runs Sept. 25th – Oct. 23rd).
Artist Photo Of (S)uperhero From My Studio In Queens
The 8 foot by 3 foot acrylic on canvas is a mashup of Marvel & DC heroes and villains. It joins the other seven completed subjects, and couldn't have arrived at a better time, it's New York Super Week (Oct 3rd – 12th). Comic book related events and panels have popped up all over the city.
New York Comic Con 2014 – Photo By Chrysoula Artemis
New York Comic Con – Artist Alley 2007 Photos Courtesy Of The Artist
Back in 2007 I was actually invited by New York Comic Con to have a free booth in Artist Alley to unveil the (S)uperhero drawings from my 2005-2006 Sketch Experiment Sketch365 which would eventually be translated into canvas as one of the 10(S)ubjects. SEVEN YEARS LATER the canvas is finally complete and hanging in a Manhattan gallery.
Remaining individual sketches are available for sale at Castle Fitzjohns.
Click HERE to download the gallery sell sheet.pdf
Initial Pencil Layout for (S)uperhero.
Finished Painting (S)uperhero Hanging at Castle Fitzjohns Gallery.
10(S)ubjects
A Solo Exhibition by Colin C. Jorgensen (Cojo)
Castle Fitzjohns Gallery
98 Orchard Street NY, NY 10002
Show Runs: Thursday September 25 – October 23, 2014
www.10subjects.com
www.castlefitzjohns.com
Contact
info@10subjects.com
YAAAS! Your winner of the MTV EMA Best Korea Act is finally here!This year, the groups on the running for Best Korea Act are! Most of the nominees here are rising stars and are fast gaining international recognition ­­– we couldn't be prouder. As much as we want all of them to be winners, there can only be one. The winners are determined by YOU fans, and the wait is finally over.This is GFriend's very first win after being nominated for Best Korea Act for two consecutive years. GFriend have managed to gather quite a large fanbase, even though they haven't had a solo concert, yet! That hasn't stopped them from scooping up the wins at music shows and being a regular at festivals.Here's the music video for their biggest hit, 'Rough.' Watch!Congrats once again, GFriend! It's time to celebrate!Don't miss the MTV EMA Live from London on· Singtel TV CH. 350· StarHub CH. 533· Astro CH 713· HyppTV CH 602· Transvision CH 550· First Media CH 220· Big TV CH 257
Three things defined the post-Cold War world. The first was U.S. power. The second was the rise of China as the center of global industrial growth based on low wages. The third was the re-emergence of Europe as a massive, integrated economic power. Meanwhile, Russia, the main remnant of the Soviet Union, reeled while Japan shifted to a dramatically different economic mode.
The post-Cold War world had two phases. The first lasted from Dec. 31, 1991, until Sept. 11, 2001. The second lasted from 9/11 until now.
The initial phase of the post-Cold War world was built on two assumptions. The first assumption was that the United States was the dominant political and military power but that such power was less significant than before, since economics was the new focus. The second phase still revolved around the three Great Powers — the United States, China and Europe — but involved a major shift in the worldview of the United States, which then assumed that pre-eminence included the power to reshape the Islamic world through military action while China and Europe single-mindedly focused on economic matters.
The Three Pillars of the International System
In this new era, Europe is reeling economically and is divided politically. The idea of Europe codified in Maastricht no longer defines Europe. Like the Japanese economic miracle before it, the Chinese economic miracle is drawing to a close and Beijing is beginning to examine its military options. The United States is withdrawing from Afghanistan and reconsidering the relationship between global pre-eminence and global omnipotence. Nothing is as it was in 1991.
Europe primarily defined itself as an economic power, with sovereignty largely retained by its members but shaped by the rule of the European Union. Europe tried to have it all: economic integration and individual states. But now this untenable idea has reached its end and Europe is fragmenting. One region, including Germany, Austria, the Netherlands and Luxembourg, has low unemployment. The other region on the periphery has high or extraordinarily high unemployment.
Germany wants to retain the European Union to protect German trade interests and because Berlin properly fears the political consequences of a fragmented Europe. But as the creditor of last resort, Germany also wants to control the economic behavior of the EU nation-states. Berlin does not want to let off the European states by simply bailing them out. If it bails them out, it must control their budgets. But the member states do not want to cede sovereignty to a German-dominated EU apparatus in exchange for a bailout.
In the indebted peripheral region, Cyprus has been treated with particular economic savagery as part of the bailout process. Certainly, the Cypriots acted irresponsibly. But that label applies to all of the EU members, including Germany, who created an economic plant so vast that it could not begin to consume what it produces — making the country utterly dependent on the willingness of others to buy German goods. There are thus many kinds of irresponsibility. How the European Union treats irresponsibility depends upon the power of the nation in question. Cyprus, small and marginal, has been crushed while larger nations receive more favorable treatment despite their own irresponsibility.
It has been said by many Europeans that Cyprus should never have been admitted to the European Union. That might be true, but it was admitted — during the time of European hubris when it was felt that mere EU membership would redeem any nation. Now, Europe can no longer afford pride, and it is every nation for itself. Cyprus set the precedent that the weak will be crushed. It serves as a lesson to other weakening nations, a lesson that over time will transform the European idea of integration and sovereignty. The price of integration for the weak is high, and all of Europe is weak in some way.
In such an environment, sovereignty becomes sanctuary. It is interesting to watch Hungary ignore the European Union as Budapest reconstructs its political system to be more sovereign — and more authoritarian — in the wider storm raging around it. Authoritarian nationalism is an old European cure-all, one that is re-emerging, since no one wants to be the next Cyprus.
I have already said much about China, having argued for several years that China's economy couldn't possibly continue to expand at the same rate. Leaving aside all the specific arguments, extraordinarily rapid growth in an export-oriented economy requires economic health among its customers. It is nice to imagine expanded domestic demand, but in a country as impoverished as China, increasing demand requires revolutionizing life in the interior. China has tried this many times. It has never worked, and in any case China certainly couldn't make it work in the time needed. Instead, Beijing is maintaining growth by slashing profit margins on exports. What growth exists is neither what it used to be nor anywhere near as profitable. That sort of growth in Japan undermined financial viability as money was lent to companies to continue exporting and employing people — money that would never be repaid.
It is interesting to recall the extravagant claims about the future of Japan in the 1980s. Awestruck by growth rates, Westerners did not see the hollowing out of the financial system as growth rates were sustained by cutting prices and profits. Japan's miracle seemed to be eternal. It wasn't, and neither is China's. And China has a problem that Japan didn't: a billion impoverished people. Japan exists, but behaves differently than it did before; the same is happening to China.
No Slip Wooden Coat Hangers, Maple Wood (24 Pack) is rated 4.5 out of 5 by 46 .
Rated 4 out of 5 by HomeDepotCustomer from 4-Star Review Rating provided by a verified purchaser
Rated 5 out of 5 by Chris from 5-Star Review Rating provided by a verified purchaser
Rated 5 out of 5 by Cc from Very nice. Will buy again... Very nice. Will buy again
Rated 5 out of 5 by Maria from Really nice ... Really nice
Rated 1 out of 5 by Diane from poor The description and the photo of the product does not match the product received. The place where pants would be folded over on the hanger is plastic and I expected wood. I am dissappointed and have yet to find the time to return it.
Rated 1 out of 5 by Jack1024 from Not worth the money Cheap quality. Many have poor quality wood and many to rough to put any clothes on without snagging them.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Gertie from Excellent quality for the price. I had these delivered and... Excellent quality for the price. I had these delivered and they all arrived intact. They lay flat against each other and have a nice plastic type coating on the bar that makes it non slip. I purchased another brand for about the same price elsewhere, but they did not have the coating on the bar, only notches on the wood. I would purchase these again and would definitely recommend them.
The stopped No. 3 train where Gelman was caught this morning (darrellgolliher)
Police have caught and arrested the 23-year-old man who is suspected of killing at least four people in a mad rampage yesterday. Police caught Maksim Gelman at the Times Square station early this morning, but not before he stabbed one more man on the 3 train near the 96th St. and Broadway station.
Police believe Gelman's murderous stabbing spree began early yesterday morning when he stabbed his stepfather, 54-year-old Aleksandr Kuznetsov, in Sheepshead Bay; later in the day, he fatally stabbed his ex-girlfriend, Yelena Bluchenko, 20, and her mother, Anna, 56. After killing the two women, he allegedly attacked a passing motorist, stabbing 60-year-old Art DiCrescento in order to steal his car. While driving DiCrescento's Pontiac Bonneville, Gelman struck a 62-year-old man who later died in the hospital.
According to 1010Wins, police say that this morning's victim was slashed in the throat with a folding knife around 9 a.m. The 40-year-old victim was transported to a hospital where he is in critical condition. NYPD spokesmen Paul Browne says that Gelman boarded a northbound No. 3 train “from the tracks.” Police also say they received multiple tips from people who recognized the suspect on the subway between 34th and 42nd streets.
A reader tells us, "The train (Express) stopped at 42nd street, but only platformed the 1st car, where the incident took place. Everyone else is stranded in the last 9 cars. Saw EMS cart some person up the stairs bleeding heavily & SWAT was on the scene. Looks like a stabbing to me." According to the Post, Gelman was heard by witnesses on the 2 train banging on the motorman's door, yelling: "My girlfriend ruined my life."
http://patprice.com
Welcome back to the mixed zone. Today we have a treat. Many people reading this have participated in a Beer Mile. Some have not. If you haven't (or even if you have), I highly suggest reading Josh's tips below. I ran my first Beer Mile this fall in 7:32 (at the ripe age of 34). During my second go 'round this spring, I lowered my time to 6:52. I employed some, but not all of these tips. So maybe it's helpful now, maybe just bookmark this for later (when you're old enough, or have a Beer Mile coming up). And make sure you follow Josh on Twitter @_JoshHarris
10 “most” important tips for running a Beer Mile (from the World Record holder)
Hi everybody, my name is Josh Harris and I recently broke the world record for the Beer Mile in Melbourne, Australia with a time of 5:04.9! I'm going to give an insight into my current running history and then count down my 10 most important tips for running a Beer Mile.
I am from the small island at the bottom of Australia called Tasmania. It is a small state, but has an abundance of Beer Mile talent. I grew up as a steeplechaser and gradually shifted to 1500m and 3000m as a 17 year old. Since then I have become Tasmanian 5000m champion 5 years in succession. I prefer the longer events up to half marathon, however, ran a 1500m PB less than two months prior to my Beer Mile World Record. I am currently training for my first ever marathon, which I plan to run in October and hope to break 2 hours 20 (minutes). I am running around 160km (~100 miles) per week at the moment. I am an ok runner, but my performance in the Beer Mile easily outshines my running. My personal best times are as follows:
800m: 1:54.8 | 1500m: 3:51.2 | 5000m: 14:28.2 | 10,000m: 30:11 | Half Marathon: 1:07:11
Here are my top 10 tips for a successful Beer Mile experience!
10: Everyone should try it once
The Beer Mile is a very challenging event, which I believe every runner should attempt. People underestimate the event until they have actually completed one. I don't think I've met anyone who said they would never do it again after their debut.
9: Have fun
Make sure you have a group of friends to run against. This will make it more fun for everybody. The debrief period after a Beer Mile often leads to some moments to remember. My friends and I have even used the Beer Mile as a drinking game before a night out.
8: Make sure you have a designated driver
Never drink (and) drive after a Beer Mile. Ensure you have a plan in regards to how you will travel from the event, and where you are going to continue your night's festivities prior to arriving at the track. If you are underage, the chocolate milk mile is just as challenging.
7: Open a warm down beer as soon as you cross the line
Ensure you open a beer when you cross the finish line to continue on with the celebrations. You might want to avoid drinking what you did in the race, as it may not be overly nice on the palate after chugging 4 of them. I love to sip on the ‘warm down' beer with the other competitors and talk about how the race went.
6: Choose a good beer
You don't want to be on beer two thinking ‘why am I drinking this rubbish'. Drink something that you know goes down easily. My personal suggestion is a beer called Coopers 62, which fits the 5%, 355ml requirements of BeerMile.com. I drank a beer that I didn't like once and I ran over 7 minutes.
5: Leave a little bit in reserve over the first 3 laps
It is important to come into the transition area feeling good so you can drink your next beer without taking a breath. In order to do this it pays to run relaxed in the first 3 laps. This will decrease your chance of vomiting, increase your drinking speed and also save your legs for the final 400m, which I covered in 58 seconds in my recent world record.
4: Make sure your beer is optimum temperature
It is almost impossible to drink a beer in 5 seconds out of an icy cold bottle. It is almost impossible not to vomit when drinking warm frothy beers. Make sure your beer fits somewhere in the middle of this spectrum. I like to take my beer out of the fridge about an hour before the start of the race.
3: Practice drinking in the lead up to the race
This tip will probably be the best chance to take large amounts off your time. Being able to drink a lot does not mean you will be able to run a fast Beer Mile. Practicing drinking fast with short recovery is a good idea. I recommend 3 or 4 beers as fast as possible with less than 30 seconds rest. This session got one of my friends an 8:01, after running 12:09 on debut just a month earlier.
2: Allow some air to get into the bottle
Don't put your whole mouth around the bottle if you want to drink fast. It is important to let some airflow into the bottle by sitting the beer on your bottom lip, and pouring it down your throat. I like to pour it down at an angle of close to 45 degrees. Once I learned the technique to drink a beer fast I improved my maximum speed out of a bottle from 10 seconds to around 5 seconds.
1: Prepare to be surprised
Don't underestimate the Beer Mile. I have many friends who can drink like a fish, many of these happen to be good runners too. This does not mean they are good Beer Milers. The main test in the Beer Mile is how quickly one can drink the second, third and fourth beers while out of breath, while holding large amounts of volume on board. When I learnt to drink the last three drinks in the same speed as the first beer I improved my Beer Mile time by 1 minute. Don't go into your first Beer Mile thinking it will be easy, because many have found out the hard way that it is not!
Watch the video of Josh's World Record run here:
SPARTA -- The off-duty state trooper who shot at three teens in a car as they fled his neighborhood after banging on his door early Sunday morning followed the teens' vehicle, police speaking in their radios said at the time.
Also heard in Sparta police scanner recordings reviewed by NJ Advance Media: An officer says one of the teens identified himself by name during the incident.
Talk about the incident begins shortly before 2 a.m., with a voice that seems to be that of a dispatcher saying a homeowner has called about someone knocking on front and back doors. The homeowner's husband is an off-duty trooper and "he just followed the individuals," the voice says.
"As of right now, they believe it's one male," the same voice says shortly after. "The homeowner confronted him at the door. He identified himself as Matt Mayer."
The three teens involved were 18-year-old Jesse Barkhorn, 18-year-old John Baker and 19-year-old Matthew Mayer, Barkhorn has told NJ Advance Media.
The state Attorney General's office has said, based on an initial investigation, three teens knocked on the front and back doors of a Whispering Woods Lane home, mistakenly believing it was a friend's. The trooper has said he believed they were intruders, according to the AG's office.
The teens fled, but as they tried to leave the Whispering Woods cul-de-sac in their car, the trooper went out into the street, according to the AG's office. He tried to stop the vehicle, and when he couldn't, fired three rounds -- one of which hit a tire, eventually disabled the vehicle about a mile and a half away. No one was hurt.
Authorities have not identified anyone involved, but the home where the altercation occurred is owned by Kissinger Barreau, a 2009 graduate of the New Jersey State Police Academy.
The dispatcher continues on the audio recording:
"Her husband asked what he was doing there, he wouldn't answer and then ran,
and then the husband calls the complaint, saying he almsot got hit by the accused's vehicle. The husband is now pursuing the vehicle this individual in a white Ford Explorer."
MORE: Teen: As off-duty trooper shot at us, 'we were afraid for our lives'
While not all the audio is clear, very shortly after another officer says the husband -- Barreau -- has turned around and is headed back home.
Police on the recording indicate Barreau told officers "they almost ran him over" during the incident outside his home. Ex-prosecutors have told NJ Advance Media that detail could be key -- that the only justification they can imagine for the shooting would be if Barreau believed his life was in danger.
Later in the evening, officers indicate via radio communications they've been contacted by the "accused" -- the teens -- and their vehicle is disabled. The officer on the line with the teens is told to have them stay put.
No charges have yet been filed against anyone involved.
The attorney general's office has said the three teens were taken into custody that evening, but later released. It has not said whether the off-duty trooper was also taken into custody. Barkhorn has said he was in custody until the late morning, and treated as a criminal suspect -- told he was being arrested for attempted burglary, and handcuffed throughout most of that time.
NJ Advance Media is continuing to review further dispatch recordings from the morning of the incident.
The state Attorney General's Office has not yet returned a call placed Thursday seeking comment. Local and state police have referred all questions to the AG's office.
Note: The recording above has been edited for length -- beeps mark time periods of silence or no significant statements. This recording represents an approximate 9-minute span, beginning at about 1:49 a.m. (Recording originally by Broadcastify.com, distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license)
Louis C. Hochman may be reached at lhochman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @LouisCHochman. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
The story of why-- in a crowded cafe no less, my laptop within view of complete strangers-- I spent an afternoon placing sparkly flower gifs on the virtual tombstones of my favorite dead musicians on a website called Find a Grave is, actually, a story about Judee Sill.
Sill was a California-born folk singer who released just two studio albums, though I didn't know a single thing about her life when I came across both LPs a few weeks ago at a record store. All I knew was that Daniel Rossen had recorded a sighingly gorgeous cover of her song "Waterfall" on a tribute album a couple of years ago; I had always just assumed that the person who wrote that melody and those lyrics had to be some kind of angel fallen accidentally to earth. I combed the front and back covers hoping to learn more about her, and what I saw was a woman who looked like what Millie from "Freaks and Geeks" would have looked like if she were an adult hippie: long, slightly beaky face, middle-parted hair hanging in twin braids, and a not-unfashionable yet earnest-seeming crucifix dangling by the breast pocket of her denim jacket. The pictures feel candid, unposed. She is not looking at you in any of them, and-- on 1973's Heart Food's cover, in particular-- she seems somewhere else, lost in her head's vivid rapture. That was the one I decided to buy.
Heart Food is a beautiful record-- the sort of clean, classical, Fibonacci-arcing and mathematically-provable version of beautiful that makes you feel inferior and grubby and inescapably human in its presence. (Sill gets lumped in with an interchangeable cast of plaintive-voiced folkies from the 60s and 70s, but a few critics have noted that her baroque arrangements conjure no one so much as Bach.) But there's something approachable about it too. It feels like spiritual music for not particularly spiritual people: You don't need to meet it halfway with any sort of faith or dogma or knowledge, you don't need to believe in anything but the strangely stirring power of the sound itself. There's a song called "The Kiss" that has a melody so crystalline and palliative that, if you could drink it, it would probably both cure leprosy and make you accidentally fall in love with the next person you see. And "The Donor" is an eight-minute finale of such blazing power that you sort of just sit there after it's over, unsure about what you've just experienced, full of questions about the kind of person who could successfully shut out the shitiness of the world and make music music that is so thoroughly, faithfully, unapologetically beautiful. So, to Wiki you go.
Have you ever loaded a Wikipedia page wanting to believe that the obscure folk singer or nuclear physicist or game show host you're looking up is still alive and has lived a happy, fulfilling, painless life-- and then the basic facts of their biography land on your gut like an anvil? Here is the first thing I saw on Judee Sill's page: "Died: November 23, 1979 (aged 35)." And then: "The first artist signed to David Geffen's Asylum label, she released two albums, then worked briefly as a cartoonist before dying of drug abuse in 1979." To me, the cruelest thing about this sentence was that "drug abuse" was hyperlinked to its own extensive and authoritative Wiki, as if all the varying, personal horrors contained in that phrase could be broken neatly into sections, tagged with proper citation, and explained.
Sill's life was like something out of a cautionary after-school special: heroin, prostitution, bank robbery, jail-time. Intermittent homelessness ("I was living in a '55 Cadillac with five people at the time, sleeping in shifts," she reminisces during some light banter on her Live in London album before adding, with characteristic resiliency, "It was in the summer, it wasn't so bad. It had air conditioning in the car.") She hurt her back in a car accident a little while after she was dropped from Geffen, and since her doctors knew her history and wouldn't prescribe her painkillers, she remained in chronic pain until she died. Her death itself is a bit of a mystery. "The Los Angeles coroner ruled Sill's death a suicide," according to a 2006 article in The Washington Post, "but those who knew her better have always contended that the 'note' found near her body-- a meditation on rapture, the hereafter and the innate mystery of life-- may just have been part of a diary entry or, perhaps, another one of her haunted, haunting songs beginning to take shape."
It was in this state of mind-- trying to reconcile how someone who'd known such pain could still find the strength to sing like a lamb-- that I saw a link at the bottom of the page: "Judee Sill at Find a Grave."
There is a place a friend of mine refers to as "the other internet," where the streamlined, homogenized design of Facebook never caught on. Where people ramble on to their heart's content, ungoverned by the laws of 140-character concision. Where "GIF" still means what it meant in 1998; where the "Ally McBeal" baby probably still dances, blissfully uninterrupted for all eternity. Find a Grave, a website that bills itself as "a virtual cemetery experience," is located deep within this realm. But do not let its GeoCities-caliber aesthetic fool you: This is a well-trafficked piece of internet real estate. There is (naturally) a hit counter on the main page, and it boasts about 14 million page views per day.
Back in 1995, James Tipton, was just a guy who "could not find an existing site that catered to his hobby of visiting the graves of famous people," and decided to take matters into his own hands. Find a Grave began as an online database that hosted photographs of famous graves, but it's since expanded (exponentially, thanks to a dedicated staff of tombstone photographers: 93 million graves and counting) to hosting photos of non-famous graves. Today, most of its traffic comes from people looking for friends and family members' burial sites-- some of which they'd never be able to visit in person. It's a commendable service, but coming to the site through Sill's memorial page, I was most intrigued by the celebrity pages, and seeing what sort of messages and GIFs their fans had posted.
On Sill's HTML tombstone, there is a short bio, a photo of her looking very happy in a canary-yellow tunic, and a rather clinical indication ("Burial: Cremated") that her ashes have been scattered across the Pacific. There are also 43 notes and clip-art style "virtual flowers," left by members of the site. The notes range from sweet to bizarre and, at that moment, as I was trying to process the sad details of her death 33 years late, they were exactly what I wanted to read. There are missives from diehards ("With devotion from a loyal fan who loved your music then and now. I saw your first concert in April 1971 at Doug Weston's Troubadour in West Hollywood") and a few from random Find a Grave user just passing through ("I'm sorry I don't know your music, I love the music of the 60s. You sound like an interesting lady, rest where no tears fall…"), but most of them have one thing in common. They all address Sill-- the woman who, on her record covers, seemed too lost in her own joy or pain to even notice you there-- in this familiar tone, like they are talking right to her.
There's something unexpectedly comforting about
the fact that somewhere in the wilderness of the internet,
grief goes on long after the #RIP trending topics have faded.
As you can probably imagine, there are some truly bizarre and downright disturbing things about any given Find a Grave experience. For example, I saw on a few different memorial sites a rippling, rainbow GIF that read, in a Comic Sans-esque font, "In memory of a Victim of Suicide." There is also a poll at the bottom of each celebrity's memorial page, which asks "How famous was this person?" and lets you rate them on a scale of one to five stars. (For context: Adam Yauch is a 4.2. Abraham Lincoln an impressive 4.9.) And maybe worst of all was the image of a frowny sunflower carrying the message: "The Virtual Flowers feature has been turned off for this memorial because it was being continually misused." Thinking about whatever people were saying on Biggie and Tupac's pages to warrant this message makes me lose one more sliver of faith in humanity.
But once (or, more likely, if) you can get past all the strangeness and despair, there's something unexpectedly comforting about these memorials-- about the fact that somewhere in the wilderness of the internet, grief goes on long after the #RIP trending topics have faded. I've found the kneejerk motions of writing a timely Twitter obit to be a little queasy; I can remember, as the hashtagged memorials poured through my feed following Broadcast frontwoman Trish Keenan's sudden passing in 2011, I felt impelled to join in but could merely muster a string of clichés that didn't even hint at what Keenan's music meant to me.
"On Twitter, grief is just another meme," Jewcy's Jacob Silverman wrote last summer, commenting on some of the patterns he saw across his social networks the week that Adam Yauch died. "When a celebrity dies, we are all prompted to author our own mini-memoirs." In July, right after Donna Summer's death, Monica Hesse came to a similar conclusion in a Washington Post article called "Tweet It and Weep", which defined digital grief as a superficial combination of "sadness" and "performance art." "Online," she concluded, "grief over dead celebrities is about us."
And the messages left on Find a Grave's pages are, in Silverman's words, mini-memoirs. But they don't feel condemnably narcissistic to me. They're joyful and sad and silly and heartbreaking. They humanize the musicians as much as they do the people who wrote them.
To singer-songwriter Tim Hardin, who wrestled all his life with the burden of his talent: "You were in my creative writing class at South Eugene High in 1959. You always had such promise and always seemed to 'blow it,' but that is not for me to judge."
To Alex Chilton, on the enduring, private ripples of a hit song he always resented: "About 10 years ago, I wrote a letter to an old friend who lived out of state. He took an airplane to see me. Your song, 'The Letter' has been our song ever since. We've been very happily married almost 8 years now."
Some heartfelt bromance for MCA: "MAN I MISS U BUDDY. BRASS MONKEY 4 LIFE! MY BELL I GOT THE ILL COMMUNICATION. NO SLEEP TILL BROOKLYN!!!!!!!!! --KRAZY JOE"
And on Janis Joplin's page, clip art of a red, white, and blue rose accompanied by a rightfully exclamatory caption: "We made love!"
Fandom has always been this interplay between the public and private, between the self-conscious broadcasts of band t-shirts and the quiet, devotional headphone moments. And whatever a "virtual cemetery experience" is, Find a Grave's memorial pages replicate that duality; millions of page views a day, and yet you get the eerie sense you're the first person who's been there in months. So, while clicking through the virtual headstones, I'm suddenly compelled to do something that seemed stupid and embarrassing 15 minutes ago: I make an account on Find a Grave. I leave a rose for Janis. A beer for D. Boon. For Left Eye, some music notes, but only because there wasn't a condom eye patch in this particular collection of clip art. By the time I get to Sill, I'm comfortable enough with this whole ridiculous exercise to leave a note. Her own words, paraphrased to fit the occasion:
"I know you would have not only been amazed that this site exists," someone wrote to Joplin, "But you would be laughing your head off." I think Sill, too, would have been delighted at the lurid, glittering weirdness of it all-- the internet's gaudy, rapturous take on the hereafter. "Judee Sill has now triumphed beyond the grave," wrote the Post's Tim Page on the occasion of her 2006 reissues, "As she always believed she would." He was talking about her records, of course. But you should have seen the flowers.
Corporate tax has rarely excited the imagination of the public as much as in recent years. This week Google has become the latest company to attract widespread anger over the amount of tax it has paid in the UK. The sense that there are some big, profitable companies paying relatively little in corporate tax has led many to try to allocate blame. Are multinationals simply behaving badly? Is HMRC cutting sweetheart deals with favoured companies? Have politicians failed in their task of writing the tax rules?
In an attempt to shed some light on these issues, a new paper by IFS researchers published today sets out how the current tax system seeks to tax corporate profits, what problems this can lead to and how the OECD's two year Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project has sought to prevent tax avoidance. This paper is a pre-released chapter from the February 2016 IFS Green Budget, produced in association with ICAEW and funded by the Nuffield Foundation and to be launched on Monday 8th February.
The most important question relates to what we're trying to tax. The current tax rules are not designed to tax the profits from UK sales. They're certainly not designed to tax either revenue or sales generated in the UK. They are instead designed to tax that part of a firm's profit that arises from value created in the UK. That is the principle underlying all corporate tax regimes across the OECD. The trouble is that calculating how much profit arises from value added in any individual country can be very tricky, and is often open to honest dispute.
Multinationals operate across tax jurisdictions and create profits from activities in many countries. Working out how to allocate profits to different jurisdictions is difficult. In practice, countries have long agreed to divvy up profits according to where the underlying value was created. But there is often no single ‘correct' answer to how much profit should be taxed in the UK. For example: if a worker in the UK and a worker in Ireland collaborate in arranging and concluding a sale, or in designing a new product, or writing a piece of software, how much of resulting income should be attributed to UK activities?
The tax rules seek to provide an answer to this. Two elements of the rules are key. Permanent establishment rules define when a firm has a taxable presence in a country. Controversy often arises when a firm has a large revenue stream in the UK, but is not deemed to have an associated presence here for tax purposes. Rules around this will change following the BEPS process and it will become more difficult for companies to claim that they do not have a permanent establishment, but this can't change retrospectively. Transfer pricing rules dictate the prices that a firm can charge for a transaction – including payments for services or for the use of ideas – that happens between two parts of the same firm that are located in different tax jurisdictions. These are the rules that determine taxable profit allocation. Yet the rules can never be detailed enough to set out what the outcome should be in every possible case. This creates room for disagreement over what the tax rules mean. This is why HMRC is often engaged with multinationals about how much tax they pay: not because they are busy cutting special deals, but because they are trying to apply the tax rules in a consistent manner.
Multinationals are in a good position to be able to employ hordes of tax advisors that help them to conclude any uncertainty in way that leads to lower tax bills, and to take advantage of any loopholes to avoid tax. Some of those loopholes are well known and many exist in other countries' tax regimes. For example, the well documented “Double Irish” refers to differences between Irish and US tax laws that allow US multinationals to shift profits out of Ireland to tax havens such as Bermuda. These kinds of gaps in tax systems can create opportunities for tax avoidance on a grand scale. There is literally nothing the UK government can do unilaterally about some of these loopholes.
If the outcomes produced by the current tax rules are deemed "derisory” then there are at least two options that are more helpful than complaining that firms are behaving badly.
First, governments could improve the current tax rules to prevent certain avoidance behaviours. The OECD has been seeking to foster collaboration through the BEPS project to do exactly this. The UK has already acted to prevent some types of avoidance structures and, going forward, will join other countries in trying to prevent tax avoidance by changing the rules that determine profit allocation. The “Double Irish” structure described above will come to an end by 2020 as a result of international pressure. On Thursday, the European Commission announced new proposals that build on the BEPS project and seek further adjustments to EU tax rules to crack down on tax avoidance. Since the opportunities for avoidance arise at the boundaries between tax systems, a multilateral approach makes sense. However, governments can face a trade-off when deciding how to act: changing tax rules can help crack down on avoidance but come at the cost of reducing a country's competitive position. Many of the actions under BEPS are merely “recommended”. Countries are under no obligation to implement them if they think they will damage their own competitiveness. It remains to be seen how the UK government, among others, will make that trade off.
Second, it is open to government to pursue a much more radical course of action: to scrap the corporate tax system as we currently know it and write a new one that better serves our objectives. The world has changed enormously since the current system was designed in the 1920s. Companies' activities have become more global, digital and intangible. A system that allocates profits as if they were earned by separate companies will always create tensions. We could decide to live with those tensions as best we can, or we could go back to the drawing board and design a tax system based on how the world currently looks. For example, we could tax companies based on where their sales occur rather than where their profits are deemed to have arisen. We may not be ready for such radical change yet, but depending on how well the newly patched up international corporate tax system works over the next few years we may find it is worth considering whether a new set of tensions would produce a more agreeable outcome.
Notes
1. 'Corporate tax avoidance: tackling Base Erosion and Profit Shifting' by Helen Miller and Thomas Pope is a pre-released chapter from the IFS Green Budget 2016, edited by Carl Emmerson, Robert Joyce and Paul Johnson.
2. The full Green Budget 2016 publication will be launched at 10:00 on Monday 8 February 2016 at Guildhall, London. Please email events@ifs.org.uk if you wish to attend;
3. ICAEW is a world leading professional membership organisation that promotes, develops and supports over 144,000 chartered accountants worldwide. We provide qualifications and professional development, share our knowledge, insight and technical expertise, and protect the quality and integrity of the accountancy and finance profession.
As leaders in accountancy, finance and business our members have the knowledge, skills and commitment to maintain the highest professional standards and integrity. Together we contribute to the success of individuals, organisations, communities and economies around the world. Because of us, people can do business with confidence.
ICAEW is a founder member of Chartered Accountants Worldwide and the Global Accounting Alliance.
4. The Nuffield Foundation is an endowed charitable trust that aims to improve social well-being in the widest sense. It funds research and innovation in education and social policy and also works to build capacity in education, science and social science research. The Nuffield Foundation has funded this project, but the views expressed are those of the authors and not necessarily those of the Foundation. More information is available at nuffieldfoundation.org.
We are delighted to have produced this year's Green Budget in association with ICAEW and with funding from ICAEW and the Nuffield Foundation.
Additional analysis will be provided by ICAEW and Oxford Economics.
We are also grateful to the Economic and Social Research Council for funding much of the day-to-day research at IFS that underpins the analysis in this report.
A single mother-of-three has been left with just £10 to survive on after buying takeaways for a week because her electricity was cut off.
Katrina Best of Mornington Road, Leytonstone has been living on fast-food because she is unable to cook for her family in their one-bedroom flat.
Ms Best claims she was told by L&Q housing company to place her newborn's bottle under her armpit when she complained about having no facilities to heat milk.
She said she was left with no choice but to place her two youngest children in the care of a relative.
“I am fuming,” said the 22-year-old who is mum to Archie, four, Harvey, one and Lilly-May, six weeks.
“I have been getting takeaways all week and it has cost me £50 in total.
“I am on my last £10 now and I am not paid until next week.
“I have had to give my two youngest kids to their paternal grandmother. I miss them and have been crying.”
Ms Best has now resorted to sleeping on her mother's floor with her eldest son Archie, which she says is causing her health to suffer.
Having been diagnosed with scoliosis at birth, the disabled mum now has 12 pins in her spine and says she is “in agony” sleeping on the hard floor night after night.
Katrina's mother Eileen, who is a carer for her daughter, said although having her “very active” grandson stay over is stressful, she refuses to let him sleep in the flat due to safety concerns.
The 53-year-old said: “It's a death trap. If Archie was to get up in the night to go to the bathroom he would have to go down steps and there are no lights.
“It is not safe. There are wires hanging out of the fuse box which is at a child's level. It could be dangerous if a child pulled it.
“The flat is not suitable for Katrina. It's classed as a two-bedroom but one of the rooms has a boiler in it so how can a child sleep in there?”
Ms Best said she has been trying to get a bigger place for the past month but is unable to bid for one because she has yet to receive a bidding number from her housing company.
“It is extremely difficult,” she said.
“It's a pain because there is only one bedroom to share between me and three kids and we have just enough room for a bed and two cots.”
A spokesman for L&Q said: "We apologise for the delay in reinstating Miss Best's electricity.
“Our contractors and the electricity company have attended the property several times and we are addressing this as a matter of urgency.”
Post by andei » Fri May 04, 2012 12:15 pm
LordHoto wrote: Thanks. A patch against the ScummVM sources would be nice to have though, that helps to see what exactly you changed. We prefer that over whole source snapshots actually.
No problem LordHoto, here's the patch and the new launcher icon from dists/harmattan directory:There are two additional single line patches in the debian directory that get applied by the build system. These are temporary workarounds for the scaler bug and will be gone once it's resolved.And Freddo and Orologiaio - thank you, I'm really happy to hear that! My wish in putting this together was to contribute something to this lovely project and that it would brighten up a N9 users day. I do plan on updating the port, at least until a more skilled programmer can adopt it.
URBANA – One reason that biofuels are expensive to make is that the organisms used to ferment the biomass cannot make effective use of hemicellulose, the next most abundant cell wall component after cellulose. They convert only the glucose in the cellulose, thus using less than half of the available plant material.
“Here at the EBI and other places in the biofuel world, people are trying to engineer microbes that can use both,” said University of Illinois microbiologist Isaac Cann. “Most of the time what they do is they take genes from different locations and try and stitch all of them together to create a pathway that will allow that microbe to use the other sugar.”
Cann and Rod Mackie, also a U of I microbiologist, have been doing research at the Energy Biosciences Institute on an organism that they think could be used to solve this problem.
Mackie, a long-distance runner, found the microbe in the garbage dump of a canning plant while running in Hoopeston, Ill., in 1993. He noticed that the ground was literally bubbling with microbial activity and took samples. He and his son Kevin, who was in high school at the time, isolated microbes from the samples.
Among these was a bacterium that was later named Caldanaerobius polysaccharolyticus. “We found many exciting enzymes from this organism,” said Cann, who joined the project when he came to Mackie's lab as a postdoctoral researcher.
Specifically, the bacterium contains all of the proteins and enzymes needed to break down xylan, which is the most common hemicellulose, and then to transport the fragments into the cell and metabolize them. All of the genes are located in a single cluster on the microbe's genome.
“So instead of taking a piece from here and from there and stitching them together, we can just take this part of the gene,” Cann explained. “You can cut this and put it into another microbe.”
On the surface of the cell, there is an enzyme that cuts the xylan into small pieces and a protein that binds to the pieces and brings them inside the cell. Enzymes within the cell metabolize the sugar.
The reason that this microbe, unlike most others used to make biofuels, is able to degrade xylan is that it has evolved an enzyme that allows it to remove the side chains, or decorations, that are part of xylan's structure. They hinder the degradation process by preventing complete accessibility of the enzymes to the sugar chain.
Once the side chains have been removed, another enzyme in the microbe breaks the sugar chain down into single sugars, or xylose. Other enzymes within the cell then metabolize the xylose.
Having the enzymes next to each other on the genome is convenient for scientists who are working on engineering microbes that can degrade both cellulose and hemicellulose. The cluster could be designed as a cassette and put into a microbe that normally degrades only cellulose.
Moreover, being next to each other allows them to work efficiently. “You have a set of enzymes that have co-evolved,” Cann explained. “If they have co-evolved over millions of years, it means they have been fine-tuned to work together.”
Another advantage of Caldanaerobius polysaccharolyticus is that it is a thermophilic bacterium, and its enzymes are resistant to temperatures as high as 70 degrees Celsius. Biofuel fermentation is usually done at 37 degrees Celsius, a temperature at which most microbes can survive. This means that the material in the fermentation vats is easily contaminated.
The next step for Cann and his collaborators is to develop techniques for transferring this gene cluster, which is quite large, into microbes.
The research was recently published in the Journal of Biological Chemistry and is available at http://www.jbc.org/content/287/42/34946.full?sid=3f2242e5-c278-4d3e-b16c-1c6f79b01f4b. Yejun Han, Vinayak Agarwal, Dylan Dodd, Jason Kim, Brian Bae, and Satish K. Nair are co-authors.
The Energy Biosciences Institute is a four-partner research collaboration that includes the University of Illinois, the University of California at Berkeley, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, and BP, the energy company that funds the work. It is dedicated to applying the biological sciences to the challenges of producing sustainable, renewable energy for the world.
Get the biggest Weekday Swansea City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Swansea City and Wales defender Jazz Richards is joining Huddersfield Town on loan.
The full-back revealed the news on his personal Twitter account today.
Richards is behind the likes of Angel Rangel and Dwight Tiendalli in the Swans pecking order and has made just one appearance against Malmo in the Europa League this season.
Richards enjoyed a successful loan spell at Crystal Palace at the end of last season, helping Ian Holloway's men win the Championship play-offs.
The 22-year-old is yet to make a Premier League appearance under Michael Laudrup but the Dane did seem to suggest he could be part of his plans during the summer.
However, Richards today tweeted: "Loan deal done to htafcdotcom looking forward to the next few months!".
Neither club has confirmed the deal and the exact length of the loan is not yet known.
View the gallery
A massacre has just occurred at a ritzy restaurant in northern Miami. The assassin—a man beast of 265 pounds with a tree-trunk-thick neck—is sawing mercilessly into the pile of bloody flesh. “I usually don't cut it before I eat it,” he admits. A speaker trembles with the heavy bass of a Whitney Houston dance remix. His voice rises an octave as he tears a particularly large chunk
free and says: “Sorry! That was intense.”
Watching a 6'6” professional football player have his way with a 14-ounce New York strip is a brutal experience, but New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski has a hard time dialing back his intensity, even when he's not playing football. Still, the herculean force he brings to the dinner table—evocative of his take-no-prisoners approach on the field—is misleading. In reality, he is the gentlest of giants, with kind eyes, a dopey grin and the ambiguous sort of accent that sounds, at first, midwestern, but is really the product of upstate New York.
At the age of 26, Gronkowski, a newly minted Super Bowl champion, has already locked in a six-year, $54 million contract—the most lucrative deal for a tight end in NFL history. He's set several all-time records for his position, cementing a reputation as the best tight end in the league, if not the best tight end to ever play pro football. That's no small feat, considering he's suffered (and bounced back from) two major injuries that threatened to ruin his career.
But as much as he's been lauded for his remarkable talent on the field, Gronkowski's extracurricular behavior has garnered even more attention. If quarterback Tom Brady is the Patriots' demure sophisticate, well, Gronkowski is his fratty, fun-loving foil. And fans can't get enough of him. He has become something of a pop-culture phenomenon: Gronkowski's post-touchdown tradition of football spiking (and spiking other things, like bouquets, hockey pucks and cakes, off the field) has inspired a viral video trend called “gronking,” whereby fans film themselves spiking inanimate objects. He is the subject of an erotic fan-fiction novel that was an Amazon Kindle best seller. He travels around town on “The Sinners Bus,” his very own partymobile; it has nearly 11,000 followers on Twitter. A sports website, BarstoolSports.com, perhaps put it best: “He is the most uncomplicated, endearing meathead in the history of the NFL.”
On any given day, Gronkowski—who usually goes by “Gronk”—might be found offering lap dances to women at nightclubs, twerking courtside during a Clippers game or being showered with champagne on a college coed–packed yacht. His antics have, unsurprisingly, spawned critics—people who question his dedication to playing football. And that drives Gronk crazy. He's living every 26-year-old guy's dream right now, and he'll be damned if anyone tries to take that away from him.
“There's definitely a time to party and a time to focus on work, but you need to let loose a little bit so that you can go back on Monday feeling refreshed and motivated to work hard again,” he says. “People act like dancing is breaking the law and partying is a crime. Everyone thinks I'm in trouble 24/7, but what have I really done besides dance?”
It would be impossible to wholly understand the essence of Gronk without first considering his childhood. He was the second youngest in a family of five brothers, which meant that life at the Gronkowski residence in Buffalo, New York, was akin to Animal House, but with more bulk and less booze. Rob's father, Gordy, played college football, and his sons, as luck would have it, inherited his golden ticket in the genetic lottery. (Today, the average weight among them is around 250, and all are over six feet tall.)
The Gronk household was a breeding ground for athletic talent—the basement boasted a full-size gym, and the backyard was decked out with a tennis court, a baseball field, basketball hoops and a hockey net. While Diane, the family matriarch, provided the fuel—she'd spend the entire day in the kitchen whipping up enough chicken parmesan to feed an army—Gordy provided the fire. In the backyard, he would run tennis drills, baseball drills, football drills; consistently pushing his boys to be stronger, better, faster. Sibling rivalry engendered a spirit of healthy competition, and ultimately, three out of the five brothers made it to the NFL. None would be as successful as Rob, though.
Gronkowski landed at the University of Arizona, a Division I school that would serve as the perfect platform to showcase his talent. But a back injury sidelined him for the duration of his junior year, and the promise of being an early draft pick dissipated. He was selected by the Patriots in the second round of the 2010 draft, 42nd overall. “It was definitely a blessing in disguise,” he says. “Some players peak at 20 years old, so if you pick them in the top 10 just because they dominate in college, it doesn't mean that they're going to keep on improving. The way things ended up for me . . . I feel like it just happened for a reason.”
The Miami meat massacre has ended, and being that we're in a steakhouse with an encyclopedia-size wine list, I suggest we do a tasting. A sommelier arranges 15 wineglasses on the table in front of me, Gronkowski and his childhood friend, John Ticco. “He's humble because he had three older brothers, so there was always someone bigger and better than him,” says Ticco, a baby-faced real-estate broker who still resides in their hometown. “He's just an average dude who grew up in Buffalo. I don't think he's ever forgotten that.”
The sommelier begins gingerly pouring. “This is 60 percent Malbec and 40 percent Cabernet,” he says, filling three glasses with an opaque red liquid. “You can tell by the color that it's full-bodied, but the tannins give it a super-velvety feel, and . . . ” Gronk's eyes have glazed over. He smiles politely, but his disinterest is palpable. “It would have been cooler to do a beer tasting,” says Ticco. Gronk nods in agreement. “My drink is usually vodka with water because it gets you hydrated and drunk at the same time,” he explains after the sommelier has departed. “I never drink wine. There's only one wine I like, but I forget what it's called. It tastes like Sprite.”
Check out the video below for a behind-the-scenes look at Gronk's shoot with Bruce Weber
Problems with the complex electrical system on the second-in-class Zumwalt destroyer ended builders trails early and forced the ship to return to the General Dynamics Bath Iron Works shipyard in Maine, according to a statement from Naval Sea Systems Command.
According to NAVSEA, a harmonic filter aboard Michael Monsoor (DDG-1001) failed one day after the ship left the yard on Dec. 4. The ship returned to the yard on Dec. 5.
Harmonic filters are used in complex electrical systems to prevent unintended power fluctuations from damaging sensitive equipment.
The loss of the filter prevented the ship from running its complicated electric drive system at full power as part of the testing that was intended to be carried out during the trials.
The Associated Press first reported the trials were abbreviated due to a mechanical issue last week.
NAVSEA said the delay in sea trials would not affect Monsoor's expected March 2018 delivery.
The heart of the Zumwalt-class is a complex electric grid that's powered by two Rolls-Royce MT-30 gas turbines and two Rolls-Royce MT-5 auxiliary gas turbines. The Integrated Power System can generate more than 75 megawatts of power and drive a complex electrical grid that powers the ship's systems and massive electric motors to move the ship in the water. The amount of electricity generated and routed on the Zumwalt-class is unprecedented in any other non-nuclear surface ship.
USS Zumwalt (DDG-1000) was delayed in delivering to the Navy in 2016 after a series of complex tests into the electrical system took longer than expected. While underway from Maine to its new homeport at Naval Station San Diego, Calif., Zumwalt suffered several delays due to unpredicted problems in its IPS system that were corrected earlier this year.
The Navy is working to change the mission of the planned $23-billion three-ship class from a land-attack platform that would support troops ashore to a surface-strike platform to conduct stealthy anti-surface warfare.
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United will NOT move for Nicolas Otamendi this summer.
MEN Sport can exclusively reveal that Louis van Gaal has dismissed any chance of signing the Argentine defender.
Otamendi has been repeatedly linked with a move to Old Trafford , with Van Gaal determined to recruit a top class centre back.
But it is understood that the 27-year-old is not one of the names under consideration. United believe they are being used to ramp up interest in the Valencia player.
More United news
He has been compared to Benfica forward Nicolas Gaitan - another name linked with United, who is not on Van Gaal's wanted list.
Mats Hummels was one of Van Gaal's top targets this summer, but the German international looks set to stay at Borussia Dortmund.
United have also had a £28m bid for Sergio Ramos rejected by Real Madrid.
The Beatles And Their Record Players In The 1960s first part of a new series ! Written by Piers Hemmingsen, July 2012 with assistance from Mark Lewisohn
Did you ever wonder what record players were actually used by The Beatles to play their own personal records during the 1960s ? Well, hopefully this article well help you answer question with a little bit of detail. During the period 1962 through 1970, there were rapid advances in the technology used to play records and the most significant advancement for The Beatles' sound would be the advent of the enhanced stereo recording techniques and the availablity of true stereophonic records for the teen markets across the globe. After all, there was no point in crafting superb stereo sound in the studio if the fans could not replicate that sound on their home audio equipment. Special thanks to Mark Lewisohn for his generous help with this article.
Above - John and Paul open a box of brand-new American pressed LPs during their stay the the Hotel Plaza, New York City, February 1964. Paul opens a Dylan LP and underneath that one is the Atlantic Atco LP "Don't Play That Song" by Ben E. King of The Drifters from 1962. Thanks to Mark Lewisohn for this info. Photo Source: TBD, www.dangerousminds.net
The following article outlines the various types of record playing equipment used by The Beatles and John Lennon during their years as The Beatles. We hope you find this of interest and that further detailed information can be brought forth to fix some of the holes.
1959 - 1963 - The Dansette Era
The Dansette was the most popular portable record player in England during the 1950s and 1960s. The British patent for the Dansette was applied for in 1952 and this included a BSR turntable. According to the makers of the Dansette …
"Many songwriters including John Lennon, Paul McCartney ... produced their work from listening to records on their Dansettes." (Source: www.dansettes.co.uk)
Although no pictures are presented here, it is a safe bet that both John and Paul had one of these when they were living at their homes in Liverpool.
The Dansette pictured below is the actual Dansette record player that was purchased by Mona Best (mother of Beatles drummer Pete best) for the Casbah Coffee Club in Liverpool in 1959. It could play 33 1/3 RPM, 45 RPM and 78 RPM discs. As The Beatles played there, they would also have used this Dansette.
Above - The Dansette from the Casbah Club, Liverpool (Source: http://www.casbahcoffeeclub.com)
Money !!!
In 1963, The Beatles had their first number one record in England with "Please Please Me" and their fortunes were made. As their financial situation improved in 1963, we see the start of a period in which The Beatles could pretty much afford to buy the very best of record playing equipment.
1963/1964 - Pye G63 Stereophonic Black Box
Above Left - The photo of John Lennon that appeared in the 1964 Beatles Fan Club (UK) 12-month calendar. I would say that the photo source is Mr. Johnny Dean ! The photo was taken some time in September or October of 1963 at The Beatles' London flat at 57 Green Street, Flat L, 4th. Floor, Mayfair, London W1. This was the only flat that the Beatles lived in together during their time as a group so we can assume that this was the only time that they shared a stereo receor player (Source: Mark Lewisohn). In England, these console-type record players were called "radiograms" even though some models like the G63 did not have a radio inside.
Above right - Service sheets for the Pye G63 "Stereophonic Black Box", Pye Ltd. Cambridge.
Above - Ringo relaxes at the flat at Green Street (Autumn 1963) with some LPs by Stevie Wonder, The Shirelles, etc. He is sitting beside the Pye G63. Photo source: Johnny Dean !
The Pye G63 console stereo was manufactured in Cambridge, England and the unit featured a Garrard 4-speed (16/33/45/78) automatic turntable in the centre under the centre lid. There are four control knobs inside. Horizonatlly from left to right they are 1. OFF=TREBLE, 2. VOLUME, 3. BALANCE, 4. BASS. The amplifier uses Mullard tubes and it usually took a minute or so for the amplifier to "warm up" so that it was ready for use. A separate large 8-inch Goodmans speaker was mounted inside the cabinet on either side of the central record playing area. A (red light bulb) lit Pye Stereophonic Black Box badge-plate was mounted at the bottom right hand corner of the front grille cloth. The mains (power suppply) could be adapted for British and North American uses.
Above - Controls and turntable for the Pye G63 (Source: www.radiomuseum.org)
The whole Pye unit was finished in beautiful shiny polyester lacquered "sapele and sycamore" wood veneers and was one of the very best stereo record players available in England at the time. My parents purchased one for our family in Salisbury, Wiltshire in 1962 and we loved it. It was the unit that my brother used to play his 1963 stsreo copy of the Parlophone Please Please Me LP. We brought the Pye unit back to Canada with us in August of 1963. It was used to play pretty much all of the Beatles albums and 45s as they were released in Canada during the 1960s. I enjoy the Pye G63 to this day and it retains a classic 1960s modern look that has yet to be replicated. This year it is 50 years old !
If you look closely at the picture of John above, you will see that he has a USA Tamla / Motown copy of the early 1963 Miracles LP "The Fabulous Miracles" sitting on the top of the record player. The Beatles would cover You've Really Got a Hold on Me from this album and it is highly probable that all four Beatles listened to the album on their Pye Stereophonic Black Box in order to work on that track for their "With The Beatles" LP.
Above - A page from the Pye brochure created for the "Radio TV & Electronics Exhibition" held at the Royal Festival Hall, London on August 22nd, 23rd, and 24th, 1962.
John would only live with his band-mates at the Green Street flat from September through the end of November of 1963. John and his wife Cynthia and their son Julian moved to a new flat at 13 Emperors Gate, Brompton, Knightsbridge, London SW7 in November 1963. By July 1964, Beatles fans had forced the family to move to a much larger home called Kenwood in Weybridge, Surrey. So the question is ... where did the Pye G63 end up after The Beatles left the flat at Green Street ? If anyone knows the answer to that qustion ... please let me know !
The significance of the Pye G63 is that it is probably the only record player that was shared by all four Beatles when they were together as a performing group. Just try and find one of the 1962 Pye G63 Stereophonic Black Box units today !
1964 - Philips Automignon AG2101D (in-car 45 RPM record player)
Paul ... had a Philips Automignon record player fitted to his factory fresh 1964 Aston Martin DB5.
Above Left - Paul in the Aston Martin's driver's seat, signing an autograph for a fan in London, June 1967.
Above Right - Paul beside the Aston, London April 1967.
Source: Both pictures above are by courtesy of The Daily Mail photo archives.
1964 - Philips Automignon AG2101D (in-car 45 RPM record player)
George ... had a Philips Automignon record player fitted to his brand new 1964 Jaguar E-Type 3.8.
Above Left - George perched on the bonnet of his new 1964 Jaguar E-Type 3.8.
Above Right - George plays with the Philips Automignon record player in his new 1964 Jaguar E-Type 3.8
Source: Both picture above are by courtesy of The Beatles Book Monthly, Johnny Dean.
1965 - Swiss KB Discomatic Jukebox - John Lennon and Brian Epstein
It would appear that both Brian Epstein and John lennon ordered their Swiss KB Discomatic jukebox units at about the same time in 1965. Brian's unit was used at his office while John's unit was delivered to his home Kenwood at Weybridge, Surrey. The unit could hold fourty 45 RPM discs and of course this was for mono playback only as stereo 45s would not arrive on the mass market until 1969.
Above Left - Brian Epstein sifts through some acetates at his office. The Swiss KB Discomatic appears at the top left in the picture.
Above Right - Earlier (top) and slightly later (bottom) models of the Swiss KB Discomatic jukebox.
Above - The index card from John Lennon's Swiss KB Discomatic clearly shows his love for the rock and roll classics (Be-Bop-Lu-La etc.)
Above - A page from an early 1960s Swiss KB catalogue (Source - http://www.jukebox-world.de)
1965 - Philips Automignon AG2101D (in-car 45 RPM record player)
This was an AC (alternating current) portable unit that had been fitted to his 1965 Rolls-Royce Phanton V in December of 1965 just as the new Rubber Soul LP was topping the album charts (Source: Beatlology Magazine Vol. 2 No. 2 - November / December 1999). The Philips "Automignon" units were introduced in 1962 but did not really catch on ... by the way "mignon" is a French word for cute or dainty ! John's portable record player could only play 45 RPM records and it was fitted into the centre console in the rear passenger area.
The pictures below were taken by Brian Schofield for the Beatlology Magazine issued in December 1999 (who did a great issue on the history of the car), the inset photo on the left shows the Philips Automignon at the bottom of the console.
The caption stating that "phono unit missing" is in fact incorrect is in fact incorrect. What is missing in the centre, is in fact the Philips portable tape deck. The Philips Automignon looks a lot like a CD player doesn't it ? One of John's favourite discs during the months of April and May of 1967 was the Deram 45 "A Whiter Shade Of Pale" by Procol Harum and Derek Taylor has stated that John played that record many times on the Philips Automigon unit in his Rolls-Royce.
1968 - Component Hi-Fi System At Flat 1, 34 Montagu Square, London
In late 1968 while the White Album was being recorded, Ringo sublet his ground floor and lower-ground floor flat (Flat 1) at 34 Montagu Sqaure to John and Yoko. Paul had also rented the flat at one point in 1966. John and Yoko lived in the flat just prior to moving to Tittenhurst Park (Source: Mark Lewisohn). Jimi Hendrix had also lived there in late 1966 and early 1967 (when he was evicted by Ringo !) and it was also here that John and Yoko took the famous photographs for their Two Virgins album cover. The photo below shows Lennon listening to music and it is apparent that the main source of audio is from a component hi-fi system that has been temporarily set up on the floor - as this was a temporary living space for John and Yoko. It is my best guess that Lennon had one or two component sets in this flat and that one may have been used just for the 4 track tapes that are seen in the picture. As he is seen holding a 45 it is a good assumption that he was listening to a 45 at the moment the picture was taken by Ethan Russell. Any further information about the record player and audio equipment in this picture would be appreciated.
Above - John Lennon just listens ... at the 34 Montagu Square flat (according to Mark Lewisohn probably October 1968) just a few weeks before the White Album is launched to the world ... note that there are Muntz 4 track tapes on top of the component amplifier, a scattering of various 45s with centres punched out, and a turntable in it's case lurks above John's head. Thanks to Mark Lewisohn. Photo Source - Ethan Russell for the rock and roll newspaper Rolling Stone.
Late 1969 - WHITE Component Amplifier And Turntable In Custom White Cabinet At Tittenhurst Park, near Ascot in Berkshire.
The photo below was gleaned from an old colour video interview of John and Yoko and at one point John begins playing a copy of their brand new Apple LP "Live Peace In Toronto" at their home. It is probable that this was filmed at their home and was an out-take from the BBC documentary show "24 Hours: The World Of John And Yoko" which wads filmed in early December 1969. You can see that John is hunched over the turntable and he is putting the LP on the record player. Those are his arms ! The turntable was inside the cabinet. You can also see an amplifier to the right in the picture and the whole cabinet was painted white. I strongly suspect that this could have been at Tittenhurst Park and they moved there in August of 1969 and much of their interiors were painted white as part of their extensive refurbishment of the property. Any further information would be appreciated but I would suspect that the cabinet was indeed custom made with the components appearing to be "built ins". I do not have any images of the speakers as of yet. Any further information would be appreciated.
Source: Most probably BBC's TV show "24 Hours: The World Of John And Yoko", December 1969.
Summary
Technology played a huge role in the evolution of The Beatles music and sound by way of their choice of the newest instruments as well as the state-of-the-art equipment used to record their musical compositions. This short article has shown that the same evolution also applied to the use of technology that The Beatles used to play the recorded music that influenced them. In their early days they were hard-pressed to afford a new diamond stylus for their Dansettes, however, their financial status after the rise of Beatlemania in 1963 allowed them to cherry-pick the best record playing equipment on offer and the evidence is pretty clear that they did exactly that.
GETTY David Cameron faces a headache after a poll revealed huge support for leaving the EU
Well over half of Britons now want to sever ties with Brussels permanently as anti-EU feeling continues to grow in the light of the Paris massacre and the ongoing migrant crisis. A poll commissioned for the Mail on Sunday revealed that 53% of Britons now want out of the EU, compared to 47% who believe we should stay in.
That means the leave campaign has opened up a commanding 6% lead as the upcoming referendum on Britain's membership of the 28-nation bloc looms ever closer. Even more astonishingly, that lead would grow to a cavernous 8% if Mayor of London Boris Johnson agreed to front the campaign to quit the EU.
GETTY Mr Cameron hopes to announce a raft of agreement to shore up EU support
The result will be a devastating blow for David Cameron, who is trying to convince voters that he can secure meaningful reforms from Brussels which will make staying in the EU more appealing. But world events appear to have overtaken the Prime Minister with November's shocking Paris massacre, the Cologne sex attacks and the ongoing migrant crisis plaguing mainland Europe all hardening Eurosceptic feeling across the country. More worryingly still for Mr Cameron the poll reveals the true extent of the colossal swing towards an EU exit, with the out campaign gathering momentum at the critical time.
GETTY The lead would grow even further if Boris Johnson fronted the leave campaign
GETTY Issues including the migrant crisis have strengthened Eurosceptic feeling
Last May a survey by the same pollsters produced almost exact reverse result, with 54% of Britons in favour of remaining in the EU and just 46% intending to vote to leave. The latest result means that public perception has swung an astonishing 7% in favour of Brexit in just eight months. The shock poll was revealed as it emerged that the Prime Minister has drawn up a secret plan to deliver three surprise “rabbits from the hat” in his renegotiation with European leaders which he hopes will help shore up support for the EU. According to the Times, Mr Cameron is set to unveil an agreement signed by the other 27 EU leaders rebranding Britain as a different sort of member state, meaning it would be exempt from some Brussels rulings. He will also announce an “emergency brake” on EU migration to Britain which would enable the Government to step in and block new arrivals if public services become overwhelmed.
Sometimes it pays to revisit some basics… the basics like effective hamstring stretching.
This is an area that a surprising number of runners always seem to get get slightly wrong!
In this quick video above, I explain and demonstrate the difference between a stretch which brings on an intense feeling behind the knee, and a true stretch of the hamstring muscles. I call this exercise a ‘bent knee hamstring stretch', or ‘reverse hamstring stretch' as you push back into the stretch from a flexed knee.
Sciatic Tension vs Hamstring Stretch
The intense feeling or ‘burn' behind the knee that many runners associate with feeling a hamstring stretch is often actually the feeling of increasing tension on the sciatic nerve as you lean forward… rather than the targeted hamstring muscles themselves.
Instead we should be looking to create a stretching feeling in the muscle belly of each of those hamstring muscles (middle of the posterior thigh), using the hamstring stretch in the video. Try it! 🙂
Cheney says U.S. allies are rapidly losing confidence in the White House. Cheney: Obama favors food stamps
Former Vice President Dick Cheney on Monday night called the Pentagon budget proposal “absolutely dangerous.”
Appearing on Fox News's “Hannity,” he said President Barack Obama “would rather spend the money on food stamps than he would on a strong military or support for our troops.”
Story Continued Below
Host Sean Hannity asked Cheney whether the Pentagon's proposed cuts to the Army, unveiled by Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel on Monday, were “dangerous.”
( Also on POLITICO: Cheney: W.H. lied about health plans)
“I have not been a strong supporter of Barack Obama. But this really is over the top. It does enormous long-term damage to our military,” Cheney responded. He went on to say that the president has always wanted to downsize the military, and that the cuts would be “absolutely devastating.”
Cheney also said U.S. allies are rapidly losing confidence in the White House and don't believe they can trust the U.S.
You've probably heard a lot of stories about where the 420 phenomenon got its start. Despite what your college roommate told you, it has nothing to do with police codes, Bob Marley, or Adolf Hitler's birthday (talk about a buzzkill).
Thanks to a history lesson from Slate, we can finally clear up the myth once and for all. Turns out 420 found its roots in the Bay Area in 1971. The story goes that a group of San Rafael teens, known as the Waldos, would regularly meet at a statue on their high school campus at 4:20pm, before heading off to Point Reyes in search of an alleged field of pot. Despite weeks of searching, they never found it, but they did find themselves unwittingly changing the history of popular culture, thanks to a connection within the Grateful Dead, who made the phrase go from local shorthand to a global movement.
Click below to watch the story unfold (and hear the narrator pronounce Marin wrong):
I rest for a while. Now is time to get up and try once again to find an exit. Walking and looking for markings on the walls, a stain, a scratch, a spider web I haven't seen yet. Nothing. Perfect walls, untouched. I examine one of them looking for imperfections. Nothing. The maze looks like a work from Nature itself, a little trap created by the forces that rule the universe so they can have fun watching vermin like me struggling for a little bit of sunlight.
I walk ten more steps ahead. Crossroads. Left. Twenty steps. Fork. Right. One hundred steps. Two hundred. Five hundred. I can't count it anymore. Crossroads again. Or is it the same from before?
I need to mark the walls, but I have no tools… only my own hands. I take a deep breath and begin to scratch the wall. Nothing. One of my fingernails breaks in the half. It hurts. It really hurts. I look up to the wall. I can't give up. I punch the wall with all my strength. I hear the noise of something breaking. Pain shows me it's only one of my fingers. I sit down on the floor, my back against the opposite wall. I watch while my blood on the wall slowly fades, first into a light pink color, then into complete unexistence.
I close my eyes for a few seconds. Silence. I can only hear my own breath.
Suddenly I hear something else. It starts weak like a heartbeat and little by little it grows louder. They sound like footsteps. Salvation? A spark of hope is lit. I get up and walk carefully towards the sound. My heart beats stronger on each step while the sound gets louder.
And then my joy slowly turns into fear. Yes, they're footsteps. I'm sure they are. But they are not footsteps of a human being. The sound doesn't seem to follow any kind of rhytm or pattern. The silence between the steps is uneasing, and it seems like that thing doesn't belong to my world, as much as this labyrinth. I stop for a few seconds to catch my breath and then I start running on the opposite direction as fast as I can.
Crossroads. Ahead. Twenty steps. Crossroads. Left. Fifty steps. Fork. Left. Thirty steps. Crossroads. Right. I can't count anymore. Dead end. A huge wall appears in front of me and there's nowhere to go. I hear the damned footsteps behind me now, coming closer and closer.
I sit with my back against that wall. I'm tired, very tired. I don't care anymore. The thing can come and destroy me at once. I don't have any hopes of getting out of here alive. I close my eyes. I hear the footsteps approaching and keep my eyes closed, waiting for the end.
Then it stops. The thing is right in front of me. I can hear its heavy breathing. For many seconds I can only hear that breathing in front of me. I open my eyes.
What I see is something that I just can't describe. It looks awful, the shape doesn't make any sense at all. I'm paralyzed, staring at a single eye in the creature's head. Then it sighs. A strange sigh of disappointment. Turns it's back on me and walk away towards the dark hallways of the maze.
I sit there for a while. I can't tell how long. Time just doesn't make any sense anymore. I need to rest. I sleep.
When I wake up. I'm a little less tired. I Get up and walk, looking for the exit once again. The possibility of seeing that creature in one of the crossroads of this place makes my heart beat faster and faster. Now that I think about that eye, I thing I understand what makes me so scared about it.
It looks a lot like my own eyes, but a bit more tired. A few centuries more tired, I guess.
The second part of a series of concrete examples and very brief summaries of organizations that have some component of direct action and a form of collective bargaining that operate outside the labour relations framework.
This is the second part of a series of concrete examples and very brief summaries of organizations that have some component of direct action and a form of collective bargaining that operate outside the labour relations framework. The following are IWW projects that had aspects of Labour Relations Board campaigns to them but were essentially not oriented towards the LRB. You will also notice that these examples are American. One key difference in the American context is the presence of a longer and richer history of what is called “minority unionism” that is unions that seek to build majorities from minorities but are capable of acting as a part of the workforce that doesn't always represent a majority pro-union group as verified by card check or a board election.
2. Corridor Campaigns:
a). Montpelier Downtown Workers Union
Corridor campaigns were a popular model for IWW branches to experiment with in the early to mid 2000's. This campaign started as a corridor campaign under the United Electrical Workers Union. An independent union with a history of Communist leadership. They were based on having small committees in small shops spread out over a geographic area with a similar constellation of businesses, usually retail corridors.
This campaign started under the sponsorship of a workers centre run by the UE and ran for a few years. One of the more innovative elements of this campaign was the grievance committee combined with stewards that were assigned to a geographic area. Non members were told of the presence of a steward in their area and if they had problems to go the member of the MDWU who would help them resolve problems. They also had a grievance committee that would pool resources to tackle bigger tougher problems.
Eventually the UE tried to push it to sign more contracts, as the campaign was failing they signed on with the IWW but it continued it's decline and folded.
Advantages: Multiple committees in multiple shops. Geographic stewards, grievance committee. Had a clear way to address smaller concerns that didn't warrant mass industrial action but weren't simply individual gripes either.
Disadvantages: Pressure from business union sponsor to go for contracts. Small shops prone to high turnover, going public in small shops allows the boss to charm neutrals and organise anti union elements easily.
b). South Street Workers Union
South Street was a campaign in a retail corridor in Philadelphia started by the IWW branch there. It had multiple committees in multiple small shops. They agitated around workplace issues as well as workers issues off the job including a campaign around transit fares. The campaign lasted a number of years and built up the branch but eventually folded.
Advantages: Maintained a function organisation between small multiple shops over a few years. Agitated around issues in the community and mobilised the community around non workplace demands as well as making some small gains in shops.
Disadvantages: High turnover wore the campaign down.
3. The IWW and Bike Couriers:
There is very little documentation that is easy to track down and I have a few articles I intend to put online but the Bike Courier campaigns of the early 2000s had a tremendous influence on the development of Direct Unionism or Solidarity Unionism. The key organisers in these campaigns had a huge impact on the IWW and played a central role in the transition from being mostly a radical labour history club to a small fighting union with a different program from the rest of the labour movement. The longest running and most high profile campaign was in Chicago where the IWW maintained a presence in the courier industry for ten years. They had committees spanning multiple shops and won grievances against employers as well as mounting campaigns against building management companies to make their buildings more accessible to the couriers that served their tenants.
There were also bike courier committees in Portland, New York, Boston and San Francisco to name a few others.
Advantages: Extremely flexible organisations, took on issues on and off the job. Well developed conception of non contractual unionism. Multiple campaigns in multiple shops in Chicago. Also very structured and formal in Portland and Chicago, clear meeting agendas, rules of order and elected officers.
Disadvantages: Never broke out of the bike courier sub culture in a meaningful way. Very oriented towards a largely young and urban counter culture workforce.
Links:
Bike Couriers:
http://www.portlandmercury.com/portland/bike-me-boss/Content?oid=27801http://www.sfbma.org/index.php/2011/08/23/iww-couriers-union-demands-living-wage-for-workers-at-speedway-delivery-and-messenger-service/http://areachicago.org/introducing-chicago-couriers-union/
http://www.rabbledistro.com/index.php?page=zines&nav=zinesNav&zine=The+Making+of+an+Organizer%3A+A+History+of+the+Chicago+Couriers+Union+2003-2006
Corridor Campaigns
South Street:
http://www.iww.org/node/825
Montpelier Downtown Workers Union:
http://www.nefac.net/node/2235
Originally posted: October 8, 2015 at Recomposition
A massage parlour in the southeast community of Dover has been shut down because of links to prostitution, say Calgary police.
Police went to court to get a 30-day closure order against Paradise Spa at 3155 34th Avenue S.E., which takes effect Monday.
A massage parlour in southeast Calgary has been shut under a community safety order after a police investigation about prostitution taking place there. (Kyle Bakx/CBC)
The community safety order (CSO) also prevents the owner of the property from leasing the space to any massage business for a year after the closure period expires.
The property has been the source of many complaints by local residents.
"This particular location has been on our radar for 12 years," said Staff Sgt. Robert Rutledge.
The Calgary Police Service worked with the Safer Communities and Neighbourhoods Unit (SCAN) of the Alberta Law Enforcement Teams (ALERT) on the investigation.
"It amazed me how many people knew this was going on," said SCAN investigator Glenn Stuart. "It wasn't a secret — they all knew — but nobody knew how they could make it go away."
SCAN received a complaint nearly a year ago. One employee was charged and the was business closed for a few weeks, but authorities say it reopened and continued to offer sexual services.
"In the past they would just change their names get new employees and business as usual, in this particular instance being closed down brings a lot of satisfaction," said Rutledge.
He says the move is not only being celebrated by Calgary police, but by the community as well.
100 feet from daycare
“If you can imagine, there was a business operating as a daycare 100 feet from this massage parlour where prostitution was taking place,” said Stuart.
“This is the first CSO granted in Alberta, and likely Canada, addressing the ongoing problem of businesses registered as massage parlours performing acts of prostitution.”
Alberta Health Services has also been involved because of concerns of transferring sexually transmitted diseases inside the parlour and the presence of used condoms in the trash outside of the building.
SCAN believes there are about 150 such massage parlours operating in Calgary.
"Sometimes Dover and Forest Lawn and communities like that get a bit of a bad rap. And I'll tell you, we do a lot of work in these communities. But there are a lot of good people who live in these communities and they don't deserve to have to live with this," said Stuart.
Doug King, a justice studies professor at Mount Royal University, says it's difficult to shut down prostitution operations.
"The door shuts and the transaction takes place in private between the individual and the person who is looking to provide the sexual services," he said.
"That's the hard part to monitor and to regulate so it is a very difficult criminal thing to look into."
Police are hoping this closure will send a warning to people who run illegal massage parlours.
"We are targeting them and they better clean up their business habits," said Rutledge.
You're probably wondering what a gazelle has to do with culture, right?! Melibee's Katy Rosenbaum tackles an important subject for the sojouner – cultural perspective – and explains what this beautiful creature has to do with a very teachable moment. Her story from Morocco reminds us that things are not always as they seem!
“Ca va, la gazelle?”
Most women who have spent more than a few days in Morocco have probably heard this catcall on the street.
How are you, gazelle?
To someone coming from another culture, these catcalls might evoke a variety of reactions: anger, offense, annoyance, feeling objectified, feeling threatened, or even flattery. For me, my relationship with my reaction to these catcalls went through several stages during my four years in Morocco, ultimately illustrating several ways to take cultural challenges and make them into true learning experiences.
Among my Peace Corps colleagues, this pattern of young men calling out one-liners as we walked by on the street became a hot topic of debate, sparking many editorials in our internal newsletters and controversial arguments at get-togethers. Most– though not all– of us said that this behavior made us uncomfortable. When I spoke to other American women who were experiencing the same thing, we talked about what specifically evoked these reactions:
– Being the target of a catcall in general, and especially being compared to a “gazelle” or being called beautiful left some of us feeling objectified and occasionally unsafe.
– At times, the catcalls crossed the line into sexual harassment and feeling not simply objectified but sexually objectified.
– Some of us felt that we were being singled out for being visibly American or foreign, and we assumed that this was because of the stereotype that media often perpetuates of the “loose American/foreign women.”
On a deeper level, there was a feeling of conflict and that ubiquitous question of cultural relativism versus universalism: at what point is it our responsibility to change our behavior to conform to the norms of the society? At what point is it a question of human dignity? Did we, as foreigners, need to integrate more? Were we being offensive by our dress or behaviors? Or is this getting into that tricky territory of not compromising our own identity? After all, there is a perception that in some cultures, women should be modest to curtail mens' sexuality. The conflict of wanting to be respectful but also not wanting to have to compromise too much is an underlying factor to some people's discomfort with these catcalls.
During my first few years, I'd ask Moroccans about why some men would make these comments, but looking back, it was always tinged with a bit of defensiveness or anger. I thought I was asking and trying to learn, but looking back, I recognize that I was not neutral in these discussions. My tone, my word choice, and my attitude was loaded with some of those feelings that I had, which made a charged situation where people probably did not feel comfortable being totally honest in their responses.
The responses I received in these conversations were fairly similar and superficial: men overwhelmingly said that it was a question of education level. They, themselves would never call out to women on the street because they were “raised right,” but boys that don't know any better do it to feel good about themselves or have fun.
A few had other responses. One of the colleagues I was assigned to work with in the Peace Corps kept calling me a “gazelle.” He was married, and I didn't feel anything else from that interaction, but it still bothered me. When I asked him about it, he said that his wife loves it when he calls her a gazelle, and that he saw me as his sister– it's fine and not at all inappropriate for him to call his sister a gazelle. That being said, when he knew it bothered me, he stopped. He saw it as a complement, and was genuinely confused at my negative reaction.
This fed into my beliefs and reactions: I continued to feel annoyed, bothered, objectified, and singled out for being “foreign.”
I remember the first time that my perception started changing: I had gotten to know a group of youth volunteers at a community development association. They were all young men in their late teens or early twenties that were working to improve the area that they lived in and volunteered their time to tutor local youth, coach sports teams, or work on neighborhood projects. Because of the trust I had with them, I asked them about it over coffee one day– but without defensiveness and with genuine curiosity.
One of them answered my question with a question: “How do you meet your future spouse in the US?”
I responded with everything I could come up with: at school, through mutual friends, through work, through the internet, while going out and socializing. He smiled at me and explained that in most of Morocco, traditionally, there are fewer opportunities to meet people of the opposite sex. In some ways, dating is still taboo, though things are changing and in certain circles it is acceptable.
“Everyone,” he said, “everyone knows at least someone who met his future wife through saying something to her on the street.”
It was not what I expected to hear. Because of the historical separation of men and women and the way that it has changed but still remains in more nuanced forms today, it can be difficult to find a spouse. Some women are flattered with the catcalls and take it as an invitation to make contact with a potential partner– a sort of speed-dating on the street. They might stop for a few minutes to chat, and exchange phone numbers, leading to a dating-by-text-message or dating-by-phone relationship that may or may not end up in a serious relationship or marriage.
This is not always the case: with the diversity within Morocco, there are probably as many reactions to this behavior as there are people in the country. However, I was surprised to realize that there are some Moroccan women who have the same reaction that I do, but also women who see it as an opportunity for connection and even the chance to meet a potential life partner.
I was dumbfounded.
What an “aha!” moment– and what a fascinating view into the complexities of understanding the diversity of culture. From my framework and point of view, it was nearly impossible to think of this behavior as anything but negative, and my attitude when talking about it previously made it easier for people to agree with me. By opening up and asking neutrally with trusted friends, I was suddenly taken out of that framework and able to see the situation from a different light.
Not only was this an interesting glimpse into the diversity of thoughts and attitudes within a culture, but it also provided a window to myself as traveler or as an outsider trying to make sense of the culture I was living in. I jumped to conclusions, even after years of being in Morocco. I assumed that the behavior was based on stereotypes of Americans, I assumed that it was always sexual objectification as the intent, and I tended to always jump to the most negative conclusions. At times, certainly, those were true, but not always.
What rang loud and clear is how important it is to find people you trust to ask about cultural phenomenon that might be upsetting or puzzling, to enter into these conversations while acknowledging your feelings but also trying to remain neutral, and understanding the diversity of thought and behavior within a culture.
Some suggestions while traveling, working, or studying abroad might include:
1. Don't be afraid to find people in the host culture that are open-minded and that you can build a trusting relationship with who you can ask about the things that make you uncomfortable. Whether this is staff on your program, peers, people from the host country who have spent time in the US, or just a really good friend, people are willing to have those hard conversations or explain perceptions if you are willing to share and ask.
2. If possible, ask people from different walks of life in your host country about these cultural happenings– chances are the diversity of opinions will give you a more complete understanding. Don't take one person's opinions at face value as truth for the whole culture.
3. Check your attitude and how you are coming across when you talk about this: it's easy to come across as upset, and people might not feel like they can be honest if this is the case. If you are emotional or really bothered in the moment, it might make sense to give it a few hours or a few days before talking it through with someone who might feel the need to be defensive if they perceive you are upset.
For faculty and staff interacting with students or volunteers abroad:
1. Listen to those “culture shock” situations that your students are going through and work to make them a point of growth and understanding rather than simply moments of frustration. Encourage students to find trusted host country peers to ask about these situations, or ask questions that help see things from a different perspective. If it's something that comes up with several students, it might be beneficial to put together a panel of people from different walks of life to talk about these issues. This might involve a scheduled session a few days or weeks into the program that asks participants to share or reflect on the hardest moments for them and then a second session with host country nationals to explore these situations.
2. Create experiences for students or volunteers to be able to meet a wide range of host country individuals: “language partners” from a university, a visit to a retirement home, a visit to a rural location and discussion with a family there, or informal “tea talks” or “coffee hours” might afford participants the opportunity to connect or interact with people that provide a different perspective both in general and to certain cultural challenges they might be facing. Encourage students to write down cultural questions that they ask you as faculty or staff, then bring them up in front of these various groups so students can gain exposure to a variety of viewpoints.
3. Integration sessions can be crucial: by checking in with students or volunteers who are experiencing emotional reactions to cultural differences, using active listening, creating a safe environment for students to share, and helping them through these moments can be important.
4. Acknowledge moments that might be an introduction to discussion about cultural relativism versus universalism, and be prepared to support and challenge students to consider this dichotomy and how to navigate tricky situations while keeping an open mind.
Most people experience some struggles when immersed in a different culture. It is crucial to be able to take these hard moments and acknowledge that with the right attitude and willingness to explore, the processing of these moments can become a catalyst for self-awareness, personal development, and a way to gain a deeper understanding of cultural nuances rather than simply a stress-producing challenge.
What other ways have you used to process moments of challenge or culture shock into a deeper understanding? Are there tools for faculty or staff that you would recommend? For travelers or students? Feel free to share your experiences or advice in the comments!
About the Author: Kathryn (Katy) Rosenbaum's love of exploring cultures and language stemmed from an early age when she kept a “foreign treasures” drawer under her bed with maps, stamps, coins, and even candy wrappers in foreign languages. This interest in knowing “The Other” continued as an adult, and after working with immigrants and refugees in Atlanta at a women's health clinic, Kathryn joined Peace Corps Morocco as a health education volunteer. She stayed in-country with Morocco Exchange, where she developed, managed, and led short-term cultural immersion programs for U.S. university students. Katy is completing her MA in International Education at NC State. Kathryn (Katy) Rosenbaum's love of exploring cultures and language stemmed from an early age when she kept a “foreign treasures” drawer under her bed with maps, stamps, coins, and even candy wrappers in foreign languages. This interest in knowing “The Other” continued as an adult, and after working with immigrants and refugees in Atlanta at a women's health clinic, Kathryn joined Peace Corps Morocco as a health education volunteer. She stayed in-country with Morocco Exchange, where she developed, managed, and led short-term cultural immersion programs for U.S. university students. Katy is completing her MA in International Education at NC State.
Hold on to your hats, because this is a good one. It's a tale of disregarding the laws of physics, cancelled crowdfunding campaigns, and a menagerie of blogs who take press releases at face value.
Meet Silent Power (Google translation). It's a remarkably small and fairly powerful miniature gaming computer being put together by a team in Germany. The specs are pretty good for a completely custom computer: an i7 4785T, GTX 760, 8GB of RAM and a 500GB SSD. Not a terrible machine for something that will eventually sell for about $930 USD, but what really puts this project in the limelight is the innovative cooling system and small size. The entire machine is only 16x10x7 cm, accented with a very interesting “copper foam” heat sink on top. Sounds pretty cool, huh? It does, until you start to think about the implementation a bit. Then it's a descent into madness and a dark pit of despair.
There are a lot of things that are completely wrong with this project, and in true Hackaday fashion, we're going to tear this one apart, figuring out why this project will never exist.
The Hardware
The specs for this machine are pretty good; it's not a slouch by any means. The CPU is an Intel i7 4785T. A pretty good chip, but one with the lowest thermal design power of its generation – 35 Watts – not surprising given that the team behind Silent Power is going for a completely passively cooled product.
The graphics card, however, is not a low power part. The Nvidia GTX 760 is a 170 Watt card, and most certainly not the best choice for a passively cooled system. A better choice would be the GTX 750 Ti: they would get reasonably similar performance with a 60 Watt card. saving them from having to get rid of 110 Watts of heat. If you've ever touched a hot 100 Watt light bulb, that's about how much heat the small performance increase from the GTX 760 to the GTX 750 Ti produces. That's also the amount of extra heat the innovative copper foam heat sink needs to get rid of because of this one design decision.
Chip choices and component selection notwithstanding, a much more interesting aspect of this hardware is the form factor. It's a pretty small enclosure, only 16x10x7 cm. The smallest commonly available motherboard size, Mini-ITX is 17 cm square and obviously wouldn't fit in the enclosure. Maybe they're going with a newer, smaller form factor like the Intel NUC? Nope. They're designing their own integrated system, mounting the GPU and CPU on one board, and the RAM and the Flash chips that make up the SSD on another. There are supposedly a total of three boards in this computer, all separated by expensive, high-speed interconnects.
Just about every graphics card and motherboard you can buy isn't designed from scratch. Instead, chip companies like Intel, AMD, and Nvidia produce what are called reference designs, which are produced by companies like Asus, Gigabyte, MSI, and EVGA. Yes, there are a few differences in peripheral support, thermal design, and layout, but the basic fact that there are only a handful of designs out there for a specific class of GPU or CPU holds true.
The team at Silent Power is creating a completely new design for their specific choice of CPU and GPU. That's a tremendous undertaking and something that costs chip manufacturers millions of dollars to produce. The Silent Power team is willing to do all of this for $60,000 USD with a team of three.
Copper Foam
With the hardware design thoroughly debunked, we can move on to the most interesting feature of the Silent Power PC: the heatsink. It's made of a material called copper foam, an open cell matrix of copper. At first glance, this looks like a decent choice for a heat sink. Copper is extremely thermally conductive, and the huge amount of surface area means there's a lot of area for heat to radiate out of.
The reality is that this copper foam is a more effective insulator than a conductor of heat.
Heat sink design is no simple matter, and simply by observation of stock heatsinks, a few generalities can be observed. Most heat sinks are made from aluminum, and while the most common explanation for this is the price of copper versus the price of aluminum, that's not the whole picture. All heat sinks have a property called emissivity, or the effectiveness of a material in emitting thermal radiation. When it comes to the emissivity of heat sinks and radiators, color is important. The radiator in your car is painted black, and the heatsink on your CPU is most likely black anodized aluminum. Copper cannot be anodized and short of artificially oxidizing their copper foam, the Silent Power team can do nothing to improve the efficiency of their chosen material.
Another consideration in the design of heat sinks is the area of the fins. The fins on every heat sink have something called a ‘boundary layer,' or an area where heat is transferred from the metal to the air. A lot of time and resources have been dedicated towards calculating the ideal size, shape, and spacing of fins in a heat sink to optimize heat transfer with this boundary layer in mind. A copper foam is not an ideal heat sink. The boundary layer for all the cells in the foam quickly reaches capacity; after that, radiating any more heat is impossible.
This is, quite literally, one of the worst possible heat sinks imaginable.
Previously Found On Indiegogo
While being a crowdfunded project, Silent Power can't be found on any of the regular sites like Kickstarter or Indiegogo. They're doing the crowdfunding by themselves, asking everyone to contribute towards production via Paypal. The plan is simple: send some money to them via PayPal, and when they receive €45,000, they'll start production. If they don't receive the funds necessary, they'll refund all of the potential buyers, minus PayPal fees.
Read that last paragraph again and tell me if that's a reasonable deal. There are things called, ‘investors' and ‘loans' that might also work in this situation, doubly so if you're running a business.
It's certainly an unorthodox way of raising money for a project, and with a little bit of googling, you quickly find the reason why. Here's the link to their previous Indiegogo campaign. That campaign was pulled down by the Indiegogo, “‘without warning and justification,” according to the team. If anyone can find a cache of that campaign somewhere, I'll gladly link to it.
Yesterday, the Silent Power team hit a bit of a snag. Paypal froze their account. Yes, this means all the funds to be used in the development of this project are now locked away, and yes, this means the team has no funds to develop the project further.
That doesn't mean the Silent Power team is calling it quits just yet: they're still accepting payments and pre-orders to a frozen Paypal account, ready to start production when their account is unfrozen. The mind reels.
Wrap Up
This is only a cursory assessment of this project, and far from a complete look at the failings of the Silent Power PC. There's much, much more to talk about here but really only one word that can describe the totality of this project: insane.
I would like to take a few words to point out that this is a critical assessment that comments on the engineering and design of the Silent Power PC, something the rest of the tech blogosphere didn't seem to manage. In no particular order, here is a list of blogs that have taken an uncritical look at the Silent Power PC, without taking the effort to determine if it is real or not:
There is really nothing more for me to say, but there are still dozens of reasons why this project will never see the light of day. Comments welcome below.
MISSISSAUGA — It's mission accomplished for Mississauga's Muslim community.
On Sunday, officials with the Mississauga Muslim Community group - a loose affiliation of the city's wider Muslim community - presented Trillium Health Partners Foundation representatives with $70,000 raised from the group's annual Family Day Walk-a-thon. The donation makes good on a pledge to raise $250,000 over five years for the foundation to improve Trillium Health Partners hospitals.
In fact, it took them just four years to raise the quarter million dollars.
"We're so humbled to share this initiative with the Mississauga community as we raise funds for our local hospital," said Erin Mills' Abdul Qayyum Mufti, chair of the walkathon.
"This event started in our city and, since then, has now become a national movement. We couldn't be more proud. When we get together to make a difference in health care, we too are helping to change our world for the better. Reaching our goal of $250,000 under five years has been a true honour for us and we know funds from this year are going towards a worthy cause that we're delighted to be a part of."
Funds raised from the recent walk will go to support the emergency department at Credit Valley Hospital. Money raised in the past has gone to other critical health care priorities.
"We're thankful to the Mississauga Muslim Community for hosting another successful event in support of Trillium Health Partners," said Steve Hoscheit, president and CEO of Trillium Health Partners Foundation. "Our emergency department currently receives more than 250,000 visits each year - the most in the province. Despite this, we continue to be a leader in reducing (emergency department) wait times. Thanks to the support of our community, our hospital can continue to meet the growing demand and provide exceptional care, right here at home."
Mufti said the grassroots fundraising campaign was designed to get the community working together for the benefit of everyone.
"It was neighbours helping neighbours and working together for a noble cause," said Mufti.
Over a thousand people took part in the walkathon on Sunday (Feb. 23), which had the theme of 'Our Children, Our Hope.'
Pin +1 0 Shares
Is control in the bedroom related to power in the relationship?
Power dynamics are a relatively common element of sexual fantasy.1 Some individuals enjoy being sexually dominant – they derive satisfaction from exerting power or control over their sexual partners. Others enjoy being sexually submissive – they are satisfied when their sexual partners exert power over them. But the reader poses an intriguing question: do a couple's power dynamics within the bedroom mirror their power dynamics outside the bedroom?
Media portrayals of dominant/submissive sexual activities often suggest that these power dynamics do permeate the couple's entire relationship. For example, Christian Grey in 50 Shades of Grey exerted control over his lover Ana not only sexually, but in all domains of her life, right down to what she wore or what she ate. He even decided what time she should go to bed! However, a growing amount of research suggests that this portrayal of sexual dominance and submission is generally inaccurate. For example, Browning and colleagues recently conducted a study on people in romantic relationships.2 They measured the participants' dominant and submissive motivations for wanting to have sex with their partners (i.e., liking sex because they like controlling versus being controlled by their partners). The researchers found that neither dominant nor submissive sexual desires correlated with how much power the participants felt they had in other areas of their romantic relationships. In other words, just because a person felt dominant in the sexual domain does not mean that they felt dominant in other areas of the relationship.
Another team of researchers examined dominant and submissive themes in people's sexual fantasies, and then assessed associations between these themes and various beliefs and attitudes.1 In particular, the researchers examined traditional beliefs toward women, with items like, “Women should worry less about their rights and more about becoming good wives and mothers” (offensive, I know). Dominant and submissive sexual desires did not correlate with these attitudes toward women, either for men or for women. This suggests that, in real life, a man with sexual desires like Christian Grey's (i.e., desires of being sexually dominant or sexually in-charge) would be just as likely as the next guy to want an equal, equitable relationship with his partner outside the bedroom. Similarly, a woman with sexual desires like Ana (i.e., to be sexually submissive or sexually controlled) would likely be just as off-put as the next woman by Christian's long list of non-sexual demands.
Interested in learning more about relationships? Click here for other topics on Science of Relationships. Like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter to get our articles delivered directly to your NewsFeed.
1Zurbriggen, E. L., & Yost, M. R. (2004). Power, desire, and pleasure in sexual fantasies. Journal of Sex Research, 41, 288-300.
2Browning, J. R., Kessler, D., Hatfield, E., & Choo, P. (1999). Power, gender, and sexual behavior. The Journal of Sex Research, 36, 342-347.
Samantha Joel – Science of Relationships articles
Samantha's research examines how people make decisions about their romantic relationships. For example, what sort of factors does people take into consideration when they try to decide whether to pursue a potential date, invest in a new relationship, or break up with a romantic partner?
image source: blindgossip.com
Story highlights The intense hurricane season is all too familiar for Bush
Bush has been actively posting on social media about the hurricanes
(CNN) Jeb Bush offered some rare praise Friday for President Donald Trump and the way he's handling two back-to-back hurricanes.
"President Trump has done a good job keeping, showing his concern for the victims of Harvey and I'm sure he'll do the same (for Irma)," the former two-term Florida governor said on CNN's "New Day." "The key, though, is to make sure Washington's here for the long haul, for the long-term recovery of our state."
The intense hurricane season is all too familiar for Bush, who dealt with the catastrophic storm seasons of 2004 and 2005, in which eight hurricanes and four tropical storms slammed into Florida. He won accolades for his leadership at the time and it became a selling point he sought to highlight during his unsuccessful bid for president in 2016.
As Harvey pounded the Texas coast and as Irma has approached Florida, Bush has routinely been in touch with state and local officials, according to an aide to the former governor. He's also been talking with the staff and teams he worked with in the 2004-2005 hurricanes, including Craig Fugate, who previously served as director of Florida's Emergency Management Division and later went on to head FEMA during President Barack Obama's administration.
Bush -- who's sheltering in place for Irma in his hometown of Coral Gables, Florida -- has been actively posting on social media. His Twitter feed is full of information about evacuations, retweets of government warnings, human interest articles from the aftermath of Harvey and links to volunteer and donation campaigns.
Read More
TUV leader Jim Allister has denied there is a contradiction between his desire to scrap the petition of concern and his willingness to use the controversial voting tool to block same-sex marriage.
Mr Allister said the petition was itself a contradiction of the normal democratic process, but insisted it was not the only “abnormality”.
“Let's clear out all the abnormalities but if we can't do that then why be selective,” he said.
The North Antrim candidate's remarks come amid renewed debate on the fate of the petition.
The DUP, which has repeatedly used the mechanism to block changes to marriage laws and on a range of other issues, signalled last year that it would like to see it scrapped. Sinn Fein, which has also used the petition, has insisted it should be retained, but only used for its original purpose - protecting minorities.
If 30 MLAs sign a petition, a proposal can only pass if it is supported by a majority of both unionists and nationalists. Mr Allister said he would be willing to add his name to a petition in certain circumstances.
“I would like to see all the abnormalities rooted out of Stormont, including mandatory coalition, and when that went there would be no possible place for a petition of concern if you were moving to a regular system of government,” he said.
“But you can't cherry pick the abnormalities. You can't say we are going to get rid of this one but keep this one.
“If it still existed and it came down to me to decide whether or not same-sex marriage is going to be introduced in Northern Ireland, though I have never to date signed a petition of concern, because generally I find them a distasteful mechanism. But if faced with that, if none of the other abnormalities has been removed I think I probably would sign that petition because I don't want to see same-sex marriage.”
Mr Allister said if a major reform of Stormont's structures spelt the end of the petition and, as a consequence, changes to both marriage and abortion laws were ushered in, that would be something he would have to accept.
He said: “I would be very vexed and unhappy and would fight it tooth and nail and I would seek to use every device in the parliamentary process to thwart it, but if at the end of the day those whom the people had elected decided that this is what they wanted to do, much as I would detest it, it is something I would have to accept as the reality.”
Mr Allister said he remained steadfastly opposed to any relaxation of Northern Ireland's strict abortion laws, including in cases where there has been a diagnosis of fatal foetal abnormality.
“Let's say a child with anencephaly is born, its heart is beating, blood is pumping round its body, it's not going to live very long - maybe an hour, maybe two hours, maybe two days. Is anyone going to step forward and say ‘let's kill it'?
“If you are not prepared to kill it outside the womb, why should you kill it inside the womb?”
Reflecting on the triggering of the snap Assembly election, Mr Allister believes Brexit was more of a factor in Sinn Fein's decision to pull the plug on Stormont, rather than the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) furore. He said republicans viewed the EU as way to harmonise the island of Ireland.
“Now that that has been called to a sudden halt and we are probably embarking on deharmonisation because we will go our own way, I think Sinn Fein has reckoned to themselves ‘do we want to be in a government which by necessity is going to no longer be harmonising across Ireland but perhaps having to deharmonise'.”
In regard to his opposition to an Irish language act, the former barrister said one of his main concerns was the potential use of Irish in court cases.
“There are 12 men and women in the jury and not one of them speak Irish, so every word has to be translated,” he said.
“He (the defendant) gives his evidence in Irish, it has to be translated. But in the translation you lose the entire nuance of what is being said. Very often, particularly in cross-examination, it's how a witness says something, it's how they respond, as well as what they actually say, which gives the jury the picture and they see what sort of person they are dealing with, either sincere or otherwise.
“If you strip out all of that nuance, then justice suffers - never mind the cost.”
Child suffered bite wounds to her legs after attack on Fraser Island in Queensland
Two dingoes have been caught and destroyed after they mauled a three-year-old girl on an Australian beach, officials said.
The girl suffered bites to her legs when the wild dogs attacked her on Monday after she wandered away from her family and into sand dunes on Fraser Island in north-eastern Queensland state.
Two dogs blamed for the attack were trapped on Tuesday and put down humanely, environment department general manager Terry Harper said.
More than 200 dingoes live on Fraser Island, a popular tourist spot about 155 miles (250km) north of Brisbane.
Fraser Island is thought to be among the last refuges for purebred dingoes, and they are a protected species in the national park that covers the island. Dingoes are also protected in some other parts of Australia, though in many places dingoes that have crossbred with feral dogs are killed as pests because they attack sheep and cattle.
The child was lucky to escape with "only" bite wounds, according to the Sydney Morning Herald. Although attacks on humans are relatively rare, visitors to Fraser Island are warned not to feed the dingoes and to leave the animals alone.
"This is a very timely reminder for everybody about how important it is to stay very close to your children on Fraser Island," Harper said. "Adults should always stay very close to their children. We know that [children] do excite dingoes."
A nine-year-old boy was killed by dingoes on Fraser Island in 2001, prompting the culling of more than two dozen dogs and an overhaul of conservation practices, including warnings about human interaction with the animals.
The most famous dingo attack in Australia was in 1980, when Lindy Chamberlain reported seeing a dog carry her infant daughter, Azaria, away from a tent during a camping trip to Uluru (formerly known as Ayers Rock).
Chamberlain was tried for murder before a series of appeals and judicial inquiries exonerated her and found the dingo claims to be true. Her child's body was never found. The story was made into the 1988 film A Cry in the Dark, which earned Meryl Streep an Oscar nomination.
Zachary Benson (pictured) told a Secret Service he was sorry for the tweet but he was not a violent person and had no intention of following through with the threat
A 24-year-old man from Ohio has been charged in a federal court after tweeting a threat to assassinate President-elect Donald Trump on election night.
Zachary Benson, from Fairview Park in Cleveland, posted the remark on Twitter a few minutes before the Republican nominee was declared the winner of last week's election.
Benson tweeted: 'My life goal is to assassinate Trump. Don't care if I serve infinite sentences. That man deserves to decease (sic) existing.'
Seconds earlier he tweeted: 'Diplomacy. F***ing fools. I hate you all. I want to bomb every one of your voting booths and your general areas.'
Benson was arrested a few hours later and interviewed by the Secret Service.
After the results were announced, many of those who opposed Trump rushed to Twitter to call for his assassination. But Benson is believed to be the first person to be charged in connection with one of those tweets.
The Cleveland Plain Dealer reported that Benson told the Secret Service agent he spent election night drinking and eating at a restaurant with his father and a friend.
He got back home and was watching the election results on TV in his bedroom when he tweeted the remarks.
Benson said he had no intention of following through with the threat and was 'just frustrated thinking about how President-elect Trump's policies could affect his job'.
He apparently deleted the tweets when he woke up in the morning, but the Secret Service had already been tipped off about them.
Donald Trump carried the swing state of Ohio, which includes Cleveland, continuing the trend that 'no Republican candidate has ever won the presidency without winning Ohio'
But he has now been charged with making a threat to a successor to the presidency.
Benson made his first appearance in court yesterday and is thought to be in custody, pending a bail hearing.
This Saturday (6th December), members of Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Interpol, Anthony & The Johnsons and more are to play a benefit show at Brooklyn's Baby's All Right venue.
The event has a bit of a twist though: it's the fifth annual Brooklyn Rock Lottery, in which 25 musicians draw names, form new bands between them, write songs and then perform them the same night.
Participants for this edition of the lottery include Interpol's keyboard player Brandon Curtis, Brian Chase of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and Julia Kent of Anthony & The Johnsons, while Les Savy Fav's Tim Harrington will MC.
All proceeds from the event will go to the Harmony Program, a non-profit organisation that provides after-school music classes to those with limited access to musical education.
Tickets for the event are sold out, but donations to the Harmony Program can still be made here.
Now free from the snow, Interpol are set to play a run of UK dates in February.
Foto: Chris Ratcliffe / Bloomberg News
RIO E São Paulo - O dólar comercial mostrou recuperação no período da tarde desta terça-feira, após atingir a mínima de R$ 2,883 perto do meio-dia. A moeda americana fechou cotada a R$ 2,942 para compra e a R$ 2,944 para venda, alta de 0,75% ante o real, após cinco quedas consecutivas. Já a Bolsa de Valores de São Paulo (Bovespa) teve alta de 0,50% em seu índice de referência Ibovespa, aos 55.812 pontos.
Receba as newsletters do Globo: Digite as letras da imagem: Trocar imagem Cadastrar Já recebe a newsletter diária? Veja mais opções
Na avaliação de analistas, essa alta está ligada a dois fatores. O primeiro é político, com o governo dando sinalizações de que pode ceder em alguns pontos do ajuste fiscal . O outro é um movimento de ajuste, em que os investidores aproveitam para realizar lucro e também buscam proteção às vésperas da divulgação de informações importantes na quarta-feira. Pela manhã, será divulgado o Produto Interno Bruto (PIB) dos Estados Unidos e, à tarde, o Federal Reserve (Fed, o bc americano) irá soltar o seu comunicado sobre política monetária. Esses acontecimentos devem ter efeito no mercado global de câmbio. Além disso, após o fechamento do mercado, o Banco Central irá anunciar a alta dos juros - atualmente a Selic está em 12,75% ao ano.
— A possibilidade do governo ceder no ajuste fiscal teve algum impacto. E tem também uma realização de lucros. Além disso, o entendimento é que o dólar abaixo de R$ 3 não ajuda a atividade exportadora — disse Felipe Silva, analista da Saga Capital.
João Medeiros, diretor da Pionner Corretora de Câmbio, lembra que os investidores também estão testando novos pisos e máximas para a moeda. Para ele, um dólar baixo não colabora para o ajuste das contas externas.
— O dólar está caindo no mundo to-do. O que acontece neste pregão é um movimento de ajuste. Além disso, o volume de negócios está fraco, o que dificulta a queda da cotação — explicou.
O comportamento da divisa no Brasil no período da tarde se descolou do movimento externo. O dólar perdeu valor frente a todas as 16 principais divisas globais. O índice Dollar Spot, da Bloomberg, que mede a força frente a uma cesta de dez moedas, caiu 0,66%.
Na avaliação de Emílio Garofalo, diretor do Banco Ourinvest, parte do recuo do dólar nos últimos pregões está atrelada ao cenário menos pessimista para a economia brasileira e ao adiamento do aumento de juros nos Estados Unidos, que deve ocorrer não mais em meados do ano, e sim no final de 2015 ou mesmo em 2016.
— A economia dos Estados Unidos está melhor, mas não tanto assim. A economia do Brasil está ruim, mas não tanto quanto parecia no primeiro trimestre. E a Petrobras está em uma situação difícil, mas não vai deixar de existir — disse sobre as mudanças de expectativas, lembrando que se em março o movimento de alta do dólar foi exagerado, o mesmo ocorre no sentido contrário.
VALE E CONSTRUTORAS PUXAM QUEDA DO IBOVESPA
As ações da Petrobras e dos bancos contribuíram para a alta do Ibovespa nesta terça-feira. A estatal teve valorização de 1,58% (PN), enquanto as ordinárias ficaram estáveis. Já as preferenciais do Itaú Unibanco subiram 1,01% e as do Bradesco avançaram 1,53%. A alta foi mais tímida no Banco do Brasil, 0,37%. O Santander, que divulgou o balanço nesta terça-feira, viu as units subirem 6,06%.
Entre as ações mais negociadas, puxou para baixo o pregão o desempenho da Vale e das construtoras. A mineradora registrou queda de 3,87% (ordinárias, com direito a voto) e de 0,37% (preferencial, sem voto). A empresa vinha de uma alta superior a 30% na semana passada por causa da valorização do minério de ferro.
— A queda mais evidente hoje é da Vale, que disparou na semana passada e divulgará resultados trimestrais na quinta-feira. A Petrobras também caiu pela manhã dentro dessa mesma conjuntura de realização — afirmou Ari Santos, gerente de mesa Bovespa da corretora H. Commcor.
Santos também acredita que as novas restrições à compra de imóvel usado impostas pela Caixa Econômica Federal (CEF) impactaram o desempenho das construtoras no pregão. A Cyrela caiu 3,03%, a Even recuou 4,77%, a Gafisa teve baixa de 3,73% e a MRV caiu 2,90%.
— Mesmo que elas vendam imóveis novos, as restrições nos usados pode dificultar muito os planos de quem quer se desfazer de um apartamento para comprar outro novo — acrescentou.
BOLSAS EUROPEIAS EM BAIXA
Na agenda doméstica, os investidores repercutiram os números do mercado de trabalho divulgados pela manhã, que voltaram a apresentar alta do desemprego. Em março, a taxa de desocupação nas seis principais regiões metropolitanas do país foi de 6,2%, segundo o IBGE.
Na Europa, as Bolsas fecharam em queda puxadas pelo desempenho ruim de empresas farmacêuticas e de alguns bancos e pela economia britânica, cujo crescimento trimestral foi o menor desde 2012. O FTSE 100, da Bolsa de Londres, recuou 1,03%, a de Paris registrou baixa de 1,81% e a de Frankfurt, de 1,89%. A economia britânica cresceu 0,3% no primeiro trimestre do ano, enquanto economistas esperavam expansão de 0,5%.
Nos Estados Unidos, o Dow Jones subiu 0,40% e o S&P 500 teve alta de 0,28%.
“A Grand Slam… The Best Speech of His Life” … “Home Run of a Speech” … “The Most Impressive Speech
of His Fledgling Political Career” … “Remarkable”
New York Post: “President Trump Hit a Grand Slam… The Best Speech of His Life and the Most Remarkable Speech in Decades by a Chief Executive to a Joint Session of Congress.” “President Trump hit a grand slam Tuesday night, with the best speech of his life and the most remarkable speech in decades by a chief executive to a joint session of Congress.” (Editorial, “Trump Delivered a Grand Slam of a Speech to the Nation,” New York Post, 3/1/17)
Arizona Republic: “Trump's Best Day in the White House… This Man Looked Presidential…” “This was Trump's best day in the White House, because for the first time he expressed a desire to unify the country without baiting his speech with insults for his opponents. … This man looked presidential.” (Editorial, “The Night Trump Became Our President,” Arizona Republic, 3/1/17)
Springfield (MA) Republican: “[Trump] Turned Presidential… Frequently Hopeful, Envisioning a Brighter Future for America and Americans…” “Donald Trump became president on Jan. 20. Forty days later, he turned presidential. … He still talked of building a wall on our nation's border with Mexico, and spoke of the ravages of crime and drugs across the land, but he was also frequently hopeful, envisioning a brighter future for America and Americans.” (Editorial, “Trump Hits Reset Button With Address to Congress,” Springfield Republican, 3/1/17)
Minneapolis Star Tribune: “Struck an Inspiring, Even Bipartisan Tone…” “What Americans will take away from Tuesday's address is a president who at last struck an inspiring, even bipartisan tone, who asked Americans to be unafraid to dream of ‘American footprints on distant worlds,' and of a country where having ‘millions lifted from welfare to work, mothers safe from fear, schools where children learn in peace' is ‘not too much to ask.'” (Editorial, “Does Trump's New Tone Signal a Real Shift?,” Minneapolis Star Tribune, 2/28/17)
Deseret News: “President Donald Trump's Speech Struck a Tone of Unity and Optimism…” “President Donald Trump's speech struck a tone of unity and optimism while advocating for the unique mixture of political positions that fueled Trump's rise to the White House.” (Editorial, “Pres. Trump's Otherwise Laudatory Speech Missed an Opportunity to Address Entitlement Reform,” Deseret News, 3/1/17)
Albuquerque Journal: “President Donald Trump Delivered an Optimistic Message to the Nation…” “In a welcome departure from his previous public speeches, President Donald Trump delivered an optimistic message to the nation Tuesday, promising a new era of prosperity, a new approach to immigration, rebuilding of America's infrastructure, a strengthening of the military, an overhaul of the nation's health care system and tax code and, most notably, ‘a new chapter of American greatness.'” (Editorial, “Poised, Disciplined Trump a Welcome Change Of Pace,” Albuquerque Journal, 3/2/17)
Omaha World-Herald: “[Trump] Stood Up for His Beliefs, But Did So While Striking a Presidential Tone.” (Editorial, “Trump Shows Presidential Side,” Omaha World-Herald, 3/2/17)
Tulsa World: “We Congratulate the President On a Good Speech…” “We congratulate the president on a good speech and urge him to use it in his own best interest and that of the nation.” (Editorial, “Trump's Speech Offers an Opportunity for a New Start,” Tulsa World, 3/2/17)
Charleston (WV) Daily Mail: “Home Run of a Speech…” “Members of the D.C. punditocracy gave President Donald Trump his due following his home run of a speech before both houses of Congress Tuesday night.” (Editorial, “What a Difference a Speech Makes,” Charleston Daily Mail, 3/2/17)
Lakeland (FL) Ledger: “President Donald Trump Delivered the Most Impressive Speech of His Fledgling Political Career…” “President Donald Trump delivered the most impressive speech of his fledgling political career Tuesday night — one that blended familiar policy themes with some new ideas, offered a descriptive assessment of the ‘earthquake' that propelled him to victory last November, extended an olive branch to naysayers and recounted a long list of what he sees as his achievements after just 40 days in office.” (Editorial, “Trump's Theme Evident Without Being Spoken,” Lakeland Ledger, 3/2/17)
Toledo Blade: “[Trump's] Style Is Direct and Not Eloquent. But It Is Sincere and Powerful.” (Editorial, “Something Beats Contempt,” Toledo Blade, 3/2/17)
Providence Journal: “Trump Exceeded Expectations with a Well-Written Speech…” “But even by that standard, Mr. Trump exceeded expectations with a well-written speech that re-introduced, in a less harsh manner, the same themes he has been pounding for more than a year.” (Editorial, “President Trump's Speech to Congress,” Providence Journal, 3/1/17)
Washington Times: “Remarkable Speech…” “Donald Trump's remarkable speech to Congress was notable for its tone, the public reaction it engendered and the way it left so may critical listeners speechless.” (Editorial, “Trump's Second Chance,” Washington Times, 3/1/17)
Stuart Pearce has questioned the selection of Ross Barkley and Luke Shaw in England's World Cup squad, claiming the younger contingent picked by Roy Hodgson need guaranteed playing time and would have benefited more from remaining in the Under-21 set-up.
Pearce, who coached the England Under-21s at four European Championships between 2007 and 2013, voiced concerns that other countries have a better structure for youth progression, saying international teams below senior level should have the chance to play together for a number of years and learn how to approach tournament football before elevation to the full squad.
Barkley, Shaw and Raheem Sterling all featured in Wednesday's World Cup warm-up match against Ecuador in Miami. Sterling was sent off 14 minutes after coming on as a second-half substitute while Shaw and Barkley started the 2-2 draw, the Everton midfielder impressing and setting up Rickie Lambert for the second goal.
Hodgson said Barkley still has “got a lot to learn” and tempered the expectations surrounding the 20-year-old, but Pearce believes he should not have been selected at all. “At this moment in time we've got a national team at senior level that have not won anything for 48 years,” said Pearce, speaking before the Ecuador friendly. “If you look around Europe, at the French or the Spanish, before they won a World Cup or European Championship they were champions at Under-19 or Under-21 level. That tells me that they are building from the bottom.
“If you are going to upgrade someone to a higher age group, be aware that their mentality will mean they won't want to come back down and play in the Under-21 championship. That's a fact. It means you go to an Under-21 tournament with so many players missing like last time and you can't win anything. It means you consistently don't win anything in the underage groups and that means you can't win anything at senior level.”
On the selection of Barkley, Shaw and Sterling, Pearce – who will work as a pundit for TalkSport during the World Cup – said: “The culmination of minutes that Ross has played this season for the senior team, bearing in mind he's been in every senior squad, he's played less than 90 minutes.
“Does that mean he's had great experience sitting in the stands or does it mean he's missed six or seven Under-21 qualifiers and the experience of international football. I know where I would have left him.
“Shaw has had a very good season but I personally would still have taken Ashley Cole. Shaw missed the Toulon tournament and an Under-21 qualifier. I think he'd be better suited there. Sterling has more chance [to play], I can see the argument with him.”
Pearce, who will officially take up his new position as Nottingham Forest manager in July, departed the England Under-21s after their disappointing campaign at Euro 2013, when the team lost every match. In the aftermath of the tournament Pearce criticised a number of players for their attitudes, blaming “apathy” from some who had featured for the full England team.
Hodgson was impressed with Barkley's display against Ecuador but does not want the midfielder to become over-hyped and the subject of attention when he believes other players have warranted praise as well.
“He's got drive, he's got energy, but he's got a lot to learn as well, not least of all when he needs to release the ball, when he can turn with it, when he just needs to secure it, because for every good turn there was a time when he lost the ball and put us on the back foot defensively,” said Hodgson.
“But I'm sure he'll be happy with his performance, as a first one for 90 minutes, and I think he justified the fact I've taken him with us on this adventure we're embarking on, because a player of his type, with the confidence and who is prepared to take an awful lot of risks with the ball, there will be times in the game when we need him. He's a talented boy, I'm not criticising him. I'm just making certain that people don't get too carried away.”
Asked if he was cooling the expectations of the younger players, Hodgson said: “You've got to do that. Because I know that before he becomes Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard and gets 100 caps – and the same goes for Sterling, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Shaw, Smalling and Jones – they've got a lot of growing to do.”
Ben Jacobs, a reporter for The Guardian, said the episode occurred during an interview at Mr. Gianforte's campaign headquarters. Mr. Jacobs said Mr. Gianforte “body-slammed” him when pressed on a question about the Republicans' health care bill.
Members of a Fox News television crew witnessed the encounter, and in a firsthand account posted on the network's website, one of the Fox journalists described Mr. Gianforte as “punching the reporter.”
“As Gianforte moved on top of Jacobs, he began yelling something to the effect of, ‘I'm sick and tired of this!'” according to the Fox News account.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Jacobs said Mr. Gianforte became agitated when asked about the Congressional Budget Office's new fiscal assessment of the legislation that House Republicans have passed to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Gianforte initially sidestepped the question, according to an audio recording of the episode Mr. Jacobs posted , suggesting the reporter speak with his spokesman. But when Mr. Jacobs persisted, the candidate lost his composure.
“I'm sick and tired of you guys!” Mr. Gianforte can be heard saying on the recording shortly after the sounds of a physical struggle and a crash. “The last time you came here you did the same thing. Get the hell out of here. Get the hell out of here.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Jacobs responded: “You just body-slammed me and broke my glasses.”
“Get the hell out of here,” Mr. Gianforte said again. Mr. Jacobs said he would report the episode to the authorities and asked for the names of the other individuals in the room. Then the tape ends.
In a statement, Mr. Gianforte's spokesman offered a strikingly different version of events.
“After asking Jacobs to lower the recorder, Jacobs declined,” said Shane Scanlon, Mr. Gianforte's spokesman. “Greg then attempted to grab the phone that was pushed in his face. Jacobs grabbed Greg's wrist and spun away from Greg, pushing them both to the ground.”
Mr. Gianforte is not heard on the recording requesting that Mr. Jacobs lower the recorder.
Another witness, BuzzFeed's Alexis Levinson, said: “Ben walked into a room where a local TV crew was set up for an interview with Gianforte,” Ms. Levinson wrote on Twitter. “All of a sudden I heard a giant crash and saw Ben's feet fly in the air as he hit the floor.”
Mr. Gianforte never spoke at his own event, witnesses said, remaining behind closed doors and leaving after local police officers arrived, well before the gathering was supposed to conclude.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Levinson said officers took statements from witnesses.
If convicted, Mr. Gianforte faces up to a $500 fine, or six months in jail, or both.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Three hours to the west, in Missoula, Mr. Quist, the Democratic nominee for the seat, which was vacated by Ryan Zinke when he became the Interior Department secretary, seemed taken by surprise when he was asked about the episode.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“That's really not for me to talk about; I think that's more a matter for law enforcement,” Mr. Quist said.
But the House Democratic campaign arm quickly seized on the episode, calling on Mr. Gianforte to “immediately withdraw” from the race.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The newspapers were swift in withdrawing their endorsements of the Republican candidate, with The Missoulian saying that Mr. Gianforte “should lose the confidence of all Montanans.”
The Billings Gazette's editorial board released a blistering statement. The board's members said they were “at a loss for words.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We will not stand by that kind of violence, period,” The Gazette said.
Mr. Gianforte ran for governor in Montana last year, his first bid for office after amassing a fortune as a technology executive.
Earlier Wednesday, after a rally in Helena, he spoke briefly with a reporter in between greeting supporters. He immediately turned to his spokesman when approached, but he did respond to a question about the role of President Trump in the race.
While Montana is a Republican-leaning state and Mr. Gianforte has been enjoying an advantage in private polling here, the campaign of Mr. Quist, a banjo-strumming folk singer, has caught fire with national progressive activists. He raised over $6 million despite receiving little help from Democrats in Washington.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Much of that money, though, came in well after Republicans had been on the air here criticizing Mr. Quist.
Write A Comment
After the incident, Mr. Jacobs had journalism on his mind during a telephone interview from the Bozeman hospital where he was getting an X-ray on his elbow.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Wait till my piece goes up,” he asked before getting off the phone, “don't scoop me on this.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- A new art project at Virginia Commonwealth University is aimed to be a sign of unity and peace during a time of negativity and political divisiveness.
The art installation is called "The Unity Project" and features 32 poles arranged in a circle outside of the James Branch Cabell Library on the Monroe Park Campus.
Each pole is labeled with phrases or social identifiers like, “I speak English as a second language,” “I'm a parent,” or “I identify as LGBTQ.”
Participants then tie yarn to each pole that speaks to them. As the yarn is added the interconnected strings forms a canopy, which demonstrates how everyone is unique yet connected with others.
The idea for the project was sparked from artist Nancy Belmont, who created the first UNITY Project art installation in Alexandria, Virginia in June.
Since then, the project has been replicated in nearly 600 cities in 21 countries around the world.
“What you get in the end is this really lovely interconnected web and what we hope that will accomplish is to provide a symbol for our campus and for our larger community, for coming together after such a really difficult and divided election season,” said Jennifer Elswick, special projects and communications coordinator for the Department of Psychology.
The Unity Project was launched Thursday and will run through Sunday.
“We'd like to invite the entire VCU community as well as our RVA community down to campus,” said Elswick.
The installation will take place each day from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. in front of Cabell Library.
For more information about the project, click here.
Picotto Knights, An Online Action RPG For Vita, May Be Heading To The West
By Spencer . September 7, 2012 . 1:07am
Aww… look at that wizard and dude with a giant chakram. Behind the cute costumes, Picotto Knights from Game Arts and NHN Hangame is an action RPG meets a beat 'em up. After you create a custom knight you can master one of the game's eight weapons. Then join your Vita owning buddies either through Wi-Fi or 3G to fight dragons together. Picotto Knights will be available on September 20 on Japan's PlayStation Store. It's a free to play game with additional items you can buy for real world money.
GungHo and NHN haven't announced if they will bring Picotto Knights to North America or Europe, but it looks like they're planning to. GungHo filed a trademark for Picotto Knights in the US trademark database. Perhaps, an announcement will be made at Tokyo Game Show since the game will launch during the event?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, MO (KTVI)-- Two people were shot this afternoon possibly with a high-powered rifle fired from an overpass in north St. Louis.
This happened around 3pm Thursday in the area of Adelaide and Hall. Both victims were located two different vehicles.
Police say a man in his 50s suffered a gunshot wound to the chest. He was pronounced dead at a hospital.
A second victim suffered a gunshot wound to the torso. He is conscious and was taken to the hospital.
The overpass at Adelaide and Hall is being closed to vehicle traffic as of now.
Witnesses told police the gunman was waiting for a car to come over the hill. The victims that were shot were not the intended target.
Police are searching for two suspects seen wearing a ski mask. The suspect vehicle is a black Dodge Charger.
Police say well over 50 shots were fired at the scene.
Gov. John Hickenlooper suggested Thursday he may veto two red-light camera bills sent to his desk in the final hours of the legislative session.
The controversial measures — one to ban red-light cameras and photo radar outright and another to put them to a local vote — are designed to call his bluff about his veto threat from earlier in the session.
Hickenlooper, in an unusual move for him, outlined his concerns about the bills in a letter to lawmakers as they moved through the chambers, setting clear parameters on what he would sign.
Now with the bills in his queue, the Democrat said he will review them, and “if it goes against the letter, certainly I will veto it.”
His remarks came a day after the General Assembly adjourned the 120-day term — one in which the governor played a prominent role in shaping legislation.
Hickenlooper touted bipartisan compromises on most of his legislative agenda, including the passage of a bill to make repeated drunken-driving offenses a felony, a measure to reduce student testing and more money for oil and gas inspectors.
Despite the focus on the fractured legislature, he said lawmakers “proved that having a split house doesn't mean you have a divided Colorado.”
House Republican leader Brian DelGrosso said the governor managed to stay above the fray because the partisan split in the Democratic-led House and the Republican-majority Senate neutered most controversial measures.
“The reality is he doesn't have to make a lot of tough decisions,” the Loveland lawmaker said.
The dynamic left major issues unresolved, and the governor lamented the failure of bills to limit lawsuits for faulty home construction, address the state's budget knot and continue an award-winning program that provides long-acting contraception to women at little to no cost.
Hickenlooper said lawmakers were “tantalizingly close to finding a deal” on construction defects and Democratic and Republican legislative leaders vowed to revisit the issue in 2016.
House Speaker Dickey Lee Hullinghorst of Boulder said she will keep alive a Hickenlooper-endorsed plan to remove the fees paid by hospitals from state revenue collections to make room for more transportation and education funding within the Taxpayer's Bill of Rights spending limits.
“That's one of the things I'm the most sorry about that did not pass out of the Senate,” the Boulder Democrat said. “We are facing a budget crisis without finding a way to address our revenues coming up against the TABOR cap.”
Senate President Bill Cadman, R-Colorado Springs, has called it one of the worst ideas Democrats advanced this session.
On red-light cameras, the bills didn't split along traditional party lines, and Republican and Democratic leaders suggest vetoes would only keep the issue alive for next year.
“I think this may be one area where the governor and the legislature disagree,” Hullinghorst said.
John Frank: 303-954-2409, jfrank@denverpost.com or twitter.com/ByJohnFrank
Staff writers Lynn Bartels and Joey Bunch contributed to this report.
Hickenlooper's agenda
Democratic Gov. John Hickenlooper debuted a legislative agenda in his State of the State address at the start of the session and built on it as the term continued, endorsing certain measures. Here's a look at 10 of his biggest agenda items and how he fared.
Budget (SB 234) — Passed. The governor's administration largely received what it requested but did not get three key priorities: $30 million for a college scholarship program, all 130 child welfare caseworkers and a $200 million one-time payment to school districts.
Felony DUI (HB 1043) — Passed. The governor made this a priority, and lawmakers credited him with helping to push it across the finish line after five years of attempts.
Ballot measures (HB 1057) — Passed. Hickenlooper had to convince Democratic and Republican skeptics to advance a requirement that citizen-initiated ballot measures include a fiscal impact statement from legislative council analysts.
Oil and gas task force (SB 234) — Passed. Hickenlooper's oil and gas task force report recommended new regulators in two state agencies. Both were included in the budget process.
Testing (HB 1323) — Passed. The governor made his stance clear and fought to maintain a ninth-grade statewide assessment, much to the frustration of conservative Republican lawmakers. The final version is one he is likely to sign.
Economic development (SB 282) — Passed. To boost distressed rural economies, the governor backed a bill to offer tax incentives to new out-of-state companies that locate and create jobs in certain areas.
Hospital provider fee (HB 1389) — Failed. Part of a last-minute ask from the governor, this bill would have removed the hospital provider fee from the state revenue stream, lessening chance of TABOR rebates but adding money for transportation and education.
Construction defects (SB 177) — Failed. To help spur more condominium building, the governor supported a move to make it harder for homeowners to sue builders for construction defects.
Contraception program (HB 1194) — Failed. Hickenlooper's administration sought $5 million to continue a grant-funded program that provides long-acting birth control to women at little to no cost.
PERA bonds (HB 1388) — Failed. The governor backed an effort to issue risky pension bonds to help shrink the state's retirement fund shortfall. John Frank, The Denver Post
[p][p]In an interview with the newspaper Excelsior, the sheriff of Maricopa County in Arizona, Joe Arpaio, said that the United States should send U.S. troops to Mexico and members of the Border Patrol, because he believes that it would help eradicate criminal groups in Mexico.
[/p][/p]
"I think we should help Mexico by going there with our Border Patrol and our military, working together to try to ease the cartel massacres, killings of innocent people, and to give them the resources together. I'm not talking about invading Mexico, "he said.
The sheriff also said that he was willing to meet with the Mexican President, Enrique Peña Nieto, and also with President Barack Obama to plan a strategy, because for years U.S. authorities have supported Mexican forces with training and equipment, but believes nothing has changed.
Although Arpaio has been distinguished for his anti-immigrant stance and even faces some lawsuits, he was re-elected as sheriff of Maricopa County for the sixth time.
Arpaio, now 80 years old, began his career as a police officer, then a narcotics agent who was involved in various operations in Latin American countries including Mexico, and spoke about this based on his experience.
Brenda.Colon@sandiegored.com
Omar.Martinez@sandiegored.com
The first person to apply the Anglo-Saxon label to Britain was a Benedictine monk named Bede, whose sweeping and long-definitive ethnography of eighth-century England was about as precise and scientific as you'd expect for the era. Bede's history declared that Britons descended from two Germanic tribes and one Dutch: the Angles, the Saxons, and the Jutes. But these migrants only started moving in after the Roman Empire's fifth century withdrawal, and anthropologists today do not seem to consider their impact as nearly so definitive as Bede did.
Anthropologists have disproven some of Bede's key claims, which long supported the idea that England is inherently Anglo-Saxon. Bede says entire German regions emptied onto the British isle, but today it looks like only perhaps 10,000 to 25,000 Angles and Saxons crossed over during the centuries of migration. These migrants settled in among the millions of people who were already there, ruling over parts of the island until the eleventh century Norman invasion.
The idea that Anglo-Saxon invaders defined or even significantly influenced British genetics has been "widely discredited," according to National Geographic, which quotes an archaeologist named David Miles. "Probably what we're dealing with is a majority of British people who were dominated politically by a new elite," Miles told the magazine. "They were swamped culturally but not genetically." It seems that Anglo-Saxons represented an elite minority, not the country in its entirety, and one that did not rule permanently.
Even their cultural influence declined with the 1066 conquest by Normandy, today a region of France. The new Norman rulers transformed England and ejected the old Anglo-Saxon elite, many of whom fled the country entirely. And so the Anglo-Saxon era ended, four or five centuries of rule that ended a thousand years ago and did not appear to make a lasting or substantial impact on British genes.
So, Anglo-Saxon is a bit of a misnomer, but even if we look past that and just accept the term as a colloquialism for the English people who were long ago ruled by Angle and Saxon lords, the idea that the U.S. and U.K. share an Anglo-Saxon identity still isn't really accurate. The 2001 U.K. census found that 85 percent of the country is ethnically "white British," which includes the Irish and Scottish whose forefathers were never under Anglo-Saxon rule.
And, though the United States began its history as an English-speaking colony of Britain, and has retained much of the English political and legal systems, it's not really an ethnic English country anymore. America's population has exploded by a factor of over 100 since declaring independence, much of that growth coming from slavery and immigration, neither of which drew heavily from England. In the 2000 U.S. census, only 8.7 percent of Americans identify their ancestry as English, which is ranked fourth behind German, Irish, and African-American.
**Warning – This event is postponed a week! NEW DATE 15TH OF JUNE Sorry for the inconvenience **
We will be running a LAN on the 1st of June and a gaming Tournament with prizes on the same day. Doors open at noon so you have some time to set up your rigs, grab a coke from our fridge and get comfortable. The tournaments should start at 2pm. The event will run till late.
Here is a list of the games and prizes we are currently considering, they are picked because most people can play them and some of the prizes are donated
Tournaments
Quake
Counter Strike Source
Age of Empires
Worms
Call of Duty – Gun Game
*Super Secret*
Prizes
Borderlands 2
Unreal Pack
Archon
€5 tuck shop
*Super Secret*
Rules
€10 entry fee for the event (regardless of time of arrival)
Matches will be set up and game modes picked by referee
No cheating etc
Tournaments start at 2pm
See you all there!
Ciaran – Events Officer
Four people were arrested and charged by police as opposing groups of demonstrators met at Nathan Phillips Square Saturday afternoon and faced off over issues including Justin Trudeau's leadership and immigration policy.
A collection of far-right demonstrators gathered at the square as part of the “Let Trudeau know he has to go” rally, organized in part by Ronny Cameron.
He said the rally had nothing to with immigration, Islam, or other grievances of the far-right and was squarely focused on Prime Minister Trudeau's policies.
“The left likes to make people think that this is about more than Justin Trudeau — that it's a white supremacist rally, but no this is just an anti-Trudeau rally. There are many people that oppose Justin Trudeau and what he's doing right now.”
He said his group was confronted by anti-fascists as soon as they arrived.
“As soon as we turned a corner, Antifa rushed us, they started getting into our face, they just started throwing punches, they started kicking,” Cameron said.
Police told CP24 four people were arrested.
SSgt. Kazimierz Konkel said one person was found allegedly carrying pepper spray, one other person was charged with assaulting a peace officer, and two others were charged with causing a disturbance.
“It was a long, long drawn out struggle to keep the peace,” Kazimierz said.
The groups grew to include several dozen demonstrators each at their peak, separated by a line of uniformed police officers.
Cameron said the demonstration he helped organize is not about white supremacy, but counter-demonstrators say Saturday's rally is the continuation of a trend.
“There's been a serious rise of far-right hate groups and white supremacist organizations showing up not just across our city but specifically convening at Nathan Phillips Square,” Sarah Ali of Solidarity Against Fascism Everywhere said.
Ali blamed the violence and resulting police detentions on Cameron and the anti-Trudeau demonstrators.
“Parties from both sides were arrested,” Kazimierz said when asked which groups the arrested parties came from.
The rallies are the latest iteration of a series of demonstrations held in front of city hall that target Trudeau's policies on immigration, the denunciation of Islamophobia and acceptance of refugees.
“These are the same folks and same groups we've seen since the beginning of the year and to be frank, since the election in the United States emboldened people with a far-right ideology and white supremacist rhetoric.”
But Cameron said Saturday's gathering was meant to highlight other concerning issues about the Trudeau government, such as the high deficit.
“(Trudeau) promised Canadians he wouldn't run a deficit beyond $10 billion and we now have a $28.5 billion deficit, so that's huge.”
Toronto Mayor John Tory issued a statement after the rallies concluded saying he supports everyone's right to assembly, but those assemblies should not promote hate.
"There is absolutely no place for hate in Toronto. Everyone has a right to protest peacefully in this city and in this country. But protests that include hatred, bigotry, racism, sexism or homophobia are not welcome here," he said.
It's time for the Arnold Palmer Invitational (application programming interface isn't the only API in town), and this can only mean that it's time to watch our favorite video of Tiger and the King because everybody likes hat throws and awkward old man hugs!
About the Sponsor
One of my favorite parts of the API is that the name doesn't include the biggest sponsor of the tournament — MasterCard. The full name of the event is the Arnold Palmer Invitational Presented by MasterCard, but nobody includes the MasterCard portion of the name, not even the tournament website url — arnoldpalmerinvitational.com.
The most interesting thing about MasterCard is their logo and that it isn't that nice clean symbol that we're all used to seeing on the credit cards and in their ads.
No, in fact it's actually this thing. It's apparently been their official logo since 2006. Don't know what's more impressive: 1) how ugly that logo it, or 2) how I had no idea that it's been their official logo for 9 years now.
About the Course
Length: 7,419 yards
Par: 72
Field: 120
Elevation Change: Not much, but a little
Lakes: 6
Last year…
Matt Every bogeyed the final two holes to “hold off” a charging Keegan Bradley. More interestingly is how Adam Scott faded after holding a 7 shot lead with 36 holes to go. After opening with a 62, Scott tumbled down out of first with a closing 76.
Tiger Stat of the Week — 2 Wins per Name
When appropriate, I figure I should include a stat about everyone's (well, many people at least) favorite professional golfer. No tournament is better suited for a TigerStat™ than the Arnie Invitational since Tiger has won the event 8 (!) times. He's won so many times that the tournament has had 4 different names from his first win in 2000 to his last win in 2013 (Bay Hill Invitational -> Bay Hill Invitational presented by Cooper Tires -> Bay Hill Invitational presented by MasterCard -> Arnold Palmer Invitational presented by MasterCard). That's two wins per tournament name!
On another note, his winner's share in 2000 was a (measly) $540,000. That's less than Keegan Bradley got last year for getting second ($669,000) after losing by 1 shot to Matt Every. Think of how many credit card points you could get buying things with a MasterCard with that extra 100ish grand!
What to Watch For
The Arnold Palmer Drink! — If I did a Buzzfeed style article titled “10 Best ‘This is SportCenter' commercials you won't believe!”, this video would be number 1 for sure.
Getting confused as to whether you're on the front 9 or the back 9 — The 3rd and 11th holes at Bay Hill are distinct from other holes for being doglegs to the left around a lake that comes into play off the tee and around the green. However, they are not distinct from each other because they're pretty much the exact same hole. One of the foolproof ways to distinguish which side of the course you're on if to figure out how many holes you've played since you last saw the clubhouse.
Drivable par 5s — Stealing this from last year's preview, rumor has it that Bubba Watson has taken on this challenge in a practice round by knocking it over the green with his drive. And by rumor I mean that I thought I heard that once, but can't find anything else on the internet confirming it. Driving a par 5 is quite the risk/reward shot; you're either chipping for a double eagle, or hitting 3 from 600 yards away.
Exemptions — Being an invitational means that people who are otherwise not “worthy” get to play! Here's a full list from the tournament website with highlights below.
Lucas Glover (2009 US Open Champion)
Ben Curtis (2003 British Open Champion)
Stewart Cink (2009 British Open Champion)
M.J. Maguire (2014 Southern Amateur champion, shoutout to amateurs in the field)
Sam Saunders (Champion of being Arnold Palmer's Grandson. Though, to be fair, he's earned the spot now after finishing well on the Web.com tour last year and actually being a member of the PGA Tour)
Concluding Remarks
Arnold Palmer (the dude)? — about $675 million net worth
Arnold Palmers (the drink)? — about 2.2¢ / fl oz at WalMart.com
Round of golf at Bay Hill? — $150 on the weekends
Winning The Arnold Palmer Invitational presented by MasterCard? — Priceless… Nah it's like a little over $1.1 million.
Dear Editor,
I refer once again to Abu Bakr's letter ‘What is the definition of the Indian they wish to protect and preserve?'(SN, October 30) to raise an issue not coincidentally raised by Lincoln Lewis and Baytoram Ramharack on the same day in different newspapers in separate letters: the need for civility in our discourse, especially political discourse.
Not coincidentally, because I believe that, like myself, the above two interlocutors who have been commenting on various issues via the letters pages for over two decades, have realised the the absolute futility of engaging in disrespectful polemics.
In Mr Bakr's missive, he claims that some (named) writers such as myself “…complain that the screech and whimper coming from the Indian side is not sustained enough…” We have engaged Mr Bakr at least since 2001when he objected to VS Naipaul being awarded the Nobel Prize for literature. After 15 years, is this how he actually sees the interventions of Indian Guyanese? A “screech and whimper?”
In the past I have had occasion to remind Mr Bakr and other interlocutors about the difference between a question and answer ‘dialogue' that we should maintain going forward and a ‘polemic' as distinguished by Michel Foucault and which Mr Bakr insists on practising. I quote in full:
“Questions and answers depend on a game ‒ a game that is at once pleasant and difficult ‒ in which each of the two partners takes pains to use only the rights given him by the other and by the accepted form of the dialogue.
“The polemicist, on the other hand, proceeds encased in privileges that he possesses in advance and will never agree to question. On principle, he possesses rights authorizing him to wage war and making that struggle a just undertaking; the person he confronts is not a partner in the search for the truth, but an adversary, an enemy who is wrong, who is harmful and whose very existence constitutes a threat. For him, then, the game does not consist of recognizing this person as a subject having the right to speak, but of abolishing him, as interlocutor, from any possible dialogue; and his final objective will be, not to come as close as possible to a difficult truth, but to bring about the triumph of the just because he has been manifestly upholding from the beginning. The polemicist relies on a legitimacy that his adversary is by definition denied.
And yet, in the order of discourse, they are also ways of acting which are not without consequence. There are the sterilizing effects: has anyone ever seen a new idea come out of a polemic?”
Mr Bakr, we need new ideas; not one upmanship at this time. I would concede that on occasion I have also lapsed into Foucauldian polemics in the past, and can attest that as time runs out on our ‘three score and ten' the sterility becomes starker every day.
Yours faithfully,
Ravi Dev
MANILA, Philippines - A lower income tax rate for millions of salaried workers should be in place by 2018, Albay Rep. Joey Salceda said yesterday as he appealed to his colleagues to act swiftly and favorably on his proposal.
“This tax reform package provides relief to the people by lowering income taxes for the vast majority of Filipinos at the soonest possible time, by 2018 and further by 2019. Delaying this further will delay the benefits to Filipino workers,” he told a news conference yesterday.
He said in addition to millions of minimum wage earners, an additional three million salaried workers “will pay zero income tax based on the adjusted brackets.”
Citing examples, he said a call center employee with an annual income of P273,000 with four dependents would pay an income tax of P1,567 under his Bill 4688, titled Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion (TRAIN).
The same employee pays P9,209 tax under the present law, Salceda said.
He added that a government clerk “with an annual gross income of P231,292, who is currently paying P12,673 in income tax, will be exempt from paying income tax.”
He pointed out that those whose annual income is P13 million would have bigger income taxes to pay than what they are currently paying.
Under the tax reform package proposal of the Department of Finance (DOF), workers with an annual income of P250,000 would be tax-exempt. Like Bill 4688, the DOF proposal would levy bigger taxes on those with millions in earnings.
Salceda proposed that the optional standard deduction system be limited to low-income earners.
“Rich Filipinos, with incomes exceeding P5 million a year, will not be accorded this privilege. Instead, they will have to declare their taxable income in a properly detailed manner,” he said.
Like the DOF, the Albay lawmaker is seeking higher taxes on fuel and cars to “restore equity.”
“At present, a greater majority of fuel, including diesel, is consumed by rich Filipinos. Of 20 million households, the top two million (richest 10 percent) consume almost 60 percent of petroleum products and commuting costs,” he said.
Many of his colleagues, including Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez, are against imposing a P6 tax on diesel, cooking gas, kerosene and aviation gas, and increasing the excise tax on gasoline.
Alvarez said revenue agencies should first plug their collection loopholes. Deputy speaker and Marikina Rep. Romero Quimbo said the Bureau of Internal Revenue and Bureau of Customs loses a combined P600 billion a year to corruption, tax evasion and smuggling. – With Marvin Sy, Paolo Romero
© Stuart Carlson
Is turnabout fair play?
UPDATE: This post hit the front page of social news site Reddit, and some pretty ironic flaming is going on over there.
What I find amazingly ironic is that most of the arguments are over whether government is good or government is bad, like it could be purely one or the other. In a representative democracy, the government is us. We voted for these clowns. As Pogo famously said, we have met the enemy, and he is us.
Would you argue about whether the American people are good or bad? Obviously, some are good and some are bad (sometimes, the same people are both good and bad, occasionally at the same time). The same thing is true for government — some is good and some is bad. Which we get is up to us. As much as I love to bash Fox News, the problem is not Fox News, the problem is all the people who believe their bald-faced propaganda.
If you claim that government is purely bad, does that mean you want no government at all? No police, no fire department, no military, no laws, and all transactions done by barter? If you claim that government is purely good, does that mean you want government to do everything? Own all property, decide what you read? I'm sure there are nut-jobs at both ends of this spectrum, but most people understand that we need some government. The issue is not, for example, whether or not to have regulations at all, but what regulations actually work and what regulations don't work.
The real message of Obama (as he frequently said himself) was that we shouldn't trust him, that he can't fix everything. If we want to have a good government, we have to be involved, we have to make sure the government works for us, not the other way around. When did we become a nation of victims, bleating on and on while not actually doing anything constructive?
The Virtues of the PlayStation Trophy System
Destructoid posted an article that strongly criticized PlayStation Trophies, while at the same time stating that Xbox 360 Achievements are significantly more meaningful and successful. However, Destructoid's circular logic and repetitive complaints did little to actually explain why it held this to be true. In fact, many of the complaints it made were flat out wrong.
The first complaint that Destructoid makes is pretty bold:
“…unlike MS Achievements, Trophies have so far failed to really add much of anything to [the] gameplay experience.”
I strongly disagree with this. If anything, Trophies have enriched the gaming experiences of PS3 owners by allowing and encouraging us to play through our games more thoroughly and skillfully. It's one thing to play through Mirror's Edge the normal way, and another to win the “Test of Faith” Trophy, which requires you to complete the game without shooting a single enemy. Not only does this affect how you approach the levels, it also forces you to master the hand-to-hand combat and acrobatics of Mirror's Edge.
“The major issue with Trophies, as it stands, is the fact that the PlayStation Network has not succeeded in creating the feeling of a true online identity for its players. The rather alienating XMB and awkwardness of communication makes it far more difficult for gamers to feel connected to their PSN handles than they do their Gamertags.”
The problem with this argument is that players' online identities have actually become more unique with the recent implementation of Trophies. As with MS Achievements, the Trophies define who you are as a player, highlighting the games that you own and the objectives that you worked hard to achieve. Trophy accomplishments and online identity simply go hand in hand.
Destructoid's complaints go even further, stating that the PS3's “sluggish XMB feels archaic and inconvenient to use.” This is completely laughable considering that the XMB is both simple and powerful to use, as noted by IGN. Even during gameplay, the only thing separating you and your trophy list is a single press of the Home button. However, the real problem with Destructoid's views is apparent with the author's following statement.
“Nearly all my Trophies so far are Bronze, and I struggle to give a shit about any of them, because we all know that Bronze is for losers. Unlike Achievements, which have an ‘every little helps' aura about them, the PlayStation Trophies don't feel like they work towards anything.”
Firstly, the author seems to be upset at the fact that they haven't been skilled enough to win many of the Silver or Gold medals, and it's unfortunate that they let this completely blind them from a small, but pivotal fact. It's true that MS Achievements are all built equally, and are all attainable without the help of other achievements. Some are worth more than others (just like Trophies), but don't have the arbitrary name associated with them, such as Bronze, Silver, etc.
But what the author doesn't seem to realize is that trophies have discreet values. In addition to this, Sony implemented Platinum trophies, which can only be unlocked when the player earns every trophy within a game. Though the author states that PS Trophies don't work towards anything, this definitely isn't the case.
Bronzes are worth 15 points.
Silvers are worth 30 points.
Golds are worth 90 points.
Platinums are worth 180 points.
PS Trophies work together, and help unlock an enormous amount of points if a player dedicates enough time to complete every trophy. MS Achievements have absolutely no way of allowing Xbox 360 owners to win an extra 50 or 100 points for earning that final 5 point achievement for a specific game. With the PS3, however, you can unlock a 180 point Platinum Trophy by completing a 15 point Bronze Trophy. This encourages full playthroughs as two pivotal parts of the PS Gamer Card: bragging rights, and leveling up their overall score.
Though Destructoid states that “the PSN experience is always going to feel like a step behind what the Xbox brand currently offers,” it's hard to deny that Sony has taken the achievement concept to the next level. Rather than trying to get a higher overall number than other players, you can compare individual trophy stats and understand the context of how they earned those trophies. Sure, someone may have a higher Level than you based on their PSN Gamer Card, but if all they earned is Bronze trophies then you can tell that they're a casual user. Meet someone with an arsenal of Platinum trophies however, and you'll know you're face to face with a skilled, hardcore gamer.
Despite these significant differences, Achievements and Trophies are essentially the same and serve identical purposes. In fact, a comparison of multiplatform games shows that the Trophies and Achievements are identical across both the PS3 and 360 SKUs, and similar in point allocations. There's no reason to bicker over “which one is better”, because Trophies and Achievements are there for bragging rights and a sense of personal achievement. That's what they were built for, and both have made amazing contributions to not only how videogames are played, but how they are designed.
*Disclaimer: PSLS is not attacking Destructoid, just stating a difference of opinion.
by Paul Armentano, NORML Deputy Director
The passage and enactment of a statewide marijuana ballot measure this fall could generate as much as $60 million in savings and revenue, according to a just published budgetary analysis prepared by the Colorado Center on Law & Policy.
Amendment 64, The Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol Act of 2012, allows for the possession of up to one ounce of marijuana and/or the cultivation of up to six cannabis plants by those age 21 and over. Longer-term, the measure seeks to establish regulations governing the commercial production and distribution of marijuana by licensed retail outlets.
Colorado is one of three states (joining Oregon and Washington) where voters this fall will have the opportunity to substantively reform their state's personal use cannabis laws. Four additional states — Arkansas, Massachusetts, Montana, and North Dakota — may also be voting on medical marijuana proposals in November.
According to the CCLP report, the enactment of Amendment 64 could result in an estimated: $12 million dollars of annual savings in criminal justice costs, $24 million in excise tax revenue; $8.7 million in state sales tax revenue, $14.5 million in local tax revenue, along with the creation of several hundred new jobs.
Their analysis projects that these savings and revenue estimates may double by 2017.
According to an August survey from the firm Public Policy Polling, Coloradoans favor the measure by a margin of 47 percent to 38 percent. Independent voters strongly back the measure (58 percent to 28 percent) and so do Democrats (59 percent to 22 percent). By contrast, on 26 percent of Republican voters said they favored Amendment 64.
A separate Colorado poll by Rasmussen Reports, published in June, found that 61 percent of state voters agree philosophically that cannabis ought to be regulated like alcohol or tobacco.
Full text of the Colorado Center on Law & Policy white paper is available online here. Additional information regarding Amendment 64 and other 2012 statewide ballot initiatives is available at NORML's ‘Smoke the Vote' webpage here.
SF police use-of-force policy gets commission OK
A San Francisco Sherriff's deputy keeps watch outside the meeting room as the San Francisco Police Commission discussed a new use of force policy at City Hall in San Francisco, Calif., on Wednesday, June 22, 2016. less A San Francisco Sherriff's deputy keeps watch outside the meeting room as the San Francisco Police Commission discussed a new use of force policy at City Hall in San Francisco, Calif., on Wednesday, June 22, ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 9 Captions Close SF police use-of-force policy gets commission OK 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
The San Francisco Police Commission approved Wednesday a use-of-force policy for the Police Department that more strongly regulates officers' decisions during perilous encounters and puts an emphasis on using minimal force.
In a unanimous vote, commissioners passed a version of the policy that was put together in last-minute negotiations among the Office of Citizen Complaints, the Bar Association and the Police Officers Association. Though several community members objected to the late introduction of the version, it had support from police union officials, other civil rights leaders and law enforcement watchdogs, who saw it as a compromise from the draft they developed that was originally opposed by the police union.
The new policy signals a cultural shift from one the department has been following since 1995, which the oversight agency sought to overhaul after the Dec. 2 police shooting death of Mario Woods in the Bayview neighborhood thrust the city into the national conversation on law enforcement reform.
It still must go through negotiations between the police union and the city before it comes back to the commission for final approval.
The language sets a high priority on safeguarding life, de-escalation and proportionality, and holds officers to a higher standard in use-of-force cases than the constitutional floor of a Supreme Court case that calls for investigators to judge the “reasonableness” of a particular use of force from the perspective of an officer on the scene.
Before Wednesday, the Police Commission had essentially two versions to decide between — one that was supported by the police union, the other supported by law enforcement watchdogs and community members.
The version put forth by groups including the ACLU, the public defender's office and the Office of Citizen Complaints called for the use of “minimal” force, not “reasonable” force. It also stated that officers “shall” rather than “should” take certain actions, making it mandatory for officers to follow some aspects of the policy — such as employing de-escalation techniques if there is an opportunity.
‘Should' or ‘shall'
The police union previously objected to that version, saying that “reasonable force” was the precedent set by the Supreme Court decision. Union officials argued that the use of “should” was more appropriate than “shall” in many cases, because officers can face fluid and dangerous situations that make it difficult to adhere strictly to policy language.
But after the last-minute negotiations with the OCC and the Bar Association of San Francisco, they came to agreement on about 80 percent of the policy, accepting “shall” and “a reliance” on minimal force.
The two groups could not come to agreement on the issues of carotid restraint holds and shooting at moving vehicles. Civil liberties advocates and the OCC called for no carotid holds and serious restrictions to firing at a moving vehicle, but union officials argued that such prohibitions put officers at risk of injury or death.
The Police Commission made a decision on those two issues for the two groups, voting for restrictions on firing at moving vehicles and prohibiting carotid holds.
Under state law and City Charter, before a policy that affects working conditions can be rolled out, it must pass by the union and the Department of Human Resources before it is sent back to the commission for final approval.
The assumption was that in these meetings with the city, the union would not fight parts of the policy that they agreed on — just the estimated 20 percent that they disagreed with. But POA President Martin Halloran said he could not commit to accepting the parts officials had negotiated because “the 20 percent that we're in disagreement — where we agree to disagree — could have an effect on the 80 percent that we have pretty much agreed on.”
“I'm not saying we would not make that agreement down the road, based on what this commission votes on, but legally, we cannot make that agreement here and now,” he said.
Policy held hostage?
Commission President Suzy Loftus and many community members expressed frustration at his unwillingness to commit. Loftus accused him of holding part of the policy hostage.
“We are not holding anything hostage,” Halloran said. “We made compromise, we sacrificed language that we didn't want on there and some language that we did want in there ... we want this policy to move forward as well. But, as president of the POA, I have the responsibility to make sure the best policy is put out there.”
The debate Wednesday night came after months of discussion and input from working groups, community members and the U.S. Department of Justice in the aftermath of the Woods shooting.
The shooting of Woods, a stabbing suspect who was allegedly still carrying a knife, drew outrage when footage revealed that he was shuffling slowly along a wall — and not appearing to directly threaten officers — when five of them opened fire.
The Police Department enacted a series of reforms, while the Department of Justice's community-policing unit opened a collaborative review of the city force at the request of Mayor Ed Lee and former Police Chief Greg Suhr.
In April, officers fatally shot a homeless man who allegedly charged at them with a knife in the Mission District, prompting critics who watched video of the killing to say the officers failed to try de-escalation. After the shooting death in May of an unarmed woman in an allegedly stolen car in the Bayview, Suhr resigned.
Vivian Ho is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: vho@sfchronicle.com
Twitter: @VivianHo
Gallery Folders
Search Gallery How to Colour skin 15p 96 Advertisement Advertisement Rammus Swag background 15p 43 Varus speed art 15p 147 SLEEPPARTYPEOPLE 15p 55 Marshall Lee speedart link below 15p 533 .,.,.,.,.,., 15p 55 nickky 15p 35 2009WTH 15p 72 Id 23/07/2012 15p 47 bored 15p 84 Graves at the campfire 15p 72 Lee Sin the blind monk VIDEO 15p 43 you belong in a museum 15p 52 15p's Ruby Nuzlocke Page 3 15p 29 15p's Ruby Nuzlocke Page 2 15p 38 15p's Ruby Nuzlocke Page 1 15p 50 sketchy 15p 45 Guesses who started a Nuzlocke Run... 15p 19 Teemo is everywhere 15p 18 TEEMO KILLER VIDEO LINK BELOW 15p 13 Varus 15p 44 oddone 15p 20 Dyrus 15p 140 Teemo Face-check link below 15p 34
While speaking with Ed Boon at the Mortal Kombat X Pro League Finals in Los Angeles, we got on the subject of the guest characters that have appeared both in the Mortal Kombat and Injustice series. I was able to get a little insight into how the team decides which guest characters to include as DLC for NetherRealm's fighting games, as well as whether we'll ever see the studio tackle a fighting game based on horror film icons.
According to Boon, there are a variety of ways the team can come to settling on a guest character to include with the game. "Probably the biggest one is simply someone suggests someone," he says. "With Mortal Kombat, we stepped outside of the universe with characters like Freddy Krueger, Jason, Alien, Predator, and stuff like that, so the movie stuff kind of mixes things up. Fan feedback is another big one; just hearing some very loud, insistent people saying what they want. And what's available; obviously we can't just choose what we want to do, like 'we want Robocop so he's in the game!' You have to do something that can be accommodated as far the company. So there are a number of variables, including what the players have been asking for. We're always listening to feedback."
Since the 2011 Mortal Kombat, NetherRealm has included several horror movie icons as DLC for the Mortal Kombat series. Since the release of that game, we've seen appearances from Freddy Krueger from Nightmare on Elm Street, Jason Vorhees from Friday the 13th, Alien from Alien, Predator from Predator, and Leatherface from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre in the series by way of DLC.
When asked about the possibility of using this trend of guest characters to throw them all together in one big horror icon showdown, Boon was not dismissive of the idea. "Yes, yes! You know, as we've been accumulating them, that idea has been coming up more and more frequently," he says. "You brought it up and a few other people have brought it up like 'why don't you do a horror movie fighting game?' Maybe one day we'll do it."
Boon also defended the notion of guest characters in Mortal Kombat and Injustice, touting the popularity of the inclusions and stating that he'd like to include guest characters in Injustice 2 when the time comes. "I always think there's a novelty to it and there's a certain amount of people who think that when they see a guest character that it took the slot of a DC character that they wanted to have," he says. "But you know, Scorpion in Injustice was the most downloaded of all the characters. There was a coolness and a novelty factor to seeing the mixing of the things. Alien and Predator in Mortal Kombat X were the most downloaded of those, so I would be surprised if we didn't do any of that [in Injustice 2]."
For more from our conversation with Ed Boon, you can check out our in-depth chat about Injustice 2's long-term vision (including post-release DLC), as well as our humorous discussion answering our burning questions about Mortal Kombat.
Our Take
While Boon doesn't say this is a thing that is happening, the horror film icons that have appeared in Mortal Kombat to this point have been awesome additions and his openness to this idea is exciting. I'd love to pit some more of horror's greatest and most gruesome threats against each other.
The OptiBay® was created by MCE for users who want as much storage capacity inside their system as possible. Period. Compatible with the MacBook Pro, MacBook, PowerBook G4, iMac, and Mac mini, the OptiBay replaces your system's internal SuperDrive (DVD Drive / optical drive) with a high performance SATA hard drive, or SSD (Solid State Drive), of up to 2TB... or get just the OptiBay drive kit and use your own 2.5" SATA hard drive or SSD. Now you can have previously unheard of capacities and performance in laptop disk storage and space for everything you need to store... video, music, photos, etc. Two bootable drives inside your system provide a freedom and flexibility never before experienced in a Mac laptop... have one disk a scratch disk and the other your system/applications disk, RAID configurations, one disk Mac and the other PC, extra photo storage for digital photographers, extra music storage for DJ's, extra video storage for videographers, and more. Plus, available with all of our OptiBay Drives and drive kits is a USB 2.0 portable enclosure for your removed SuperDrive, turning it into a bootable, portable, bus-powered, external SuperDrive, giving you full CD/DVD read/write functionality anytime you want for loading system software or applications, as well as burning, playing, or ripping CDs and DVDs!
MCE Technologies is again breaking ground with the OptiBay. Since the mid-1990's, MCE has designed and engineered hard drive and SuperDrive upgrades exclusively for PowerBooks. Many of those PowerBooks had what was called an "Expansion Bay" slot giving users a tremendous amount of flexibility in how they could configure and use their machines. We created "Expansion Bay Hard Drives" for those machines, (still available today), that allow users to easily replace their expansion bay optical drives with a removable hard drive. Apple's introduction of the PowerBook G4 Titanium in 2001 and their quest for the thinnest notebook in the world eliminated the possibility for a removable expansion bay... and users have been limited to a permanent, built-in optical drive ever since. Not anymore!
While busily shipping SuperDrive upgrades for the PowerBook G4 and MacBooks and MacBook Pros for many years we've continued to hear from customers who wanted more internal drive space... yearning for the old days when the optical drive was removable so they can put a hard drive in its place. We've also found many users out there doing high-end HD and DV editing with Final Cut Pro and for whom an abundance of hard drive space is an absolute necessity... much more necessary than having a seldom-used, built-in optical drive. For those pro users and for users who simply want more storage capacity inside their MacBook Pro, MacBook, Mac mini, or PowerBook G4 for their music, video, and photo libraries we created, and began shipping, the OptiBay in 2006. Take your SuperDrive out and put an OptiBay Hard Drive or SSD in and give yourself up to an extra 2TB of high performance hard drive space to use however you'd like. Combine it with up to a 2TB internal hard drive and find out what a dream it is to have up to 4TB of hard drive space entirely inside your laptop .
OptiBay Specs Capacity 500GB 500GB 750GB 750GB 1TB 1.5TB 2TB Average Seek Time 12ms 11ms 11ms 11ms 12ms 12ms 12ms Buffer Size 8MB 16MB 8MB 16MB 8MB 32MB 32MB Rotational Speed 5400rpm 7200rpm 5400rpm 7200rpm 5400rpm 5400rpm 5400rpm Fluid Dyn. Bearing yes yes yes yes yes Sust. Transfer (Max) 68.0MB/s 154MB/s 108MB/s 154MB/s 145MB/s 125MB/s 169MB/s Burst Transfer (Max) 3.0Gb/s 3.0Gb/s 3.0Gb/s 6.0Gb/s 3.0Gb/s 6.0Gb/s 6.0Gb/s Power (Max) 5W 5W 5W 5W 5W 5W 5W Weight 5.3 oz 3.8 oz 4.2 oz 3.8 oz 4.2 oz 4.2 oz 4.2 oz Warranty 3-Year Warranty
Your Laptop, Your Way
The OptiBay is a high performance laptop hard drive, or SSD, inside a specially designed, lightweight enclosure that's been engineered to the exact same dimensions as your laptop's SuperDrive or Combo drive. We made the case so lightweight, in fact, that replacing your optical drive with an MCE OptiBay Drive can actually shave up to a quarter pound off the weight of your MacBook Pro, MacBook or PowerBook G4! Besides just appearing different, laptop optical drives and hard drives have very different data connectors as well, so an adapter was developed allowing the hard drive or SSD to communicate with your MacBook Pro, MacBook, or PowerBook G4 through the optical drive connector on the motherboard. Since they already speak the same language, SATA, not one bit of speed or performance is lost in adapting the drive's connector.
Communicate Natively Speaking of communications, your Mac won't even mind that the OptiBay is now connected to its optical drive connector. It recognizes it as just another high-speed drive connected to its ATA bus, or SATA bus, and communicates with it just as it would any other storage device. Remember, you have a Mac where stuff just works! You even use Apple's own Disk Utility program to easily set up and partition, if desired, the OptiBay Hard Drive, or SSD, however you'd like: As a standard drive volume showing up as its own icon on your desktop, in conjunction with your internal hard drive as part of a RAID 0 (Striped) or RAID 1 (Mirrored) array, or concatenated (combined) with your internal hard drive so they appear as one large hard drive are just a few of the many possibilities. MCE OptiBay Utlity Included with every OptiBay is the MCE OptiBay Utlity program. This is software we created specifically for OptiBay users and allows them greater flexibility when using their, now external, SuperDrive (DVD Drive) that was removed when installing the OptiBay. The MCE OptiBay Utility program activates the Apple DVD Player application so that it can now play movie DVDs from an external SuperDrive when there is no internal SuperDrive in the system. As well, if you ever reinstall your SuperDrive back into your machine our OptiBay Utility program will allow the Apple DVD Player application to again play movie DVDs from the internal SuperDrive. The OptiBay utility program is compatible with Mac OS 10.4 through the recently released Mac OS 10.10 (Yosemite). It also provides other functionality when using the OptiBay and this is fully detailed in the program and accompanying Read Me file. Safe, Time Machine Safe For full protection from hard drive failure everyone agrees that backing up is the key. For those in situations where being as fail-safe as possible is more important than the extra capacity, you have the option of mirroring your entire internal hard drive to the OptiBay . Or configure Time Machine (through the Time Machine System Preference) or your favorite backup utility, to backup to the OptiBay regularly... and do so at fast SATA speeds! That way, if the unthinkable happens and your internal hard drive goes down, or you delete a file you shouldn't have, you won't miss a single beat since you'll be able to easily switch over and work seamlessly, or pull up a saved Time Machine, from the OptiBay and you're back in business. The OptiBay can also be used as a scratch disk for your data, doing all the heavy work and not bogged down having to run system routines simultaneously. Since the OptiBay is bootable, and for extra security, you could setup one drive as a macOS drive and the other as a dedicated Windows drive on MacBook Pros and MacBooks. Power S.M.A.R.T. The OptiBay responds to S.M.A.R.T. status commands from the macOS. S.M.A.R.T. status commands query a drive's internal reliability algorithms and can, therefore, warn of possible impending disk failure long before it happens giving you enough time to archive your data before it's lost. In addition, the OptiBay falls within the heat and power specifications for the optical drive it is replacing and also has built-in power management routines which allow it to use even less power. Depending on the spindle speed of the drive, battery life between charges with an OptiBay Drive installed is affected by only 10 to 15%... even less if you're using an SSD in the OptiBay. The macOS will even spin the OptiBay down when not in use if you check the "Put the hard disk(s) to sleep when possible" checkbox in the Energy Saver System Preference. SuperDrive - Externalized Available with every OptiBay kit is a USB 2.0 Enclosure for the SuperDrive (DVD Drive) you just removed from your system to ensure that you still have full functionality. This slim, portable, external USB 2.0 enclosure transforms your original SuperDrive into a bootable, bus-powered SuperDrive just as compatible with iTunes, iDVD, Finder Burning, Toast, DVD Player etc. as before! Now just plug in your external SuperDrive to your USB 2.0 port only when needed in order to play, burn, or rip CDs or DVDs or to load new system software or applications. You can also choose the new portable, slot-loading MCE SuperBurner 8X DVD/CD Recordable USB 2.0 Drive or the MCE Desktop External 24X DVD-/+R/RW + Dual/Double Layer USB 2.0 SuperDrive to instead have the functionality of a higher-speed CD/DVD reader/writer at your disposal in a more stationary desktop form factor. You can also choose not to include any optical drive option in the event you already have an external optical drive of your own.
You may install the OptiBay yourself* or, if you prefer, you may have it professionally installed into your MacBook Pro or PowerBook G4 by MCE Technologies or one of our worldwide Authorized Upgrade Centers.
*NOTE for 12-inch PowerBook G4 Owners: MCE highly recommends that your drive be professionally installed. The installation of the MCE OptiBay Drive into the 12-inch PowerBook G4 involves the removal of some 40 plus screws and parts and is not for the faint of heart. Only an experienced technician should attempt this upgrade into the 12-inch PowerBook G4.
Features:
Compatible with both hard drives and SSD drives
Capacities of 320GB, 500GB, 750GB, 1000GB (1TB), and 2000GB (2TB)
High Performance Spindle Speeds up to 7200RPM
Bootable
S.M.A.R.T. Status Compliant
Sets up easily using Apple's Disk Utility program
Can be set up as a single volume, partitioned, or made part of a RAID array
Can be configured as a Time Machine backup drive
External Enclosure for SuperDrive or Combo drive compatible with iDVD, DVD Studio Pro, iTunes, iPhoto, and Finder Burning
Includes: OptiBay Drive or purchase just the OptiBay Enclosure for use with your own 2.5" SATA Hard Drive or SSD (Solid-State Drive) Installation Instructions Installation Toolkit MCE OptiBay Utility Software
Compatible with All MacBook Pro, MacBook, PowerBook G4, iMac, Mac mini and XServe Systems
The MCE OptiBay is compatible with the first-generation 13-inch, 15-inch, and 17-inch MacBook Pro and Unibody 17-inch, 15-inch, and 13-inch MacBook Pro, the first-generation 13-inch MacBook and Unibody 13-inch MacBook, the 17-inch, 15-inch, and 12-inch Apple PowerBook G4, iMac, Mac mini, and XServe.
System Requirements:
First-generation MacBook Pro (13-inch, 15-inch, or 17-inch) or Unibody MacBook Pro (13-inch, 15-inch or 17-inch) or MacBook (13-inch) running Mac OS 10.4.x or later. PowerBook G4 (12-inch Aluminum, 15-inch Aluminum or Titanium, or 17-inch Aluminum) running Mac OS 9, Mac OS 10.2, Mac OS 10.3, Mac OS 10.4, Mac OS 10.5, Mac OS 10.6, Mac OS 10.7, Mac OS 10.8, or Mac OS 10.9. Full Disc Burning compatibility with external CD/DVD burner requires Mac OS 10.4 or later. PowerBook G4 15-inch Titanium w/DVD-ROM only optical drive not compatible with MCE Portable External USB 2.0 Enclosure.
“The ethereum killer is ethereum, the ethereum of China is ethereum, the ethereum of Taiwan is ethereum… 2.0.”
That was the opening statement of Vitalik Buterin, Ethereum's inventor, at BeyondBlock in Taipei where he laid out a plan to reach Visa levels scalability within the next 3-5 years.
The main problems facing ethereum are privacy, safety and scalability, he said. With privacy being 3/4th solved, according to Buterin who was wearing a Byzantium t-shirt, referring to the latest ethereum hardfork.
That upgrade introduced some fairly fancy new cryptographic algorithms, Buterin says, including zero-knowledge proofs and ring signatures which don't solve the privacy problem on their own but can give coders tools to build solutions.
From a base layer perspective, the privacy problem is three quarters of the way to being solved, he said. The one quarter that isn't solved… there's still leaks at the protocol level. If you use a mixer and pay for gas there may be privacy leaks, but most of the work from here is at layer 2 he says.
Suggesting base layer privacy has been solved, at least conceptually, by zk-Snarks which give you the ability to hide a transaction from all at the same time as allowing you to choose who you wish to show that transaction.
Safety, of course, isn't a problem you solve, only minimize or maximize as may be the case. But one problem that could be solved is scalability.
However it's a hard problem due to the trilema of decentralization, security, and scalability. Having two out of three is easy he says, providing examples of current solutions that have made that two out of three trade-offs:
Existing blockchains, like Ethereum and Bitcoin in their current state, sacrifice scalability, he says, while super big blocks, at the size of 10GB, would sacrifice decentralization, Buterin says.
But ethereum aims to have all three without sacrificing either. One such way is through second layer solutions, like Plasma, Raiden, or the Lightning Network, however ethereum also aims to achieve the trilemma of decentralization, safety and scalability, all on-chain.
He says ethereum aims to scale on-chain, to thousands of transactions, without masternodes, consortium nodes, or any other centralizing aspects.
“So, can we do this?” – he asks, “I believe we can,” he says, presenting a first and somewhat basic conceptualized version of sharding.
“The way I generally describe sharding is… you can think of it as, in a fairly simple version, creating a blockchain where you have, lets say, a hundred different universes and each of these universes is a different account space,” Buterin says before adding:
“So you can have an account in some universe or you can have a contract in some universe and you can send a transaction in some universe and if you send a transaction in some universe it only affects stuff in some universe.
You might have some protocol of transferring resources, transferring data, between these universes, but it could be more limited, it could be something asynchronous, it could have a two weeks delay, and generally it's not as clean and convenient as doing stuff in one universe.
But these 100 universes are not just separate blockchains, they are systems that are also interconnected with each other. Particularly, they share consensus. So in order to break even one of them, you have to break the whole thing.
This doesn't describe every possible sharding solution out there, and we can really ratchet things up on the margins and eventually make communications between these different universes really good and possibly even blur the distinction between going across universes and between universes, but this is one simple way of thinking about it.
How would an instantiation of this actually work on ethereum? We could try to think about the very far end of what the optimal system would look like, or we can try to think about what we can design fairly easily in the near term.
Here's one example of something we can design fairly easily in the near term. Let's imagine we keep the main blockchain and into the main blockchain we would publish a contract, and this contract would be called the validator manager contract [which] would maintain an internal Proof of Stake (PoS) system…
The validator manager contract also keeps track of a set of shards… the 100 universes. During each block or cycle the validator manager contract assigns a random validator the right to create the next block on each shard…
Each of these shards have blocks and transactions, but we are not going to put all of those blocks and transactions into the main chain. Instead, what we are going to do, we are going to take the same structure ethereum currently has, where you have a big block that gets represented by a tiny header, and we're just going to replicate again one level down.
At the shard level we would have things called collations. A collation is basically just a group of transactions and the collation would have a collation header that would be basically a PoS signed block header, and these collation headers would be pushed into the validator manager contract, but all of the actual transactions in the shards, all of the shards states, all of the shards collations, that would go off-chain.
The only thing that goes on-chain is these collation headers and the validator manager contract would keep track of these headers and would keep track of the state roots of each shard.
So there is this kind of division of labor here where basically the validator manager contract just acts as a light client for each shard.”
You'd have these two worlds, Buterin says. You'd have the old world that keeps operating with the same level of scalability which currently is limited as each transaction is replicated by each node that has to run on a laptop.
And this new world with its own rules which has quadratic scalability as nodes validate certain shards and act as light clients for other shards, with this new world potentially having even higher levels of scalability dependent on how sharding is implemented or incrementally improved.
This is all in the early stages of sharding, Buterin says, laying out the roadmap of how it would progress, with it eventually being incorporated at a protocol level through “tight coupling.”
That being, the ethereum network upgrades so that clients enforce a rule which says if the blockchain contains a sharding header that is invalid then the entire blockchain is invalid.
“So basically tight coupling is where the validity of layer two becomes a condition for the validity of layer one,” Buterin says. At which stage the entire sharding system would have the same level of uniform security and it would all be governed by hardforks.
Initially there would be two speeds ethereum with individuals running an eth node and a sharding node connected to the eth node. The two then eventually, once the network moves to tight coupling, are merged together.
The new shards create a new address space, he says, which means it doesn't affect normal transactions and the current network.
Allowing devs to engage in important innovations, Buterin says, as they can operate more freely on the shards by turning on improvements only on the shards.
Eventually the main-chain will need to be upgraded, but we can do that later he says as there is no need to slow down by requiring constant on-chain backwards incompatible upgrades.
Those changes are increased parallelization, a faster ethereum virtual machine, binary Merkel trees and stateless clients.
Stateless clients being a sharding sorts of its own described by Buterin as “instead of requiring clients to have states, we would require transaction senders to provide a kind of merkle proofs of specific portions of states that they access.”
Stateless clients are very much at an early stage and there are many ways to implement them, Buterin says, but it's one example of what can be done on shards.
The sharding roadmap therefore appears to be the initial creation of a new “universe,” or 100 of them, that doesn't quite affect the main-chain.
The reason for that, Buterin says, is because there would be quite a lot of backwards incompatible changes which may affect current states or projects, so they would rather start on a blank slate.
Ethereum, thus, is to transition into a two speeds lane until it eventually merges again into one road down the line.
With developers working on new shards, incrementally improving the code, adding zk-Snarks to shards and other features, increasing their ability to share data and communicate, and then continuously refining it through relatively minor improvements.
The time-line laid out is 3-5 years, thus around 2020. But one of the most difficult aspects, the architecture, seems to have reached a stable conceptual level, so we might perhaps see prototypes even by next year and potential first alpha versions in 2019 or earlier.
In the meantime there will be the transition to Proof of Stake/Proof of Work hybrid eth. That's a very major upgrade in itself and might, optimistically, be ready by summer.
The general approach eth therefore seems to be taking is prioritizing speed above perfection. Getting things out there and then improving them rather than refining it so fully that it is ready to be used by your grandma in first version.
That approach would be due to necessity. Ethereum now handles more transactions than all other decentralized public blockchains combined.
Demand for ethereum transactions has increased 10x since last year, with the network now able to handle only 4x more at best.
Time therefore isn't a luxury for the still young project, which is the only prominent one in this space to carry that Silicon Valley mantra of move fast and break things.
Thomas Mulcair's New Democrats are calling on Justin Trudeau to release a detailed, costed fiscal framework before what could be a make-or-break debate this week on the economy.
In an open letter released Wednesday, the NDP accused the Liberals of failing to be transparent with Canadians about their fiscal plans, including "how large your deficits will be in each of the next three years."
"Many more questions remain unanswered," reads the letter signed by Andrew Thomson — a former Saskatchewan finance minister running in Toronto — and incumbent candidates, Peggy Nash and Guy Caron. "You owe it to Canadians to answer them."
Trudeau has accused Mulcair of writing cheques he won't be able to cash keep because of the NDP leader's pledge to balance the budget right away. The Liberal leader has taken to telling Mulcair in stump speeches that he "can't be Tommy Douglas on a Stephen Harper budget."
The Grits have taken a different tack, saying they will run deficits of no more than $10 billion a year until 2019 in order to nearly double current spending on infrastructure and pay for promises which they believe with spur economic growth.
The OECD lowered its estimate for Canada's economic growth to 1.1 per cent in 2015 on Wednesday. The U.S. economy, in contrast, is projected to grow by 2.4 per cent.
Finance Canada reported a surprise federal surplus this week of $1.9 billion in 2014-2015 fiscal year. The Conservative government and originally projected a $2 billion deficit.
Conservative Leader Stephen Harper boasted on the campaign trail that the first quarter of 2015-2016 recorded a $5-billion surplus, meaning that Canada might likely have two surplus budgets before Trudeau suggests plunging the country back into deficit.
Trudeau says Liberals have been clear
The Liberal leader told reporters Wednesday morning that he's already released a "detailed framework" and this his party was the first to tell Canadians how they planned to pay for their promises.
"For example, our decision to lower taxes by $3 billion for the middle class will be paid for by raising taxes by $3 billion on the wealthy one per cent of Canadians," Trudeau said.
"Every single commitment we've made, and every single commitment we will continue to make in the coming weeks will fit into that clearly established fiscal framework and be fully, and specifically costed, within the announcement we make," he added.
The Liberals pointed to backgrounders on their website that outlined their plan to run three deficits, as well as detail their spending announcements. But most of their backgrounders don't reveal precisely where a Liberal government would find the money. The details regarding changes in employment insurance premiums for example, don't reveal how much revenue the Liberals are counting on since they are actually raising rates from what the Tories have promised.
The backgrounder on the Liberals' plan for the middle class, however, does have specific details about tax cuts and tax increases on the wealthy. It states that Trudeau's more generous child benefit would cost $4 billion annually, $2 billion of which would be offset by the Liberals' scrapping the Conservatives' income splitting plan. "The remaining $2 billion cost represents a fiscal commitment that is part of the Liberal election platform," the document states.
Conservative incumbent candidate Jason Kenney said Trudeau's growth plan was a fashionable Keynesian idea in the 1960s when economies were growing every year by five per cent. "That is not the new normal. The new normal is more modest growth, international instability and that requires great discipline and that's really the point of our whole campaign," Kenney said.
The Liberals counter that now, when you have anemic growth, is precisely the time to invest in the economy.
New Democrats unveiled their costing plan Wednesday afternoon in hopes of putting to rest allegations that they cannot fulfill their spending commitments and balance the books.
In response to Liberal criticisms, the NDP released a sarcastic "reality check" this week — a fake "memo" from the Grit war room to Trudeau urging him to use his "serious, disappointed voice" with reporters while pretending Mulcair and Harper are the same.
"REMEMBER JUSTIN, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES ADMIT WE HAVEN'T RELEASED A FISCAL PLAN," it read.
On Thursday, Mulcair, Trudeau, and Harper will participate in a two-hour debate in Calgary, hosted by The Globe and Mail, that will focus entirely on the economy.
Like Us On Facebook
Also on HuffPost
Latest demand comes from local and southern state governments, including Louisiana and Mississippi, hit hard by pollution following 2010 blowout
BP has been hit by a new $34bn (£21.7bn) claim for alleged economic losses and punitive damages resulting from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The latest demand comes from local and southern state governments, including Louisiana and Mississippi, hit hard by the pollution that followed the blowout on the BP-operated Macondo well in April 2010.
BP described the methodology for calculating the claims as "seriously flawed" and the oil company said it was confident it would not have to make additional financial provisions.
BP refused to say what provisions it has already made for the $34bn claims, but admits to having taken a further $4.1bn "charge" in the final three months of 2012, bringing the total amount set aside so far to $42.2bn.
The oil company has settled criminal charges with the US department of justice, but will suffer further financial hits as it prepares for a final civil trial scheduled to start on 26 February.
Worst case scenarios could mean a further $20bn of liabilities in the event of the company being found "grossly negligent", but BP expects any fine to be very much smaller and is still desperately working on an out-of-court settlement to avoid the trial.
The latest numbers resulting from the Deepwater disaster were released by BP on Tuesday morning as part of its fourth-quarter and full-year financial results, which showed the company had already sold $37.8bn of assets even before its sale of its half share in the Russian joint-venture TNK-BP to Rosneft.
That disposal has not been completed yet, but BP's overall production – excluding TNK-BP – was down 7% in the final three months to 2.29m barrels of oil equivalents a day.
The output figures were damaged by the sale of assets to pay for the Macondo blowout, and they helped drive down quarterly underlying profits by 20% in the final period, to $4bn from $5bn.
The $4.1bn Deepwater charge, however, was considerably lower than analysts had forecast, and BP chief executive Bob Dudley gave an upbeat assessment of what the company had achieved.
"We have moved past many milestones in 2012, repositioning BP through divestments and bringing on new projects," he said. "This lays a solid foundation for growth into the long term."
BP said it was already in talks with Rosneft, in which it will take a 20% stake, about joint venture operations and said it could bring new technology and good governance to the Moscow-based group.
Dudley would not rule out moving into the Russian Arctic with Rosneft given the scale of potential oil and gas reserves there but insisted it would treat the pristine environment "with great sensitivity and care".
Dudley also said he did "not rule out getting involved in UK shale" and supported the British government strategy of looking at ways to encourage gas drilling for these more controversial resources.
The bill so far for the Deepwater Horizon disaster
1. Beach and other cleanup costs – $14bn
2. Early claims settled – $9bn
3. Early restoration projects – $1bn
Plus major legal settlements:
4. Criminal charges with the department of justice – $4bn
5. Individual and small businesses claims through a plaintiff steering committee – $7.8bn
6. Securities and Exchange Commission claims – $525m
Outstanding:
7. Claims from local and state governments – $34bn
8. Worst case scenario damages under a Clean Water Act – $21bn
9. Natural resource damages – (unquantified)
BP has won back $5bn from well equity partners Anadarko and Mitsui.
No settlement yet with rig operator Transocean or contractor Halliburton.
It was January 2010, and investigators with the International Atomic Energy Agency had just completed an inspection at the uranium enrichment plant outside Natanz in central Iran, when they realized that something was off within the cascade rooms where thousands of centrifuges were enriching uranium.
Natanz technicians in white lab coats, gloves, and blue booties were scurrying in and out of the "clean" cascade rooms, hauling out unwieldy centrifuges one by one, each sheathed in shiny silver cylindrical casings.
Any timeworkers at the plant decommissioned damaged or otherwise unusable centrifuges, they were required to line them up for IAEA inspection to verify that no radioactive material was being smuggled out in the devices before they were removed. The technicians had been doing so for more than a month.
Normally Iran replaced up to 10 percent of its centrifuges a year, due to material defects and other issues. With about 8,700 centrifuges installed at Natanz at the time, it would have been normal to decommission about 800 over the course of the year.
But when the IAEA later reviewed footage from surveillance cameras installed outside the cascade rooms to monitor Iran's enrichment program, they were stunned as they counted the numbers. The workers had been replacing the units at an incredible rate—later estimates would indicate between 1,000 and 2,000 centrifuges were swapped out over a few months.
The question was, why?
Iran wasn't required to disclose the reason for replacing the centrifuges and, officially, the inspectors had no right to ask. Their mandate was to monitor what happened to nuclear material at the plant, not keep track of equipment failures. But it was clear that something had damaged the centrifuges.
What the inspectors didn't know was that the answer they were seeking was hidden all around them, buried in the disk space and memory of Natanz's computers. Months earlier, in June 2009, someone had silently unleashed a sophisticated and destructive digital worm that had been slithering its way through computers in Iran with just one aim — to sabotage the country's uranium enrichment program and prevent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad from building a nuclear weapon.
But it would be nearly a year before the inspectors would learn of this. The answer would come only after dozens of computer security researchers around the world would spend months deconstructing what would come to be known as the most complex malware ever written—a piece of software that would ultimately make history as the world's first real cyberweapon.
On June 17, 2010, Sergey Ulasen was in his office in Belarus sifting through e-mail when a report caught his eye. A computer belonging to a customer in Iran was caught in a reboot loop—shutting down and restarting repeatedly despite efforts by operators to take control of it. It appeared the machine was infected with a virus.
Ulasen heads an antivirus division of a small computer security firm in Minsk called VirusBlokAda. Once a specialized offshoot of computer science, computer security has grown into a multibillion-dollar industry over the last decade keeping pace with an explosion in sophisticated hack attacks and evolving viruses, Trojan horses, and spyware programs.
The best security specialists, like Bruce Schneier, Dan Kaminsky, and Charlie Miller are considered rock stars among their peers, and top companies like Symantec, McAfee, and Kaspersky have become household names, protecting everything from grandmothers' laptops to sensitive military networks.
VirusBlokAda, however, was no rock star nor a household name. It was an obscure company that even few in the security industry had heard of. But that would shortly change.
"If I turn up dead and I committed suicide on Monday, I just want to tell you guys, I'm not suicidal."—Liam O Murchu
Ulasen's research team got hold of the virus infecting their client's computer and realized it was using a “zero-day” exploit to spread. Zero-days are the hacking world's most potent weapons: They exploit vulnerabilities in software that are yet unknown to the software maker or antivirus vendors. They're also exceedingly rare; it takes considerable skill and persistence to find such vulnerabilities and exploit them. Out of more than 12 million pieces of malware that antivirus researchers discover each year, fewer than a dozen use a zero-day exploit.
In this case, the exploit allowed the virus to cleverly spread from one computer to another via infected USB sticks. The vulnerability was in the LNK file of Windows Explorer, a fundamental component of Microsoft Windows. When an infected USB stick was inserted into a computer, as Explorer automatically scanned the contents of the stick, the exploit code awakened and surreptitiously dropped a large, partially encrypted file onto the computer, like a military transport plane dropping camouflaged soldiers into target territory.
It was an ingenious exploit that seemed obvious in retrospect, since it attacked such a ubiquitous function. It was also one, researchers would soon learn to their surprise, that had been used before.
VirusBlokAda contacted Microsoft to report the vulnerability, and on July 12, as the software giant was preparing a patch, VirusBlokAda went public with the discovery in a post to a security forum. Three days later, security blogger Brian Krebs picked up the story, and antivirus companies around the world scrambled to grab samples of the malware—dubbed Stuxnet by Microsoft from a combination of file names (.stub and MrxNet.sys) found in the code.
As the computer security industry rumbled into action, decrypting and deconstructing Stuxnet, more assessments filtered out.
It turned out the code had been launched into the wild as early as a year before, in June 2009, and its mysterious creator had updated and refined it over time, releasing three different versions. Notably, one of the virus's driver files used a valid signed certificate stolen from RealTek Semiconductor, a hardware maker in Taiwan, in order to fool systems into thinking the malware was a trusted program from RealTek.
Internet authorities quickly revoked the certificate. But another Stuxnet driver was found using a second certificate, this one stolen from JMicron Technology, a circuit maker in Taiwan that was—coincidentally or not—headquartered in the same business park as RealTek. Had the attackers physically broken into the companies to steal the certificates? Or had they remotely hacked them to swipe the company's digital certificate-signing keys? No one knew.
“We rarely see such professional operations,” wrote ESET, a security firm that found one of the certificates, on its blog. "This shows [the attackers] have significant resources."
In other ways, though, Stuxnet seemed routine and unambitious in its aims. Experts determined that the virus was designed to target Simatic WinCC Step7 software, an industrial control system made by the German conglomerate Siemens that was used to program controllers that drive motors, valves and switches in everything from food factories and automobile assembly lines to gas pipelines and water treatment plants.
Although this was new in itself—control systems aren't a traditional hacker target, because there's no obvious financial gain in hacking them—what Stuxnet did to the Simatic systems wasn't new. It appeared to be simply stealing configuration and design data from the systems, presumably to allow a competitor to duplicate a factory's production layout. Stuxnet looked like just another case of industrial espionage.
Antivirus companies added signatures for various versions of the malware to their detection engines, and then for the most part moved on to other things.
The story of Stuxnet might have ended there. But a few researchers weren't quite ready to let it go.
Listing image by Photo by Terry Shuck
Because I'm going to drive through Raleigh, Jones' old stomping grounds, in about thirty minutes.
A Highway Patrol trooper who kicked and hoisted his canine partner off the ground by its neck should be rehired to the job he lost after videos of the mistreatment surfaced, a judge ruled. Superior Court Judge James Hardin Jr. ruled in an order signed Monday that former North Carolina Highway Patrol Sgt. Charles Jones was improperly fired. Hardin said Jones also should recoup back pay and attorneys' fees.
This is video of Jones, "training" his state-provided Belgian Mallinois Ricoh, for the offense of refusing to let go of a rubber ball:
When I wrote about Jones' non-ASPCA-endorsed training methods earlier (after an administrative law judge ordered Jones reinstated) I was under the impression that the North Carolina Highway Patrol did not endorse Jones' rather … unusual … methods. It turns out I was wrong. Jones must have been fired, not for doing anything wrong (after all, a dog is only a dumb brute, so it's okay to put the animal through hanging and abuse that would get a soldier in Iraq a court-martial if used against a terrorist), but because the truth embarrassed a few politicians.
Hardin ruled that although Jones' actions were not among the training techniques specifically approved by the Highway Patrol, they were no worse that the agency's accepted methods. Jones' conduct, "while appearing excessive and extreme to the general public, is not unreasonably outside of or substantially different from several of the training techniques that are tested, trained and approved for use by the patrol," Hardin wrote. Hardin said the Highway Patrol's dog training methods included whipping dogs, hitting them wit sticks, and using choke collars and stun guns. "All of these training techniques are extremely harsh and well beyond what an owner of a typical 'house' pet would use to discipline or train a 'family' dog," Hardin wrote. "Canine handlers were taught to rule with an 'iron fist' as canines were 'weapons' which had to be under control at all times."
That the methods go beyond those used by the United States Army, well, that just goes to show how hard-core the North Carolina State Highway Patrol is.
So congratulations, soon-to-be ex-ex-Trooper Jones. And here's hoping the Wake, Johnston, and Durham County criminal defense bars, which also serve your territory, will be made aware of your imminent return. I'll bring the popcorn for your first cross-examination.
Last 5 posts by Patrick Non-White
by
Whistling at a bullfight in Spain is rare. The Spanish whistle, like an American “boo,” is considered mocking and bitter. You don't whistle unless the matador really has it coming, unless the performance is weak or the bull dies slowly and painfully beneath his clumsy hand.
Whistling in an American coalmine or a gold mine is even worse. It's a bad omen, a jinx, and a thumb of your nose to centuries of mining superstition. Part of this is because a mine is a dark and dangerous place where sound is not taken for granted, a place where it is important to listen and where one's work and one's mortality are intimately connected.
The infamous canary in a coal mine, the one exception to this rule, signaled the presence of dangerous gas by ceasing its song; the old miners knew that a quiet canary was a dead canary. I once worked as a tour guide at a tourist-trap gold mine in Colorado called the Country Boy. A hard-rock mine is much different than a coal mine, though each of them share some similar mythology and superstition.
For my job I wore Carhart coveralls and rubber boots and led tourists one-thousand feet into the side of a mountain. In the portal we kept a stuffed yellow canary in a cage. Hard-rock mines didn't have poisonous gas like coal mines and didn't keep canaries, but the bird was part of the show. So I told tourists that if the bird stopped singing we should all get out of the mine as fast as possible. Then we would all stare at the stuffed bird, waiting for it to sing. Then we would laugh.
The truth is, though, whistling in a mine is no laughing matter.
Disney's Dwarves, all seven of them whistling so jolly and joyfully while they worked, would have been beaten to a pulp, or, at least, banished from the tunnels, ridiculed and ostracized for their insolence. The tunnels of a mine were not the happy jolly homes of charming little people and their fairy tales. The mines were noisy, dangerous places full of ghosts. There was no princess. Some of the old miners would just as soon kill you than work with someone who whistled in the face of luck.
It was important that you listened in a mine, that you could pay attention to the mountain and the men with whom you worked. If a miner became trapped in a cave-in he would hammer and pound on the rocks, not just to dig his way out but also to let the other miners know of his location so they could come for him. A pretty much universal mining legend tells of a man who died in the tunnel, and his spirit, a Tommyknocker, keeps on knocking and tapping to warn others of impending cave-ins. The old miners knew to pay attention to the ghosts. You had to keep your ears open in the mines if you wanted to live.
One's survival in a mine was a matter of both luck and smarts. To whistle was to chase away the benevolent spirits of the mine, those mysterious entities that protected them from the evil spirits who wished them harm; to whistle was to mess with the whimsical violence of a cave-in, to mock the martyred ghosts and to invite death and destruction upon all those around you. Any man who dared to violate this superstition was quickly silenced and condemned as a fool, if not beaten or shunned by his fellow miners.
Pennsylvania coalmining legend (as well as a NY Times article) tells the story of a foolhardy Welshman named Jack Richards, a chatterbox and clown who mocked the old superstitions that ruled the mine and not only whistled in the tunnel but whistled a jig known as, “Devil Among the Tailors.” With his song, Richards invited the evil spirit to dance with him, a breech of mining etiquette so severe and brazen that it stopped work and silenced the mine completely. The other miners, so discomfited by Richards' audacity, decided to quit for the day and leave the tunnel. They simply couldn't tolerate such behavior. They were done.
As they gathered their tools to escape, they heard a sound like a clap of thunder, a rumble, and the mountain above them seemed to heave and groan. Then they heard another clap of thunder and the mountain collapsed; a massive cave-in trapped the eighteen miners and a horse.
The dust and noise settled, the horse calmed down, and the miners gathered themselves. They turned to find the bastard who had brought this upon them. So intense was their belief that Richards's whistling had caused the cave-in, the other miners set out after him, intending to brain him with a pickaxe, or at least give him a sound beating. They called out his name in the dark, their anger fueling their search, and eventually they found him. Buried. Dead. Killed by the falling rock, the only victim of a potentially catastrophic collapse. His noise had cursed him, killed him, and, if you believe the legends, Jack Richards's ghost still haunts those coal-dark caverns beneath the surface, tap-tapping his warning to generations of new miners, telling them: You never ever whistle while you work.
My five year old daughter has recently learned to whistle. Sort of. She can make the whistling noise but she can't use it to then produce anything resembling music. I'd rejoice if she could muster, “Devil Among the Tailors,” or anything more than a kind of airy chirping noise reminiscent of an asthmatic canary. She tries. And I love her for this. I love her sweet indomitable spirit, love her total lack of self-consciousness. Like all children, her reality is a beautifully and frustrating solipsistic one where every noise she makes sounds amazing and worthy of audience appreciation. But part of me wants to tell her about Jack Richards and explain that some whistling is bad whistling, that in some contexts her whistle could summon the fickle and apocalyptic power of our planet, not to mention the annoyed barking of her father. But I don't tell her these stories. Instead I try to say that she is getting better, stronger, and that soon she'll be whistling like a bird. I really want to tell her what I know, what I've always known, that someday she'll bring the house down with her song.
***
Steven Church is the author of The Guinness Book of Me: A Memoir of Record and Theoretical Killings: Essays and Accidents. His essays have been published or are forthcoming in The Rumpus, Prairie Schooner, Creative Nonfiction, Fourth Genre, AGNI, and Passages North; and his piece, “Auscultation” was chosen by Edwidge Danticat for inclusion in the Best American Essays, 2011. He is a founding editor of the literary magazine The Normal School and he teaches in the MFA Program at Fresno State. His latest book, The Day After The Day After: My Atomic Angst, blends essay, memoir, and fictional passages as it describes the effect the 1983 made-for-TV movie The Day After–a depiction of the effects of nuclear war with the Soviet Union–had on him, his hometown of Lawrence, Kansas (where the movie was filmed), and a whole generation of Americans who grew up scared.
ABOUT THIS PROJECT
What is the story/idea?
The story revolves around the concept that living only in a memory is not living at all. For people who believe that the happiest times of their lives have passed and that they will never be that happy again are depriving themselves of a healthy life. If these people only reminisce about what happened and never attempt to take a step forward, they are wasting their lives.
Dan observes his life after Beatrice leaves. He planned his future with her, and with her gone, he feels he has nothing. Feeling only a painful emptiness and refusing to move on, Dan foolishly tries to run away from his past. While wandering in a forest of his memories, Dan becomes a victim of his own ugly bitterness. The beautiful Beatrice that he loved and wants so badly to return to him is now a bloodthirsty monster who will devour him unless he escapes from that forest.
What is the film about?
The film is about a man who voluntarily travels through hell to find his love. Based on The Inferno by Dante Alighieri, Dark Forest touches on similar themes of losing sight of one's own goals. In the poem, Dante finds himself in hell because he fell out of his relationship with God. Following a more contemporary and mainstream approach, Dan finds himself in hell because he fell out of his relationship with his wife. Where Beatrice represents love, and love serves as a symbol of God, the two stories find a common ground. In the context of the film, Dan becomes bitter after being left alone without Beatrice. He comes to resent Beatrice. In losing Beatrice, Dan loses both his love and his ability to love. It is through logical reasoning that Dan realizes how to be free from his prison and love once more.
Intended Audience:
The intended audience is between the ages of 13 and 50. This audience tends to prefer cerebral thrillers and horror films. Both religious and non religious audiences will take much from the film because the subject matters of death and mourning are universal. As far as appealing to a Catholic audience, the target appeal ends with the introduction of the concept of hell, which exists in mainstream as well as Catholic iconography. Ideally, my film can touch all audiences, but realistically, it may not appeal to older crowds, due to the amount of blood and gore.
I particularly want to reach those in the community affected by suicide. I want to show people that committing suicide means losing sight of what's worth fighting for in this life, not because of some misguided emotion planted when a tragic event happens. I want to emphasize that it's never too late to turn back and choose life.
Intended Screening Venue:
Festivals – Student Academy Awards, Academy Awards, All the big guys, (and the small one's too, this will be a large part of our budget, raising money for these festivals). Among smaller venues would be web sites promoting awareness of suicide. This film may also explore the untapped venue of mobile device viewing.
What do you want your viewer to take from the film/video?
I want my viewers to have a cathartic experience with Dan. After watching the film, they will have a deeper respect for the process of mourning and the fragile state of mind it leaves people. Primarily, I want my audience to be aware of suicidal mourners. When loved ones die, people feel lost. They invest their lives and futures in these people and when unexpectedly are taken away, those left behind behave irrationally and make costly mistakes. Above all, I want my viewers who have ever had suicidal thoughts to see that the consequences of death by their own hands is not the solution to their problems. While the film can be seen as tragic, it also is about letting go of ones pain and being free.
How do you want to affect your viewer?
I want to affect my viewer by frightening them and keeping them on the edges of their seats. The suspense that happens on screen will excite the audience while informing a deeply personal message about love and death. When my audiences walk away from my film, I want them to think about the signs of suicide. Suicide is not a simple story gimmick in Dark Forest, it is very much part of the message. I want people to see inside themselves and think about the dark forests they create inside themselves.
What do you see as your projects the greatest strength?
My project's greatest strength is its message and concept. I am pleased with its deep metaphorical story and its emotional application to almost any viewer. My project is strong with its cast –all the actors are very talented and committed to their craft. The same goes for my crew who have easily demonstrated they are well prepared for careers in the film industry. My script is strong with its convenient page number and few shoot locations. My project is strong in its ability to communicate its artistic design to the general public.
Last Thursday, Swedish intelligence agents intercepted an "emergency radio call" in Russian. The next day, another radio transmission was heard and a "foreign vessel" was seen in Swedish waters. Ever since, the Swedish military has been on a wild submarine chase, coordinating both naval and air forces to find this mysterious vessel in the Baltic Sea.
While this only became public knowledge last week, the Swedish military revealed over the weekend that it had been "monitoring suspicious activity in the area for several years." The transmissions were reportedly sent to the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad, located between Poland and Lithuania. Unsurprisingly, a Russian official says he has no idea what Sweden is so worried about; he thinks the vessel is Dutch.
"On Sunday, October 19, the Russian Defense Ministry provided assistance wherever possible to the Swedes in their unsuccessful search, saying that there were no incidents with Russian warships [in the Baltic Sea], including submarines," an anonymous Russian Defense Ministry source told ITAR-TASS. "For easing tension in the Baltic Sea and saving Swedish taxpayers' money, we would advise [Sweden] to request explanations from the Dutch Navy command." The Dutch have denied that they own the mystery vessel.
The Swedish military plans to continue the search for several more days. It is currently looking as far away as 44 miles from Stockholm for the vessel, and all forces are armed.
According to AFP, the public has been barred from coming within six miles of the search and all non-essential air-travel has been halted.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Hezbollah says it will not join the fighting against ISIS in Arsal, but is giving logistical support to the Lebanese Army.
The Islamist army known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) has gained a foothold Lebanon, where it is facing the Lebanese Army. Hezbollah, another potent Lebanese force, said Wednesday that it has no plan to directly engage ISIS at the present.
Hezbollah's leadership told the Lebanese Daily Star that the organization is providing only logistical support to the Lebanese Army in its battle against ISIS in Arsal, but it continues to secure its hold on surrounding areas and could enter the fray if the Islamists gain ground.
In seeking to establish a foothold in Lebanon, he said, ISIS first used car bombs, then suicide bombers, until it was prepared to launch an open battle.
For now, Hezbollah has taken a decision to step back from the confrontation with ISIS in Arsal and leave the mission to the Lebanese Army, which has no choice but to stamp out the threat at any cost, the official said.
However, the Shiite militia has deemed the 11 kilometers separating Arsal from Labweh, a bastion of support for Hezbollah, a red line which could trigger Hezbollah's direct intervention.
So far, the Lebanese army has lost 13 of its soldiers in a costly battle with rebels to retake the north-eastern Sunni town of Arsal – on the Syrian border and hitherto a resupply base for Islamists trying to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad.
The Lebanese Army said in a statement Monday that its forces were engaged in fierce battles with the Islamists in Arsal, where witnesses reached by telephone, including the deputy mayor, said shelling had hit the town from multiple directions and thousands of residents had fled.
Arsal is also one of the temporary homes for many of the Syrian war refugees who have sought sanctuary in eastern Lebanon, and witnesses said Lebanese Army checkpoints were refusing to let the refugees relocate deeper into the country. Some refugees said they were panicking because they had nowhere to go.
“The situation is miserable,” Arsal's deputy mayor, Ahmad Flitti, told the New York Times. “Now the shelters are full. Soon we are going to have shortages in drugs, and hospitals here will not be able to receive more wounded.”
The United Nations refugee agency's Lebanon representative, Ninette Kelley, said in a statement that she had traveled to the Bekaa Valley region near the fighting on Monday and was conferring with Lebanese officials “to determine what additional supplies should be mobilized for civilians in need, including food, water and medicines.”
The Arsal fighting began on Friday when the Lebanese Army arrested Imad Ahmad Jomaa, the commander of a Syrian Islamist rebel group, in Arsal. His disciples, which included brigades affiliated with Al Qaeda and the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, or ISIS, then attacked Lebanese troops, and the insurgents seized control of the town. They have demanded Jomaa's release as a condition for any cease-fire.
A high-ranking Hezbollah official told The Daily Star that Hezbollah is worried that the Lebanese Army's capabilities “do not match its resolve” to regain control of the Bekaa Valley town, where four days of clashes have killed 16 soldiers and nine civilians.
What ignited the situation, he added, was not so much Jomaa's arrest but ISIS's announcement “that the time had come to implement its plan and announce a vast Islamic emirate, imposing its emirs while sabotaging the Arab world and pushing it into the furnace of ignorance and backwardness in the name of Islam,” he said.
Instead of holding themselves accountable, Hillary Clinton and her partisan supporters are in a frenzy, blaming everyone but themselves for Donald Trump's victory. They insist Clinton was let down by her disloyal subjects, rather than acknowledging Clinton was a vastly flawed candidate who let down the Democratic Party and progressives by rigging the primaries, only to lose to a weak general election opponent.
Libertarian Gary Johnson was cited as a reason Clinton lost, as though a Libertarian was more likely to take votes away from the Democratic candidate than the Republican. Were it not for Johnson, Clinton would have lost New Mexico and possibly other states as well.
Clinton partisans also doubled down on their Russia conspiracies, and pointing the finger at Wikileaks and Green Party Candidate Jill Stein, because these frenzied smear tactics worked so well for them in the general election.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, the most popular politicians in the United States, ran one of the most consequential presidential campaigns in recent history. His campaign rallies drew record numbers. In contrast, Clinton drew small crowds at her campaign rallies—that is, when she wasn't hosting closed door elite galas instead. It was clear during the primaries that Clinton was the candidate of the Democratic Party's wealthy donors, and Sanders was the candidate of the people.
But rather than run a fair and balanced race between these two strata of the Democratic Party, Clinton used her political power to build a network of loyal journalists in the mainstream media. She aligned Democratic National Committee (DNC) staff with her campaign, coalescing the Democratic Party establishment around her candidacy. No other Democrat in office ran against Clinton besides Sanders because the consensus among the establishment was “it's her turn.” Only Sanders, the longest-serving independent in the history of congress, could take the political risks in standing up against Clinton's coronation as the Democratic presidential nominee.
After using performance-enhancing substances in the form of DNC staff who cheated to help her win, and an overtly biased media network, Clinton still failed in the general election. The Democrats' plan to get her backfired, leaving them with a mess in the form of a lost presidency, and a failure to recoup a majority in the House and Senate. The Democratic Party is in an existential crisis, and the only one who can bring them out of it is Sanders.
Sanders' trust and integrity among voters is unprecedented, even with voting demographics who don't share his political views. He brought thousands of disenchanted voters into the Democratic Party. But rather than embrace Sanders as a part of the Democratic Party, establishment Democrats did everything they could to work against his campaign in favor of Clinton. She was under an FBI investigation, and held a long record of political scandals and dubious ties that made her incredibly vulnerable in a general election.
Clinton was the embodiment of a political insider at a point in which voters were demanding an outsider to clean up the corruption in Washington, DC. Sanders was the best option to do that. He polled much better against Trump than Clinton, and was clean as far as politician scandals are concerned. The demographics who have been forgotten and ignored by politicians connected with Sanders, yet held a disdain towards the status quo Clinton represented. Her candidacy was a partnership between politicians and corporations, while her policies and comments exhibited disdain for the working and middle class abandoned by the Democratic Party. It should be of no surprise that Clinton lost all the states in the rust belt that provided President Obama with a comfortable victory in 2008 and 2012.
The only hope Democrats have now in recouping the losses of these voters is Sanders leading a truly progressive movement. Whether that is done within the Democratic Party or a new third party remains to be seen, and depends on whether those leaders responsible for Hillary Clinton actually learn from their mistakes.
| by Anonymous |
The redevelopment plan for Sun Media headquarters at 333 King Street East has undergone an amendment to accomodate another tenant: Coca-Cola. This means a new three-storey addition to the west wing of the Sun Building, which will contain about 100,000 square feet of office space for Coca-Cola Canada to set up their new shop. The design features a fluid glass façade elegantly set back with the colour of the Coke logo matching the red brick. Take a look at this promotional poster by the redevelopers First Gulf:
Promotional poster for redevelopment of old Toronto Sun building at 333 King St E
According to First Gulf's webpage for 333 King Street East, the building will be zoned for mixed-use and will incorporate 770,000 square feet of office space and 130,000 square feet of retail. So far, the listed tenants include Sun Media, No Frills, Coca-Cola and George Brown College, and soon there will also be an LCBO, CIBC, National Bank branch, Dollarama and Michael's Art Supplies on premises. Finally, no mixed-use low-rise redevelopment in a trendy neighbourhood is complete without the grumblings of yet another Starbucks opening.
CrossTalk: A New Kind of Party Game
The widest genre that exists within boardgaming is a “party game.” It encompasses games like Cards Against Humanity, where everyone gets to feel clever but the game makes all the jokes for you. It includes games like the ever-hilarious Time's Up: Title Recall where you play charades with strict limitations, and actually have to be clever and think quickly to win.
Another subgenre within party games includes the slower-paced, thinking party games. Codenames fits into this category and took the boardgame world by storm in 2015, emerging as an accessible, subdued party game of clever thinking and guessing. Crosstalk, released earlier this year by Nauvoo Games, exists in a similar space as Codenames, but takes the concept to the next level for more strategy-focused gamers.
GAME PLAY
In CrossTalk, two teams are both trying to guess the same word. The guessing and second-guessing begins almost immediately – by both the guessers and the clue-givers
Clue-givers can only give one-word clues, and the clues from both teams are public. The tricky part is that the opposing team's guesser gets to guess immediately after you give your clue. This, by itself would make for an interesting party game, but each team also starts the round by given their team one secret clue.
The timing paired with the hidden secret clue make for gameplay that is subtle, manipulative, and crafty. For example, you might be deliberately trying to confuse the other team with your public clue, while still providing relevant information for your teammate given the context of your hidden clue. However, since neither you nor your teammate know the other team's secret clue, the tendency toward subterfuge is strong, and the subtlety of your clues can easily slide the entire table into hilarious confusion.
As you might be able to tell, there is a lot to think about in a game of CrossTalk. Let's say the phrase both teams are guessing is “parking ticket.” One team could give the secret clue “car,” and the other team could give the clue “illegal.” Now, both captains have to try to give their teammate clues that won't give away too much to their opponent. If either team had the other team's hidden clue, guessing the word would be simple. This means each public clue becomes intentionally vague and less specific.
BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE
If you have ever wanted to design football plays, the hint board is perfect for you. Once per round, the clue-giver can hand a card to their teammate, linking all clues and guesses – of both teams – in an infographic format. It is truly hilarious drawing arrows between guesses, circling clues for emphasis, crossing clues out that you know were intentionally misleading, and underlining words to try to get your team to guess synonyms.
HOW IT FEELS
Tense and delicious. I have not stopped playing this game since I got it. It's a party game for both strategy gamers and your family members who have tried simpler games and were unfazed. It's a truly great party game in that it seems to have unlimited replayability, because like the best board games, you aren't just playing a game—you are playing your opponents.
WHAT DOESN'T WORK
There is a bit of awkwardness in the basic format of “I give a clue, the opponent's team guesses.” New players are confused as to whose turn it is.
The public clue board doesn't have blank spaces to write down guesses, which doesn't jive well with the hint board which has you trying to remember what the third guess was for the black team..
FINAL TAKE
If you are looking for the next party game that outperforms and outlasts its genre, you will absolutely enjoy CrossTalk. It's going to be around for a long time, and I definitely can't see it leaving my collection.
18/20 – Highly Recommended
Editor's Note: This is a republication of a very popular article Whitney Hess (@whitneyhess) originally wrote on her blog, Pleasure & Pain, back in November. We usually avoid duplicating popular content, but this is such valuable information that we wanted to make sure as many people saw it as possible.
Five months ago I wrote a post titled, "So you wanna be a user experience designer," in which I gathered all of the resources in my UX arsenal: publications and blogs, books, local events, organizations, mailing lists, webinars, workshops, conferences, and schooling. My intent was to give aspiring user experience designers, or even those on the hunt for additional inspiration, a launching pad for getting started.
The response has been pretty remarkable—the link continues to be sent around the Twitterverse and referenced in the blogosphere. I'm really pleased that so many people have found it to be a useful aid in their exploration of User Experience.
In the post I promised that it would be the beginning of a series, and I'm happy to report that Step 2 is finally here: Guiding Principles.
"Guiding principles" are the broad philosophy or fundamental beliefs that steer an organization, team or individual's decision making, irrespective of the project goals, constraints, or resources.
I have collected a set of guiding principles for user experience designers, to encourage behaviors that I believe are necessary to being a successful practitioner, as well as a set of guiding principles for experience design—which I think anyone who touches a product used by humans should strive to follow.
DISCLAIMER: These lists are meant to be both cogent and concise. While there are certainly other universal truths that I may not have noted, the principles below are the ones I consider to be most critical to designing user experiences and are often the most neglected.
I would love to hear your additions and edits in the comments.
5 Guiding Principles for Experience Designers
Understand the underlying problem before attempting to solve it
Your work should have purpose—addressing actual, urgent problems that people are facing. Make sure that you can clearly articulate the core of the issue before spending an ounce of time on developing the design. The true mark of an effective designer is the ability to answer "why?". Don't waste your time solving the wrong problems.
Don't hurt anyone
It is your job to protect people and create positive experiences. At the very minimum you must ensure that you do not cause any pain. The world is filled with plenty of anguish—make your life goal not to add to it.
Make things simple and intuitive
Leave complexity to family dynamics, relationships, and puzzles. The things you create should be easy to use, easy to learn, easy to find, and easy to adapt. Intuition happens outside of conscious reasoning, so by utilizing it you are actually reducing the tax on people's minds. That will make them feel lighter and likely a lot happier.
Acknowledge that the user is not like you
What's obvious to you isn't necessarily obvious to someone else. Our thought processes and understanding of the world around us are deeply affected by our genetics, upbringing, religious and geographical culture, and past experiences. There is a very small likelihood that the people you are designing for having all the distinctive qualities that make you you. Don't assume you innately understand the needs of your customers. How many people do you think truly understand what it feels like to be you?
Have empathy
Empathy is the ability to understand and share another person's perspective and feelings. Step outside your box and try really hard to understand the world from another person's point of view. Go out of your way to identify with their needs. If certain things just don't make sense to you, ask more questions. Ask as many questions as you need to until you finally understand. When you really get what makes people tick and why they do what they do, you'll have a much easier time going to bat to make their lives better. If you aren't trying to make people's lives better, what are you even doing here?
20 Guiding Principles for Experience Design
Stay out of people's way
When someone is trying to get something done, they're on a mission. Don't interrupt them unnecessarily, don't set up obstacles for them to overcome, just pave the road for an easy ride. Your designs should have intentional and obvious paths, and should allow people to complete tasks quickly and freely.
Present few choices
The more choices a person is presented with, the harder it is for them to choose. This is what Barry Schwartz calls The Paradox of Choice. Remove the "nice to haves" and focus instead of the necessary alternatives a person needs to make in order to greatly impact the outcome.
Limit distractions
It's a myth that people can multitask. Short of chewing gum while walking, people can't actually do two things simultaneously; they end up giving less attention to both tasks and the quality of the interaction suffers. An effective design allows people to focus on the task at hand without having their attention diverted to less critical tasks. Design for tasks to be carried out consecutively instead of concurrently in order to keep people in the moment.
Group related objects near each other
Layout is a key ingredient to creating meaningful and useful experiences. As a person scans a page for information, they form an understanding about what you can do for them and what they can do for themselves using your services. To aid in that learning process, and to motivate interaction, don't force people to jump back and forth around disparate areas in order to carry out a single task. The design should be thoughtfully organized with related features and content areas appropriately chunked, and…
Create a visual hierarchy that matches the user's needs
…by giving the most crucial elements the greatest prominence. "Visual hierarchy" is a combination of several dimensions to aid in the processing of information, such as color, size, position, contrast, shape, proximity to like items, etc. Not only must a page be well organized so that it's easy to scan, but the prioritization of information and functionality ought to mimic real world usage scenarios. Don't make the most commonly used items the furthest out of reach.
Provide strong information scent
People don't like to guess. When they click around your site or product, they aren't doing so haphazardly; they're trying to follow their nose. If what they find when they get there isn't close to what they predicted, chances are they're going to give up and go elsewhere. Make sure that you use clear language and properly set expectations so that you don't lead people down the wrong path.
Provide signposts and cues
Never let people get lost. Signposts are one of the most important elements of any experience, especially one on the web where there are an infinite number of paths leading in all directions. The design should keep people aware of where they are within the overall experience at all times in a consistent and clear fashion. If you show them where they came from and where they're going, they'll have the confidence to sit back and relax and enjoy the ride.
Provide context
Context sets the stage for a successful delivery. By communicating how everything interrelates, people are much more likely to understand the importance of what they're looking at. Ensure that the design is self-contained and doesn't break people out of the experience except for when it's entirely necessary to communicate purpose.
Avoid jargon
Remember that the experience is about them (the customer), not you (the business). Like going to a foreign country and expecting the lady behind the counter to understand English, it's just as rude to talk to your visitors using lingo that's internal to your company or worse, expressions you made up to seem witty. Be clear, kind and use widely understood terminology.
Make things efficient
A primary goal of experience design is to make things efficient for the human before making things efficient for the computer. Efficiency allows for productivity and reduced effort, and a streamlined design allows more to get done in the same amount of time. Creating efficiency demonstrates a great deal of respect for your customers, and they'll be sure to notice.
Use appropriate defaults
Providing preselected or predetermined options is one of the ways to minimize decisions and increase efficiency. But choose wisely: if you assign the defaults to the wrong options (meaning that the majority of people are forced to change the selection), you'll end up creating more stress and processing time.
Use constraints appropriately
Preventing error is a lot better than just recovering from it. If you know ahead of time that there are certain restrictions on data inputs or potential dead ends, stop people from going down the wrong road. By proactively indicating what is not possible, you help to establish what is possible, and guide people to successful interactions. But make sure the constraints are worthwhile—don't be overly cautious or limiting when it's just to make things easier for the machine.
Make actions reversible
There is no such thing as a perfect design. No one and nothing can prevent all errors, so you're going to need a contingency plan. Ensure that if people make mistakes (either because they misunderstood the directions or mistyped or were misled by you), they are able to easily fix them. Undo is probably the most powerful control you can give a person—if only we had an undo button in life.
Reduce latency
No one likes to wait. Lines suck. So do delays in an interface. Do whatever you can to respond to people's requests quickly or else they'll feel like you aren't really listening. And if they really have to wait…
Provide feedback
…tell them why they're waiting. Tell them that you're working. Tell them you heard them and offer the next step along their path. Design is not a monologue, it's a conversation.
Use emotion
Ease of use isn't the only measure of a positive user experience; pleasurably is just as important. Something can be dead simple, but if it's outrageously boring or cold it can feel harder to get through. Designs should have flourishes of warmth, kindness, whimsy, richness, seduction, wit—anything that incites passion and makes the person feel engaged and energized.
Less is more
This isn't necessarily about minimalism, but it is important to make sure that everything in the design has a purpose. Some things are purely functional; other things are purely aesthetic. But if they aren't adding to the overall positivity of the experience, then take it out. Reduce the design to the necessary fundamentals and people will find it much easier to draw themselves in the white space.
Be consistent
Navigational mechanisms, organizational structure and metaphors used throughout the design must be predictable and reliable. When things don't match up between multiple areas, the experience can feel disjointed, confusing and uncomfortable. People will start to question whether they're misunderstanding the intended meaning or if they missed a key cue. Consistency implies stability, and people always want to feel like they're in good hands.
Make a good first impression
You don't get a second chance! Designing a digital experience is really no different than establishing a set of rules for how to conduct yourself in a relationship. You want to make people feel comfortable when you first meet them, you want to set clear expectations about what you can and can't offer, you want to ease them into the process, you want to be attractive and appealing and strong and sensible. Ultimately you want to ensure that they can see themselves with you for a long time.
Be credible and trustworthy
It's hard to tell who you can trust these days, so the only way to gain the confidence of your customers is to earn it—do what you say you're going to do, don't over promise and under deliver, don't sell someone out to fulfill a business objective. If you set people's expectations appropriately and follow through in a timely matter, people will give you considerably more leeway than if they're just waiting for you to screw them over.
The above principles are general and can be applied across many types of experiences. However some products require a more focused set of directives due to their specific audiences or brand goals. Below are examples of Guiding Principles that have been made public by some of the best known organizations. Use these as inspiration, but don't think that just following the same instructions will yield the same results.
UX Design Principles at Major Organizations
Additional Resources
The reported return of Yoenis Cespedes to the New York Mets could spell the end of another outfielder's tenure in Queens.
With the Mets' outfield now overcrowded, the team is reportedly looking to deal from that surplus, with Jay Bruce and Curtis Granderson apparently being the most likely trade candidates, according to Marc Carig of Newsday.
Dangling one of those bats in a trade could help the Mets fill one of their other needs, including a bullpen arm, an upgrade at catcher, or another right-handed bat. Bruce and Granderson both swing from the left side.
Bruce, who was acquired from Cincinnati at the trade deadline, had his $13-million option for 2017 picked up by New York earlier this winter, largely as insurance in case Cespedes walked.
Still, the 29-year-old's name has been surfacing in rumors throughout the offseason after struggling during his brief tenure at Citi Field. The Toronto Blue Jays, who nearly acquired Bruce last February, reportedly discussed a trade for the three-time All-Star earlier this month.
Granderson saw his rate statistics and stolen-base numbers drop slightly in 2016, but he did reach the 30-homer mark for the fourth time in his career. He was also a constant presence in a Mets lineup that suffered through a myriad of injuries in 2016, as he played in 150 of the team's 162 games. It was the fifth time in his last six seasons that he played at least 150 games.
The 35-year-old is entering the final season of a four-year, $60-million deal he signed with the Mets in 2014; he'll be paid $15-million next year.
Earlier in November it was reported that teams had approached the Mets about their glut of outfielders, including Bruce, Granderson, and young outfielder Michael Conforto.
IRS official Lois Lerner testifies on Capitol Hill on May 22, 2013. (Photo: J. Scott Applewhite, AP)
WASHINGTON -- House Republicans stepped up their investigation of the Internal Revenue Service on Monday after the tax agency said it lost copies of more than two years worth of e-mails at the center of a congressional probe.
The missing e-mails have rekindled a 13-month-old controversy over the IRS' treatment of conservative groups. The IRS says a computer crash destroyed e-mails to and from former Exempt Organizations Director Lois Lerner during the time period when the IRS was first starting to hold up tax exemption applications from Tea Party groups.
Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp, R-Mich, said Monday that House Republicans were "simply not going to accept the IRS claim that these documents are not recoverable." He called on the Obama administration to order the release of any e-mails Lerner may have sent to the White House or other agencies.
Speculation about those e-mails is "indicative of the kinds of conspiracies that are propagated around this story," White House spokesman Josh Earnest said aboard Air Force One as President Obama returned from a West Coast trip Monday. "And they're propagated in a way that has left people with a very mistaken impression about what exactly occurred."
The IRS said Lerner's computer hard drive crashed in 2011, destroying local copies of e-mails she sent and received between January 2009 and April 2011. Regardless, the IRS said it was able to recover 24,000 e-mails from that time period through other sources, and it has already turned them over as part of the 67,000 e-mails it's turned over to Congress.
IRS Commissioner John Koskinen agreed Monday to testify to two House committees about the e-mails: the Oversight and Government Reform Committee on June 23 and the Ways and Means Committee on June 24.
Last month, the House voted to hold Lerner in contempt of Congress for refusing to answer lawmakers' questions. The Justice Department is investigating whether any laws were broken by IRS officials.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1i2TPra
Story from PRI's The World. Listen to the above audio for a complete report.
A young Israeli man from Jerusalem is facing charges of committing acts of vandalism and making death threats.
By itself, the case doesn't amount to much in the ongoing Israeli-Palestinian conflict. But some say it highlights a worrisome trend.
So-called “price tag” attacks are acts of revenge for moves Jewish settlers and their supporters perceive to be hostile. According to the Israeli military, these attacks are on the rise. And they have the potential to spark much greater violence.
Brigadier General Nitzan Alon, who recently finished a two-year stint as the top Israeli commander in the occupied West Bank, had some blunt words for right-wing Jewish extremists at a ceremony announcing his replacement.
He said these individuals are insignificant in numbers, but not in influence.
Alon went on to say these attacks could spark serious violence. He described them as acts of terror and said the military needs to do more to stop them.
These comments are not new to Palestinians in the West Bank village of Burin.
Fifty-year-old Hanan Nasser Sufan lives on the edge of the village in a household of 13 people. They raise sheep and grow olives just down the hill from the Jewish settlement of Yitzhar.
Standing on her roof and wearing a black headscarf, Sufan recounted how her family's cement house had been attacked dozens of times by settlers in recent years.
“They throw stones at us. They spray paint on our windows and our house. And they throw Molotov cocktails on us,” she said.
Sufan said the family's olive trees have been cut down, their sheep poisoned and their cars vandalized.
Across the West Bank, according to the United Nations, attacks by extremist Jewish settlers on Palestinians or their property has nearly tripled in the last two years. Some incidents follow the pattern of “price tag” attacks. They're carried out in retaliation for specific Israeli government actions, such as the demolition of buildings in illegal settlement outposts.
Mosques have been vandalized. Israeli soldiers and army property have been attacked as well. And what some Israelis find most alarming is that these revenge attacks could be spreading beyond the occupied territories.
One morning last week, peace activist Hagit Ofran woke up to find a warning spray-painted in her Jerusalem apartment building.
“My stairway was sprayed with nasty graffiti calling for my death,” Ofran said. “Death threats and some names of illegal outposts that are now under threat to be demolished by the government.”
Ofran's organization, Peace Now, just received a bomb threat at its headquarters in one of Jerusalem's most exclusive neighborhoods. Ofran thinks the current political climate in Israel is partly to blame. She said extremist settlers are trying to bully their opponents. Their right-wing allies in the Israeli government aren't stopping them.
Barak Raz, a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces, said what's going on here is criminal violence, carried out by a small number of radical Jewish extremists.
“But their actions do undermine the security stability and that is why the military, but also and mainly the police and other security services, are taking a very serious look at it, and are making arrests and are questioning people and also prosecuting,” Raz said.
Alex Ostrovsky, 26, said he was hauled in for questioning about an alleged “price tag” attack. But he said he had nothing to do with it, and he was released.
Ostrovsky is an activist working to expand Jewish settlements, even where the Israeli government forbids it. He said the Israeli army has lost legitimacy, essentially collaborating with the Palestinians to limit settlement expansion.
And the “price tag” attacks, Ostrovsky said they're just self-defense.
“Of course they're self-defense,” he said. “It's not like someone wakes up one morning and says, ‘I think I'll burn a mosque today.' It's a war. And at the end of the day, we are going to fight.”
At one point, Ostrovsky took a drag on his cigarette and said the current generation is not like the past generations that built the settlements.
“The people who built the first Jewish settlements always tried to politely explain themselves," he said.
But Ostrovsky said he's not going to apologize for living in the West Bank. This is his home, he said.
----------------------------------------------------------
PRI's "The World" is a one-hour, weekday radio news magazine offering a mix of news, features, interviews, and music from around the globe. "The World" is a co-production of the BBC World Service, PRI and WGBH Boston. More about The World.
On October 27, the foundation stone of the Dhirubhai Ambani Aerospace Park was laid at the Multi-modal International Cargo Hub and Airport (MIHAN) at Nagpur. Union transport minister Nitin Gadkari and Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis, both natives of the city, were present for the ceremony. This ambitious Rs 6,500-crore venture by Reliance Aerospace, a collaboration between the Anil Ambani group and Dassault Aviation of France, is the second major project at MIHAN. For both Gadkari and Fadnavis, this is an important step forward in their ambitious plan to make Nagpur an economic powerhouse.
For close to five decades not even a leaf stirred in Nagpur, the winter capital of Maharashtra. It remained a sleepy backwater, known for its oranges and educational institutions, but little else. In the last three years, however, its growth has been nothing short of phenomenal.
It was three years or so ago in May 2014 that the city elected Gadkari as its member of parliament – the first time the BJP could break the stranglehold of the Congress and the left of Centre parties in the headquarters of the RSS. More significantly, it was also exactly three years ago that Fadnavis, another Nagpur man, was sworn in as chief minister of Maharashtra. Both politicians, though not allies, have been doing their bit to boost investment in the city as part of their Vidarbha state dream.
“I would rather have been chief minister of Vidarbha,” Fadnavis had reportedly told Congress legislator Sanjay Dutt soon after his election. That was an indication, a suspicious Dutt says, that there are plans to hive off the region from Maharashtra.
On his part, in the run-up to the assembly elections, Gadkari had attempted to incite people into violence over Vidarbha. “Agitate like they did for Telangana. We will persuade Congress to go along with us like we did with them over dividing Andhra Pradesh,” he said. But he also had a crib: “Every time we organise a show for Vidarbha, some 50 people gather on the streets and disperse after a tepid response. No one goes further than that.” Not surprisingly, the incendiary appeal left the people of Vidarbha cold.
So Fadnavis and Gadkari have decided to do something about Vidarbha themselves. As soon as he was sworn in as Union roads minister, Gadkari kick-started a metro rail project in Nagpur, which most experts believe was totally unnecessary for the one-horse town that Nagpur has remained for decades. The metro covers the outlying areas of Nagpur beyond its airport which were once villages outside the municipal limits of the city but are now being developed and brought within its purview – essential if Nagpur has to be turned into a city worthy of a state capital.
Even more significant is the MIHAN, a special economic zone which was conceptualised and started in 2001 by the then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh with the establishment of a Boeing cargo headquarters. MIHAN had no takers until recently but is now seeing a bit of activity.
Now there are two more bit projects in the offing. Reliance Aviation is one and Baba Ramdev's Patanjali is another. It has been allotted 230 acres of land for a food park at Rs 60 crore, which is around 25% of the market rate. Despite a raging controversy about crony capitalism, Patanjali is briskly building a plant that will begin to bottle orange juice – Nagpur is the orange capital of India – from November 2018. Ramdev has already said Patanjali plans to drive Tropicana out of business. There is a backstory to this challenge as Tropicana is packaged at Dynamix Dairy in Baramati, the parliamentary constituency and home turf of Sharad Pawar.
Notwithstanding this apparent competition, Gadkari, and perhaps even Fadnavis, is fascinated by Pawar's model of business and politics. Pawar has succeeded in turning a drought-prone once-barren area into a lush agricultural and horticultural expanse and industrial hub that has generated massive employment. This has, in turn, converted the political constituency into his pocket borough – he or his family have never lost a single election there even in adverse times. MIHAN is part of the Gadkari plan to emulate that model and he hopes to bring in many more investors.
But so far there are just three investors and that is not enough, say skeptics.
Apprehensions over separation of Vidarbha
According to Rahul Kale, a second generation entrepreneur running a successful cosmetics business from the region, MIHAN essentially remains about land speculation and not about industries. The industrial zones of Baramati and Buti Bori near Nagpur were inaugurated on the same day in the 1970s by the same chief minister. Yet Baramati today is humming with industries while there are hardly any investors in Nagpur, which has essentially remained backward.
Kale says the argument for separation of Vidarbha from Maharashtra for growth is not a valid one. When Vidarbha separated from the Mahakaushal region of Madhya Pradesh, its per capita income (PCI) and human development index (HDI) were at par with the contiguous districts of Betul, Seoni and Balaghat in MP, which are similar in terms of climate, rainfall, soil quality, etc. Yet today Vidarbha is way ahead in terms of HDI and PCI – so while Vidarbha might be ‘backward' in comparison with western Maharashtra, it has benefited by its association with Maharashtra. There are real fears that if Vidarbha separates, it could end up like Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh, which today are worse off than they were as parts of Bihar and MP.
All India Congress Committee general secretary Avinash Pande, a former Rajya Sabha MP and former MLA from Nagpur agrees. “Today I can proudly say I am from an A grade state like Maharashtra. There are large sections of youngsters who look to Mumbai for their future. They do not want to end up as citizens of a C grade state that Vidarbha will become in case of separation. I am for a separate Vidarbha but not before we catch up with Mumbai and western Maharashtra. ”
Conscious of those reservations among the people from the region, that is precisely what Fadnavis is going about doing, but quietly – playing catch up. Apart from educational and career opportunities for the youth, Nagpur has some premiere markets like in wood (it is also the frames capital of India), iron, coal and manganese, etc. Traders have threatened to shift operations to Mumbai, which is an important outlet for their produce, in case Vidarbha separates from Maharashtra. This could further deprive Vidarbha of its economic importance.
To combat that threat, Fadnavis has thrown his weight behind the Samruddhi Expressway between Nagpur and Mumbai. This 750 km highway, crucial to Vidarbha, is a prestige project for him but has not yet moved forward essentially because farmers in Amravati, Aurangabad and Nashik, on the way, are bitterly opposed to the acquisition of fertile patches of land.
The expressway is also aimed at moving industries from Mumbai to Nagpur and giving those in Nagpur easy access to ports in Mumbai. There is speculation that the Bombay Port Trust (BPT) will be shifted to Porbandar and there has been an ongoing effort to shift the diamond bourse to Surat. Branches of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) have already been shifted to Ahmedabad.
Some Shiv Sena activists, especially those who deal with labour unions in the RBI and BPT, have raised the issue because they fear job losses and a depletion of their vote banks, but the party has not fully grasped the implications of Mumbai losing its industries and institutions which will be farmed out between Vidarbha and Gujarat. That will completely take away Mumbai's status as a commercial capital and give a boost to Vidarbha.
Yet, all of Fadnavis's hopes and plans may come up with the harsh reality in Nagpur. New malls and multiplexes have been built but that is still real estate without industry – what use will those shops selling international brands be?
Nitin Raut, a former guardian minister of the district says, “Banks have stopped extending credit to the Nagpur Municipal Corporation, the city has become a garbage dump because the corporation cannot pay wages to its workers to collect the trash and unplanned infrastructure built unscientifically has led the authorities to dig up roads again and again. Bridges are demolished within a few years of constructing them because the alignment went all wrong. Does that make for a capital city?''
“Companies like Godrej and Tata rushed in to build townships on the expectation of the growth. But sales are at a standstill. Patanjali can at the most creation 50,000 jobs, Reliance a few more. That number is not enough to sustain the economy,” he says.
No attention has been paid to rural Vidarbha. Hemant Gadkari of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena says, “What we need is not separation of Vidarbha from Maharashtra but establishment of irrigation facilities and re-establishment of ginning and spinning mills that have shut down over the decades and are now being converted into malls.” He says farmers whose land has been acquired for MIHAN will at best find jobs as peons and watchmen in Patanjali and Reliance because they are not skilled for industry.
Perhaps conscious of this, Gadkari announced last week that the long-pending – and jinxed – Gosikhurd dam project is being revived with an infusion of Rs 750 crore under the Prime Minister Agriculture and Irrigation scheme. The dam will help irrigate 2.5 hectares of land in the four districts of Gondia, Bhandara, Chandrapur and Nagpur.
For the moment, both Nagpur politicians are directing their efforts in making the state, or at least the city, a buzzing industrial hive. But they will need to do much more than bring in a couple of big ticket investors. Most people in the state are quite comfortable with being part of Maharashtra and unless they see real economic and growth prospects which translate into jobs and a better life for themselves, Gadkari and Fadnavis can bid goodbye to their Vidarbha state dream.
Sujata Anandan is an author and journalist based in Mumbai.
1.) Brush twice a day.
2.) Dress right for the weather.
3.) Visit the dentist regularly.
4.) Get plenty of rest.
5.) Make sure your hair is dry before going outside.
6.) Eat right.
7.) Get outside in the sun every once in a while.
8.) Always wear a seatbelt.
9.) Control your drinking of alcoholic beverages.
10.) Smile! It will make you feel better.
11.) Don't over indulge yourself.
12.) Bathe regularly.
13.) Read to exercise the brain.
14.) Surround yourself with friends.
15.) Stay away from too much caffeine.
16.) Use the bathroom regularly.
17.) Get plenty of exercise.
18.) Have your eyes checked regularly.
19.) Eat plenty of vegetables.
20.) Believe that people will like you for who you are.
21.) Forgive and forget.
22.) Take plenty of vacations.
23.) Celebrate all special occasions.
24.) Pick up a hobby.
25.) Love your neighbor as yourself.
Do all these things and you will be a happier, healthier person.
Jeremy Corbyn's bid to be re-elected as Labour leader received a boost today as Unite, the largest trade union in the UK, confirmed it would support his campaign.
The position was not voted on by the workers' body executive committee, due to previous votes to back Corbyn, as well as the issuing of supportive motions at Unite's policy conference in July.
The union, which is affiliated to Labour, has 1.4 million members. It is the seventh formally affiliated union to back Corbyn, with Aslef, BFAWU, CWU, FBU, UCATT, TSSA all supporting his re-election. Community, USDAW and the Musicians' Union have backed rival Owen Smith.
Len McCluskey, general secretary of Unite, has previously said attempts to unseat Corbyn were “a political lynching of a decent man”.
McCluksey has been a longtime ally of Corbyn, and the union backed him in the 2015 contest. Since the MPs' rebellion after the EU referendum, McCluskey has repeatedly called for the party to rally behind Corbyn's leadership.
Unite delegates recently voted to support mandatory re-selection of Labour MPs opposed to Corbyn's leadership, saying they have worked to “destabilise” his position. The union has also lent its space to the Jeremy for Labour campaign, which has operated phonebanks for the Labour leader out of its London headquarters.
Other unions Unison and GMB are due to announce their nominations in the near future after balloting their members on which candidate to support.
The Wichita Fire Department unveiled nine new fire engines and a new ladder truck -- replacing part of an aging fleet. The department also has hired 17 new firefighters. KMUW's Carla Eckels has more...
Fire Marshal Brad Crisp says the new equipment will help improve service and enhance safety. He says the new engines look slightly different.
"They've got a red with a black top which is going to actually make them more visible at night so safer than far as visibility goes," he says. "They have better driver vision capabilities the windshields are much wider and our drivers are going to be able to observe what's coming in traffic and while we're going in route to alarms. They have lower hose beds which we anticipate reduction in injuries of firefighters having to pull hose by having to step up on the tailboard and I think that is going to be a great advantage."
Crisp says the new fire engines also have jaws of life units installed, which will let them respond to serious accidents sooner. Along with equipment, the department added 17 new fire recruits.
"So they're the newest members of Wichita's bravest," he says. "They came to us -- 6 of them anyway, through a federal SAFER grant which is Staffing Apparatus For Emergency Response Grant. We we're allowed to hire 6 we gave preference for military veterans which we were able to hire 4 military veterans and this grant really allows us to fill 6 firefighter vacancies that we lost last year."
The new firefighters are expected to complete training by fall.
Our results showed a number of cases with NMDAR antibody positivity in a broader range of psychiatric disorders, such as sleep disorders and schizophrenia (group A: 3 out of 5 cases, B: 3 out of 5 cases & C: 4 out of 51 cases). Although the causative relationship between NMDAR antibody positivity and psychiatric symptoms in these patients are unknown, they exhibit unique demographic and clinical characteristics. Eight (out of 10) are female, the majority of cases are 20–30 year olds, and ovarian tumors are found in 2 patients. Most of their symptoms are resistant to pharmacological treatments but respond relatively well to mECT, the clinical characteristics often seen in psychotic symptoms associated with NMDAR encephalitis [22, 23].
NMDAR and psychiatric symptoms Schizophrenia is a common, heterogeneous, and complex disorder with unknown aetiology [24]. There is established evidence of NMDAR hypofunction [25] as a central component of the functional dysconnectivity; this is one of the most accepted models for schizophrenia [26]. Moreover, autoimmune mechanisms have been proposed to be involved, at least in subgroups of schizophrenia patients [27, 28]. In the last few years, a number of antibodies to neuronal cell surface antigens have been identified in cases of autoimmune encephalitis that respond to immunotherapy [29, 30]. Over two-thirds of patients with NMDAR antibody encephalitis have prominent psychiatric symptoms or may present to psychiatric services in the first instance [23, 29, 31–33]. The psychiatric symptoms are those seen in schizophrenia including delusions, hallucinations, and catatonic movement disorder. This characteristic clinical presentation resembles acute psychosis followed by a rapid decline in the level of consciousness, central hypoventilation, seizures, involuntary movements, and autonomic instability. Although anti-NMDAR encephalitis is a potentially fatal condition, if the diagnosis is made rapidly, effective treatments are available [29, 34]. In fact, the most favorable outcome occurs with tumor removal (e.g., teratoma), usually in combination with immunotherapy (IV steroids, IV immunoglobulin, or plasma exchange) [9, 35]. Also, a good clinical outcome was reported in patients treated with immunotherapy without tumor removal [36, 37]. Besides tumor removal and immunotherapy, symptomatic treatment with antiepileptic drugs and benzodiazepines may partially relieve symptoms [5, 36]. Our first three cases in group A had typical clinical pictures of anti-NMDAR encephalitis, beginning with psychiatric symptoms, followed by seizures and disturbances of consciousness (Table 1, group A). No tumors were found in these cases, but two of them responded well to steroid pulse treatments.
Hypersomnia and encephalitis As far as we know, there has been no report of narcolepsy with NMDAR antibody positivity. However, two studies reported that some patients with contemporary Encephalitis Lethergica (EL) were positive for NMDAR antibodies [23, 38]. Ten out of twenty patients were positive and these patients predominantly fit into the dyskinetic form of EL [38]. The five patients with the somnolent-Parkinsonian form of EL, which is considered to be the classic form of EL, were negative for NMDAR antibodies [38]. These results together with the fact that 3 out of 5 narcoleptic subjects who were positive for anti-NMDAR antibodies exhibited severe psychiatric symptoms and that 8 out of 10 conventional narcoleptic subjects studied were negative for NMDAR antibodies (p = 0.025, Chi-square test), show that NMDAR antibody positivity may be more specifically related with occurrences of psychiatric symptoms. Nevertheless, it is possible that the immune mediated mechanisms are more frequently involved in narcolepsy and that these may also be responsible for their associated symptoms, and further studies are warranted.
The prevalence of NMDAR positivity in group C The occurrence rate of NMDAR positive cases in our group C (4 out of 51 cases) is similar to that of Zandi's report (3 out of 46 cases)[33]. Since there had been no reported cases of NMDAR antibodies identified in patients with purely psychiatric disorders, Zandi et al. [33] hypothesized that this antibody would be present in a proportion of patients with early schizophrenia, in the absence of overt seizures, movement disorders, or other neurological signs. They found 3 cases in 46 examined cases that fulfilled DSM IV criteria for schizophrenia, and the patients were tested early in the course of their illness. They also described the first case of a patient with NMDAR antibodies and a purely psychiatric presentation, that responded to immunotherapy (plasmapheresis, oral prednisolone).
Atypical psychosis The term, “atypical psychosis” has been used, especially by Japanese psychiatrists [39] as a possible clinical entity for acute and transient psychotic disorders which cannot be easily classified as either schizophrenia or a mood disorder with psychotic features. Some of the important clinical characteristics of atypical psychosis include acute onset, emotional disturbances, psychomotor disturbances, alternations of consciousness, high prevalence in women, and oriented premorbid personality, characteristics that mirror those of our psychotic cases. These authors had suspected involvements of brain organic changes in atypical psychosis. However, atypical psychosis, by its meaning, comprises a widely varied and poorly understood collection of disorders, and atypical psychosis was listed in DSM-III-R under the heading Psychosis Not Otherwise Specified (NOS); this does not define the nosological entity and is rather used as a residual category. Consequently, in DSM-IV, the term atypical psychosis is no longer mentioned as a synonym for this category. While schizophrenia and affective disorders have dominated the psychiatric literature and research efforts in psychotic disorders, several other atypical psychotic conditions are emerging as significant. Included among these are psychotic disorders secondary to medical conditions [40]. If NMDAR antibody positivity is functionally involved in pathophysiology of the disease in the patients listed in group C, the disease will fit in the category of psychotic disorders secondary to medical condition. Together with our present study, further determination of whether the anti-NMDAR antibody plays functional roles in these patients with schizophrenia, schizo-affective disorders and atypical psychosis, is critical, since treatment choices, including immunotherapy, are different from those for classical psychosis and since the immune mediated mechanisms may also be involved more frequently in these psychotic patients.
The lockout is over and the Bears are getting back into the swing of things at training camp in Bourbonnais. Despite the overwhelming heat, the fields have been bustling with fans. Luckily, some of those people have been taking pictures and covering the event via Twitter.
That way people such as myself can enjoy coverage on my favorite team, from the comforts of an air conditioned house. I shall drink my next beer in their honor. Thanks to the following for posting pictures from camp.
Without prolonging this juncture anymore…here are some pictures from Training Camp.
DT Stephen Paea weighs his options on what to do…punch block or bench press the entire sled.
OC Mike Martz instructs WR Johnny Knox to stop playing like Johnny Knox.
RB Matt Forte thinks about all the cool shit he's going to buy with his upcoming contract extension.
Newly single Jay Cutler is wearing a hat, bitches love hats.
DE's Israel Idonije and Julius Peppers mock how Adrian Peterson carries the ball
Cutler decides not to throw a 70 yard TD, instead hands ball off to RB Matt Forte
Jerry Angelo proudly decides to show off chest hair instead of a Free Agent Offensive Linemen
QB Jay Cutler throws ball at media, demanding more pictures be taken of his hat.
QB Jay Cutler fumbles a snap, claims buttocks of Roberto Garza isn't as cushy as Olin Kreutz's.
The Raiden of football, QB Jay Cutler can hot-route WR's with his eyes.
QB Jay Cutler shortly before being sacked 8 times on the same play.
Kid: “Can you sign it as The Bear Jew?” Gabe Carimi: “Sure”
1st Round draft choice Gabe Carimi steals gatorade from child. Mocks him afterward.
Since cutting off his dreadlocks, Devin Hester hasn't been the same, wearing gloves from his face.
Kid does his best impression of Da Coach Mike Ditka, UPVOTES for him.
Safety Chris Harris signs autographs “Chris Harris…I picked off Mike Vick”
The Bear Jew Gabe Carimi may look like Roy from The Office but he plays like Darrell from The Office.
Urlacher and Chris Harris pick on their teammates.
Bear WR's Sam Hurd, Roy Williams, and Jimmy Young wait in endzone for Caleb Hanie to throw them TD's.
OL Coach Mike Tice works 1st hand with the Bear Jew Gabe Carimi….and lived to tell about it.
While we have your attention, please take a minute and swing by our Message Boards to discuss Chicago Sports with many other fans. http://chicitysports.com/forum
I love the holidays. In terms of themes, traditions, and elaborate decorations, there's just so much to love about them. I've loved them since I was a kid. I still love them as an adult. The older I get, the more reasons I find the love the holidays.
With that in mind, I'd like to share one of those reasons for anyone who might not have enough to love the holidays as much as I do. Even if you don't need another reason, one more couldn't hurt. On top of that, this one has to do with sex, love, and making babies under the light of a Christmas tree. I hope I have your attention now.
No, this isn't just me trying to sell one of my sexy holiday-themed novels, although I do have one that I'm more than happy to promote. This is me reporting on a real scientific phenomenon that's both sexy and festive, a potent combination for this time of year, if ever there was one.
It comes courtesy of Health.com, a site not known for being festive or sexy. However, one particular reports on a lesser-known phenomenon associated with the holidays and it has little to do with how many times people watch “The Charlie Brown Christmas Special.”
According to a real study published in Scientific Reports, there is a notable uptick in sexual interest during the holidays and that interest actually results in a surge of babies the following September. No, this isn't something out of The Onion. This is a direct quote.
More babies are born in September than any other month in the United States, which means that nine months prior—right around Christmas and New Year's—is the most popular time of year for conception.
Think about that for a moment, especially if your birthday is in September. Despite all the whining about the so-called War on Christmas or the overt commercialization of Christmas, there's still something about the holidays that gets people in the mood. As an aspiring erotica/romance writer and a lover of Christmas, this fills my eyes with tears of holiday joy.
The actual data of the study is pretty revealing in that holidays seem to have a genuine effect on our collective libido. It's not just Christmas that sees this effect either, but since it's the biggest holiday of the year in terms of raw capital, the sexy effects are most pronounced.
If you're interested in the raw data or just want to know the specifics of such a sexy study, here's what researchers at Indiana University and the Instituto Gulbenkian de Ciencia in Portugal did to surmise this sexy, yet festive conclusion. It's not exactly in depth, but the results speak for themselves.
To investigate mood and interest in sex, researchers looked at Google Trends data from 2004 to 2014, and Twitter data from 2010 to 2014, in nearly 130 countries. In predominantly Christian countries, they found that web searches for the word sex were the highest around Christmas—even in countries in the Southern hemisphere, like Australia and Argentina, where Christmas takes place in the summer. In majority Muslim countries, web searches for sex spiked around Eid-al-Fitr, a major holiday that marks the end of Ramadan. This was particularly interesting, say the researchers, since Ramadan is based on a lunar calendar and is observed during different seasons, depending on the year. The study is the first “planetary-level” look at human interest and desire as they refer to sex and reproduction at different times of the year, says co-lead author Luis Rocha, PhD, professor of informatics and associate professor of cognitive science at Indiana University. And it offers strong support for the idea that interest in sex peaks during major cultural or religious celebrations, he says.
Beyond the data, it makes a lot of sense from a purely anecdotal perspective. The holidays, especially Christmas, make us all more inherently aware of traditions and personal connections. We often take time off work, break from our rigorous routines, and share quality moments with our loved ones.
More quality moments, absent the rigors of work, mean more opportunities to get sexy. Add cold weather that forces us to remain indoors and huddling together for body heat and those opportunities get even sexier. It's just basic math and the sexiest kind of biology.
Considering there's more than one person in my family who was born in September, I like to think my folks have contributed to this phenomenon. I think it's a phenomenon that deserves more celebration, even if it can never exceed the strong association between holidays and overpriced toys.
It's also worth noting that in the pre-Christian era of Western Civilization, there was this proto-Christmas holiday that Ancient Roman celebrated called Saturnalia. While some of its traditions aren't directly linked to the holiday that became Christmas, it did involve such festivities as gift-giving, feasts, and constant partying. For those with particularly elaborate holiday traditions, that should sound familiar.
Whatever the source, be it the pre-Christian traditions or the modern commercialism we've all embraced, there's just something about the holidays that makes us all feel a bit friskier. It's a beautiful thing and the fact that there's real science to bake it up just makes it all the more beautiful.
So, in the spirit of the holidays, I urge everyone to take some time in between gift-giving and Christmas cookies to get a little extra cozy with your lover. You won't be offending anyone's religious sensibilities by doing so. In fact, you'll be carrying on a proud tradition that the human race has celebrated since it invented the concept of holidays. If we're going to celebrate anything, we're going to get sexy while doing it.
With that in mind, I hope this adds a little sex appeal to your holiday traditions. If, come September, you find that your festities resulted in the creation of a new life, then you just gave that child even more reasons to love Christmas. Everybody wins.
Windows 10's first big update will arrive in August 2nd — or, at least, that's what it sounds like. Microsoft published a blog post earlier today that included only a headline, "Microsoft announces Windows 10 Anniversary Update available Aug. 2," and then pulled the story moments later. It's possible that Microsoft just got the date wrong, but, more likely than not, Microsoft seems to have just clicked the publish button earlier than it meant to. Presumably, a formal announcement will come soon.
Microsoft announced Windows 10's Anniversary Update back in March, during its Build conference. The update puts a major focus on Windows Ink, building out its feature set to make stylus use far more powerful. It also brings extensions to Edge, as well as smaller improvements to Hello and Cortana, along with some minor interface tweaks.
The Anniversary Update will be free (if you've already installed Windows 10)
As its name suggests, this update arrives very nearly on the anniversary of Windows 10's release, which began July 29th last year. In the time since, Microsoft has pushed Windows 10 onto over 300 million machines (albeit, in a sometimes aggressive manner that not everyone appreciated). That's been helped in large part because the update, for people with Windows 7 and 8, has been free — however, that'll change just before the Anniversary Update arrives.
The Anniversary Update will be free to everyone with Windows 10, though people updating from older versions of Windows are expected to have to pay $119 for a full installation. That's likely to significantly slow down adoption. It also means, if you've been putting off the update but planned to get around to it eventually, now's about the time to click install.
Windows 10 Review
GLENDALE, Ariz. -- One of the two Cuban prospects the Chicago Cubs have been chasing is now in the fold, as the club announced Sunday that a five-year major league deal is in place with left-hander Gerardo Concepcion.
The deal had been reported in early February, but squaring away the details, including establishing free agency, contract language and physicals, delayed the signing until now.
"One of our focuses has been on continuing to bring in pitching depth, and he's a 20-year-old left-hander, really good feel for pitching, three-pitch mix, has had success at a really young age in Cuba," general manager Jed Hoyer said. "He's a guy we're excited to bring over here and work with."
The 20-year-old is guaranteed $6 million in the deal. There is a $3 million signing bonus, with the other $3 million spread out over the length of the contract.
A year ago, at age 19 while pitching for Inustralies, Concepcion earned Cuban National Series rookie of the year honors, going 10-3 with a 3.36 ERA over 21 appearances (16 starts). A year earlier in the Cuban Junior National Tournament he was 2-2 with a 3.06 ERA in 15 outings (six as a starter). He had 39 strikeouts and did not allow a home run in 47 innings.
Ultimately, that delay in signing caused a slight setback for Concepcion, who was placed on the 40-man roster, but will report to minor league camp in Mesa instead of getting into shape on the major league side. A big priority is to not make him feel rushed to make the major leagues.
"He's had some success early on there (in Cuba)," Hoyer said. "He's certainly advanced when it comes to feel for pitching, but I don't want to put expectations on him. Let's get him to the minor leagues and let him get out and perform, we'll figure that part out when we do that.
"With any Cuban guy there is an assimilation process. It's going to take some time, both socially and baseball-wise, so we don't want to put undo expectations on a guy that does need to assimilate to our culture.''
The Cubs also have reported interest in Cuban outfielder Jorge Soler, but he is still not officially a free agent after defecting last year and reportedly taking up residence in the Dominican Republic.
Major League Baseball rules prohibit reaching a deal with a player before free agency has been established, although there are some unsubstantiated reports that have said the Cubs and Soler have already agreed to a $27 million deal.
Are you getting ready for Christmas yet? Surprise your family and friends with some of these vegan Christmas cookies! They're all pretty easy to make and some of them are even low in sugar and gluten-free!
I absolutely LOVE Christmas baking! It reminds me so much of my childhood. And this year my Christmas mood actually started pretty early! So I teamed up with some fellow foodies and put together a huge roundup of vegan Christmas cookies.
I just wanna try all of these vegan cookies at once! Don't they look absolutely delicious?!
We've got you covered with all kinds of vegan Christmas cookies.
Here are some examples:
vegan sugar cookies
gingerbread cookies
cinnamon cookies
vegan thumbprint cookies
gingerbread men
shortbread cookies
vegan snickerdoodles
and sooo many more!!
And if that's not enough you can check out the virtual Holiday cookie party I had with some fellow vegan food bloggers three years ago.
If you're looking for more vegan Christmas recipes, I've got you covered with festive vegan mains, appetizers, desserts, and even Christmas drinks! It's the most magical time of the year and vegans definitely don't have to miss out on the delicious Christmas feast.
As always, click on the heading above each photo to see the recipe.
So let's get the vegan baking started!
25 Amazing Vegan Christmas Cookies You Have to Try This Year!
These vegan orange cinnamon Christmas cookies have been one of my favorites for years! They're extremely easy to make, packed with flavor and nutrients, and sooo delicious! Oh, and let me tell you there is a lot of cinnamon involved.
These vegan sugar cookies by Marina from Yummy Mummy Kitchen made with coconut oil. They're are perfect for cut-outs and the recipe couldn't be easier!
These vegan gingersnaps by Brandi from The Vegan 8 are perfectly sweetened and spicy! Brandi used coconut butter to give them an extra dose of sweetness, flavor and buttery-ness.
Don't these perfect vegan gingerbread cookies by Marina from Yummy Mummy Kitchen look super cute? They're perfect for decorating! Marina used coconut oil and wholesome ingredients for these cookies.
I just want to grab one of these melt-in-your-mouth Alfajores cookies by Audrey from Unconventional Baker from the screen. This soft gluten-free cookie sandwich is filled with gooey vegan caramel. And don't forget to dust them with powdered white sugar.
These vegan sugar cookies by Natasha from Salt and Lavender are super soft, easy to make, and require no chilling! Natasha included several fun ideas on how to customize your vegan sugar cookies.
These thumbprint cookies by Ashley from Blissful Basil are the perfect vegan Christmas cookies. They're made with oat and coconut flour and they're filled with fruit spread. And they're not only vegan but also gluten-free!
Don't these vegan sugar cookies by Brandi from The Vegan look super delicious? They're gluten-free and Brandi didn't use any butter or oil for this recipe. Soft, chewy, and perfectly sweet!
These almond crescent cookies by Audrey from Unconventional Baker are super simple and come together in just minutes. Audrey provided you with a gluten and dairy-free recipe for traditional holiday almond crescent cookies.
These vegan apple pie protein cookies by Gabriel from One Clever Chef are super healthy and refined sugar-free. And their intense caramel apple pie taste is just perfect for Christmas! Besides, they're also gluten-free and nut-free.
These chocolate cookies with a pool of cherry pie filling by Megan from Allergy Awesomeness look so delicious! They're vegan and gluten-free and just look a that extra chocolate drizzled on top! BIG yum!
Rebecca from Strength and Sunshine added a minty twist on the holiday crinkle cookie with this recipe. The cookies are vegan, gluten-free, and perfect for kids!
These vegan gingerbread cookies by Gwen from Delightful Adventures are chewy, perfectly spiced, and covered with sparkly sugar. A great addition to your baking list of vegan Christmas cookies!
These vegan and gluten-free no-bake marzipan rum balls by Bianca from Elephantastic Vegan are perfect for the holidays. They're super easy to make you don't even need an oven for them. And the best thing is that they're ready in just 10 minutes!
These chocolate gingerbread cookies by Jenn from Veggie Inspired are crispy on the outside and perfectly chewy on the inside. And the best thing is that they're healthy! So you can go ahead and eat more than one!
These cookie butter pinwheel cookies by Alisa from Go Dairy Free are made with Speculoos spread. It's also know as “cookie butter” and it's super yummy. If you haven't tried it, you should really give it a try!
Don't these vegan gingerbread men by Sara from Beaming Banana look super cute? They recipe is a healthy and gluten-free twist on the most classic Christmas cookies. Instead of icing, Sara used unsweetened coconut cream to decorate her gingerbread men.
These vegan shortbread cookies by Sarah from My Darling Vegan are super buttery and flaky. They're dipped in chocolate and sprinkled with Himalayan sea salt. What a great twist on this classic cookie!
Lebkuchen, traditional German spice cookies, are very common around Christmas. They are a bit like gingerbread and Alexandra from Occasionally Eggs made a delicious vegan version. And she drizzled some extra chocolate on top. Perfect for the holidays!
These vegan pine needle shortbread cookies by Melanie from A Virtual Vegan will melt in your mouth. They have just a hint of piney and citrusy flavor. Delicate and delicious!
This oatmeal date and pecan cookies by Amanda from My Goodness Kitchen make healthy and delicious vegan Christmas cookies! Top them with some melted chocolate if you'd like!
These vegan snickerdoodles by Melanie from A Virtual Vegan require just a few simple ingredients and no oil. They come together in under 25 minutes are soft-baked and buttery.
These crispy and chewy biscotti cookies by Linda from Veganosity are perfect for the holidays! Linda added cranberries and pistachios to her biscotti cookies, which is the perfect combination for Christmas!
These almond flour sugar cookies by Shelby from Fit As A Mama Bear are thin, tasty and easy to make. Besides, they're also gluten-free and vegan and you only need minimal ingredients. They're perfect to make with kids!
You don't even need an oven for these chewy chocolate date cookies by Anjali from Vegetarian Gastronomy. Anjali used dried fruits and seeds for these cookies, so they're a natural energy booster!
I LOVE TO HEAR FROM YOU GUYS!
I hope you enjoy these vegan Christmas cookies as much as I do! Don't forget to pin or share this post so you have these vegan cookie recipes ready when you need them! Happy baking!
If you give any of these vegan Christmas cookies a try, I'd love to know what you think about it. Just leave me a comment below. Your comments really make my day!
You like my recipes and roundups and want to see more? Then follow me on Facebook, Instagram, or Pinterest!
Sina – xx
Betsy DeVos, the U.S. education secretary, said Monday that although President Trump's administration will put forward plans of a historic expansion of school choice, the ultimate decision will be left with the states, not Washington.
Politico reported that DeVos made the comments during a speech at an Indianapolis summit hosted by the American Federation for Children.
“When it comes to education, no solution, not even ones we like, should be dictated or run from Washington, D.C.,” she said.
DeVos told the Senate Health, Education and Pensions Committee in January that she would be "a strong advocate for great public schools,” but added that "if a school is troubled, or unsafe, or not a good fit for a child ... we should support a parent's right to enroll their child in a high-quality alternative."
Trump's nomination of DeVos to lead the Department of Education was harshly criticized by the teachers' unions, who have claimed that DeVos wants to undermine the public education system, which provides instruction to more than 90 percent of the country's students.
Vince M. Bertram, the author of “One Nation Under Taught: Solving America's Science, Technology, Engineering and Math Crisis, wrote that DeVos' most important task will be to cast a vision for what education can be for our next generation to meet the demands of a global economy.
Politico reported that DeVos did not go into detail about what steps the Trump administration will take to implement its school-choice goals. She said states that opt out would be making a “terrible mistake” and will be “hurting the children and families who can least afford it.”
Seattle government is constantly taking the easy way out when it comes to funding critical programs, a city council candidate argues.
RELATED: Who says the government can't create jobs?
James Passey is one of 10 candidates for Seattle City Council Position 8. He believes the city just piles on taxes, instead of taking a critical look at what is and isn't working and shifting money around.
Take the homeless crisis, for example. Passey says the first thing the city should do, instead of proposing taxes, is to figure out which services are actually working and put money into those that do.
Seattle Mayor Ed Murray has said as much. After proposing a now-dead property tax plan, Murray told KIRO Radio's Jason and Burns that the city needs to fund homeless programs based on outcomes.
“The city and county haven't done that,” he said. “We are now rebidding every single contract. It's been 10 years since those contracts have been rebid.”
Indeed they haven't. The deadline for the county's 10-year-plan to cut homelessness in half has come and gone. In selected areas of King County, the number of people living unsheltered increased from 3,772 in 2015 to 4,505 in 2016, according to the One Night Count.
And the proposals to fund homeless programs — the newest being a King County-wide sales tax increase — is just the beginning. A proposed soda tax at the city level would be yet another burden on Seattle residents, Passey says.
Passey says he would “start questioning the amount of money” coming into the city.
“It seems they go for a tax first because it's easy,” he said.
The candidate, who is running against Ryan Asbert, Hisam Goueli, Jon Grant, Jenn Huff, Mac McGregor, Teresa Mosqueda, Rudy Pantoja, Sheley Secrest, and Charlene Strong, considers city government to be “bloated.”
Listen to what he says about the homeless issue.
Mauricio Pochettino told his young Tottenham team that they had proved they belong on the biggest stages of world football after holding Real Madrid to a famous 1-1 draw at the Bernabeu on Tuesday night.
“This was the greatest challenge to compete and we've done it,” said Pochettino. “It is something we were missing; this feeling to compete at the highest level. We are a team under construction but we have reinforced our ideas. The result is less important. The fact we competed makes me most happy.”
Pochettino believed that he surprised Madrid with his decision to play two strikers in Harry Kane and Fernando Llorente - and was especially delighted by his team's flexibility even in the absence of several key players, including Dele Alli and Mousa Dembele.
“Last year, in six Champions League games, we got seven points and now we have seven in three games against Borussia Dortmund, Apoel and Real Madrid,” said Pochettino. “It's important to work and find different options and surprise our opponents. From now on we can include different nuances in our play.
The first installment of this series, titled Sabotage may have started Three Mile Island accident, describes how a number of individually improbable equipment conditions came together at 4:00 am on March 28, 1979, one year — to the minute — after the start of commercial operation at Three Mile Island (TMI) unit 2. It also described how the NRC's Rogovin Special Inquiry Group considered, but dismissed, the possibility of sabotage.
This topic has been discussed previously on Atomic Insights in the July 27, 2013 thread titled Was Three Mile Island an accident?. That initial discussion was based on a video clip in which Galen Winsor made a couple of thought-provoking statements about the event.
Winsor's commentary was marred by the fact that he expanded his skepticism about the official interpretation to a completely unsupportable claim that the plant was not actually damaged and could have been restarted. There are too many eyewitnesses and videos that document the core conditions and the difficulty associated with devising tools to chip pieces out one by one to accept that wild claim.
Many who watched that video dismissed the whole notion based on the fact that part of the statement was obviously wrong. That is a perfectly understandable response when someone says something so wild that it destroys their credibility. However, there was enough confirmation of the possibility of malfeasance in the comment thread from some very credible people to stoke my interest.
Ever since that inconclusive discussion, I have been keeping my eyes and ears open for more clues that would either confirm or deny the possibility of sabotage.
About six months ago, I had a conversation with one of my colleagues at B&W. In 1979, he was working as a senior reactor operator at a plant that was the same design as TMI unit 2. He told me a story about being visited in the summer of 1979 at his facility by “several fit guys with short hair and JC Penney suits” who he assumed were from the FBI or another federal agency. Those investigators asked him questions about his plant's secondary system, focusing on feedwater valves and valve position indications.
The line of questioning led him to believe that the investigators were trying to find out if anyone could have purposefully closed the EFW-12 valves without anyone noticing. He told me that he showed them at least one way to create exactly the conditions they were asking about. He also told me that the condition could have gone undetected for days at a time if the person took just a couple of actions that could be deduced by anyone with a reasonable level of system knowledge.
Later, I came across the following quote in F. William Engdahl's A Century of War: Anglo-American Oil Politics and the New World Order
On August 3, 1979 in its official report on the event, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission posed sabotage or criminal negligence as one of six possible causes for the Three-Mile Island event. But even after eliminating the other five possible causes, the government refused even to consider the possibility of sabotage seriously.
(Engdahl, F. William, A Century of War: Anglo-American Oil Politics and the New World Order ProgressivePress.com 2012 Pg 210)
Aside: I found that one before I went to the web to look up the full version of the Rogovin Special Inquiry Group Report. End Aside.
Rogovin was not the only group tasked with investigating TMI. The Kemeny Commission, was a Presidentially appointed group that was charged with investigating the event, the licensees, the suppliers and the NRC. The Kemeny Commission report makes no mention of the possibility of sabotage. In fact, it avoids any discussion at all about the events that initiated the accident, it only mentions them as follows:
The accident at Three Mile Island (TMI) occurred as a result of a series of human, institutional, and mechanical failures. Equipment failures initiated the events of March 28 and contributed to the failure of operating personnel (operators, engineers, and supervisors) to recognize the actual conditions of the plant.
It is worth taking a little diversion to learn more about the Kemeny Commission and why it showed little interest in the initial cause of the accident or in pursuing any suggestion that it might have been a result of sabotage.
In brief article published in the March 2004 issue of Nuclear News titled Memories of the Kemeny Commission, Ronald Eytchison provides important information about the makeup of the Commission and the perspective through which it investigated the accident. Incredible as it may sound, Eytchison wrote that President Carter did not pick any members with relevant nuclear engineering or plant operating experience. In fact, the initial Kemeny Commission did not include a single member with any nuclear training at all.
Eytchison attributes that odd personnel choice to a desire on the part of President Carter and the appointed leaders of his commission to avoid any hint of industry involvement in the investigation. They asserted that industry participation would taint the results and reduce their credibility. That attitude provides a hint about the widespread lack of trust in the nuclear industry, despite its impressive safety record before the event occurred.
About two weeks after the President selected the commission members, Dr. Kemeny realized that an accident at a nuclear plant could not be adequately investigated by a group made up of “lawyers, public affairs specialists, and NASA engineers.”
Kemeny turned to the Navy nuclear power program to obtain someone with credible operating experience who was not associated with the nuclear industry. Eytchison, then a Navy captain who was just finishing a three year tour as the senior member of the Atlantic Fleet Nuclear Propulsion Examining Board — sometimes called the NPEB, but also known to Navy operators as the ORSE (Operational Reactor Safeguards Exam) board — was ordered to join the group. After realizing the enormity of the task he had been asked to undertake, Eytchison requested assistance from others with operating experience. Dr. Kemeny “responded with a powerful, Hungarian-accented, ‘No!'”
After realizing that he would not get any experienced help and also knowing that the commission report had to be completed in within a strict, 6-month time frame, CAPT Eytchison pared down his area of interest to focus on personnel and training. Exposing his Navy nuclear prejudices, Eytchison was pretty sure at the start of his investigation that the commercial nuclear industry had weaknesses in “operator selection, training, qualification, and licensing”.
Aside: I make that statement after serving as a nuclear-trained Naval officer for nearly 30 years. That experience gave me personal insights regarding the assumptions that many in the program make about programs that are not the Navy nuclear power program. End Aside.
Eytchison decided early in his involvement that he would be providing corrective recommendations.
The Kemeny Commission's nearly complete lack of an operational perspective is important. An operator or two would have been curious about why the event started in the first place. They would naturally want to identify specific actions that would minimize the possibility of that same sequence of events happening again.
It is also important to understand that the Kemeny Commission saw its primary task as something more than a specific incident investigation. The President had promised the public that his Commission “will make recommendations to enable us to prevent any future nuclear accidents.”
Aside: That statement, by itself, demonstrates the nuclear exceptionalism endemic in the Carter Administration. Can you imagine a President tasking a commission to investigate something like the Deepwater Horizon with making recommendations that would “prevent any future” oil well disaster? End Aside.
Reading through the Kemeny Commission report, it seems as if there was a general agreement that a nuclear plant accident was inevitable and that it did not matter how this particular one started.
That same feeling pervades numerous contemporary articles, books and commentaries. It seems like “everyone” expected something to happen; they were primed by the well-publicized “reactor safety” and Emergency Core Cooling System (ECCS) controversies. Frequent coverage of antinuclear protests and public hearings with skeptical questions about safety also indicate that there were plenty of people who were itching to be able to say “we told you so.”
TMI Event Sequence Similar To Early Event In The China Syndrome
Though I've been a nuke for many decades, I have avoided watching The China Syndrome. I never came across it on television at a convenient time and I did not want to buy or rent it because that would put money into the pockets of antinuclear activists. I know that's a pretty immature attitude, but at least I admit it.
A couple of days ago, I overcame my reluctance in the name of research and purchased my own copy of The China Syndrome. I watched it immediately. I've seen short scenes from the movie hundreds of times, but never watched the whole movie from start to finish. The experience was eerie, especially so soon after having spent so much time delving into the details of the TMI accident.
There are an uncanny number of congruences between the movie and the actual event. It is not enough for people to remember that The China Syndrome was a thriller that includes a scene about a “nuclear accident” and that its theater opening preceded a nuclear accident by just a couple of weeks.
In case you have not seen the movie or saw it long enough ago that you have forgotten the details, let me explain why watching it provided the final motivation to create this serial story.
Early in The China Syndrome, the characters played by Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas witness an event from the control room observation area at a 4 year-old, single unit, inland sited, 800 MWe nuclear power plant whose characteristics roughly match those of Rancho Seco, a sister plant of TMI unit 2.
The movie event — which the Douglas character insists on calling an accident, even though there was no core damage — is described as a turbine trip with a loss of feed water. The first indication in the control room is a shuddering floor that makes the water cooler and a cup of coffee shake. The horn blares frequently enough to distract the shift supervisor, and nearly every light on the expansive monitoring panels flashes, demanding attention.
During the event, there is a stuck open relief valve, a pressurizer level indication that pegs high, operator worries about going solid, operators that stop High Pressure Injection during the casualty, and a need to manipulate stop valves for the relief valves.
In other words, with all of the possible nuclear plant events that the writers could have picked, the fictional event was virtually identical, in initial stages, to the real event.
There's one more bit of foreshadowing. In a later scene, while having a “scientist” explain the control room activities that Douglas had captured on film — without permission, by the way — the scientist provides a dire warning that the event could have “contaminated an area the size of Pennsylvania.” That same scene included a nuclear engineer named Greg Minor; that is the name of one of the GE Three antinuclear activist whistleblowers.
MBH Technical Associates, the consulting firm founded by “The GE Three” of Gregory Minor, Richard Hubbard and Dale Bridenbaugh, served as technical consultants for The China Syndrome. They did a credible job; the set included an almost perfect replica of a nuclear power plant control room, the turbine and auxiliary building scenes were frighteningly accurate, and the operators used realistic terminology.
At this point, the questions that come to mind are: Did life imitate art? Did someone decide that the best way to predict the future was to invent it? Did a disgruntled employee watch the movie and recognize an opportunity to get his concerns noticed? Did a New Jersey mobster decide to issue a warning about moving a plant out of his influence area?
There's at least one more installments remaining.
Republicans for Obama is a grassroots organization of proud party members who all share one important trait— we are Americans first and Republicans second.
Founded in late 2006 as part of the nationwide effort to encourage then-Senator Obama to run for the Presidency, our volunteer-run, grassroots group now includes thousands of members from across the nation. Together, we represent a cross-section of the millions of Republican and conservative independents who support President Obama's reelection in 2012.
Although we have campaigned, worked for, and voted Republican all our lives, we recognize that President Obama is the right leader for our country at this time. Our current Republican leadership is unable to stand up to the most extreme elements in our party, no matter the circumstance. Meanwhile, President Obama has challenged his own party on numerous issues, including taxes, healthcare and foreign policy. President Obama has forged a pragmatic, common-sense path forward during a challenging time.
President Obama has rejected the politics of division and the win-at-all-costs attitude that has hurt our ability to move forward as a nation. While we as Republicans will not always see eye to eye with President Obama, we know that his politics of unity is the only way forward for America.
-Republicans for Obama
Our Team
Director
John Martin is the Co-founder and Director of Republicans for Obama. He has worked for various Republican candidates throughout the northeast, most recently on the Foley for Governor campaign in Connecticut. He currently lives in New York City, and is a Navy Reservist and a veteran of the war in Afghanistan.
Forums Moderator
Suzi LeVeaux - Born and raised in the deep south, Suzi LeVeaux has voted mostly Republican since casting her first presidential vote for Nixon. Due to the primary structure in Louisiana at the time, she was a registered Democrat, but that did not stop her from supporting the GOP when they presented the best candidate. When she became sick of of being called a Reagan Democrat in the 1980's, she finally made the switch, and has been a Republican ever since.
Suzi is a retired optician, whose joy is her family, and whose passion is politics. She is an Eisenhower style Republican, who is very concerned about the hard right turn the GOP has taken.
Press
Randall Leverette - As a student at The George Washington University in Washington, DC, Randall was active in Republican politics, where he was a member of the GWU College Republicans and the GWU Student Government Association. After graduation, he was a member of the National Black Republican Council and served as youth coordinator for the DC Chapter of the organization.
After graduation, he worked as a senior legislative specialist with a prominent DC legal practice covering energy and environmental matters, and working closely with congressional staff and various divisions within the Environmental Protection Agency. He later earned a Masters in Community Economic Development from the University of Southern New Hampshire School of Business where he was also a HUD Scholar.
Randall is a native of Baltimore, Maryland and currently lives in New York City and New Paltz, New York, where in his spare time he's an avid golfer.
Outreach Coordinator
David Sayers
Webmaster
Evan O'Donnell designed the Republicans for Obama site and is responsible for its day to day operation. Evan has been an independently-minded voter for as long as he's been voting. In light of the increasing amount of partisan bickering that has characterized American politics in recent years, Evan's encouraged by Senator Obama's political success and ability to unite.
If you have any technical questions or ideas on how to improve the R.F.O. site, Evan's the man to talk to.
For all press inquiries, contact Randall Leverette at press@republicansforobama.org
For other questions, comments and suggestions, please contact us at info@republicansforobama.org
Past R.F.O. Officers:
Barbara Gordon - was involved with RFO since December of 2006. While John was stationed in Afghanistan she worked to establish and grow the RFO organization, and to start developing pro-Obama arguments using conservative principles. She now coordinates content for the site. You can see some of her favorite posts here and here and here.
She's been registered Republican since she turned 18, but has serious concerns about the current incarnation of the Republican Party. This brand of Republicanism has been advertised as the party of "compassionate conservatives," but Barbara feels it has failed at both compassion and true conservatism. Its platform of bellicentric foreign policy combined with deficit spending and divisive social rhetoric is not structurally sound. It's time for the party to find a new foundation.
As the parent of a profoundly handicapped child, she is also concerned about the state of healthcare in this country, and feels that Obama is committed to substantial reform. She is hopeful that in the next few years we will finally see healthcare access extended to all Americans.
When not avoiding housework by hanging out online, Barbara might be found gardening, jogging, or watching college football. She lives in Oklahoma with her husband and their two sons, and a Golden Retriever cleverly named Goldie.
Kenneth Wehking served as the Deputy Director of Republicans for Obama for the 2008 campaign. He lives in Highlands Ranch, Colorado and works for a large healthcare company in software quality assurance. Being raised in Colorado, he enjoys hiking with his Great Dane, climbing the 14ers of Colorado, marathon running, cycling and dog parks. Educated at the University of Miami, he met people from around the world and has seen first hand that we can celebrate our diversity and cultures, while still sharing common ground.
A lifelong Republican, Ken feels that many politicians have forgotten about the people they were elected to represent. In the spirit of Teddy Roosevelt, America needs a statesman that can set a new course and change this culture of division to one of cooperation and solutions to our most pressing problems, including: budget deficits, healthcare reform, energy independence, social security/medicaid reform and protecting our natural resources, among a few.
Erik Paterson has been a conservative Republican all his life, is an NRA Life Member, and has always voted the Republican party line, that is until he actually started listening to what Senator Obama had to say. Erik first heard Obama speak during his senatorial debate with Alan Keyes, and then during his keynote speech at the 2004 Democratic convention. The more he listened, the more sense Senator Obama made. After reading his books, Erik was sold on the idea that Barack Obama is what this country needs in the White House.
Erik is 53 years old, and was born in Berkeley California. He is a United States Marine Corps Veteran, currently working as a Public Transportation Professional. He has been married for 36 years to the same wonderful woman, who is an Army Veteran, and a Health Care Professional. Together they have three fantastic sons, all USAF veterans who brought them three wonderful daughters.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's flagship Make in India initiative seems to be a grand success. It has notched up overseas investment commitments of more than $400 billion over the past two years. India will have turned a new leaf in attracting foreign direct investment if these commitments are realized.
The government plans to create 100 million new factory jobs by 2022 and increase manufacturing's share in the economy to 25% during the next six years. That India is open to international business and willing to remove all regulatory hurdles to embrace foreign capital has become a clarion call of Modi and his finance minister almost on a daily basis.
But, in one area, the Make in India programme is yet to generate positive results. This is the area of “incidence and location of innovation", which is a pre-requisite for generating new knowledge in science and technology.
Consider international patent applications filed from India to assess the innovative activity generated by the much-publicized Make in India initiative. According to figures released by the Geneva-based World Intellectual Property Organization under the Patent Cooperation Treaty, international patent applications filed from India dropped to 1,423 last year—as compared to Japan's 44,235, China's 29,846 and South Korea's 14,626 in the same period.
In 2014, Indian research and manufacturing entities, both in the private and public sector, filed 1,428 international patent applications as compared to 42,381 by Japan, 25,548 by China, and 13,117 by South Korea.
The US, numero uno in the arena of innovation and inventions thanks to the sustained large-scale public funding to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the defense department, filed 57,385 international patent applications last year.
Surprisingly, the filing of patent applications by Indian firms and research departments over the past three years remained almost flat with 1,320 in 2013, 1,428 in 2014 and 1,423 in 2015.
While the US, Japan, China and South Korea continue to dominate global patent activity, India remains a bit player. China, a late entrant into the world of innovation and inventions, is now racing ahead in its long march to be the world's champion of the latest technologies. It has developed technologies across areas, including solar technologies for harnessing renewable power.
China's Huawei Technologies, with 3,898 patent applications, almost three times the number of patent applications filed from India, ranks first among companies in the world.
Paradoxically, at a time when India has eclipsed China as the world's fastest growing major economy with its gross domestic product forecast to increase to 7.6% in the fiscal year through March, it has performed poorly in generating measurable innovative activity.
Despite sending an orbiter to Mars and making strides in fields such as pharmaceutical products, India is nowhere to be seen on the international science and technology radar.
It is a different issue that the country's most talented human resources continue to dominate inventions in several areas abroad.
How does one explain India's poor performance in creating new knowledge that is useful for tackling its bread-and-butter as well as environmental problems? Is it because of an attempt to ‘saffronize' science based on ancient claims of landmark scientific discoveries (the Pythagorean theorem, zero, genetics and plastic surgery, among others), thereby undermining the need for fresh research on the ground that everything is already there in the Vedas? Is it due to a lack of investment in basic and applied science and technology that is essential for innovation which, in turn, accelerates the pace of intellectual property activities? Can innovation and inventions happen in India when there is no transmission of existing knowledge, which is the basis for the generation of new knowledge?
These are some questions that continue to baffle analysts and historians of science.
“The problem of demarcation between science and pseudoscience is not merely a problem of armchair philosophy; it is of vital social and political relevance," said Imre Lakatos, a Hungarian philosopher.
Surely, this could not be truer anywhere than it is in India today, according to Meera Nanda, a science historian. “All possible lines of demarcation between legitimate science and ideas pretending to be scientific are being erased," said Nanda.
Lamenting the lack of rigorous scientific study, mathematician and historian D.D. Kosambi once said: “...the western mechanism of scientific study is blunted in our (Indian) hands to a crude toy for producing the feeblest of memoirs and papers, for grabbing a few allowances and grants." Unfortunately, he said, “Renaissances are not ‘made' in this fashion; they have to bloom as the expression of a new form of society, one far more productive and kinder to its members than the older one."
The greatest obstacles to research in any underdeveloped country are those needlessly created by scientists or a scholar's colleagues and fellow citizens, according to Kosambi. Instead of throwing money “away on costly fads like atomic energy", Kosambi argued more than six decades ago for developing “solar energy, neglected by the advanced countries because they have not sunlight as much as the tropics". He also squarely blamed the religious system of beliefs for India's backwardness.
At the World Economic Forum meeting in Davos over two months ago, a prominent Indian IT businessman, who asked not to be identified, said that his greatest worry about India is the increasing “saffornization", which is slowing progress in science and technology.
“Science is the cognition of necessity; freedom is the recognition of necessity," Kosambi had famously said, for finding out why a certain thing happens, which we can then turn to our advantage rather than be ruled helplessly by the event.
In the current climate that seems to foster “un-questioning", the Make in India push could turn out to be a new phase for producing indentured labourers for the 21st century than building a reservoir of scientists and technologists. Alas, such a programme cannot coexist with anachronistic and antediluvian social beliefs, which undermine scientific inquiry and questioning.
New Delhi: Blaming ‘vested interests' for delaying the Road Safety Bill, road transport and highways minister Nitin Gadkari on Sunday said its non-passage remains his “biggest regret" as more people are getting killed every year in road accidents than in “wars, terror attacks or epidemics".
Gadkari, known to speak his mind, did not name the “vested interests" who are trying to scuttle the new law but said these are the people who are “opposed to transparency and computerisation in the highways sector".
“In India, 30% of the driving licenses are bogus... There has been large-scale corruption in RTOs... Misconception was generated by those who will get affected due to transparency in the new legislation," the minister told PTI in an interview in New Delhi.
The proposed law seeks to come down heavily on traffic offenders and proposes steep penalties of up to ₹ 3 lakh along with a minimum 7-year imprisonment for death in road accidents, besides hefty fines for driving violations.
It would also overhaul the road transport and highways sector bringing in more transparency and curbing malpractices, Gadkari said while adding that the proposed legislation incorporates the best global practises and will curb road accidents.
He pegged the annual loss to the economy due to accidents in India at close to 3% of the GDP. India sees nearly 5 lakh road accidents a year in which 1.5 lakh people die and another 3 lakh get crippled.
“Ever since I have taken charge of the sector, the biggest regret that keeps me haunting is that despite best of our best intentions, Road Safety Bill is stuck...I feel pained and helpless to see 1.5 lakh Indians, mostly youth, dying on roads," Gadkari said.
“Not so many people die in war or terror attack or naxalite killing...not even in epidemics... It gives me sleepless nights and I want to cut accidents by at least 50% as early as possible," the minister said.
Gadkari, who said his dream is to overhaul India's infrastructure to the level of the best in the world, said the subject is “close to his heart" but despite “devoting day and night" to correct the flaws, he has not been able to get the crucial bill governing road sector see light of the day.
WXNA “Low Power, High Voltage” is Nashville's new listener-supported community radio station! Formed by a group of experienced community radio deejays, WXNA wrested a Construction Permit from the Federal Communication Commission to broadcast at 101.5 FM from downtown Nashville, but we need your help to get the station on the air and bring exciting and diverse music and cultural programming to the airwaves of Music City!
Imagine you're in your car, driving to work in the morning, listening to the radio. A Patsy Cline classic of country heartache wafts from the speakers, followed by a punch of powerful punk rock, and then a butt-shakin' groove of deep Southern soul. It's a mixmaster of styles and yet each song flows into the next in a way that makes sense—guided by a deejay with a plan and personality, rather than the cold order of “random play.”
The day we received our official FCC Construction Permit was a very, very happy day over at WXNA HQ (aka The Gerst Haus).
At lunchtime you go for a walk. The music app on your phone delivers an hour of deep catalog R&B and jumpin' jive—including many songs you've never heard before, even though you tune into this program every week.
On the way home, it's brand-new music from some of the finest up-and-coming talent Nashville has to offer—rock, Americana, folk, hip hop and more. Spiced with lively talk, community-based news, engaging programming from non-profit partners like Open Table Nashville, and the latest on the local live scene. Then, late at night, you wind down with some cool jazz and smooth talk from a velvet-voiced deejay that never fails to mellow you out and warm up a cool night.
Board member Roger Blanton designed our awesome new logo which we unveiled on Record Store Day.
Around the clock, there will be one place on the dial to turn to for the liveliest music, talk, cultural programming and information—all flowing from one awesome radio station, WXNA-LPFM Nashville, "Low Power, High Voltage Radio!" Radio the way it was meant to be—exciting, diverse, informative, unpredictable, and most of all, programmed by real human beings.
Source: Supplemental LPFM Channel Search Study and Analysis prepared by REC Networks.
Nashville has long been synonymous with great music—and today, its music scene is bigger and better than ever, with scores of live venues and hundreds of musicians working in all styles to create some of the greatest music in the world. But for Nashville radio, it's a different story.
The Basement East helped us get the ball rolling with our first official fundraising event.
The corporate and market research-driven “sameness” that has infected the majority of American airwaves also rules in Music City. There are rare exceptions, but now is the time to realize our dream—truly independent, listener-supported freeform radio that reflects the full range of Nashville's music and culture.
WXNA photobombing the Record Store Day fun at Grimey's! Photo by Steve Cross.
WXNA-LPFM will broadcast at 101.5 MHz FM with an effective power of 100 watts, along with simulcasting on the web to reach a worldwide audience. WXNA's FCC-granted Construction Permit calls for an on-air date of no later than June 4, 2016, so we need your help NOW to build our studio, raise our broadcast tower, and make great Music City radio a reality. WXNA-LPFM is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, so all donations are tax deductible. Pledge your support today and help light the fuse for X-plosive community radio in Music City!
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00 Off
English
We have great swag. Now you can, too.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
As you might imagine, building a radio station (so cool) isn't an easy process, nor a short one. And we've already accomplished a lot. We need your help today to take it to the next stage! On the big to-do list there are only three more items to check off, and raising the money is a big one. But with your financial support, we'll be knocking the final two out like SHAZAM! And won't that be an awesome thing?
✓ Register as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization
✓ Get our broadcast license from the FCC
✓ Get our construction permit from the FCC
✓ Find an experienced engineer who can help us with the technical stuff
✓ Find the perfect place to put the antenna
__ Raise funds and buy equipment (antenna, transmitter, turntables, microphones, etc.)
__ Get on the air
__ Be awesome!
SCP-498
Photograph of SCP-498
Item #: SCP-498
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-498 is to be contained within a sound-proof bunker beneath Site ██, with a minimum of two attending Foundation Security Officers, properly equipped with noise-canceling headphones in addition to standard-issue equipment. The bunker is to be sound-proofed to noise-cancel a minimum of 95% of outgoing sound waves.
A fully automated mechanical arm is to be used to reset SCP-498. Secondary Containment Procedure: In the event of failure, two D-Class personnel are to be locked inside with an appropriate amount of rations. They are to be informed fully of its effects and to alternate shifts sleeping and resetting SCP-498 until the failure is repaired. Security footage sans audio of the chamber is to be monitored at all times. Following Incident I498-B, in the event of failure an on-site Foundation Security Officer is to be sent in to manually reset until such a time automated safety procedures can be reinstated.
Description: SCP-498 appears to be a Koway Brand RT-800 electronic alarm clock with yellow LED display, set to the U.S. Central Time Zone. When heard by a subject, the alarm has been seen to induce a state of increased alertness until reset. This effect prevents restful sleep in SCP-498's vicinity, although micro-naps are possible. Other than the "snooze" button and the display, none of the other functions on the device appear operational. Notably, the device continues to display time and require resetting even while not connected to a power source. Attempts to dismantle SCP-498 have not been successful in preventing it from activating, nor have they determined how it operates without an obvious power source.
Every 11 minutes, the clock's alarm goes off, gradually increasing in volume. Testing reveals that the starting alarm plays at 30 dB, increasing 4 dB every 10 seconds the snooze button is not depressed. There has been no evidence that this process will ever stop; the loudest recorded level exceeded ███ dB before reset was achieved. The sound waves produced have been seen to damage nearby structures, cause internal bleeding, and are theorized to potentially cause seismic activity.
Addendum 498-A: Containment Protocol updated. See Incident Report I498-B.
With years of experience under its belt, Enrise decided it was time for the next step in PHP development. Much like Agile was the next step in workflow for many of us, we feel we now made the next step when it comes to programming.
We built Frisbee, the first framework based on the concept of exception driven development.
The workflow
With this new workflow most one of the greatest pains of OOP has been dealt with, namely exceptions. Rather than fighting against it, we embraced it, and developed a workflow with exceptions as the core of its routine. This means that you'll be throwing code instead of running it, so you never have to fear for exceptions again.
The framework
Frisbee is the first framework that 100% implements this new workflow. This becomes clearly visible from line 1 in index.php, where a new application is thrown, rather than instantiated:
Frisbee also implements Boomerangs, handy exception helpers that can be thrown and catched on the same spot, so you can use it e.g. for loading resources like DB handlers, templating engines, etc.
Frisbee Demo
Please visit our GitHub repository to see a in depth explanation, and a working demo, and a quick start guide.
[UPDATE] Spoiler alert
Yes it is. We're sorry. Frisbee is just an April 1 joke. But Frisbee still works. Happy throwing!
I dropped out of McGill University because of depression. It was the type that begins as a barely perceptible malaise but quickly penetrates your mind and renders you nearly unable to speak, think, or even walk. Perhaps the most common misunderstanding of depression is that it's simply an overarching sadness permeating your positive thoughts. In its most serious form, the illness may actually leave you unable to feel anything—comfort or happiness, fear or rage. It wasn't until I'd reached this level that I finally decided to take time off from my routine and accept help. If you find any aspect of this story relatable, I hope that you seek help immediately.
I vividly remember the first (and last) time I used McGill Mental Health Services. My parents had been asking me to get in touch with someone for months. I'd always responded to these requests by saying no, I wouldn't see anyone because I was “fine” and “therapists are for people who need attention.” But after two years of growing increasingly despondent, I knew I had to do something. So I temporarily abandoned my mask of confidence and called.
To be guaranteed an appointment, even during summer vacation, I had to call a month in advance. I got a time slot and, a month later, made my first visit to the Brown building.
After I filled out a survey, the receptionist at the Mental Health desk directed me to the office of a triage therapist, where I was greeted with a flat, “Hello, please take a seat.” She asked me why I was there, and I couldn't articulate further than that I was “unhappy.” She asked if I'd had interpersonal problems—friendship issues, family issues, issues with a significant other, etc. To all these prompts, I responded truthfully that no, I had none. At the conclusion of our ten minute long meeting, she informed me that no, I was “not depressed”, that there was nothing she or a therapist could do for me, and that I should go to the Career Planning Service and talk to someone there. This interaction deterred me from seeking further help, as I left McGill Mental Health that day convinced that nobody would ever understand my general discontentment with life.
When school started again in the fall, I began a pathetic attempt to feign mental and emotional stability. My friends and professors had no idea that I was having personal issues, because I appeared fine. I still went to parties, and talked with friends for hours. I even comforted a few people who might have been facing depression themselves but privately I was unraveling. I started to have outbursts of anger or sadness. The second I was alone, I'd cry almost uncontrollably. I had to leave classes to cry. I had to leave conferences to cry.
But I convinced myself that I could push through it and within a few weeks of the school year I started to have vivid suicidal thoughts. I didn't think I'd ever act on them, but thoughts of ideation consumed hours of my day—how I might do it, what I would be wearing. My mom started to call multiple times a day, just to make sure I'd pick up. I thought that I had to maintain a semblance of composure or face abandonment by friends. I began to make up excuses for leaving social gatherings. My grades plummeted. The depression grew progressively worse until one day I had to barricade myself in a closet until an overpowering wave of suicidal thoughts passed. Two days later, I walked out of my first final of the semester and with my last ounce of sanity withdrew from all my classes and left McGill.
Ignoring the first signs of depression is like ignoring a suspicious lump growing on your body. Like a tumor, depression, if left untreated, will wreak havoc on your health in virtually every respect. It will become more dangerous to you and perhaps those around you. It may well kill you. Last spring, if I hadn't exercised an uncharacteristic level of restraint, I probably would have been a victim of depression myself.
McGill is struggling financially and McGill Mental Health Services are operating on a very limited budget. If students are guaranteed access to these services, I see no issue. The real problem with these services is that they're incompatible with the needs of a deeply depressed person at almost every level. A triage therapist might misdiagnose you. They might see hundreds of students a week and be unconsciously eager to get you out of the office. Overcoming a bout of depression will take many appointments. It might take dozens of therapists until you even find one with whom you're comfortable. If you're feeling really low, you might not even have the energy or motivation to make an appointment. It's incredibly difficult to address mental health issues at any large university, not just McGill.
As someone who's cycled through many phases of depression, I want to give some advice. If you start to notice a negative change in your mood, go to McGill Mental Health immediately. Don't write off uneasy feelings as nothing because you know yourself better than any triage therapist. If your negative moods begin to intensify, leave. Take a semester off. Take a year off. Transfer. Go back home or to wherever you feel safest. Reconnect with your family. Find a therapist you can talk to. If you're willing, try antidepressants. But please, if you find yourself feeling progressively more numb or ‘empty,' get as far away from school as you can. It might not be financially convenient, or fit with the career progression schedule you had planned, but your life is invaluable and you can always return.
I knew two people who decided to end their lives at McGill in the past year. Horrific doesn't even begin to describe a suicide at 21 or 22. Although it may seem like a truism, life really is worth living, and things do get better. I had a tortuous couple years, but that's not much time at all. I'm at a new university, I like what I'm studying, and I'm in a city that's always been home to me. Although I'm certainly not ‘cured' and my life's far from perfect, I'm happy again. I couldn't be any luckier that I decided to take time off of school. Be your own advocate – get help now.
Susannah Feinstein wrote this commentary for The McGill Daily.
Buy Photo Louisville's Kadeem Dacres, right, collides with Wilmington's Ashani Fairclough while going for the ball during their match at Louisville Slugger Field, Tuesday, May 12, 2015. (Timothy D. Easley/Special to the C-J) (Photo: Timothy D. Easley/Special to The C-J)Buy Photo
The USL, Louisville City FC's league, on Thursday announced a partnership with global architecture firm HOK in an effort to secure soccer-specific stadiums for each of its 24 franchises by 2020.
Of course, HOK's services won't likely be needed in Louisville. Majority Louisville City FC owner Wayne Estopinal is an architect whose firm designed the University of Louisville's new Lynn Stadium, seen as one of college soccer's best facilities.
But a team that opened its inaugural season playing at Louisville Slugger Field still has "a lot of work to do" to meet the USL's stadium mandate by the end of the decade, Estopinal said Thursday.
Owners have had preliminary discussions about sites and designs, but work hasn't progressed yet beyond concepts. For now, Louisville City FC shares Slugger with the Louisville Bats, working around the Triple-A baseball slate to schedule games.
"I'm pleased to see that the league has partnered with someone to help other teams look at this, because obviously, the built-in environment of a stadium really helps the experience for the fans and the players," Estopinal said.
Added USL president Jake Edwards: "These venues will serve as cultural hubs and bring fans together in support of the clubs while offering state-of-the-art amenities and an unparalleled game-day experience."
Local government allocated $581,000 to support construction of a locker room at Louisville Slugger Field. A whole new facility would require a much larger investment.
Through four games, though, Louisville City FC has drawn well, averaging 5,146 fans to sit near the top of the USL in attendance. It's up to the club, Estopinal said, to prove to the city by drawing crowds it deserves public funding for its own stadium.
"That is part of the agreement with the city," Estopinal said. "Whether this is a private endeavor or a private-public endeavor, we don't really know yet."
Monthly and annual season-ticket holders on Scotland's railways will get a “free week” paid for by the Scottish Government as a “thank you” for their patience during disruption and upgrades.
Scottish transport minister Humza Yousaf gave more information on the £3 million set aside for fare offers announced in the Holyrood budget on Thursday.
As well as the free week for season-ticket holders, further offers for weekly ticket holders and daily commuters are also being worked on, and will be announced in the new year.
Mr Yousaf said: “We recognise any level of delay or disruption on the rail network in Scotland affects people's lives.
“This year has been particularly challenging as we take forward our record-breaking investment programme on the live network to deliver newer, longer, greener trains on our flagship routes between Edinburgh and Glasgow as well as further afield.
“While we continue to monitor ScotRail's delivery of their performance improvement plan, we are confident they can and will deliver the service we expect.
“Passengers rightly deserve an efficient and value-for-money rail network.
READ MORE: Thousands protest against poor Abellio ScotRail performance
“That is why we have considered a number of options for rewarding passengers for their custom.
“During 2017, we will fund an initiative that gives one week's travel free to monthly and annual ScotRail season ticket holders
“By offering a ‘free week' we can in many instances match or even provide better savings for passengers than if we offered a fares freeze.
“As service improvements and investment also impact on those across the country who do not use season tickets, we will put in place a number of promotions and fare offers throughout the year to ensure they also benefit from this investment.”
Labour called for a fare freeze, claiming it would cost £2 million, but Finance Secretary Derek Mackay said the impact of a one-year fare freeze would cost £58 million by the time of the first break clause in the train operating franchise.
ScotRail Alliance managing director Phil Verster said: “The free week of travel for our season-ticket holders is a ‘thank you for your patience' while we work to deliver a rail network that all of Scotland can be proud of.”
More details will be announced in the new year and ScotRail will set a specific period in 2017 when the free week will be available.
ScotRail has faced heavy criticism for late and cancelled trains, with campaigners calling for Dutch parent firm Abellio to be stripped of the franchise to run Scotland's railways.
A Minister of State ended up effectively talking to herself in the Dáil yesterday.
Ann Phelan was front and centre stage in the House with not a single other Government or Opposition TD to listen to her words – speaking on a Bill not linked to her departmental responsibilities.
Ms Phelan is Minister of State at the Departments of Agriculture, Food and Marine and of Transport, Tourism and Sport.
But in the Dáil yesterday she was dealing with Department of Justice legislation, the Prisons Bill, which facilitates the complete closure of St Patrick's Institution, a detention centre for offenders under 21.
At committee and final stages of the debate, where amendments are introduced, she was on her own.
Usually at least one member of each of the Opposition parties, the technical group and some Independents are present for such debate.
With no other TDs present, the Minister of State moved amendments and when Leas Cheann Comhairle Micheál Kitt asked was that agreed, the Minister responded “agreed”, to her own amendments.
Fianna Fáil justice spokesman Niall Collins afterwards defended his party's absence and said he was there for the entire second-stage debate and made a full contribution, outlining the party's position and policy.
His party has persistently criticised the Government for showing disdain and a lack of respect for the Dáil.
Pressed on this, Mr Collins said if they were going to have a “silly buggers debate” about who was there for the second stage and who was not, he was present and Minister for Justice Frances Fitzgerald was not. When she introduced the Bill, Ms Phelan said the Minister for Justice was “unavoidably detained on other important business”.
The Bill, originally passed in the Seanad, will have to go back to the Upper House because two new amendments, not linked to St Patrick's Institution, were introduced, one of which may prove controversial in the Seanad.
A retired NYPD ​officer was busted by ​federal authorities Wednesday​, accused of bilking the government out of more than $300,000 in Social Security disability benefits — while working the past decade for luxury watchmaker and ret​​ailer Tourneau.
James Carson, 50, of Yorktown, should not have been working anywhere after claiming a hernia​​ted disc and other back problems forced him to leave the NYPD in 1990 and collect disability payments.
However, the feds discovered he's been working for a Manhattan-based watchmaker since at least 2004, a criminal complaint​ revealed​. The company is not named, but a 2010 press release notes that Carson is director of loss prevention at Tourneau and even won a prestigious National Retail Foundation award for working on an “an investigation that broke up a retail crime syndicate in California.”
Since 1990, he has collected $654,537 in Social Security benefits – including $306,431 while employed at Tourneau, prosecutors said.
“It is particularly troubling when these types of crimes are committed by individuals who were once entrusted with upholding the law, and who are already receiving generous taxpayer financed pensions.” said Edward J. Ryan, an agent with Social Security Administration.
Carson reported to the SSA in April that he hasn't worked since claiming disability, that he has is reliant on his wife to drive him places, and is routinely in excruciating agony.
When he attended the SSA interview, he was limping and walking with a cane, and he claimed in written forms that he always uses a cane, prosecutors said.
However, he walked out of court without using a cane Wednesday after appearing before a magistrate judge on charges of theft of government property, making false statements and failing to report income. He briefly hugged family members before exiting the courthouse at a rapid pace in a failed effort to dodge photographers.
He was released o​​n $600,000 bond and faces up to 20 years in jail. Both Carson and his lawyer declined comment.​ Tourneau did not immediately return a call for comment.​
In-utero nutrition is an under-studied aspect of cognitive development. Fruit has been an important dietary constituent for early hominins and humans. Among 808 eligible CHILD-Edmonton sub-cohort subjects, 688 (85%) had 1-year cognitive outcome data. We found that each maternal daily serving of fruit (sum of fruit plus 100% fruit juice) consumed during pregnancy was associated with a 2.38 point increase in 1-year cognitive development (95% CI 0.39, 4.37; p < 0.05). Consistent with this, we found 30% higher learning Performance index (PI) scores in Drosophila offspring from parents who consumed 30% fruit juice supplementation prenatally (PI: 85.7; SE 1.8; p < 0.05) compared to the offspring of standard diet parents (PI: 65.0 SE 3.4). Using the Drosophila model, we also show that the cyclic adenylate monophosphate (cAMP) pathway may be a major regulator of this effect, as prenatal fruit associated cognitive enhancement was blocked in Drosophila rutabaga mutants with reduced Ca2+-Calmodulin-dependent adenylyl cyclase. Moreover, gestation is a critical time for this effect as postnatal fruit intake did not enhance cognitive performance in either humans or Drosophila. Our study supports increased fruit consumption during pregnancy with significant increases in infant cognitive performance. Validation in Drosophila helps control for potential participant bias or unmeasured confounders.
The military venture capital arm has tapped technology research firm Galois and University of Washington scientists to develop computer games that will rope in the public to verify if military systems are free from software errors and security bugs, contract databases show.
The funding came out of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency program Crowd Sourced Formal Verification. The goal of the experiment is to create puzzles that gamers can solve on laptops and mobile devices. The game solutions would help run formal verification, the application of mathematical theories to determine if software code is free from bugs.
The three-year research and development effort, previously reported by NextGov, aims to help the Pentagon cut costs while it grapples with a shortage of security specialists to test weapons systems software.
The agency estimates that it will spend $4.7 million on the project in fiscal 2012, and $32 million by fiscal 2015, according to a DARPA request for proposals. Neither Galois nor the University of Washington responded to queries.
A new restaurant whose menu is deep with vegan and vegetarian options has debuted in a former barbecue spot in Deep Ellum. Kemet Kitchen recently opened at the corner of Commerce and Walton streets, in the former Mama Faye's space. It's a family-owned restaurant serving organic non-GMO dishes with produce from local farmers.
The menu is healthy Southern and comfort food, served in a casual-cool environment where the background music includes jazz greats like John Coltrane.
Kemet is the original name of Egypt, and the theme continues on the menu with a few dishes named after some of Egypt's kings and queens. Head chef Tracey Peterson graduated from Escoffier Culinary School in Austin, and has worked in the restaurant industry for 12 years. Sous-chef Markesha Beasley is a master at vegetarian and raw vegan cuisine.
The menu is a homey mix of vegetarian and comfort food. Starters include chicken wings, fried green tomatoes, and fried sweet potatoes. Four salads include a veggie quinoa, a hot salad with yams and kale, a spinach and pear salad, and a Thai-accented one with cabbage and jackfruit.
Entrée prices range from $11 to $18. The Imhotep is a veggie plate, with bell peppers, mushrooms, broccoli, zucchini, and yellow squash. King Narmer is "green everything," with spinach, bok choy, kale, and collards. There's red curry chicken, pan-seared cod, steamed salmon, and brown-butter herb chicken.
The restaurant is open for lunch, dinner, and brunch, and keeps late-night hours, as well. A spokesperson for the restaurant said that there is also a full bar. "It's a place to have a good meal, good drinks, and a nice atmosphere," she said.
Matt Barkley had a rough senior season. And it's too bad, because he performed well most of the time. The only issue was that Barkley was often performing his best when the rest of his team was not, as Lane Kiffin has pointed out.
In fact, 2012's Barkley had the highest quarterback rating for a college football passer whose team trailed by 15 or more points in all of the mighty cfbstats.com's six-year database.
Here's a list of the best-performing college football quarterbacks under these dire circumstances since 2007. Tragic heroes, all of them.
The sample size is minuscule for most, but it's okay to have fun with numbers.
Follow @SBNationCFB Follow @SBNRecruiting
College Football:
• All in, at last: SB Nation inside Gus Malzahn's Auburn
• Why Big Ten coaches should listen to the hive mind before hiring
• Kiffin says USC's defense cost Barkley the Heisman
• How to recruit 8th graders: Tips for Alabama and LSU
• The best (and we mean worst) quotes from the Combine
Donald Trump clarified Sunday that even though Russian President Vladimir Putin sincerely believes the Kremlin "didn't meddle" in the 2016 election, he sides with the US intelligence community, which concluded in January that Putin intervened to boost Trump's candidacy.
The president's comments at a joint press conference in Hanoi followed criticisms by Democrats and some Republicans that the president seemed to trust a US adversary over America's intelligence agencies.
"I'm surprised that there's any conflict on this," Trump said. "I'm with our agencies especially as currently constituted."
On Saturday, Trump told reporters on Air Force One that he briefly spoke with Putin on the sidelines of an Asian economic conference in Vietnam, and raised the issue of election interference. Many interpreted Trump's remarks as giving credence to Putin's denials.
"Every time he sees me he says, 'I didn't do that,' and I really believe that when he tells me that, he means it. But he says, 'I didn't do that,'" Trump said.
In January, the US intelligence community, which is made up of 17 agencies, concluded that Russia's campaign to meddle in the 2016 election, denigrate Hillary Clinton, and undermine US democracy was personally orchestrated by Putin.
"We assess Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the US presidential election," the Office of the Director of National Intelligence wrote.
On Saturday, Trump seemed to cast doubt on that assessment by impugning the integrity of former CIA Director John Brennan, former Intelligence Director James Clapper and former FBI Director Jim Comey.
"Then you hear it's 17 agencies. Well, it's three ... They're political hacks," Trump said. "I mean, you have Brennan, you have Clapper, and you have Comey. Comey is proven now to be a liar and he's proven to be a leaker."
Though all three men served in political appointee positions, they each spent their careers in the intelligence world serving under Republican and Democratic administrations.
Sen. John McCain slammed Trump's comments as "naive."
“There's nothing ‘America First' about taking the word of a KGB colonel over that of the American intelligence community," he said in a statement. "Vladimir Putin does not have America's interests at heart. To believe otherwise is not only naive but also places our national security at risk."
Although the US intelligence community has not changed its assessment of what happened during the 2016 election, Trump suggested that it is now more trustworthy under its current leadership. "As currently led by fine people, I believe very much in our intelligence agencies," he said.
During the economic summit, a major part of his almost two-week tour of Asia, Trump said he had "two or three very short conversations" with Putin which were mainly focused on Syria. The two adversaries issued a joint statement on Saturday expressing support for a political solution to the war in Syria and the establishment of safe zones in southwest Syria.
Trump's comments come less than two weeks after the Justice Department's probe into Russian interference in the election led to the indictment of three former Trump aides, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, his deputy Rick Gates, and former foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos.
Bengaluru: Amazon India and Flipkart are revamping their fashion categories, launching private brands and hunting for more exclusive partnerships to increase sales of a category that offers higher margins than smartphones and televisions, two of the other three largest categories in e-commerce.
Amazon indicated it intends to expand its private label portfolio and launch newer product lines, as it looks to differentiate its offering from Flipkart and Flipkart-owned retailers, Myntra and Jabong. In recent months, Amazon has also signed partnerships with leading brands such as Aeropostale, Arrow and Swarovski on certain product lines.
“We are still at an early stage (with private labels)," said Arun Sirdeshmukh, head of fashion at Amazon India. “We are putting together the building blocks. Should we do more of it? There are many product lines that we'd rather add to these brands that we have on the table. That's the journey."
ALSO READ | Amazon India launches fashion private brand Symbol
In August, Mint had reported that Amazon India was planning to create its own private brands in fashion and had hired executives such as former Myntra chief creative officer Gautam Kotamraju to help drive its push into fashion labels. Amazon launched a private label brand called Symbol in September—the first of several private brands it is likely to launch over the next year.
With private labels, Amazon is attempting to replicate the kind of success that online retailers such as Myntra have enjoyed by creating big brands out of private labels such as Roadster. Now, in-house brands such as Roadster, Mast & Harbour and Dressberry account for nearly 25% of Myntra's sales. Roadster is one of the top five brands on Myntra's platform at the moment.
“You should definitely expect more product lines because these are currently a western-wear brand and an ethnic-wear brand. There are many products that we haven't yet launched but are slated to. For example, we do a lot with top-wear, but there's also more to do with bottom-wear -- there's denim in that area. So, we are working on those product lines," said Sirdeshmukh.
Amazon is planning an end of season sale event in fashion with big discounts for shoppers, as it looks to regain momentum that had been disrupted by the government's demonetization drive.
Amazon also indicated that it will enter newer categories over the coming months, especially in women's fashion and womenswear. “Are we there in all categories? That journey is never complete," said Sirdeshmukh, who joined Amazon from online retailer Fashionara.com which shut shop earlier in 2016.
Fashion retail on e-commerce portals is expected to constitute 35% of the total online retail revenue generated in India, which is expected to touch at least $35 billion by 2020, according to a recent Google report. By this time, fashion may overtake smartphones as the largest product category.
Amazon's plans to expand rapidly in the fashion category comes at a time when the company is locked in a bruising market share battle with arch rival Flipkart, with both players targeting categories such as private labels where online retailers can potentially enjoy high margins on sales. It's important for Amazon to build a large fashion business, especially as Flipkart and Myntra currently dominate online sales of apparel, shoes and accessories.
Flipkart on Tuesday said it is revamping its fashion business and re-launching the category, with key partnerships and tie-ups with television channels, film magazines and celebrities. It also indicated it may launch a new private label sometime during the middle of 2017.
ALSO READ | Flipkart's fashion unit Myntra bets on artificial intelligence to drive growth
“Over the last 6-8 months, we have been focusing on improving our selections further. This is not by adding more styles—we want to add more relevant styles and also to bring in better discovery for customers," said Rishi Vasudev, vice-president, fashion, at Flipkart, adding that Flipkart has tied up with Colors TV channel as part of this re-launch campaign.
Flipkart said the revamped fashion portal would go live on Tuesday and that it would launch a big campaign to promote the revamp in the first week of January.
“In that light what we are doing is we are doing an entire refresh of the fashion (vertical), where we have curated the whole selection based on what people are searching for. What we have also done is we have associated with all the key influencers of fashion, right from Bollywood, film magazines, TV celebs, as well as international trends to really curate the selection around that. So, we have associations with a few leading names from each of these, so you will see selections from them," said Vasudev
MyFonts License v1.00
This license can also be found at this permalink: https://www.fontsquirrel.com/license/Bender
By selecting the “Accept License Agreement” button, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. This Agreement, in conjunction with the receipt that accompanies each purchase from MyFonts.com (“MyFonts”), constitutes the complete agreement between you and MyFonts.
1. Allowed uses
You may use the licensed fonts to create images on any surface such as computer screens, paper, web pages, photographs, movie credits, printed material, T-shirts, and other surfaces where the image is a fixed size.
You may use the licensed fonts to create EPS files or other scalable drawings provided that such files are only used by the household or company licensing the font.
2. Number of users
The maximum number of simultaneous users is specified in the applicable receipt. All users must belong to the same company or household purchasing the font.
3. Third parties
You may provide the font to a graphic designer, printer or other service bureau that is working on your behalf only if they agree to use the font exclusively for your work, agree to the terms of this license, and retain no copies of the font on completion of the work.
You may not provide the font or make it accessible to any other third parties.
4. Embedding
You may embed the licensed fonts into any document you send to third parties. Such documents may be viewed and printed (but not edited) by the recipients.
You may not under any circumstances embed the licensed fonts into software or hardware products in which the fonts will be used by the purchasers of such products. Such use requires a different license which may be offered by the Foundry through MyFonts. Please contact help@myfonts.com for further information.
5. Modifications
You may import characters from the font as graphical objects into a drawing program and modify such graphical objects.
You may not modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create derivative works based on the licensed font itself without Foundry's prior written consent.
6. Copyright
The font and the accompanying materials are copyrighted and contain proprietary information and trade secrets belonging to the foundry owning the font. Unauthorized copying of the Product even if modified, merged, or included with other software, or of the written materials, is expressly forbidden. You may be held legally responsible for any infringement of the foundry's intellectual property rights that is caused or encouraged by your failure to abide by the terms of this Agreement.
7. Termination
This Agreement is effective until terminated. This Agreement will terminate automatically without notice from MyFonts or the Foundry if you fail to comply with any provision contained herein. Upon termination, you must destroy the written materials, the Product, and all copies of them, in part and in whole, including modified copies, if any.
8. Product Upgrades
MyFonts may, from time to time, update the Product. Product upgrade pricing may apply.
9. Disclaimer and Limited Warranty
MyFonts warrants the Product to be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use for a period of twenty one (21) days from the date of delivery as shown on your receipt. MyFonts' entire liability and your exclusive remedy as to a defective product shall be, at MyFonts' option, either return of purchase price or replacement of any such product that is returned to MyFonts with a copy of the invoice. MyFonts shall have no responsibility to replace the product or refund the purchase price if failure results from accident, abuse or misapplication, or if any product is lost or damaged due to theft, fire, or negligence. Any replacement product will be warranted for twenty one (21) days. This warranty gives you specific legal rights. You may have other rights, which vary from state to state.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED ABOVE, THE PRODUCT, IS PROVIDED “AS IS”. NEITHER MYFONTS NOR THE FOUNDRY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Product rests upon you. Neither MyFonts nor the Foundry warrants that the functions contained in the Product will meet your requirements or that the operation of the software will be uninterrupted or error free.
NEITHER MYFONTS NOR THE FOUNDRY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FROM LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT EVEN IF MYFONTS OR THE FOUNDRY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.
10. Governing Law
This agreement is governed by the laws of the United States of America and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
If there were any lingering doubts over President Barack Obama's legacy on LGBT rights, the nation's first African-American president appeared to wipe them away last week.
On June 16, after years of pressure from outside groups, the White House announced that Obama would sign an executive order prohibiting federal contractors from discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. The news that Obama would at last act on something he said he would do when running for president in 2008 was greeted with applause — and relief — from LGBT advocates previously puzzled by inaction on the executive order.
Days later, the Obama administration announced additional actions against Uganda, including cuts in aid and restricting entry to the U.S. by certain Ugandan officials, for the implementation of an anti-LGBT law earlier this year. The move, advocates say, sets a precedent for dealing with other countries considering laws that target LGBT people.
And then on Friday, the Obama administration concluded what is being called the vastest conferral of rights to LGBT people in American history. In a memo to President Obama, Attorney General Eric Holder announced the completion of the administration's implementation of last year's U.S. Supreme Court decision striking down Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act, ending the federal government's definition of marriage as between a man and a woman.
“I am pleased to report that agencies across the federal government have implemented the Windsor decision to treat married same-sex couples the same as married opposite-sex couples for the benefits and obligations for which marriage is relevant, to the greatest extent possible under the law,” Holder wrote.
On Friday, the Labor Department also announced it is proposing a rule change to the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) clarifying that employees are eligible for leave to care for a same-sex spouse, regardless of whether they live in a state that recognizes same-sex marriage. The Social Security Administration and the Department of Veterans Affairs announced additional guidance for same-sex couples, while noting that they cannot fully extend benefits until areas of federal law are updated by Congress. Meanwhile, both Holder and the White House renewed their calls on Congress to pass legislation that would correct areas of federal law that continue to prevent the extension of benefits.
Judging by the reaction from advocates, such steps have cemented Obama's legacy as the greatest ally the LGBT community has ever known to occupy the White House.
“President Obama's advocacy on behalf of LGBT people is nothing less than historic. There is no question that the lives of LGBT people today are immeasurably better today than they were before this president took office,” said Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign, in a statement. “The administration's sweeping interpretation and implementation of the Windsor decision has led to [the] the greatest conferral of equal rights, benefits and obligations to LGBT people in our nation's history. In record time, Attorney General Holder has moved heaven and earth to guarantee equality, and the LGBT community could not ask for a better partner in progress.”
Since taking the oath of office in January 2009, Obama has checked off a long list of LGBT accomplishments. The first sitting American president to openly endorse same-sex marriage, he has all but ensured that a Democrat will never again be able to run for the White House without supporting marriage equality. Under his direction, Attorney General Eric Holder and the Justice Department ceased defending DOMA in federal court. When the Supreme Court heard arguments in same-sex marriage cases for the first time in March 2013, Obama's solicitor general, Donald Verrilli, urged the Supreme Court justices to strike down DOMA as well as California's same-sex marriage ban. The repeal of “Don't Ask, Don't Tell” bears his signature, and the White House has indicated his openness to at least a review of the military's existing ban on transgender service. Early on, Obama endorsed the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA) and promised to sign it into law when it reaches his desk. He also signed the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) with new LGBT protections, helped enact hate crime legislation, lifted the ban on people with HIV traveling to the U.S. and made the human rights of LGBT people a key plank of his foreign policy.
Of course, there are issues that remain, and Obama has rarely been out front of such issues — and at times seemingly a step behind his vice president, Joe Biden, who not only endorsed marriage equality two days before Obama but also expressed support for the executive order in April. But last week's movement on LGBT-rights by the Obama administration builds upon a record that is unparalleled in American politics, and one that Obama has conveyed pride in. He has openly spoken about the struggles of not just gay Americans, but also transgender Americans, in settings as varying as interviews with television and print media outlets to high profile speeches such as his second inaugural address.
Through words and actions, Obama has not only solidified his legacy on these issues, but also his political party's reputation as the stalwart supporter of LGBT rights at a time when public opinion is increasingly shifting in favor of equality. What once was a wedge issue used by Republicans against Democrats is increasingly becoming one used by Democrats against Republicans, including by Obama himself.
“So now you flash back 10 years ago. Maybe no single issue divided our country more than same-sex marriage,” Obama told LGBT donors last week at a fundraiser for the Democratic National Committee in New York City. “In fact, the Republican Party built their entire strategy for 2004 around this issue. You remember? They calculated that if they put constitutional amendments banning same-sex marriage on state ballots, they'd turn out more voters, they'd win. And they, frankly, were right. People flocked to the polls. Those amendments were on the ballots in 11 states. They passed in every single one. Now, here's a good bet. They're not going to try the same strategy in 2014.”
Later in that speech, Obama took note of the Texas Republican Party's recent endorsement of “ex-gay therapy” in their official party platform, something that has done no favors for the national GOP's rebranding efforts. Texas Gov. Rick Perry, who ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 2012 and has not ruled out another run for the White House, has been asked about the issue repeatedly by national reporters since comparing alcoholism to homosexuality earlier this month. (Perry has since admitted he “stepped right in it” with his remarks, but has not retracted his analogy.)
“Democrats want to talk about anything other than jobs and the economy, and Republicans should only be talking about jobs and the economy. If there is one key takeaway from the 2012 election cycle, it's that Republicans took their eyes off the ball and allowed themselves to get sidelined on social issues,” says Gregory T. Angelo, executive director of Log Cabin Republicans. “In 2012 the Democrats spun the Rove '04 strategy on its head and used support for LGBT issues as a wedge — and it worked.”
Indeed, in the 2012 presidential election, LGB voters made up 5 percent of the electorate, 76 percent of whom voted for Obama, according to exit polls.
With Democrats largely onboard with LGBT rights (every Senate Democrat voted to outlaw LGBT workplace discrimination in November while only three Senate Democrats have not yet openly endorsed same-sex marriage), the rate at which some have evolved has even become an issue. During a recent interview with NPR, Hillary Clinton defended her decision to only endorse same-sex marriage in March 2013, shortly after leaving her position as secretary of state, and denied that she hid her support for marriage equality for political gain. “When I was ready to say what I said, I said it,” Clinton stated. Most notably, Clinton also said she believes marriage should be left up to the states and expressed her support for state-by-state efforts to secure marriage equality, a position that contradicts the majority of marriage-equality advocates who believe a national resolution must come from the Supreme Court.
At a time when Clinton's views on marriage equality are back in the public eye, Secretary of State John Kerry appeared to further illustrate Democrats' full embrace of LGBT-rights and the scramble to claim credit for who got to the finish line first when he said at an event marking LGBT Pride Month that he is “proud to be the first sitting Secretary of State to support same-sex marriage” and noted he was one of only 14 senators to vote against DOMA, which was signed by President Bill Clinton in 1996.
Republicans, meanwhile, are increasingly unwilling to fight the issue, let alone talk about it. At the National Organization for Marriage's anti-gay marriage rally last week, Kansas Rep. Tim Huelskamp was the only current member of Congress to attend. The issue of marriage equality was also largely absent during last week's Faith and Freedom Coalition's “Road to Majority” conference, where potential Republican presidential candidates such as Gov. Chris Christie and Sens. Ted Cruz and Rand Paul chose to focus on other issues. Those who did address LGBT issues, such as Gary Bauer, president of American Values, aired their anti-LGBT views while having little to lose politically (Bauer accused Obama of being “obsessed” with the gay-rights agenda).
During a Monday interview with CNBC's Squawk Box, Republican Sen. Ron Johnson (Wisc.) said it's not social issues that matter, but economic issues that “overweigh all the other ones.” But when pressed on how Republicans will win elections if voters disagree with them on such issues as same-sex marriage, Johnson went further, arguing the GOP should follow the will of the voters.
“I think we first have to recognize that these social issues are going to primarily be decided in the states through democratic process and that's the why it should happen. I'll certainly go with the judgment of the American people on terms of where they want to fall on, whether it's abortion issues or whether it's gay marriage or whatever,” Johnson said. “Let the voters decide that.”
But while Republicans may want to focus on other issues, Democrats, and a growing majority of voters, may not let them. During his speech at the DNC's LGBT fundraiser, Obama encouraged those who in the past might not have enjoyed the full liberty America has to offer to focus on those still struggling.
“That's why this community has to be just as concerned about poor kids, regardless of sexual orientation,” Obama said. “That's why this community should be fighting for workers who aren't getting paid a minimum wage that's high enough. That's why this community has to show compassion for the illegal immigrant who is contributing to our society and just wants a chance to move out of the shadows. That's why this community should be concerned about equal pay for equal work, straight or gay. That's why this community has to be concerned about the remaining vestiges of racial discrimination.”
With Republicans increasingly hesitant to waste political capital wading into the culture wars, such a clarion call provides a glimpse of the progressive coalition Obama has helped forge — and one Republicans, despite their outreach efforts, have done little thus far to break apart.
“If you've experienced being on the outside, you've got to be one to bring more folks in even once you are inside,” Obama told the crowd of donors. “That's our task. That's our job. That's why we're here tonight.”
You're maybe facing issues shopping on our site right now - sorry! We're fixing this as we speak and will be up and running in 15 mins! — Flipkart (@Flipkart) October 6, 2014
NEW DELHI: In one of the biggest sales days in Indian online retail market, Flipkart and Snapdeal on Monday sold products worth an estimated Rs 600 crore each even as customers complained about technical glitches, while global e-retailer Amazon continued its own pre-Diwali campaign.Flipkart claimed it sold products worth $100 million (over Rs 600 crore) within 10 hours, while Snapdeal pegged its sales at Rs 1 crore a minute — which translates into a figure similar to Filpkart's.There were no sales figures from Amazon which is running a three-day discount campaign."We got a billion hits on our site today and achieved our 24-hour sales target of $100 million in GMV (gross merchandize value) in just 10 hours," Flipkart co-founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal said in a joint statement.Sale on Flipkart started at 8am and most of the products under scheme were sold by afternoon."The Big Billion Day is an unprecedented day for us as this is the biggest sale ever in India. With a range of exciting offers on quality products at disruptive prices available throughout the sale period, we have created history in Indian e-commerce," the joint statement said."Snapdeal had a record breaking day of sales on October 6, 2014. We witnessed sales of over a crore rupees a minute, with lakhs of products being sold in a single day," its co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl said.Customers, however, complained of technical glitches and slow response on Flipkart website. They took to social media websites to express their dismay over the performance of the Flipkar website during the sale scheme. Some customers complained that they did not receive their order details despite paying for the product they bought."Our technology team has been dedicated towards addressing errors and providing constant support to accommodate the largest scale of traffic and customer visits e-commerce has witnessed across the country," the Flipkart statement said. The company offered huge discount on mobile phones, consumer electronics, gold coins and other merchandise products.Under the sale, Flipkart offered Nokia 1020 at Rs 19,999 which is about 60 per cent less than its launch price. Similarly, the company offered heavy discounts on books. Some products were on offer at discount of over 90 per cent.
Playwrights Theatre is currently accepting submissions for the 29th Annual New Jersey Young Playwrights Contest. Plays are accepted in the following divisions: Elementary (grades 4-6), Junior High (grades 7-9), High School (grades 10-12), Interested young playwrights must submit their plays online atwww.njypf.org. Submissions must be received by January 14, 2012 for playwrights in grades 10- 12; and by January 15, 2012 for playwrights in grades 4-9. Scripts will be reviewed by theatre professionals from across the country and a written critique will be provided to each playwright.
Select plays will be chosen for further development and a public reading at Premiere Stages at Kean University in May and as part of Playwrights Theatre's Annual Forum Reading Series in December. For complete details and submission guidelines, visit www.njypf.org, or contact Jim DeVivo, Direction of Education at973-514-1787 X14 or jdevivo@ptnj.org, or visit the New Jersey Young Playwrights Blog at http://njyoungplaywrights.blogspot.com/
There may be up to three winners in each division. High School winners receive a New Jersey Governor's Award in Arts Education, cosponsored by the New Jersey Arts Education Partnership and the New Jersey Department of Education. Winning playwrights who individually write their play (i.e. without a co-author) may be eligible to receive a scholarship to attend Camp Premiere, the summer theatre program at Premiere Stages. Elementary and Junior High School award recipients will receive Certificates of Achievement.
For over 29 years, the New Jersey Young Playwrights Contest has been deepening the writing experience for young writers by providing entrants with detailed feedback from theatre professionals about their play. For the seventh year in a row, winning plays will be presented in May 2012 as staged readings with professional actors and directors during the New Jersey Young Playwrights Festival, a partnership between Playwrights Theatre and Premiere Stages at Kean University. Admission to the readings is free, but reservations are suggested, as seating is limited.
Two former New Jersey Young Playwrights Contest winners, Mary Hamilton and Judah Skoff, have continued their playwriting careers. Mary Hamiltonis originally from Brielle, NJ. She received a B.A. in English from Rutgers University, and was a 2009 recipient of the Iowa Arts Fellowship, completing her final year in the University of Iowa's Playwrights Workshop. She has had productions in Edinburgh and Iowa City, and staged readings in New Brunswick NJ, NYC, Australia, and Iowa City. She participated in the WordBRIDGE Playwriting Conference in 2008, Young Playwright's, Incorporated in 2002, and received the New Jersey Governor's Award in Arts Education in 2000 and 2001 (she won the contest two years in a row). She was recently named as one of six finalists for the 2012 Page 73 Playwriting Fellowship.
"Winning the New Jersey Playwrights Contest gave me the confidence to pursue my playwriting dreams, and I haven't stopped since," said Judah Skoff. Immediately after winning New Jersey, I won the National Playwriting Competition, sponsored by Young Playwrights Inc. I went to Brown University to study English and writing. Most recently, my new play, A MATTER OF DREAMS, was named winner of the 2012 New Jersey Playwrights Contest and it will have a world premiere production at the Hunziker Black Box Theatre in April. It, along with two of my other new plays, had their first readings in the Playwrights Theatre of New Jersey's FORUM Series. My association with Playwrights Theatre, going back to the New Jersey Playwrights Contest, truly has made all the difference. I owe them the world."
For more information about the New Jersey Young Playwrights Festival, Playwrights Theatre's Creative Arts Academy or Playwrights Theatre's New Jersey Writers Project, please visit www.ptnj.org or call (973) 514-1787.
Defendant Matthew Crippen, facing prison for modding Xbox 360 consoles, is walking free after the government abandoned its case.
This has been an interesting week for Matthew Crippen, a 28-year-old resident of Southern California. Yesterday, we reported that Crippen could face ten years in prison for running a side business that modded Xbox 360 units to play pirated (and homebrewed) games. Earlier today, we reported that the judge in the case had torn the prosecution a new one regarding some aspects of their case - but the government had elected to proceed with its case nonetheless.
That decision to proceed was abruptly reversed today, and Matthew Crippen is a free man. According to Wired, prosecutor Allen Chiu told the judge that the government had "decided to dismiss the indictment ... based on fairness and justice" shortly before the jury was to be seated on the third day of trial.
The Crippen trial was the first jury trial testing how the anti-circumvention provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act - which make it a crime to physically alter hardware to circumvent copyright protection - apply to videogame consoles.
Unfortunately for pirates, modders, and anti-DMCA activists, it's unclear if the dismissal of the case will actually set any legal precedent against the DMCA. From what I understand, the prosecution's abrupt abandonment based on "fairness and justice" had nothing to do with any change of heart regarding the DMCA provisions, but because the case was shoddily built on questionable legal grounds.
The prosecution's first witness, Tony Rosario, was an Entertainment Software Association agent who purchased Crippen's modding services, and videotaped him in the act. This was already a dubious matter - and one that the judge had previously chewed the prosecution out over - but in his testimony, Rosario said that Crippen tested that the modification worked by inserting a pirated game into the system. However, the pre-trial reports and sworn declarations earlier filed by Rosario included no mention of this at all.
Presumably, Rosario's statement was an attempt to convince jurors that Crippen knew that what he was doing was against the law - a key question in order to establish guilt. It's certainly possible that Crippen did know that he was breaking the law and that he did in fact insert a pirated game, and that Rosario's pre-trial briefs simply neglected to mention this (whether it is likely, however, is another matter entirely). Either way, defense attorney Callie Steele objected to the matter, sending the whole case crashing to the ground.
Chiu claimed that Rosario had only just recalled the matter on Sunday - too late for it to be included in pre-trial filings - and admitted that the prosecution should have forwarded it to the defense right away. However, given that the prosecution had made grievous errors in the handling of the case, the damage had been done, and the government dropped all charges.
But how would the jury have ruled, anyway? Paul Dietz, a 27-year-old actor admits that - based on the single day of testimony that the jury had heard - he "probably would have acquitted." On the other hand Jerry Griffin, a 63-year-old trial attorney, said that Microsoft had the right to protect its proprietary information.
This may not be a victory for DMCA activists - rest assured that the government will try to build a more legally sound case the next time this sort of thing goes to court. That said, it's certainly a victory for Matthew Crippen. "It still has not hit me yet," Crippen told press outside the court shortly after the dismissal. He plans on returning to Cal State Fullerton to get his liberal arts degree.
(Wired)
In 2017 again, Land Motorsport is on the road to success. After winning the VLN Speed Trophy (with three overall wins) and the victory of the ADAC GT Masters 2016, the team of Wolfgang Land celebrated a second place in the GT3 class last weekend at the Daytona 24h Race. The gap of Christopher Mies, Connor De Phillippi, Jeffrey Schmidt and Jules Gounon in the Audi R8 LMS to the winning Porsche after the finish was only 0.293 seconds.
“Of course, we would have preferred to win the class”, admits Wolfgang Land. “The race is nevertheless a big success for us and not a defeat.” Over long distances, the Land-Audi could be seen in the leading group of class GT3 (officially: GTD, GT Daytona) and they were also in the lead for a while. The only incidents which the team suffered during this endurance test twice around the clock were a tyre damage and a slight collision with another competitor. Not even the very bad weather during the night with torrential rain and temperatures under 10° could slow down the driver quartet. “I was fighting like hell to the very end”, says Christopher Mies about the last hour. “In the banked curve, I even managed to pass two cars at the same time but I had no chances against the strongly attacking Porsche.”
Before the German VLN season will start with its opening round end of March, Land Motorsport has another adventure in the United States on their calendar: From 15th to 18th March they will compete in the Sebring 12 Hour Race.
Read story transcript
A parliamentary inquiry into the role KPMG played in helping wealthy Canadians avoid paying taxes was much less aggressive than a U.S. Senate investigation in a KPMG tax avoidance scheme that helped Americans evade paying taxes.
That was one of the conclusions of an investigation into the accounting giant KPMG by the CBC's fIfth estate which airs March 3.
The difference between the two investigations "was night and day," says Harvey Cashore, the senior producer of CBC's special investigations unit who produced the fifth estate documentary.
"You began with the same idea which was let's investigate the facts behind what happened. And very early on in the Canadian inquiry, and this is a parliamentary inquiry, you see the KPMG witness refuse to answer the question about who he talked to at the CRA (Canadian Revenue Agency), or the KPMG talked to. And that question was allowed to go unanswered," Cashore tells The Current's Anna Maria Tremonti.
Tax professor André Lareau was among experts forbidden from addressing KPMG's controversial offshore tax dodge in the Isle of Man at Commons finance committee, June 7, 2016. (Parliament of Canada) "If you contrast that with some of the testimony that KPMG was trying to provide in the United States, the congressional Senators were having nothing to do with it. They would say answer the question."
According to Cashore, the Parliamentary finance committee was to look into a scheme that was set up by KPMG where wealthy clients gave away millions of dollars as gifts to the Isle of Man and then received the money back as gifts. As a gift it was not taxable.
The CRA alleges that the scheme was a "sham" and that the clients, in reality, never gave away their money.
The committee was also supposed to look into a "sweetheart deal" between KPMG clients and the Canada Revenue Agency whereby those who used the scheme could pay the taxes owed, without any penalty.
A key provision imposed by the CRA was that the terms of the deal be kept secret from the public.
Cashore says when he received a copy of the secret deal between the CRA and KPMG's clients in a brown paper envelope, and publicized, it caused a stir in Ottawa.
"People were wondering, does the CRA have a double standard here?" Cashore tells Tremonti.
"When you go on the CRA website you see handcuffs. They say you are going to jail if you commit tax evasion and then you see this secret deal to KPMG clients which is, we will offer you this no penalties offer ... but please don't tell the public."
The fifth estate's documentary, The Untouchables airs March 3, at 9 p.m.EST on CBC TV.
Listen to the full segment at the top of this web post.
This segment was produced by The Current's Howard Goldenthal.
Miko Grimes, the wife of Brent Grimes, right, shown with Michael Irvin at Sunday's Pro Bowl, had some things to get off her chest. (Mark J. Rebilas/USA Today Sports)
Dolphins cornerback Brent Grimes made arguably the play of the game in Monday's Pro Bowl, acrobatically grabbing the ball away from T.Y. Hilton while face-guarding the Colts receiver in the end zone. However, that wasn't enough to snare defensive player of the game honors, which went to Texans defensive end J.J. Watt, who had his own interception, plus a forced fumble.
This turn of events, along with other perceived snubs, did not sit well with Miko Grimes, the wife of the Miami player. On a flight back from Phoenix, where the game was held, Grimes expressed her frustrations in what proved to be a lengthy and wide-ranging — not to mention profane — rant against her husband's employer.
Grimes, clearly in a mood to vent, signaled her intentions right off the bat:
Twitter rant directed at @nfl in 5.. 4.. 3.. 2.. 1
Then Grimes proceeded to detail how she felt her husband was unfairly punished for missing a Pro Bowl practice, which he did for a reason very personal to her. (Note: Tweets with overt profanity are quoted below so that the offending words can be taken out. And, no, I don't personally have a problem with profanity, but this isn't my personal blog.)
For those of u that dont know, i had emergency oral surgery on Thursday. My husband was concerned for me, so he asked coach Garrett if he — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
could miss practice to be there for me bcuz i was stressed and in a lot of pain. Coach Garrett and and NFL exec excused him from practice — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
to be there for me. Well… Apparently, the right hand of the @nfl didnt tell the left hand he wouldnt be there that day, so they yanked — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
his paid appearances & are not happy with him. What kind of message does that send to the players? Do they think they are above family? — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
WTF was he supposed to do? Stay at a PRO BOWL practice while his wife is in pain that equates child birth? Was him missing a fan autograph — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
Tweet: “session worthy of [expletive] on him @nfl? Havent u guys [expletive] on him enough? Him missing practice made u guys take the MVP from him?” Tweet: “The nfl is the [expletive], SHADIEST, DISRESPECTFUL professional sport in the WORLD!!! & as long as i breathe air, i will talk [expletive] about em!” Tweet: “Why the hell cant u guys cut him a [expletive] BREAK? @nfl do u see how hard he plays? Do u see the dedication? The toughness? U [expletives] blind?” Tweet: “There is NO REASON ALL ALL why Brent Grimes shouldnt have been MVP of the defense!!! NONE!!!! Do u hear me??????”
It could have ended there, except that Grimes had a lot more issues with the league apart from what had just occurred. She began accusing the NFL of hypocrisy for its positions on domestic violence.
Tweet: “U have these [expletives] NOMORE campaigns going on about domestic violence and sexual assault when we all know u dont GAF about women!” Tweet: “I have friends that were beaten, thrown downstairs WHILE PREGNANT, guys arrested, & @nfl suspended them 1 [expletive] GAME! Now yall care? FOH”
They asked helped it stay quiet bcuz its none of their business until Ray Rice clocked his now wife on camera. Then all of a sudden NOMORE? — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
Tweet: “GET THE [expletive] OUTTA HERE @NFL!!!!! Im not being quiet about this [expletive] NOMORE!!” Tweet: “The @nfl only gives a [expletive] about themselves! They dont care about these players and their families. Dont let these [expletives] fool u!”
Grimes then turned her attention to the NFL's hypocrisy on player-safety issues.
Im contemplating naming SEVERAL players that the @nfl violated the concussion rules with players but that would take down ppl i care about. — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
Tweet: “But dont believe for a SECOND they care about these players injuries. Its all [expletive]!! They care about MONEY!!! Thats why i tell every” Tweet: “player i talk to GET YO BREAD DOG!!! [expletive] all that other [expletive]!!! Get paid!!! There is NO LOYALTY in this business outside of fans.” Tweet: “If the @nfl cares about players, why are there TNF games? Have u guys ever thought about that [expletive]?”
They ask these guys to play a game on Sunday, then turn around and play again on Thursday!
The next tweet alone was worth the price of admission.
Grimes continued.
Hey @nfl when u ask them to play on thursday night, ur asking them to have 2 car crashes in one week. Why do u do that if u care about them? — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
Do u know how difficult it is to line up the best athletes in the world twice a week for a head on collision? Once a week isnt enough? @nfl — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
Do u know how incredibly STUPID it is to have a month-long training camp full of 2 & 3 a days, including 4 pre-season games each week? @nfl — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
Tweet: “Do u know most injuries early in the season are bcuz training camp is TOO [expletive] MUCH ON THE BODY, U IDIOTS? @nfl But yall care huh? GTFOH!”
Then it was on to financial matters.
All yall care about is MONEY!!! @nfl — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
Tweet: “Greedy sons a [expletives]!! @nfl”
I feel sorry for all the guys that play this sport. Fans get upset at players for holding out. Why????? Why do yall care? They make BILLIONS — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
Brent signed a 4yr 32M contract with 16M guaranteed. U better beleve he wont see that other 16M! They can opt out after the guaranteed. — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
Tweet: “See how @nfl set that [expletive] up? But if u wanna leave after ur deal is up, they can tag u, TWICE!!! To make u stay! That [expletive] is comedy!” Tweet: “Then if u hold out, they fine u $30k a day n [expletive]!!!' [expletive] ridiculous!”
Yall better PRAY i dont get a real voice in these streets or im airing this whole league out! @nfl i know where the bodies are buried! TRUST — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 26, 2015
Tweet: “Keep [expletive] my husband over and im gonna put a map out to the world and expose this league for what it truly is! @nfl #TryIt[Expletive]”
And with that, the rant was over.
Well, not really. Grimes at that point was receiving plenty of feedback, and posted a number of re-tweets, including by some who disagreed with her (often getting an expletive in return).
Later, Grimes began posting a manifesto, of sorts.
I tweet for the wives and girlfriends of the popular players that cant say how they feel bcuz their bae has endorsements to protect. — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 27, 2015
I tweet for the wives & girlfriends that were physically abused by NFL players who were only suspended 1 game while she went to the ER. — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 27, 2015
I tweet for the players that dont get any shine bcuz they're on a team that "isnt marketable" enough to bring
I tweet for players like Justin Houston, who had 22 sacks this year but never made ESPN, while the leagues favorites got all the shine! — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 27, 2015
I tweet for players like Harry Douglas, who is arguably the best slot receiver in the NFL and nobody knows what team he's on. — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 27, 2015
I tweet for players like Dunta Robinson, who was asked to take a pay cut to help bring in more talent, and did it, only to be cut. — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 27, 2015
Tweet: “I tweet for BRENT GRIMES, who got off social media, bcuz he allowed a catch in a big game, & his own fan base [expletive] on him for 72hrs straight”
I tweet for all pro athletes that get sick & tired of ppl telling them to stop bitching about being a millionaire, as if they didnt earn it! — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 27, 2015
I tweet for Dolphins fans that are tired of their players not getting any individual love for their accomplishments bc their team was 8-8. — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 27, 2015
And last but not least, i tweet for all the women out there that arent afraid to stand by their man, while others try to take him down! — Miko Grimes (@iHeartMiko) January 27, 2015
Certainly, no one can accuse Miko Grimes of not standing by her man. What the NFL makes of her accusations remains to be seen.
Norodum Sihanouk who lived through tremendous changes in his country and spoke out in support of gay marriage in 2004, died in hospital in Beijing yesterday
Norodum Sihanouk the former king of Cambodia died aged 89 yesterday at a hospital in Beijing.
King Sihanouk lived through tremendous changes in his lifetime. He became king in 1941 because the French colonial rulers thought as an 18-year-old he would be easier to manipulate than his father. He helped bring about Cambodian independence without bloodshed in 1953.
During the Vietnam War, Sihanouk tried to keep Cambodia neutral between the clashing Americans and Communists. The Americans under the orders of President Nixon and Henry Kissenger, without the approval of Congress, used the presence of Viet Cong bases in eastern Cambodia as an excuse to drastically carpet bomb the area leading to 150,000 to 600,000 civilian deaths and food shortages.
In 1970 a US-backed coup installed Lon Nol as Cambodia's leader, forcing Sihanouk into exile in China. He then formed an alliance with the Khmer Rouge guerillas led by Pol Pot. During the years of the Khmer Rouge genocide when 1.7 million people died, Sihanouk was kept prisoner in his palace. Among those who died were five (out of 14) of Sihanouk's children and at least 15 grandchildren.
When Vietnam invaded Cambodia in 1979 Sihanouk fled to exile in China again, where he stayed until the Vietnamese withdrew in 1990. He was crowded king again in 1993.
The king abdicated in 2004 due to ill-health, handing the crown to his son Norodom Sihamoni, Cambodia's ambassador for UNESCO who taught ballet dancing in France from 1981 to 2001.
The current king, now aged 59, has never married. His father said that he ‘loves women as his sisters'. In a piece about gay life in Camobodia journalist Patrick Winn reported last year: ‘Gay Cambodians note with a wink that the king is a style-conscious bachelor and former ballet instructor in Paris'.
In 2004 Sihanouk, who was married to five or six women, spoke out in favour of same-sex marriage in Cambodia after seeing gay marriages in San Francisco on TV. ‘I am not gay, but I respect the rights of gays and lesbians,' he said. ‘It's not their fault if God makes them born that way.'
Following the news of his death last night UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon acknowledged Sihanouk's ‘long dedication to his country and his legacy as a unifying national leader who is revered by Cambodians and respected internationally'.
See the BBC's Norodom Sihanouk's Life in Pictures and read his obituary.
The books are no better. If you look at the list of the top 200 most mentioned characters in the series, here's what you'll find:
Number of POC characters: 9 (4.5%)
(4.5%) Cho Chang, Dean Thomas, Angelina Johnson, Parvati Patil, Lee Jordan, Kingsley Shacklebolt, Blaise Zabini, Padma Patil, Hassan Mostafa (I bet a bunch of you just scrunched up your faces and went, “who?”)
Number of POC characters in the top 50: 2 (#44 Cho Chang, #45 Dean Thomas)
When the whole premise of your series is built on an allegorical war over racism and genocide, it's pretty fucked up not to make at least a few of your major characters from the oppressed group actual POC. Harry and/or Hermione could easily have been explicitly described as not being white, for example.
I've seen some people try to justify the lack of diversity by saying “but Britain is ~SUPER WHITE~!!!!”
No. Even if you were to use actual British demographics as the bar by which to judge this series, there should have been at least 16 POC characters in the top 200, and at least 4 in the top 50.
Now consider this:
Number of non-human characters in the top 200: 26 (13%)
(13%) (4 more characters are described as being part giant or part veela, but are white-appearing.)
There is better representation of centaurs, house-elves, giants, and goblins in this series than there is of human characters of colour. Dobby and Kreacher in particular get way more page time and much better character development than any of the POC characters. You'll suspend your disbelief for them, but actual humans who aren't mayonnaise-white? Nah, not believable or necessary.
The gender ratios are also terrible:
Number of human and part human male characters: 115 ( 34 in the top 50, 9 in the top 10)
( in the top 50, in the top 10) Number of human and part human female characters: 59 ( 13 in the top 50, 1 in the top 10)
( in the top 50, in the top 10) Total number of male characters: 135 (67.5%)
(67.5%) Total number of female characters: 65 (32.5%)
This should go without saying, but criticism of a thing is not the same as hate. It is because we love this series that we should hold it to a high standard and talk about the ways in which it fails to live up.
UNITED NATIONS – The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) warned Tuesday that it has documented “an appalling increase” in the use of children, particularly girls, as “human bombs” in northeast Nigeria, noting that the number has risen to four times higher than in 2016.
The humanitarian program reported that, so far this year, 83 children have been used as human bombs – a preferable term to “suicide bomber” as the children are victims, not perpetrators of terrorism. Of those, 55 were girls, most of them under 15 years old.
Perhaps most shockingly, the agency documents an instance of a baby strapped to a girl, possibly to avoid authorities looking for bombers.
UNICEF cites Boko Haram, the dominant radical Islamic terrorist group in the region, as the group primarily, but not solely, responsible for the attacks.
The agency also notes that the bombs are used to target civilian populations, and as a result also creates “suspicion and fear of children who have been released, rescued or escaped from Boko Haram.”
“As a result, many children who have managed to get away from captivity face rejection when they try to reintegrate into their communities, compounding their suffering,” the agency said in a statement.
UNICEF says that it is attempting to help solve the situation by providing psychosocial support for children captured by the group and to help foster acceptance of children when they return to their families and communities.
In April, a UNICEF report documented that the use of child human bombs is a rising problem throughout the region. That report revealed that observers have documented 117 child attacks in the past three years “across Nigeria, Chad, Niger and Cameroon.”
This month, a Boko Haram splinter group kidnapped a Nigerian oil prospecting team, killing at least 37 people.
Boko Haram has killed more than 20,000 people and displaced some 2.7 million since 2009.
Adam Shaw is a Breitbart News politics reporter based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY.
ORANGEBURG, S.C.—Bernie Sanders has eight days to win the hearts of black voters in the Deep South. Before he can do that, he has to prove to them that he exists. “I just heard about him a couple weeks ago,” said church deacon Harry Cheeseboro, 63, on his way to services Sunday morning in the South Carolina city of Orangeburg.
Attendees listen to Sen. Bernie Sanders speak at a breakfast in Sumter, S.C., Monday. The South Carolina primary will be Sanders' first test in the South, where the Democratic primaries are often dominated by the black electorate. ( SAM HODGSON / NYT )
“I didn't know a thing about him until now,” said grocery store manager Terrance Davis, 39, as he sat in a barbershop in Columbia. “I don't know much about Bernie,” said Millicent Middleton, 51, in her airport shuttle in North Charleston. Sanders, a senator from America's second-whitest state, has never before had to build a black following. If he doesn't do it immediately, he likely can't beat Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination. And he sure isn't doing it yet.
Article Continued Below
South Carolina's primary is Saturday. Sanders and Clinton are in a dead heat for its white voters. For many of its black voters, Clinton might as well be running unopposed. Most of them first heard Sanders's name in the past year, some of them in the past week. Even voters who know of his record say they have tuned him out. Their vote was secure the moment Clinton announced. “I try not to listen too much to him,” said Mickey McCray, 54, in Orangeburg. “I think she knows the country, and she's been in there for years. I like everything the woman stands for and she's been fighting for.” In three South Carolina polls released last week, Clinton led Sanders 73 to 19, 63 to 21 and 63 to 23 among African-Americans. While Sanders did better with blacks under the age of 30, there was no sign of the white-millennial Berniemania that gripped Iowa and New Hampshire. Without such a groundswell, a dramatic race might turn fast into a rout. Black voters are half of the primary electorate in South Carolina. On Super Tuesday, March 1, they make up a hefty share of the vote in six southern states. Clinton's smallest lead with blacks in those states: 40 points.
Sanders is scrambling to trim the gap. He is running a stirring ad featuring the daughter of Eric Garner, a black man killed by police. He is stumping with a former NAACP leader. And his campaign has played up his youthful civil rights activism. But black Democratic elites have come out in force for Clinton. Sanders has not deviated much from his core message, which emphasizes income inequality over racial inequality. And it is not clear if there is anything he could say to trump two decades of fondness.
Article Continued Below
“I love Bill Clinton,” said Middleton. “Hillary has the best resume out of everybody. But more than anything else, I love that she's got a great president at her side to be her confidante and her consultant.” South Carolina chose Barack Obama over Clinton in 2008. Its black voters now see Clinton as the candidate who will protect his legacy. Some are put off by Sanders's criticism of the first black president. “I want Hillary to continue with the Obamacare. The way Bernie's talking, he's talking about — not dismantling it, but doing it differently. And I don't agree with that,” said Kimberly Moore, 39, in Columbia. Louis Robinson, sitting across from McCray at breakfast, offered an indication of how Sanders can connect. He likes Clinton, he said, but he is leaning Sanders for his proposal to reform the criminal justice system. Robinson, 39, served two years in prison for a drug-related felony. “I'm a welder by trade,” he said, “and if he could do something, I could get a better job.” It is criminal justice where Clinton might be vulnerable, said Robert Smith, a San Francisco State University political science professor. Bill Clinton signed a harsh 1994 crime bill that caused an explosion in black imprisonment. But Sanders is poorly positioned to exploit the issue. He voted for the bill as a Vermont congressman. “To many of us who have studied Clinton and his record very carefully, the kind of affection that blacks have for him and his wife is not earned,” Smith said. “He governed in a very, very Reagan-like way on issues of concern to blacks. I don't think most black, ordinary voters are aware of that.” He added: “I don't think really very much can be done at this point.”
Read more about:
Anne Hathaway might be in the running for an Oscar for her portrayal of Fantine in "Les Miserables," but the 30-year-old actress is still in disbelief that she even made it in Hollywood.
In the February issue of Harper's Bazaar UK, the Golden Globe-nominated star admits she is sick of playing the "bizarre-world good-girl" and no longer wants to be deemed boring.
"I'm not Rihanna. I'm not cool," Hathaway tells Harper's Bazaar, adding, "When people come up to me in the street, they often want a hug not a photo, and they want that because they like my work."
And what's so wrong with that? Well, Hathaway is still trying to get away from her "Princess Diaries" persona.
"For a long time it was me and [my manager] against the world," the newlywed, who married Adam Shulman in September, continues. "I was seen as this bizarre-world good-girl cartoon that I in no way identified with –- very vanilla, very sweet, very accessible and not interesting ... I had no grit, no sex appeal."
But after donning a skintight bodysuit for her role as Catwoman in "The Dark Knight Rises," it seems Hathaway's fate might be changing -- although she's still concerned she'll be tossed aside by Hollywood's young rising stars.
"It doesn't help that the new crop of girls is so gorgeous, and so 22 years old," Hathaway says of turning 30. "But I'm excited about it."
Israel slammed a looming decision on Jerusalem by the UN's educational and cultural agency, UNESCO, saying it ignores Jewish and Christian ties to the biblical city.
Arab states Algeria, Lebanon and Qatar submitted a resolution this week to UNESCO's World Heritage Committee that excoriates Israel for “the persistence of the illegal excavations and works conducted by the Israeli occupation authorities and the extreme settler groups in the Old City of Jerusalem and on both sides of its walls.”
The resolution accuses Israel of damaging artifacts and Islamic holy sites on the Temple Mount, Islam's Haram al-Sharif, and castigates the Jewish state for building a light rail line that passes near the Old City walls and damages their “visual integrity and the authentic character of the site.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
It refers to the Temple Mount only as a “Muslim holy site,” and to the Western Wall plaza — the holiest site in Judaism accessible to Jewish worshipers, who are not allowed to prayer on the mount itself — only by its Muslim moniker, the “Buraq plaza.”
The resolution retains the Old City on UNESCO's List of World Heritage in Danger, where it has been since the agency acquiesced to a 1982 Jordanian request to categorize the Israeli-controlled site as “endangered.”
A UNESCO official said a resolution was due to be adopted Wednesday at the World Heritage Committee's 39th session in Bonn, Germany.
Foreign Ministry Director General Dore Gold said Tuesday the resolution was “completely one-sided” and “full of distortions and is totally disconnected from reality on the ground.”
He also charged that it “deliberately ignores the historical connection between the Jewish people and their ancient capital,” along with Christianity's ancient ties to Jerusalem.
“The Jewish people restored their majority in Jerusalem in the mid-19th century. Their ancient synagogues were destroyed and desecrated by a coalition of invading armies in 1948, who ethnically cleansed the Old City of any Jewish presence,” Gold said.
Gold accused the UN agency of hypocrisy. “As the historical heritage sites of this area are being systematically destroyed by jihadist forces, such as the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, UNESCO's adoption of utterly false allegations about Israeli archaeological practices is misplaced and hypocritical, at best,” he charged.
The Old City's presence on the endangered list prompted CNN this week to place the Dome of the Rock, the best-known Islamic shrine on the Temple Mount, at the top of a list it headlined, “Last chance to see: 25 magnificent structures on the verge of extinction.”
The article said the holy site headed the list because “no other site has spent more time on UNESCO's List of World Heritage in Danger” than the Old City. The second-longest tenant on UNESCO's “endangered” roster, Peru's Chan Chan Archaeological Zone, on the list since 1986, did not make it into CNN's top 25 rankings.
“A holy city for three different religions, it attracts millions of tourist with over 200 monuments, including the majestic Dome of the Rock. But political tension has hardened relations between Israel and UNESCO, preventing any preservation plans from moving forward,” CNN wrote in its feature.
The CNN list did not cite a specific or immediate threat to the Old City in general or the 6th-century Dome of the Rock in particular.
The list also did not include the ancient UNESCO World Heritage site of Palmyra in Syria, where last Thursday Syria's antiquities director reported that Islamic State fighters had destroyed an irreplaceable 2,000-year-old lion statue, among other acts of destruction.
Israel captured the Old City from Jordan in the 1967 Six Day War. It insists it protects access to the holy sites of all religions, which are protected under Israeli law. Its annexation of the eastern half of the city, including the Old City, is not recognized internationally.
AP and JTA contributed to this report.
A Delhi court ordered lodging of an FIR against Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Kumar Vishwas on a complaint filed by a party volunteer alleging that he molested her.
The court also gave police the liberty to arrest Vishwas if required during the investigation.
Metropolitan Magistrate Pankaj Sharma while pronouncing the order on Wednesday, also said the complaint accuses him of making “sexually coloured” remarks which requires probe.
“The facts of the complaint disclosed commission of cognizable offence. As mentioned in the complaint, accused made sexually coloured remarks and made advances towards the complainant which require police investigation and accordingly concerned SHO is directed to register an FIR on the basis of complaint and investigate the matter,” the magistrate said while allowing the complaint filed by the woman.
The court further said that “the investigation shall be done uninfluenced and arrest be made when required”.
The magistrate asked Delhi Police to file a status report in the case by Thursday.
The court had on February 24 reserved its order on the complaint in which the complainant claimed she had approached the police but no action was taken against the leader.
In its status report filed before the court, Delhi police had said during its probe, nothing was found to substantiate the allegations levelled by the complainant against Vishwas to register any criminal case against him.
The court had on December 21, last year asked the police to file a status report as to whether any FIR has been registered on the complaint.
The woman, in her complaint seeking registration of FIR against Vishwas, alleged that he had molested her in New Delhi.
First Published: Mar 17, 2016 10:00 IST
US Attorney General Sessions praises Guantanamo as a “very fine place”
By Bill Van Auken
11 March 2017
US Attorney General Jeff Sessions Thursday indicated that he will recommend to President Donald Trump that new “enemy combatants” be sent to the infamous detention camp at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba for incarceration and trial by so-called military commissions.
Responding to questions from right-wing radio host Hugh Hewitt, Sessions described Guantanamo as “just a very fine place for holding this kind of dangerous criminals.” He added that the US government had “spent a lot of money fixing it up” and insisted that “a lot of the criticisms have just been totally exaggerated.”
Fifteen years after the first prisoners were brought to the island detention camp after being drugged, hooded and shackled, 41 remain imprisoned there. All but ten of them have never been charged with any crime, much less brought to trial. A number of them have been classified as “forever prisoners,” who the government does not want to be release but cannot try because of the criminal torture to which they were subjected by US interrogators.
Since it was opened in January 2002, the Guantanamo detention center has stood as an international symbol of US imperialist aggression and criminality. Those detained there have provided chilling testimony of a regime of physical and psychological torture, sexual assaults and humiliation meted out by US military and CIA personnel under the orders and supervision of the Bush White House.
Torture continued under the Obama administration with the brutal forced feeding of detainees on hunger strike.
Sessions had declared his support for keeping the Guantanamo detention center in operation during his Senate confirmation hearings in January, while leaving open the possibility that American citizens alleged to be tied to terrorism could be brought before military commissions.
Asked in the Thursday interview whether he would recommend to Trump to send new “enemy combatants” to Guantanamo, Sessions replied: “Yes. Oh, there's plenty of space. We are well equipped for it. It's a perfect place for it. Eventually, this will be decided by the military rather than the Justice Department. But I see no legal problem whatsoever with doing that.”
While a total of 780 prisoners have been held at Guantanamo since the detention camp's opening, the last time that a new prisoner was brought there was in 2008.
Sessions' interviewer pressed him on the failure of the military commissions at Guantanamo to successfully try more than a handful of detainees, asking whether he expected to “accelerate that process” and was in favor of “expediting” it.
The attorney general responded in the affirmative, declaring, “We've got to get the military on board” in order “to get this thing figured out and start using it in an effective way.” He reiterated his belief that those deemed “enemy combatants” should be tried by the military at Guantanamo rather than “bringing these people to federal court in New York and trying them in federal court where they get discovery rights to find out our intelligence and get court-appointed lawyers and things of that nature.”
The drumhead tribunals at Guantanamo violate virtually every right a genuine court affords to a defendant under the US Constitution, allowing the introduction of evidence extracted through torture as well as secret evidence concealed from the accused. Defense attorneys are placed under what amounts to military discipline, while the juries deciding the fate of the accused are composed of military officers, who need only a two-thirds majority to convict.
These kangaroo courts were codified into law under President Barack Obama, who vowed on his first full day in office to close down Guantanamo, but over the course of eight years in the White House signed one Pentagon funding bill after another that mandated that the detention camp remain open.
Now this barbaric legacy has been handed by the Obama administration to Trump, whose attorney general wants to “streamline” and “expedite” a wholly illegitimate and makeshift system of “military justice.”
A draft of an executive order circulated within the administration last month calls for the US to “continue detention operations at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay" for "enemy combatants" captured in “armed conflict with Al Qaeda, the Taliban and associated forces, including individuals and networks associated with the Islamic State.”
With the Trump administration steadily escalating US military interventions in Iraq and Syria, and the Pentagon calling for stepped up operations in Afghanistan, the number of prisoners sent to the concentration camp in Cuba could grow rapidly.
While justified, along with mass domestic spying, the crackdown against immigrants, drone-missile assassinations and military aggression abroad, in the name of an unending “war on terror,” the defense of Guantanamo and military tribunals is also directed at preparing domestic repression.
During his election campaign, Trump crudely vowed that he would keep Guantanamo open and “load it up with some bad dudes.” He added that he would have “no problem” with sending American citizens to Guantanamo and trying them before military commissions.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer was asked at a press conference last month whether Trump intended to send US citizens to Guantanamo. Spicer replied: “He believes Guantanamo Bay does serve a very healthy purpose in our national security in making sure we don't bring terrorists to our seas, but I'm not gonna get into what we may or may not do in the future.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
President-elect Donald Trump may turn out to be a terrible president, or a good one.
Or it could all end up as some horrid TV show, like that 1980s soap "Dynasty," but with The Donald and the trophy wife and the beautiful kids and intrigue and money and power.
We just don't know, yet.
But until we realize how we got here, until we examine the prejudice and foolish thinking by the elites who led us here, we won't know where we're going, not really.
What we do know is that Trump won state after state, bringing with him Republican control in both the House and the Senate, and he is now poised to put a conservative stamp on the Supreme Court.
But how did it happen, really? How did Hillary Clinton, with all her money and institutional support, from the Obama White House to a pro-Clinton American media, let it come to this?
I wrote about it eight months ago, explaining why Hillary Clinton could not win the presidential election: This is the year of anti-establishment insurgency, and Hillary Clinton was the dowager empress of that establishment.
So she could not win. And she did not. There is no mystery to it.
And journalists could have seen the anger out there, if they would have just listened to people talk instead of worrying about polling models like some medieval alchemists trying to turn Americans into Hillary's gold.
So what has happened?
The Democratic Party has been disgraced by its failure. The Democratic National Committee stacked the deck against Bernie Sanders and for Hillary. They were found out by WikiLeaks. Now they own this.
And the collusion between the Clinton camp and the media has been laid out in WikiLeaks too.
Journalism hurt itself in this election. In the minds of most Americans, journalists took Hillary's side. And there doesn't seem to be any attempt to self-inspect, or complete a post-mortem and cleanse this festering wound.
That's dangerous. Trump must be held to account. But the journalistic pack hunting Trump, without dealing with its own credibility issues for putting the thumb on the scale for Hillary, doesn't restore trust.
"Whether it was a herd mentality, an implicit bias on the way they view these things, they never even considered the possibility of a Trump win," said Tom Bevan, co-founder and publisher of Real Clear Politics in an interview on my "The Chicago Way" podcast.
"They would look at the data and say, 'There's no way, it's not going to happen,'" Bevan said. "But it could happen and it did happen."
Clinton, the DNC and the media aren't the only losers.
The most prominent is President Barack Obama. His legacy — such as it is — is about to be erased.
It will be erased by a candidate whose voters were held in complete contempt by the liberal journalism elite, those geniuses who fashion themselves the champions of the little guy.
Unless, of course, the little guy decides to think for himself.
Trump voters, left behind in Obama's limp economy, weren't idealized as working-class heroes as they had been in the past.
Under politics of Obama-Clinton, as expressed by the high priests of journalism, these left-behind were mocked as white racists, knuckle-draggers, fools and "deplorables."
One New York Times pundit was worried they would "vote their gene pool," and I just spotted another headline by a liberal pundit on the Tribune's website:
"Donald Trump won. Let the uneducated have their day."
How nice.
It's no secret that most of American journalism is liberal in its politics. The diversity they prize has nothing to do with diversity of thought.
The leaders in this mean-girl approach to Trump voters are most often white men, as liberally savage in their beliefs as my old lefty college professor insisting that poor mountain villagers yearned for socialism.
"No, they don't," I said, thinking of my cousins back in our family's mountain village. "All villagers want is water for their crops, and to be left alone."
Sadly, I didn't get the A.
But I do get the politics of journalism, like the politics of the universities.
What bothers me, though, is that such tribal thinking, reinforced by threats of shame, has blinded the intelligentsia to the pain of Americans who voted Tuesday.
Willful blindness isn't only stupid, it's dangerous.
Even the son of a villager can see that.
It wasn't the uneducated or the knuckle-draggers or the guys drinking beer in the garage working on their own cars that cost the election for Clinton.
She had Wall Street and K Street lobbyists, and the former Republican Iraq War planner neoconservatives, and the GOP nevertrumpers, the hedge fund guys. She had everything. She had Obama propping her up. And yet she lost.
Why? Because Trump kept saying "Jobs, jobs, jobs," a phrase once used by former Mayor Richard Daley of Chicago during a campaign.
It used to irk me, this chanting of "jobs." But it was simple. And that's what people wanted then and now. They don't want a handout. They wanted to work and to be left alone.
Yet they were shamed by elites and a relentless barrage of news stories, columns, all illustrating how deplorable they had become.
They finally had enough. Not just the unemployed or the underemployed, but even, to the surprise of the Democratic elites, those with educations. And women and minorities in numbers unforeseen.
And they voted.
Listen to "The Chicago Way" podcast — with John Kass and Jeff Carlin.
jskass@chicagotribune.com
twitter@John_Kass
Dario Pegoretti at B1866 this Weekend
The new Brooks B1866 shop in Seven Dials, London is now offering custom bicycles direct in-store from some of the most respected names in the handmade bicycle world. Dario Pegoretti, Ricky Feather, and Darren Crisp are already among those signed up to offer personal fittings directly inside the B1866 premises, meaning customers will not have to travel to the frame-builders' studios, but be measured and fitted right in the heart of London.
B1866 also offers the unique opportunity to design your own Brooks Saddle, selecting the leather and undercarriage to perfectly match your frame or other accessories for a completely custom machine.
B1866 is inviting customers to book their appointment now by contacting the store directly. Dario Pegoretti will be at the B1866 shop on the 31st January and 1st February, bringing along with him his latest creation, a collaboration with the new Brooks Cambium Saddle centered on the Italian espresso brand Goppion.
To book a custom frame fit with Dario, please contact the B1866 shop manager, Stephen Brill on +44 (0)20 7836 9968 or email: sb@brooksengland.com
The address of the shop is: B1866, 36 Earlham Street, Seven Dials, London WC2H 9LH.
To see more of Mr. Pegoretti's work, please visit www.pegoretticicli.com
$ 21.00
The name is a partial misnomer. Though the band hails from Los Angeles, they do not partake in any sort of witchcraft. Yet their ability to conjure a specific time and place through their sound does suggest a kind of magic. On their eponymous debut album, L.A. Witch's reverb-drenched guitar jangle and sultry vocals conjure the analog sound of a collector's prized 45 from some short-lived footnote cult band. The melodies forgo the bubblegum pop for a druggy haze that straddles the line between seedy glory and ominous balladry; the production can't afford Phil Spector's wall-of-sound, but the instruments' simple beauty provides an economic grace that renders studio trickery unnecessary; the lyrics seem more descendent of Johnny Cash's first-person morality tales than the vacuous empty gestures of pre-fab pop bands. This isn't music for the masses; it's music for miscreants, burnouts, down-and-out dreamers, and obsessive historians.
Album opener “Kill My Baby Tonight” is the perfect introduction to the band's marriage of ‘60s girls-in-the-garage charm and David Lynch's surreal exposés of Southern California's underbelly. Sade Sanchez's black velvet vocals disguise the malicious intent of this murder ballad, with the thumping pulse of bassist Irita Pai, the slow-burn build of drummer Ellie English, and Sanchez's desert guitar twang helping beguile the listener into becoming a willing accomplice to the narrator's crimes. “Brian” follows the opening track with a similarly graceful, if not somewhat ominous, slo-mo take on a well-worn jukebox 7”. It's a vibe that permeates the entire album, from the early psychedelic hue of 13th Floor Elevators on tracks like “You Love Nothing,” through the motorik beat and fuzzed-out licks of “Drive Your Car,” to the grittier permutation of Mazzy Star's sleepy beauty on “Baby In Blue Jeans.”
Suicide Squeeze Records is proud to release L.A. Witch on LP and CD. The third pressing of the album is available on 180g black vinyl and contains a download code. CD is housed in a digipak.
AUSTIN, Ind - The HIV outbreak in southern Indiana is worsening. On Tuesday the state's Department of Health reported 135 cases of the virus, 46 more than two weeks ago. The outbreak is being spread by drug-users sharing dirty needles to shoot up drugs, particularly the painkiller Opana.
When CBS News first met 49-year-old Kevin Polly this month, he showed us the needles he used to inject Opana three to five times a day. Polly was able to get clean syringes from a needle exchange set up by the state. But for months he had been sharing contaminated needles with other users and is now diagnosed with HIV.
Indiana tries to curb HIV crisis linked to drug abuse
At the Community Outreach Center where dirty needles can be exchanged for clean ones, no questions asked, officials told us they discovered one needle that had been used 300 times.
"We see people's arms where they have abscesses because they use the same needle so many times," said Brittany Combs, a nurse who works at the needle exchange.
Combs is the first person addicts see when they arrive.
"It has been really difficult to hear their stories," said Combs. "People sit across from you in tears. They say they don't want to live like this anymore."
We went back to Kevin's house on Tuesday, but he was gone. His father Clyde said he'd checked into a rehab facility.
"You could tell he was going downhill," said Clyde.
Clyde Polly, the father of a HIV positive drug addict says he doesn't expect his son to kick the habit CBS News
Clyde says he's not confident his son will kick the habit. He told us Kevin has about $14,000 in a 401(k) retirement plan, which Clyde thinks is "enough to put him away" - that is, enough to pay for a funeral for his son.
While they are proud of how their town has responded, no official we talked to was confident that the spread of HIV infections has been contained. As one official put it, "we have not yet reached the peak."
UH-D student body VP candidate persecuted
The UH-Downtown police department launched a criminal investigation last week into the circulation of fliers that targeted the sexual orientation and HIV-positive status of a potential candidate for student body vice president.
Social work junior Kristopher Sharp, and his planned running mate, applied mathematics junior Isaac Valdez, meet the stipulations for running and are working to complete all the required paperwork but have not yet been approved.
The front of the flier had the words “WANT AIDS?” above a picture of Sharp with a large X on it, and “Don't support the Isaac and Kris homosexual agenda” at the bottom. On the back was medical information from a physician visit, including his HIV status and prescribed medication, along with his home address and telephone number.
Director of Media Relations Claire Caton said the university is seriously addressing the situation and trying to find the person responsible.
“We're taking this incident very seriously,” Caton said. “Of course, any time our students' rights are violated, we take that very seriously.”
When Dean of Students Tommy Thomason called Sharp into his office Tuesday morning, Sharp said he thought he wanted to talk to him about the election — the actual objective was to gather information for campus police to begin an internal criminal investigation.
Sharp said the first thing he wondered about when he found out was how quickly he could change schools.
“I knew my sexuality could possibly be an issue — I didn't really think it would be since it's 2013,” Sharp said. “I was expecting some attacks, maybe some debates, but I never would have thought it would go to the level it went to.”
He was shocked to hear everything was protected under the First Amendment and could not be considered hate speech because proper words, like AIDS and homosexual, were used on the flier.
He said Thomason told him if slang had been used, it could have been considered slander. He said he was basically told there was nothing they could do about it.
The clinic Sharp goes to, Thomas Street Health Center, is a few blocks away from the school, and patients will not be seen without proper documentation — even with an appointment. He doesn't have a car, so he brought a folder of the required medical information with him. As a student senator, he shares a common office space with the other members of the Student Government Association and believes someone got the information from his briefcase when he was away.
While some students have been giving him a hard time, he has not lost the support of his running mate.
“(Isaac's) been a trooper,” Sharp said. “If I was him, and I was straight, I'd probably drop me.”
Sharp sent an email to several news outlets and posted a response on Facebook, making it clear they would not respond to the negativity by engaging in illicit behavior.
“We will instead continue to progress in our campaign to enhance the student experience at the University of Houston-Downtown for all students — no matter their race, nationality, gender, sexual orientation or gender identity and expression.”
The LGBT community rallied in support of him, and when he told friend and social worker January Leo that he wanted to quit, Sharp said she told him if he did that, “the other people win.”
Shap said Leo encouraged him to keep moving forward and helped him find the silver lining in the situation.
“A lot of negative stuff came out of this, but in the end, I think one positive thing is that we're bringing light to the stigma associated with HIV because it's still socially acceptable to ostracize someone who is HIV positive,” Sharp said.
He said he thinks it's important if the LGBT community is trying to change the way people view AIDS/HIV, to be open and show there are people with the virus who are doing normal things and living normal lives.
“It's not as debilitating as it was in the '80s or '90s – I take one pill a day,” he said. “They decided to play off the stigma of AIDS and orchestrate this: ‘You don't want this guy to be your leader because he has AIDS.'”
Sharp is planning to talk to the police about the situation before the end of the week. He anticipates them asking if he wants to pursue charges and said he will say no. He doesn't want anyone to go to jail — just an apology and the rest of his medical information.
“I just want to know why they did it,” Sharp said.
“Truth be told, we can keep that between us, as long as the person comes forward and speaks to me. I've been able to reflect, and I really just want an apology.”
[email protected]
Me pirate matey J. Cutlass sent me a booty fitt'n fer Queens! Me kept a weather eye out as me fellow buccaneer had sent word to do, and lo and behold soon me had not one, but two parcels from me fellow daring maiden o'th sea!
As me tore in'o me first treasure ye knew me matey be true pirate and knew th' life o'a scallywag ain't lived wit'out rum. An' me best mateys can h've a drink too. If tha' wann'a 'nough me own gad'et wallet was en me second parcel. Wan'ed one o'me own fer awhi'e an' me pirate lass sen' me th' one with'n the dead walkin' to keep me o'mind o'the crewmen o' Davey Jones. Th' best booty this pirate wench could ask for!
On'y a true pirate be havin' 'nough treasure to share such booty. Ye be a kind an' generou's lass J. Cutlass. Be proud to call you a matey o'mine an' sail anywhere on th' high seas. Keep the wind a' yer back an' th' salt in ye hair and 'opefully ye be plundering some treasures fer ye'self soon!
It's early in the morning for me as I write this, but that's not why I'm yawning. You can cure morning yawns with coffee, but there's no cure for listening to marketing execs overhype the underwhelming. If you decide to watch the playback of Apple's Special Event, "underwhelming" is all you're going to get.
I'm the business guy, so I won't comment on the Apple Watch, the iPhone 6s, or the new Apple TV. I'm putting fingers to keyboard because Apple had to go and tack on "Pro" to the end of "iPad" and that usually means business. But, for business users, there's really only one takeaway from Sept. 9: Stick with the MacBook Air.
Apple stuffed a lot of hardware bling into the iPad Pro, but all the company has succeeded in doing is building a touch-sensitive MacBook Air that only runs mobile apps and comes in three parts. According to the specs, if you put all three iPad Pro components together (i.e., tablet, keyboard, and stylus), they even weigh the same as a MacBook Air. And since I didn't see a built-in holster for the fantastically overpriced $99 Apple Pencil, you can count on losing that a few times, too.
Tim Cook summed up the iPad with a quote that neatly encapsulates not just the iPad Pro but its inspiration, the Microsoft Surface RT (and the Samsung Galaxy NotePro 12.2, too): "The iPad is the purest expression of our vision of personal computing; a simple multitouch piece of glass that instantly transforms into virtually anything you want it to be."
From a business standpoint, that should end with: "except anything really useful." I keep reading that the iPad Pro was inspired by the Microsoft Surface Pro 3. Now that I've seen it, I know it wasn't. If it was inspired by anything from Microsoft, it was the failed Surface RT—which is weird because Microsoft had that failure beaten into it in a bloody orgy of nasty press, mean user reviews, and sob-worthy sales.
Apple seems to have missed all of that. Instead, it has exactly followed Microsoft's RT disaster recipe: Take the latest mobile hardware bling you can find, stuff it into a big-screen tablet with lots of pixels, run the thing with a mobile-oriented operating system that almost-but-not-quite matches what you can do on a PC, add a breakaway keyboard that gives customers the illusion of a notebook, and sell it with a significantly lower price tag in the hopes of creating a new market.
Oh wait. Apple didn't quite follow that recipe, did it? Surface RTs were selling for under $300 and under $200 near the end. Apple wants over a grand for the high-end iPad Pro, and the keyboard and stylus will run you another $300. So it's, "Please, come buy our device that's too big to deliver on the primary mobile benefits of a tablet but too underpowered to run the full desktop productivity apps you like—and please pay us the same money you'd pay for a full-on ultraportable while you're at it." Only Apple can deliver that kind of pitch while simultaneously telling me they've redefined personal computing.
All through the iPad Pro segment of Apple's Special Event, I was hoping for that killer app that could justify this overpriced behemoth. But all were reminiscent of the old Microsoft Surface RT demos in which the theme was always how you can now do almost anything you can do on a real PC—if you're just willing to waste some of your precious life hours learning to do the same things a little differently.
Well, Microsoft's customers gave it a clear answer to that message: "Why don't we not learn to do things any differently and keep using full-powered apps on an actual laptop?" After all, that's what the Surface Pro 3 really is: a slickly designed, 2-in-1 notebook that runs Windows, not some stunted imitation designed for vague "mobile-only" use cases. That's why it's still alive and selling (though not fantastically), while the Surface RT—and indeed the entire RT ecosystem—has gone bye-bye.
I had a brief moment of hope when Apple actually invited Microsoft to the stage during the iPad Pro segment of its event. I was hoping it would discuss Pro-style (read: business-grade) features that are so important in today's work environments but not at all glitzy, little things like manageability and security. No such luck. Microsoft just showed off the mobile version of Office—and even that was a disappointment: side-by-side apps, notes in the document margins, and "Look, we can recognize hand-drawn shapes!" Then a "thankyouverymuch" and a veritable sprint offstage.
I wanted to hear about more management depth for iOS 9 in device management platforms like Microsoft Intune, or better device-level security like hardware encryption or biometrics. But that's not what "Pro" means in Cupertino. Apparently, "Pro" means the same talk about games, movies, and doodling—just on a bigger screen with a bigger price tag.
This iPad is no more professionally oriented than any of its forebears. In fact, you could argue that it's actually less so since it doesn't even retain the key benefits of mobility. At least the more recent iPads (certainly the mini) are small enough to use one-handed. In many front-line business scenarios, that can be a real benefit, and it's a key reason why the iPad was so unexpectedly successful in the business arena—well, that and logo worship.
But not this 12.9-inch monster. You're not going to be a happy camper trying to one-hand this thing. It weighs too much and it wants a solid surface on which to use its keyboard. Which brings us right back to the MacBook Air. If you've got one, keep using it. You'll have access to the real desktop-style apps you need, without jumping through nerdapalooza app virtualization hoops—and you'll have PC-level management and security thrown in, too.
In the end, when it comes to "revolutionizing business computing," Apple is lacking the same thing for the iPad Pro that Microsoft did for the Surface RT: a killer app. There's no reason to short shrift security and management, break my notebook into three pieces, and learn to communicate with the thing in a different way—just so I can almost do everything I can do right now. What I have right now might be broken in some ways but this kind of device doesn't fix it. I'll keep my ultra-portable, thanks very much—and so should you.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young Tory politician ­hoovers up a line of white powder – believed to be ­deadly mephedrone – during the ­party conference this week.
Before snorting the banned drug, known as meow meow, Will Hanley expertly chops out lines in his hotel room as his official pass dangles in view.
Less than 48 hours later the 23-year-old joined other party members to cheer David ­Cameron's conference speech – which included plans to get addicts off drugs.
Hanley's brazen drug-taking lifts the veil on the sordid side of the Tory conference – and is a devastating blow to the Conservatives' battered reputation as the party of moral values.
He is an active member of Conservative ­Future – the Tory youth wing meant to breed the next generation of their politicians.
The footage was taken on Monday night after a fringe event in a pub hosted by the beer industry.
Hanley headed straight for the bathroom after returning to his £60-a-night room in the Nite Nite hotel, 200 yards from the Cameron's hotel the Hyatt.
Still in his suit, he chopped the powder into thin lines with a card and snorted it through a banknote, boasting: “I've got a massive tolerance.”
In a rambling conversation, chubby Hanley, who wants to work at the House of Commons, talked at length about his drug-taking, and admitted using ecstasy and mephedrone.
In 2007, the shooting fan, from Broughton, Northants, was a Conservative candidate for Wellingborough Council but lost out by 121 votes.
Mephedrone used to be sold legally as plant food but was banned in March after being blamed for up to 52 deaths.
Speaking at home in Kettering yesterday, Hanley's mum Jackie said: “I know William has been dabbling in substances as well as drinking too much.
“I have tried talking to him but if someone is bent on ­destruction then all the ­nagging in the world is not going to make someone stop.”
gary.anderson@sundaymirror.co.uk
She is the youngest person to be called to the bar in 600 years and at just 18, Gabrielle Turnquest has already become used to questions about her age. By 12 she was ahead of her classmates. She started her first degree at the age of 14, graduating two years later on the day she also graduated from high school. "I guess it feels really good to have a law degree," she says, "rather than the age part of it."
Not many people knew how young Turnquest was at the University of Law, where she was studying with her 22-year-old sister. Most of the other students were in their mid-20s, although there were much older people too.
"I think once people figured it out, there was shock," she says, "I think that we had assumed that I was the youngest but there hadn't been any confirmation. Then it was all over with and we got back to studying."
Turnquest is the third of six children. Are they all high achievers? "We try to be," she says with a laugh. Their mother can take much of the credit for their academic success. A lawyer from Nassau in the Bahamas, she moved the family there from Florida when Turnquest was a child. Deciding the school system wasn't challenging enough for her bright kids, she spent several months researching curriculums from around the world, looking at which countries were doing best in which subjects and why.
Then she turned all that into her own educational plan, rented space in her office building, hired teachers and enrolled her children on to a programme she named Excelsior Academy. She even made a school uniform for them.
Turnquest insists there wasn't any pressure to excel. In fact, she says, because she wasn't comparing herself to her peers, she didn't really know what was expected of her. She just soaked up as much information as she could take, regardless of what age range it was aimed at. "My mother never gave us the impression that we were expected to complete everything," she says.
When Turnquest was 12, the family moved back to the US and the children went back to schools. By this time she was far ahead of her classmates.
When she got to high school the following year, she was able to take more advanced courses and she started a degree in psychology when she was 14. Turnquest's university classmates knew she was still a high-school student, though most assumed she was a senior (around 17).
When a mentor suggested she might not be taken seriously as a counsellor at such a young age, Turnquest thought about what to do next. Her sister had applied to study law in London and she thought this would be a good next step. "I guess the same could be said [about her age] for law, but it seemed as though there would be more opportunities to do behind-the-scenes work and the age thing would never come up."
Although she could have stayed in the UK and become a barrister, she now plans to work as a lawyer in the fashion industry – she starts an apparel industry management course in the autumn, while studying for the multistate bar exams.
So, does she ever feel that she has missed out on anything, that she has moved too fast? "I guess I missed out on going to university with the people I knew before, but I've met a great group of people going to university the way I did. I now have this time to figure out what I'm going to do next and I already have a degree, so I have more opportunities open to me. I honestly don't think I've missed out. I don't think there was anything I could have done at 15 or 16 that I can't do now – just with a law degree."
• This article was amended on 13 August 2013. The original version referred to the College of Law. This should have been the University of Law and has now been corrected.
The king of Jordan attended the funeral of Major Rashed Hussein Zyoud, the officer killed during raids against suspected Daesh militants in the northern city of Irbid. (Photo: Royal Hashemite Court Twitter)
King Abdullah II of Jordan attended the funeral of a fallen officer yesterday, and was pictured helping with the burial. Major Rashed Hussein Zyoud was killed during a raid on suspected Daesh militants by security forces in the northern city of Irbid on Tuesday. He was given a military funeral in his hometown in the Zarqa governorate.
Zyoud's funeral was also attended by Prince Feisal, Prince Hassan and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs-of-Staff, General Mashal al-Zaben.
Photos of the king's participation in the funeral were posted on the official Royal Hashemite Court Twitter account.
His Majesty King Abdullah II participates in the burial ceremony of Rashed Al-Zyoud #Jordan pic.twitter.com/Gs1hFsHbqa — RHC (@RHCJO) March 2, 2016
Security forces reportedly killed seven “outlaws” during a raid on a building in downtown Irbid on Tuesday. Four security personnel were injured, along with two civilians caught in the crossfire, according to the Jordanian state news agency, Petra.
The seven killed “outlaws” were allegedly Daesh-affiliated, some wearing suicide belts, according to the General Intelligence Department (GID). They were apparently planning to carry out attacks on both civilian and military targets in the kingdom.
ST. LOUIS – St. Louis Blues President of Hockey Operations and General Manager Doug Armstrong announced today the club has recalled forward Cody Beach from their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Chicago Wolves.
In addition, the Blues have released defenseman Ryan Whitney from his professional tryout.
Beach, 22, has appeared in two preseason games for the Blues this season, serving seven penalty minutes. Last season, the 6-foot-5, 200-pound forward dressed in 34 regular season games with Chicago, posting 11 points (five goals, six assists) and 109 penalty minutes. The Kelowna, BC native also played in seven regular season games for the club's then East Coast Hockey League (ECHL) affiliate, the Kalamazoo Wings, registering three points (two goals, one assists) and 14 penalty minutes.
The Blues will visit Minnesota for their final 2014 preseason game tomorrow night at 7 p.m. at Xcel Energy Center.
To paraphrase a line from Sherlock's Henry V's speech from the last episode, #TheGameIsAfoot.
Advertisement
Tonight, Sherlock co-creators and writers Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss are going to lay down the gauntlet to viewers of the BBC drama, asking fans to solve a mystery faster than the Baker Street detective himself.
And in the spirit of modern adaptation of Holmes, you can take up the #SherlockLive case on Twitter, specifically from the BBC One Twitter page where Gatiss and Moffat will be tweeting in character as Sherlock from 8pm.
We have received a text from someone claiming to be Sherlock Holmes. We won't let this happen. #SherlockLive #NotGonnaHappen pic.twitter.com/lCJGctPAhc — BBC One (@BBCOne) January 10, 2017
Not only will the case, specially written for social media, be at mercy of the collective wisdom of Twitter, but you can also see the case unfolding on the BBC's live Sherlock blog.
And if you get stuck, just remember the helpful words of a certain sleuth: when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Advertisement
Sherlock series 4 episode 2 reviewed
Conservative Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) has declared he will likely oppose the revised Senate healthcare bill expected to be released Thursday despite the efforts of his home-state colleague, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.).
In an op-ed for Breitbart and in a conference call with reporters, Paul said he could not support the legislation because it would spend hundreds of billions of dollars to help low-income Americans buy health insurance.
“Remarkable. If the GOP now supports an insurance stabilization fund to lower insurance prices, maybe they now support a New Car stabilization fund to lower the price of cars. Or maybe the GOP would support an iPhone stabilization fund to lower the price of phones,” he wrote on Breitbart.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The Senate ObamaCare bill does not repeal ObamaCare. I want to repeal that so everyone realizes why I'll vote ‘no' as it stands now,” he added.
Paul delivered the same message in a Wednesday conference call with reporters, arguing the revised legislation is largely the same as the bill GOP leaders unveiled on June 22 and a handful of Republican senators blocked from reaching the floor.
“I can't support it at this point,” Paul said, according to The Washington Post.
Paul noted one of the biggest changes to the bill was the decision to keep in place ObamaCare's taxes on high-income earners, a 3.8 percent surtax on capital gains and dividends and a 0.9 percent Medicare surtax.
Conservative groups have criticized the new version of the legislation for letting two major ObamaCare taxes stand.
The Club for Growth said leaving the tax rate for capital gains in place would be “a step in the wrong direction.”
“This tax, just like any tax increase, is an anathema to conservatives as it suppresses economic growth and opportunity throughout our nation,” the group said in a statement last week.
Samuel L Jackson has revealed he will not appear in the third Captain America film.
The 66-year-old actor has played S.H.I.E.L.D leader Nick Fury in seven Marvel movies as part of his nine-film deal with the studio, but will be missing from Captain America: Civil War.
“I'm not in Captain America 3. I can't figure that out, but I'm not,” he told Collider.
“I guess I'm still out there, trying to figure out what happened to S.H.I.E.L.D. and who these other people are.”
Sam, who is expected to reprise his role in the two-part Avengers: Infinity War, is looking to renew his contract when it expires.
“Of course [I'm interested in returning]! I'm looking for a contract extension right now, yeah. I'm looking to re-up,” he said.
The star, who returned to the part in Avengers: Age Of Ultron, has enjoyed his stint in the Marvel universe, describing it as an “honour”.
“It's an amazing amount of fun. I finally met [comics writer] Mark [Millar], last year, when I was doing Kingsman, 'cause he was on set one day, and I finally got a chance to thank him for making Nick Fury black and changing the whole dynamic,” he said.
“It's really great to be the connective tissue between so many different characters in so many different films, that brings those guys together. It's an amazing honour to be that guy, to be Nick Fury, to be in that particular world, and to be a character that people believe. It's great.”
Sam added: “I'm as grateful for being in that, as I was being in Star Wars with George [Lucas] and to play a character that people remember, like Mace Windu. It's all great.
“It's hard not to be a part of something that you know, if people study film for the next 200 years, they'll be talking about Star Wars and the Avengers series, and all that stuff.”
Captain America: Civil War, which will be directed by Joe and Anthony Russo, is scheduled for a release in April 2016.
AR Rahman is known for giving the world absolutely soul-stirring music. Be it the lyrics or the composition of music, the Mozart of Madras has almost never disappointed his fans. His brilliance has inspired people to take a leaf from his book and often even make re-plugged renditions. When OK Jaanu brought about a new version of his iconic song Humma Humma, while many were apprehensive, in no time people had started to love it!
Advertising
Now, it's a sitar cover of the new version that's increasingly catching everybody's attention on the Internet. Uploaded on YouTube, this rendition on the Indian classical musical instrument has left many in awe.
ALSO READ | WATCH: This duo's amazing ‘Humma Humma' dance cover will leave you glued to the screen
Watch the video here.
In case this rendition has sent you down the memory lane, here is the original Humma Humma song from the movie Bombay.
Here are other popular song covers you wouldn't want to miss!
Watch: This Indian classical fusion dance version of OK Jaanu's ‘Humma Humma' is just awesome
WATCH: This Indian classical choreography of Ed Sheeran's ‘Shape of you' is a sight to behold
Advertising
WATCH: Internet's going crazy over video of two girls dancing to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You
Hello, suckers.
Yeah, you. All of you. All of you people who've been buying what the radicalized Republican party has been selling you since Reagan rode out of Trickledown Gulch back in 1980. All of you who easily gobbled up the fictions about welfare queens, and "crazy checks," and big black bucks buying T-Bone steaks, and, most recently, of immigrants come to steal your jobs and cut your throats in the night. All of you who worried so profoundly about your neighbors who were black, or Hispanic, or Muslim that you handed the government to the people who have been picking your pocket and selling off your birthright for going on four decades.
And, especially, all of you morons who bought what the inevitable product of 30 years of fear-driven democratic malpractice was selling across the country in 2016: that he had a plan that would lower costs, cover everybody, and not touch Social Security, Medicaid, or Medicare.
Today is not the day for you to ask for my understanding as to how you're going to afford Grandma's chemo now that she's busted the lifetime cap on her insurance. Today is not the day for you to ask for my sympathy for Grandpa who's going to get his ass hoisted out of his rest home and dropped onto the couch in your basement family room because his Medicaid ran out. Today is not the day for you to moan into TV cameras about how Cousin Clyde with the opioid problem has to go back to sticking up tourists for his fix because the little hospital up by the mountain closed.
Not today. Not this particular Thursday. Maybe by Monday.
The Senate unveiled its big secret tax-cut plan on Thursday morning. It also contains some elements dealing with healthcare that will make the lives of millions of sick and elderly Americans immeasurably worse, but, since it's actually a tax-cut bill, and it actually does cut taxes for the wealthiest among us, then I guess you can say the strategy was a success. And they say the Republicans can't govern. Hah.
Getty Images
Of course, it's as bad as we all thought it would be. It virtually zeroes out Medicaid down the line – letting it "die on the vine," just the way Newt Gingrich recommended 20 years ago. It forces low-income people to pay more for policies once called "street-surance" back in the day. (John Grisham should sue these guys.They stole the entire plot from The Rainmaker.) There's a lot of "handing back to the states," which can be translated as "Give Sam Brownback more money to hand out to his donors." The bill is such a transparent sham that one of its provisions, the repeal of the tax on investment income for wealthy individuals and families, was made retroactive to the end of last year. There is no reason on god's earth to make this retroactive unless your main purpose is to shove more of the nation's wealth upwards. Which is what this bill is primarily designed to do.
Let me put it in measurements that are particularly of interest to me. By 2050, it is estimated that there will be 16 million people in the United States with Alzheimer's Disease. Right now, in 2017 dollars, the estimated costs of treating and caring for AD patients is $236 billion dollars. Of that, $154 billion is picked up by Medicare and Medicaid. Tell me now how that gap is made up by a plan that virtually eliminates Medicaid entirely by the time we get to 2025. Churches? Families? Winning the Lotto?
A cure?
Fat chance.
So, yeah, suckers. This is what you voted for. In fact, this is what you've been voting for, over and over again, ever since the Death Valley Days of jellybeans and missiles to the mullahs. This bill is the pot of gold at the end of Paul Ryan's personal rainbow. This bill is everything that every young conservative brought up in the luxurious terrariums of wingnut welfare is taught to revere from the first day of his political gestation, right down to its playing-to-the-cheap-seats whack at Planned Parenthood.
This bill is the pot of gold at the end of Paul Ryan's personal rainbow.
So far, four GOP senators have said they cannot vote for the bill. They are Ron (Shreds of Freedom) Johnson of Wisconsin, Aqua Buddha from Kentucky, Mike Lee, the konztitooshunal skolar from Utah, and Tailgunner Ted Cruz. They can't support it (at the moment) because it isn't repeal-ish enough for them. (Translation: The bill still coddles the poor and infirm beyond the limits God intended when He wrote the Constitution.) Now, as the redoubtable Digby often points out, if they were to torpedo this plague ship, it wouldn't be the first time the wingiest members of the tribe saved the day. But my money stays on the notion that they will find enough crazy ideas in the House during reconciliation to satisfy the likes of these four. As for the vaunted Republican "moderates," I have no faith in them whatsoever. I think Rob Portman of Ohio and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia will get bought off by an increase in the bill's stingy provisions regarding the opioid epidemic. Some version of this creature will stalk its way into law.
I'm sorry, but I can't let the suckers off the hook on this particular Thursday, not when I know in my bones that, in a year or so, there are going to be more expeditions into The Real America in which we hear sad tales about the closing of rural hospitals, and medical bankruptcies, and children who died because the insurance company denied them a life-saving treatment. There will be all kinds of reasons postulated for this terrible state of affairs. "Culture" probably will be one of them, and it will be the stupidest one of all.
What will not be mentioned is that many of these people brought their tragedies on themselves, that voting has consequences, and that using a presidential election to hock a collective loogie at "The Establishment" and at Those People is a particularly dumbass way to participate in democracy.
Respond to this post on the Esquire Politics Facebook page.
Paramount's plan for what amounts to a Hasbro "cinematic universe" is taking shape. But do audiences even want what every studio in town assumes they want?
There is one piece of great news to be offered. The would-be team being assembled is a lot more diverse than you'd expect for this kind of thing. The plan, detailed by The Hollywood Reporter, is being spearheaded by Michael Chabon (The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay), Brian K. Vaughn (Y: The Last Man), and Nicole Perlman (co-screenwriter of Guardians of the Galaxy and Captain Marvel).
Also onboard is Lindsey Breer (now adapting Kingkiller Chronicle for Lionsgate), Cheo Corker (Luke Cage showrunner), and Spider-Man: Homecoming writers John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein. The team also includes Jeff Pinker (who wrote The Dark Tower for Sony), Nicole Riegel (who wrote the unproduced script Dogfight), and Geneva Robertson (one of the writers of the new Tomb Raider movie).
Allspark Pictures will produce the films. It will be overseen by Akiva Goldsman who will serve as an executive producer. And as you can see, that's a not of "not a white male" talent mixed in. So that's arguably enough to make me root for this one more than, for example, the Transformers universe.
But what is worth asking, even with optimism that a film franchise built out of G.I. Joe, Micronauts, Visionaries, M.A.S.K., and ROM can work, is whether audiences want theatrical cinematic universes in the first place. It's been four years since The Avengers surpassed all expectations for franchises or properties that could be molded into a would-be cinematic universe akin to what Marvel has done. But all of this work, with gazillions of dollars at stake, is based on the yet unproven theory that audiences want this kind of thing as a prime staple of their cinematic diet.
Warner Bros./Time Warner Inc. didn't just try the same trick with their DC Comics properties. They have also embarked on what will allegedly be an interconnected universe from the Hanna-Barbara cartoons started by a new Scooby Doo movie and possibly including the likes of Yogi Bear, The Jetsons, The Smurfs, Top Cat, Jonny Quest, Wacky Races, and Sealab 2020. Universal/Comcast Corp. has a "Universal Classic Monsters" universe starting up next year with Tom Cruise's The Mummy, Johnny Depp's The Invisible Man, and whatever else comes to pass among many rumored projects.
Paramount has designs to turn their "one sequel every few years" Transformers franchise into a series of connected films, with a Bumblebee movie to follow Transformers 5 in the summer of 2018. Sony is combining their Men in Black and 21 Jump Street franchises into a single MIB 23 release while still threatening to make a Venom movie and still potentially using Paul Feig's Ghostbusters as a jumping off point for a whole series of Ghostbusters movies featuring different teams.
Some of this may come to pass. Some may die in development. But the odd thing is that all of Hollywood is barrelling toward a "cinematic universe" cliff without having any concrete proof that audiences want this. It sounds great at shareholder meetings and in press releases, but it's an unproven formula beyond its single and possibly singular success story.
All of this, every would-be interconnected world is based on the success of Marvel and their MCU. More specifically, it was based on the $1.5 billion success of The Avengers four years ago. Before that, every studio claimed that they wanted the next Dark Knight or a Batman Begins. They wanted a somewhat action-centric origin story for said characters in their studio treasure box which would get audiences excited about said character and thus said franchise.
But here we are in 2016, with around half-a-dozen very expensive would-be expanded universes being created, and we have the next-to-no idea if audiences will embrace this notion any more than we did before the opening weekend of The Avengers. It's a classic case of reading the specific success of a particular movie and presuming that it amounts to a readily duplicated template.
Just because audiences embraced a more grounded and real-world Batman story doesn't mean they wanted a darker and more grounded Robin Hood origin story. And just because moviegoers flocked to The Avengers doesn't mean that audiences are dying to see the big-screen characters from different franchises meeting up as a matter of course. We have no idea if audiences want cinematic universes because we have only seen one successful iteration which broke out under particular circumstances.
We have no idea how the Universal monster movies will be received, nor can we presume if a Transformers universe will strengthen or weaken the brand. We don't have a clue if a Venom movie is a good idea or if teaming up G.I. Joe with M.A.S.K. is the key to rejuvenating the G.I. Joe franchise. We don't even know if Warner Bros. was successful in their DCEU franchise beyond "Hey, we've got another Batman movie!" Hollywood may end up spending much of the 2010's chasing a concept in which audiences have no real interest.
Yes, there may be some good films and some big hits to come from these pursuits. But what's fascinating is that Hollywood has gone all in, at the potential expense of already successful/promising stand-alone franchises because one very particular franchise was hugely successful.
As I always say, you make more money from Harry Potter than by ripping off Harry Potter. And just because Marvel (with help from Paramount's dynamite marketing for the pre-Avengers run) hit paydirt by combining their characters into a singular universe doesn't mean every other cinematic universe will have the same appeal. That presumes that the very idea of a cinematic universe has any intrinsic appeal at all. And right now, that's purely hypothetical.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour is warning of a "lost generation" in the police after a huge increase in the number of officers nearing retirement.
Recruitment freezes and brutal cuts have been blamed for figures showing 48% of officers are now over the age of 40 - up from just 39% ten years ago.
Meanwhile the proportion aged under 26 dropped from 8% of all PCs in 2007 to just 5% last year.
Reforms by the Tory government in 2015 raised the normal pension age from 55 to 60 for police officers.
But those who'd already hit 50 by March this year has their retirement age protected at 55 - meaning most of that group will be out by 2022.
Labour believes the ageing force is "storing up a time-bomb" as bosses are faced with recruiting a glut of new officers when existing ones end their service.
Shadow Policing Minister Louise Haigh, who at 30 is one of the youngest MPs in Parliament, said: "These figures reveal that the legacy of the brutal police cuts will be with us for many years to come.
“The fall in the number of younger officers is storing up a demographic time-bomb in police forces across the country.
“It's vital that police forces balance experience and fresh talent, but a lost generation of younger officers risks leaving older officers under more strain than ever before.”
Police officers have been hit by the 1% cap on public sector pay since the Tories took power, and several forces had freezes on recruitment for several years.
The figures, compiled for Labour by the House of Commons Library, show the proportion of officers under 26 reached a low of just 3% at the height of recruitment freezes in 2014.
(Image: PA)
The proportion of officers under 26 has since recovered to 5% - but this is still well below what it was in 2007.
And overall the proportion of cops under 40 has fallen steadily every year, from 61% in 2007 to 52% in 2017.
On top of this, there are also 20,000 fewer police officers overall than when the Tories took power in 2010.
Just 1% of officers were over the age of 55 last year.
A Home Office spokesman said: "Officers do a vital job and policing remains an attractive and well-paid career with application rates for police officer jobs far higher than the number of jobs available.
"Police workforces are now more diverse than ever and that includes having an essential mix of experience and new recruits."
Meanwhile new figures today showed the number of armed police in England and Wales have jumped by more than 600 in the last year.
(Image: PA)
There were 6,278 armed officers in March 2017, reversing a steady fall since the Tories took power - but still down 10% since 2010.
And although numbers rose overall, 13 forces still lost armed officers between 2016 and 2017.
Avon and Somerset, Cleveland, West Mercia, Gloucestershire, Merseyside and Wiltshire all lost more than 10% of their armed officers year-on-year.
Ms Haigh said: "Given the unprecedented nature of the terrorist threat it is incomprehensible that last year alone we saw forces nationwide still losing armed officers.”
All the MMA News • Plus Intelligent, Brilliant, Addictive Points of View!
Independently Covering MMA Since 1993 • No Big Corporate Bosses UFC
UFC NEWS: Dana White says Anderson Silva vs. Georges St. Pierre likely for 2011
Jan 22, 2011 - 11:15:21 AM UFC NEWS: Dana White says Anderson Silva vs. Georges St. Pierre likely for 2011 DISCUSS ALL THIS IN OUR NEW MMATORCH FORUM ...OH, ONE MORE THING - PLEASE BOOKMARK US & VISIT DAILY!
By: Jamie Penick, MMATorch Editor-in-Chief
The super-fight between UFC Welterweight Champion Georges St. Pierre and UFC Middleweight Champion Anderson Silva may finally come to fruition in 2011, according to UFC President Dana White himself.
In a Q&A with troops at Fort Hood on Friday ahead of Saturday's UFC Fight for the Troops 2 event, White revealed that fight is now only contingent on the two champions making one more successful title defense in their respective divisions.
"[If Anderson Silva] wins that fight on the 5th, then Georges St. Pierre needs to beat Jake Shields in Toronto," White said, responding to a question from one of the Troops. "If that happens then we're probably going to do that fight. So if they both win then that fight makes all the sense in the world."
And that could mean the end of GSP's reign of the welterweight division, as White echoed statements made by the Champion in the past about a move up to the middleweight division.
Said White, "Georges St.Pierre said he would move [up] to 185 lbs. and stay there, and not go back to [welterweight]."
It still depends on both fighters defending their belts, but it appears the UFC is as close as they've ever been in terms of willingness to put that fight on. Should both fighters defend their titles in February and April, respectively, that fight could come before the end of 2011.
Penick's Analysis: This would be an incredible headlining fight for UFC Rio in August, but I think it's going to take a little longer to come together after St. Pierre's bout with Jake Shields. He has said he wants to put on the mass to be a more natural fit in the middleweight division, and that's going to likely require longer than four months to prepare for. So it comes down to whether or not Silva will want to sit out of action for seven or eight months, but I think that fight would likely come between late September and early November, depending on how quickly St. Pierre can get up in weight and feel comfortable there. But if he vacates the welterweight belt, it will certainly make things open up in that division. He has cleaned that division out, and will have almost entirely if he defeats Shields, so it would be as good a time as any to make a permanent move if that's what his plan is. The super-fight between UFC Welterweight Champion Georges St. Pierre and UFC Middleweight Champion Anderson Silva may finally come to fruition in 2011, according to UFC President Dana White himself.In a Q&A with troops at Fort Hood on Friday ahead of Saturday's UFC Fight for the Troops 2 event, White revealed that fight is now only contingent on the two champions making one more successful title defense in their respective divisions."[If Anderson Silva] wins that fight on the 5th, then Georges St. Pierre needs to beat Jake Shields in Toronto," White said, responding to a question from one of the Troops. "If that happens then we're probably going to do that fight. So if they both win then that fight makes all the sense in the world."And that could mean the end of GSP's reign of the welterweight division, as White echoed statements made by the Champion in the past about a move up to the middleweight division.Said White, "Georges St.Pierre said he would move [up] to 185 lbs. and stay there, and not go back to [welterweight]."It still depends on both fighters defending their belts, but it appears the UFC is as close as they've ever been in terms of willingness to put that fight on. Should both fighters defend their titles in February and April, respectively, that fight could come before the end of 2011.This would be an incredible headlining fight for UFC Rio in August, but I think it's going to take a little longer to come together after St. Pierre's bout with Jake Shields. He has said he wants to put on the mass to be a more natural fit in the middleweight division, and that's going to likely require longer than four months to prepare for. So it comes down to whether or not Silva will want to sit out of action for seven or eight months, but I think that fight would likely come between late September and early November, depending on how quickly St. Pierre can get up in weight and feel comfortable there. But if he vacates the welterweight belt, it will certainly make things open up in that division. He has cleaned that division out, and will have almost entirely if he defeats Shields, so it would be as good a time as any to make a permanent move if that's what his plan is.
DON'T GO YET... WE SUGGEST THESE MMATORCH ARTICLES, TOO! Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus HERE ARE EVEN MORE ARTICLES THAT MIGHT INTEREST YOU
The "Virginia Broadband Deployment Act" that would have made it far more difficult for municipalities to offer Internet service has been dramatically watered down after running into heavy opposition. Instead of preventing cities and towns from offering broadband, a new version of the bill passed by the Virginia House this week merely imposes new record-keeping requirements.
The original bill favored by cable lobbyists (and called the "Broadband death star bill" by one opponent) would have prohibited municipal broadband deployments except in very limited circumstances. If it had passed, localities wouldn't have been allowed to offer Internet service if an existing network already provided 10Mbps download and 1Mbps upload speeds to 90 percent of potential customers. The bill also would have made it difficult for localities to offer lower rates than private ISPs.
Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, last month promised to veto the bill if it was passed by the state legislature. The proposal also drew opposition from local governments, broadband advocacy groups, and companies such as Google and Netflix. The opposition was successful, as House Republicans replaced the bill with another called the "Virginia Wireless Services Act" and approved it Tuesday by a 72-24 vote. It has now gone to the Senate for consideration.
The Roanoke Valley Broadband Authority, which worried that the original proposal would halt an ongoing network project, declared victory after the vote.
"I affectionately called it the broadband death star bill, and we're glad that the delegate [bill sponsor Kathy Byron, a Republican lawmaker] has listened to us and to our concerns, and to other members of her constituents," Roanoke Valley Broadband Authority CEO Frank Smith said, according to a WDBJ7 report. While the original proposal "was extremely harmful to our efforts to provide municipal broadband," the bill that passed the House "actually restates and reinforces the laws as far as open books and open rates, which we do right now," he said.
The new version of the bill would add a paragraph to the "rates and charges" section of the existing Wireless Services Authorities Act, which gives cities and towns the power to create authorities that provide broadband and other communications services. The new paragraph says, "The authority shall maintain records demonstrating compliance with the requirements of this section concerning the fixing and revision of rates, fees, and charges that shall be made available for inspection and copying by the public pursuant to the Virginia Freedom of Information Act, notwithstanding any exemption in that Act or in this chapter."
“This bill ensures that when taxpayer dollars are used to underwrite municipal broadband systems, citizens have the ability to learn how their investment is being spent,” Byron said of the watered-down legislation, according to The Roanoke Times.
Kirsters Baish| With the masses of refugees making their way from jihadist infested war zones in the Middle East and North Africa to Europe, there have been some strange happenings. Germany has become the final destination for many of these migrants.
Reuters reported that Germany saw an 8.5 percent increase in their migrant population by the year 2016. This left the total number of people within the country with an immigrant background of some kind at around 18.6 million.
It was noted by the Federal Statistics Office that around 1/5 of the population of Germany (roughly 22.5 percent) are either first or second generation immigrants. These people have one or fewer parents of any kind of Germanic heritage.
The bulk of these migrants who ended up in Germany came originally from other European nations and are described to have European heritage. There is, however, a large number of them who have come from the Middle East or Africa within the last few years.
It can be estimated that nearly 2.3 million people in the country have familial links to the Middle East of some kind. This is a 51 percent increase since 2011. Those whose families originated in Africa is around 750,000. This is a 46 percent increase since 2011.
Roughly 1 million of these immigrants from the Middle East and Africa came to Germany in 2015 and 2016 with a huge flood of refugees.
Now, the U.K. Daily Mail has made a startling report, which may or may not be related to the wave of migrants. There has been a large increase in cases of bestiality within Germany over the same time period that the migrants began flooding the country. There are actually reportedly “animal brothels” around the country.
No, you didn't misread that. There has been a large increase in the cases of humans practicing sexual acts on animals. This disgusting trend and as some put it “lifestyle choice” has become prominent in the central European nation of Germany.
Madeleine Martin, a livestock protection and animal welfare officer, has come forward to warn the government that they are in dire need of laws in order to stop the spreading of these “brothels.” Animals are being abused, and beyond that it is simply unnatural.
Martin made an example of a farmer with a flock of sheep who noticed that his animals had become very nervous around humans.
The farmer set up surveillance cameras all over his property to try and see what was going on with his animals. He was horrified to find that men had been coming into his barn at night and sexually abusing his livestock. Martin was extremely disturbed by the farmer's discovery, and explained that this was just one example of the heinous acts that are going on all over the country. She is now demanding that the government take action.
As strange as it is, bestiality USED to be illegal in Germany. The law banning the act was dropped in 1969, so technically it is legal for humans to engage in sexual acts with animals.
In 2016, there was a lot of talk about bringing the law back, but nothing ever came of it. Martin is ready to take action. She knows that changes have to be made soon, and she is demanding that the national Animal Protection Code make these changes.
Hans Michael-Goldman, the chairman of the agricultural committee, explained that changes in the laws could potentially be made in order to forbid humans from using animals “for individual sexual acts and to outlaw people ‘pimping' creatures to others for sexual use.” This would ban animal brothels.
Conservative Tribune reported:
Violation of the newly proposed ban would likely result in a fine equivalent to more than $30,000 for a first offense, increasing thereafter. Of course, proponents of bestiality have vowed to fight any ban with legal challenges of their own, so we will have seen how that plays out in court.
Animals cannot speak for themselves, similar to the way children cannot consent. It's about time that someone stands up for them. We don't allow pedophilia, so why would bestiality be okay?
Sadiq Khan today laid out the the difference between him and Tory Zac Goldsmith, as Labour's London mayoral candidate launched a new ad campaign based around his pledge to freeze transport fares.
Khan has said that he will freeze all Transport for London fares – covering the tube system and buses in the capital – until 2020, while under Goldsmith's plans some Londoners will face paying over £1,000 a month more.
He revealed the new ad campaign, which appears to pastiche the Tories' own efforts, highlighting the policy difference between the two candidates:
Speaking at the launch this morning, Khan said:
“Londoners face a crystal clear choice on fares: a four-year fares freeze if I'm Mayor – so you won't pay a penny more in 2020 than you do today. Or a 17 per cent rise under Zac Goldsmith – costing you up to £1,000 more.
“I know what I would choose.”
This comes as Goldsmith's campaign comes under increasing fire in a race row that has dogged the Tories in the London Mayor contest – with David Cameron now being dragged into it.
The Prime Minister has sent out a letter targeted at Gujarati Hindu and Punjabi Sikh voters in London on behalf of Goldsmith, which has been met with criticisms of racial profiling and seeking to stoke community divisions.
The letter follows criticisms of other senior Tories on similar grounds. Michael Fallon accused Khan of speaking “alongside extremists”, while Goldsmith's own description of Khan as “radical” has been seen by some as racially-motivated.
John Kelly at the White House on Thursday. Win McNamee/Getty Images
The Impeach-O-Meter is a wildly subjective and speculative daily estimate of the likelihood that Donald Trump leaves office before his term ends, whether by being impeached (and convicted) or by resigning under threat of same.
Folks, who do you think said this?
When I was a kid growing up, a lot of things were sacred in our country. Women were sacred and looked upon with great honor. That's obviously not the case anymore as we see from recent cases.
Yeah, it was White House chief of staff John Kelly, who must have missed … I guess the last forty years of his boss's life. This was at a press conference that Kelly held to defend Trump's behavior during his feud with the widow, mother, and (female) congressional representative of a U.S. soldier who recently died in Niger.
What is there to say, really, other than we should all sell our possessions in order to spend the rest of our lives living in caves and muttering at birds?
Fifty-five minutes.
That's all it took, by our math (give or take a minute or two), for the time that elapsed between Fox's Jay Glazer issuing his report on Sunday that the New York Giants suspected the Pittsburgh Steelers of using underinflated footballs in Week 13 and when the NFL responded with a statement intending to douse the story before it ever became one.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
“The officiating game ball procedures were followed and there were no chains of command issues,” the statement read. “All footballs were in compliance and no formal complaint was filed by the Giants with our office.”
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger had little to say about underinflated footballs on Sunday. (AP)
Truly blinding speed. At least by underinflated-football-story standards. Recall how long it took for the NFL to make a statement in regards to the New England Patriots' version of deflate-gate?
Five days. Ample time for the embers to smolder. And at that point, the league announced that it was launching an investigation led by NFL executive Jeff Pash and attorney Ted Wells, he of the eventual “Report” fame whose inconclusive work helped cost the NFL millions of dollars to pillory Tom Brady and help justify the eventual punishment that was dropped on the star QB's head.
Don't hold your breath on Ben Roethlisberger receiving the same caliber witch hunt. The league made its peace with a 32-word statement scrawled out on PR chief Brian McCarthy's iPhone in under an hour. Might as well have written: “Nothing to see here!” and called it a day.
Even Ben scoffed at the report, in his own flippant style.
Story continues
Ben Roethlisberger's response to report #Steelers accused of using deflated balls: "We used nerf balls." — Aditi Kinkhabwala (@AKinkhabwala) December 11, 2016
Doesn't sound like a man who is worried about the posse arriving anytime soon. And why should he? Roethlisberger is smart enough to know that the league is trying to quash this thing before it starts.
Maybe there's nothing to this thing. Perhaps on a cold day, a few balls lost some air. The NFL might not have known that this phenomenon occurred before deflate-gate, but it most certainly does (candidly, anyway) now. Hey, whatever did it find in those random spot checks, anyway?
Point being: The matter here is not the guilt or the innocence of the Steelers. It's the matter of due process.
The NFL's statement makes it clear that, beyond any new or compelling evidence, this story is dead in its eyes. That wasn't the case a little less than two years ago when reports came out about the Indianapolis Colts having similar suspicions about the Patriots. Night turned to day four more times before the league announced its stance on the matter. Go ahead and dream up whatever you want about what the NFL higher-ups were doing during that time. Meanwhile, the Patriots, who were already suspected of being a team that plays fast and loose with the rules, were left to squirm under the white-hot media glare as that story mushroomed by the day without clarity from the NFL.
Even if the facts in the cases were materially different, which they most likely were, the point remains that there will be no further action in the Steelers case now. Even though the Giants — even without submitting a “formal complaint,” as the league pointed out — still had their suspicions. New York head coach Ben McAdoo said as much after Sunday night's victory. And besides, why would a complaint need to be formal? Shouldn't the NFL want to seek the truth with the same vigor it did against Brady and the Patriots?
“All footballs were in compliance” isn't exactly the most evidentiary, revealing statement of all time. So right now, we don't know what went on. But we know that Glazer didn't make the story up and that the NFL's insistence on clarifying the point about a “formal complaint” not being issued feels like a diversionary tactic.
The NFL knows it can't say that the Steelers' balls just deflated because, well, that's what happens in cold weather. In doing so, it would be admitting that its whole premise on Brady's guilt in deflate-gate was a farce. And it knows that the Giants told the league about the footballs; call it an informal awareness if you so choose.
The NFL has two things working in its favor with this story. One is that with the story breaking less than an hour before kickoffs on Sunday, there was a natural, built-in distraction (and the NFL statement that followed brilliantly helped). And two — and perhaps more germane to the days to follow — the fatigue from fans and media alike over the first deflate-gate was enough to kill off any desire for a second such story to dominate the headlines. It would be like suggesting a start of another lockout tomorrow. Few are voting yes for it.
So there might be smoking guns galore or much ado about nothing when it comes to the Steelers and their reportedly squishy balls. But we'll never know because the NFL isn't looking further into it and most of you don't care. The clear losers here are justice, fairness and Wells' bankroll.
More NFL on Yahoo Sports
– – – – – – –
Eric Edholm is a writer for Shutdown Corner on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at edholm@yahoo-inc.com or follow him on Twitter!
— Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders is doubling down on his endorsement of Rep. Keith Ellison for the next Chair of the DNC.
Sanders has started a signature petition on his website, called “Join Bernie Sanders and Support Keith Ellison for DNC Chair.”
On the website, Sanders criticizes the Democratic Party's inaction in taking on Wall Street and the billionaire class, saying the party has to decide which side it's on.
“We must also do everything we can to elect Democrats in Congress in 2018, and to take back the White House in 2020. We need a Democratic National Committee led by a progressive who understands the dire need to listen to working families, not the political establishment or the billionaire class. That is why I support Keith Ellison to be the next Chair of the Democratic National Committee, and why I hope you'll join me in advocating for him to lead the DNC,” Sanders said in a statement on the petition website.
The petition urges people to add their name to the page if they agree with Sanders, saying “we'll deliver your signature to members of the DNC to send a strong message about why Keith should be DNC Chair.”
Image copyright SPL
The sperm of all 18-year-olds should be frozen for use in later life because of the risks attached with being an older father, a UK bioethicist has argued.
Sperm becomes more prone to errors with age, increasing the risk of autism, schizophrenia and other disorders.
Dr Kevin Smith, from Abertay University in Dundee, says sperm-banking on the NHS should "become the norm".
The British Fertility Society said such a move would "provide a very artificial approach to procreation".
It called for a greater focus in the UK on supporting young couples to have work and have children.
Men are having children later - the average age of fatherhood in England and Wales has increased from 31 in the early 1990s to 33 now.
But while it remains possible to have children well into old age, there are consequences.
Making his case in the Journal of Medical Ethics, Dr Smith said even small increases in the risk of disease could have a big effect when scaled up across a whole nation.
Image caption Dr Kevin Smith says sperm banks should "become the norm"
He told the BBC News website: "I think on a society-wide basis, we do need to worry about it - it is a very real and pronounced effect.
"It's time we took seriously the issue of paternal age and its effect on the next generation of children."
His solution is sperm banking for everyone on the NHS so that in older age men can turn to the sperm from their younger selves.
He said there was no fixed age when someone could become an "older dad" but that people in their 40s might want to return the sperm bank freezer.
He said sperm should be banked ideally around the age of 18.
It costs £150-200 per year to keep sperm privately, although an NHS equivalent should be cheaper to run.
Image copyright SPL
Allan Pacey, a professor of andrology at the University of Sheffield, said: "This is one of the most ridiculous suggestions I have heard in a long time."
He said the risks from fathering children later in life were "really quite small".
"We know that the sperm from the majority of men won't freeze very well, which is one of the reasons why sperm donors are in short supply," he added.
"Therefore, men who froze their sperm at 18, and returned to use it later in life, would essentially be asking their wives to undergo one or more IVF procedures in order to start a family."
'False security'
Professor Adam Balen, chairman of the British Fertility Society, disagreed with the need for a universal sperm bank.
He said: "Not only does it provide a very artificial approach to procreation, but also a false sense of security as the technology does not guarantee a baby."
He warned that frozen sperm were less fertile than fresh ones and couples would be likely to have to depend on IVF.
Prof Balen argued: "I don't think we should be advising all women and men to freeze eggs and sperm for an uncertain future, but support young couples to have work and have children - that may require a societal shift in philosophy."
He said other countries, particularly in Scandinavia, were better than the UK at providing childcare and maternity and paternity leave.
Sheena Lewis, the chair of the British Andrology Society, said: "Men should think about their families much earlier in their lives.
"We need to get the message across that it's really a much better idea for men as well as women to have their children in their 20s and 30s."
Electra Jarvis, a 27-year-old urban farming entrepreneur who is part of the Square Roots program in Brooklyn, New York. Mary Wetherill Every year, the US Department of Agriculture devotes millions of dollars to farmers in rural areas.
The government is increasingly starting to offer assistance to urban farms, too.
In 2016, the USDA funded a dozen urban farms, the highest number in history, Val Dolicini, the administrator for the USDA Farm Services Agency, tells Business Insider.
In 2017, he expects the USDA to funnel even more money toward farms on rooftops, in greenhouses, and in warehouses.
USDA Microloans, a program that offers funding up to $50,000, is specifically geared toward urban farmers. Established in 2013, the program has awarded 23,000 loans worth $518 million to farms in California, Connecticut, and Massachusetts. Though it is open to all farmers, urban farmers often apply for it because it offers the money on a smaller scale than other programs. Seventy percent (or about 16,100 of those loans) have gone to new farmers, many of them in cities.
"Urban farmers are not looking to form 10,000 acres in Missouri, but perhaps in an indoor container on a parking lot next to old factory," Dolcini says.
In 2016, nine young farmers participating in a vertical farming accelerator program called Square Roots, founded by entrepreneurs Kimbal Musk (Elon's brother) and Tobias Peggs, became the first urban farmers to receive microloans in New York.
Farmers selected for Square Roots grow their crops inside climate-controlled, LED-lit shipping containers. The Square Roots farmers used their loans to cover the costs of seeds and operating expenses before their first harvests, Peggs says.
Entrepreneur Tobias Peggs outside Square Roots, a vertical farming startup accelerator in Brooklyn, New York. Sarah Jacobs Peggs and Musk worked with the USDA to streamline the 2016 microloan application, which will make it even easier for urban farmers to gain funding in the future.
Dolcini says the agency wants to take advantage of people's experiences in other fields, or those who might be making an industry change (One of the Square Roots farmers used to be an accountant, and others are recent university graduates). The program also now allows grantees to use the loan for non-traditional farm equipment (think LEDs instead of tractors), which is beneficial for urban farmers.
Earlier in 2016, the USDA also published an "Urban Agriculture Toolkit," which includes advice about how to launch a greenhouse or rooftop farm, and how to apply for loans.
"The funding process made it impossible, or certainly extremely difficult, to complete if you were an urban farmer," Peggs says. "'Question 1: how big is your field?' is hard to answer if you don't have one."
The majority of USDA grants and loans still go to rural farms, but the agency is making an active effort to give urban farmers equal opportunities. Dolcini says these efforts were highlighted under the Obama administration, with the launch of the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food campaign in 2009. It's easier to meet your farmer, he adds, when they grow in your own city.
"We've done a lot of work in the Obama administration to open doors wider to urban farmers," Dolcini says. "The Square Roots farmers represent the tip of the iceberg into our foray into regional foods and giving folks greater access to the USDA who previously haven't had access."
Though Dolcini is leaving his position in January, he is optimistic that the USDA will still support urban farming under the Trump administration.
"We have demonstrated to the nation that our investments in microloans and conservation grants have really paid off, and we have made business case for them," he says. "It will be hard to un-do the success we've had."
Agriculture was not a significant part of Trump's platform. But his agricultural advisors and potential picks for the Secretary of Agriculture may hint at what his presidency could mean for the future of urban farming. A number have emphasized rural farming in their work. Some also have advocated for industrial farming, a process in which food is produced on a huge scale in rural areas.
The USDA currently has 2,200 offices, the majority of which are located in rural states, like Missouri, Iowa, and Texas. In winter 2016, Dolcini says the USDA hired NYC's first urban agriculture specialist, who will coordinate farm efforts in Brooklyn.
These initiatives underscore a growing movement within the USDA to support local food systems and look beyond rural agriculture.
"The global population is expected to be 9 billion by 2050. We really need to pull every farm into finding solutions for that — not just folks out in the Midwest who grow the lion's share of food but also those in urban agriculture," he says.
Though the modern local agriculture movement sprouted up in the late '90s, it has grown rapidly in cities in recent years. Today, urban farmers are not just growing a few tomatoes on rooftops, they're moving toward commercial production.
In 2016, the world's largest vertical farm, Aerofarms, launched inside a 70,000-square-foot warehouse in Newark, New Jersey. Brooklyn-based urban farming company Gotham Greens opened the world's largest rooftop farm in Chicago in late 2015.
"It seems like there's a new innovation every day in agriculture," Dolcini says.
EMBED >More News Videos Richmond became the first city in the United States to call upon congress to impeach President Trump, citing his business holdings as cause for investigation.
The first 100 days of the Trump administration aren't even over yet and Tuesday the president is already facing calls for impeachment, but it's not from congress--instead, a Bay Area city made a bold move.Richmond City Council says Richmond has become the first city in the country to go on record in support of impeachment hearings for President Trump The council acknowledged how unusual it was to call for the president's impeachment. He's been in office for only a month, but the vote was unanimous."Unfortunately with this president it's oddly appropriate," said Richmond City Councilmember Jael Myrick.Councilmember Gayle McLaughlin spearheaded the resolution, which calls congress to investigate the president's business holdings, something his critics believe are grounds for impeachment. "This is our voice," she said. "This is our country. We have a right to speak up."Even in this progressive city, there was one vocal Trump supporter who was eventually thrown out for swearing at the council."Actually you don't have a voice because the GOP controls Congress and you people are stupid enough to think Congress will impeach Trump," said Richmond resident Mark Wassberg.Supporters of the resolution, however; remain undeterred."A lot of politicians aren't willing to go on the record to do this because it can go against them," said Richmond resident Ellen Faden. "But as grass roots, as Bernie said, we have to start from the grass roots."By passing this resolution, the Richmond City Council is now hoping it'll inspire other cities to do the same.
Movistar's Alex Dowsett has set himself the target of starting next year's Tour de France. The race kicks off in the rider's home nation with three stages in the United Kingdom before a transfer to mainland France, and Dowsett, who won a stage in his maiden Grand Tour effort, believes he can claim a spot in Movistar's nine-man Tour line-up. Related Articles Dowsett set for grand tour debut at Giro d'Italia
Dowsett out of Eneco Tour with dislocated thumbs
Tour of Britain: Wiggins, Cavendish, Quintana and Dowsett lock horns
Video: Dowsett looks ahead to Tour of Britain time trial
Video: Dowsett must earn Tour de France slot at Movistar
Commonwealth Games: Tour de France disappointment spurs on Dowsett
"I have a rough programme and it's with the aim of riding the Tour de France. It will be the typical build up with races like the Dauphine. I've just got to go out there and prove that I'm worthy enough of a place in the team''s Tour squad. That's my one and only goal and then there's the Commonwealth Games off the back of that as well," Dowsett told Cyclingnews from his home in Essex, England.
Movistar put Nairo Quintana in second place in this year's Tour de France, with the pint-sized Colombian claiming the KOM and white jerseys on his way to Paris. The team has yet to confirm its leader for next year's race with Quintana mulling over a Giro bid and Alejandro Valverde an option for captaining the Tour team.
"Obviously the team will be made of up one guy going for the GC result, although we don't know who that is yet, and then climbers, which we have in abundance. Then they'll need riders for the flat and helping them around the bunch. That's where my strengths can come in, so I'll be looking for one of those slots.
"From races like the Tour of Beijing and Tirreno I've shown that I can look after a GC guy pretty well and make sure he's in the right place at the right time in crucial races."
Dowsett realises that his Tour de France slot will not just come down to his efforts in helping others. During the opening months of the season he will be expected to produce results of his own, and the 25-year-old will look to replicate results like his Giro stage win in a number of early season stage races.
"There are going to be races where I can show myself. So there's Tirreno where there's a team time trial and an individual one, but I'm in a good position in the sense that every time the TT bike comes out I'm going for a result and the rest of the time I'm helping the team and doing what I can."
With a Tour de France programme for the first half of the season, Dowsett will step away from the Classics which he rode this year. They were his first serious steps in the one day Spring monuments and he admits that he faced a steep learning curve.
"I've asked to take a back step with the Classics. They were pretty disastrous for me last year, and I wasn't ready for them. I know what I need to do in order to be ready for them but next year isn't the year I want to attack them. I want to put all my focus on the Tour de France and I'd rather go to Flanders and Roubaix and be 100 per cent ready for them."
"It's a horrible experience lining up for a Classic when you know you don't have the form. I knew this year that within an hour of the first race that I could hold 400 watts for an hour but I couldn't hold 500 or 600 watts for two minutes and that's what those races are about. I just wasn't ready and I knew within the first hour of the first race. I lacked that specific training but there was nothing I could do, so it was a case of backs against the wall for every single Classics. I ended up pretty much hating them while I was there but I learnt a hell of a lot and it's something I do want to go back and attack, but the Tour is a bigger target for 2014."
With his first full season on Movistar under his belt Dowsett can reflect back to the start of the year when many looked upon his move from Sky to Spain's WorldTour team as slightly left-field. Despite not knowing Spanish and with other teams in the hunt for his signature, Dowsett took the step of signing for a team that hadn't signed a rider from the UK since Jeremy Hunt in the mid 1990s.
"When Movistar signed me it was always the long term plan to do the Tour. I wanted to do a Grand Tour in my first year and they picked the best one for me with the Giro. I'm super grateful and that obviously went well."
"Some of my closest family were questioning my move," Dowsett admitted to Cyclingnews.
"I knew that it was the right thing to do. Sky wasn't the place for me to be when it came to moving my career on as quickly as I wanted. Basically there was this sentence that I kept hearing 'that I wasn't put in races because I lacked experience.' So for me it was obvious that I had to go somewhere where I could get that experience. I don't begrudge Sky at all. They were going to every Grand Tour to win so they needed the experience to win it, not a new kid who is knocking around but probably won't finish. I just had to go to another team in order to have those opportunities straight away."
(Photo: CNV Sioux Falls, SD Action via Flickr) Demonstrators in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, urge fellow citizens to vote for the November 4 ballot initiative to raise the minimum wage. The demonstration took place on Saturday, September 27.
The voting turnout in this year's congressional and gubernatorial elections was the lowest since 1942. Much of the story was in young people, poor people, black and Hispanic citizens, who tend to support Democrats, voting in far lower numbers than in 2008 or 2012. The Democrats just weren't offering them very much.
But the other part of the Election Day story was older voters and the white working class, especially men, deserting the Democrats in droves—again, because Democrats didn't seem to be offering much. Republicans, at least, were promising lower taxes.
Turnout on average dropped from 2012 by a staggering 42 percent. But as Sam Wang reported in a post-election piece for The American Prospect, the drop-off was evidently worse for Democrats.
The two parts of this story seem to create an impossible conundrum for Democrats: Do more for minorities and the poor, and you presumably risk driving social conservatives even further into the arms of Republicans. But ignore the needs of those who need more government activism—and the Democratic base fails to turn out.
You could see the administration wrestling with this dilemma in the way it handled the question of deportations. It was an open secret that the White House had an executive order ready to go, one that would spare as many as 5 million undocumented immigrants with good records from being shipped out, and allowing them to work legally in the U.S.
But the tacticians of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee begged the White House to hold off until after the election, for fear of costing Democratic candidates their elections in tricky places like Colorado and Iowa. So the White House delayed, infuriating its Hispanic supporters. But Democrats blew their races in those states anyway. Now—when it makes no difference electorally—Obama is poised to issue the order.
The question of how to treat undocumented workers is tougher than other issues that divide working class whites from African Americans, Hispanics, the young and the poor. For there is one huge issue that potentially unites these diverse groups. (Hint: It's the economy, stupid.)
Obama failed to rally much enthusiasm from either camp because his proposals were so feeble, and because the administration continues to coddle the big banks, suggesting whose side Obama is really on.
Why not just embrace the $15.00 minimum wage? Minimum wage hikes by referendum were passed in red states as well as blue ones, on an Election Day not noted for progressive sentiments.
Minimum wage increases were approved in Alaska, Arkansas, Nebraska and South Dakota—not states with large minority populations. Guess who turned out to support these? The white working class! Why wasn't our president leading this parade?
The Republicans are dead-set against even a minimum wage increase to the $10.10 that the president has supported. So there's not much to lose. Why not demonstrate that you really care about working people—white, black, Hispanic, not to mention young people working for dismal wages—and dare the Republicans to oppose you?
Or how about embracing serious public investments on infrastructure to create good blue-collar jobs? Republicans, of course, will oppose these outlays. But that's the whole point. Make it clear who is on which side.
Obama does use his bully pulpit occasionally. But his choice of issues is sometimes odd.
The other day, the president chose to speak out in favor of net neutrality, deliberately contradicting his own Federal Communications Commission chairman, Tom Wheeler, a former lobbyist for the cable and telecom industry, who is pushing a plan to allow the big guys to charge more for access internet fast lanes. (Who appointed this guy anyway?)
Net neutrality is popular with the public (to the extent that the public cares). I'm all in favor of Obama's position, but it's a fairly arcane and geeky topic compared to the subject of paying families a living wage.
If Obama is going to criticize his own appointees, how about speaking out against the Treasury Department and the Justice Department for coddling banksters? Or the Office of Management and Budget wonks for putting deficit cuts ahead of economic recovery?
How about embracing the movement to end the debt-for-diploma system of higher education? That might get more young people to turn out, and might dampen the appeal to millennial voters of faux-libertarians like Rand Paul.
There was a time when the black and white working class, the old and the young, could unite behind robust Democratic demands for a fair economy—a time when Democratic presidents played the role of teachers, and made clear which party was on the side of regular people. Until those demands are heard again, white working class voters disgusted with government are likely be swayed by Republicans—and blacks, Hispanics and young people are likely to stay home.
For years, experts have maintained that increases in unemployment and poverty result in rising crime rates. Data released earlier this year from the FBI show a marked decrease in the national violent crime rate, dropping from 431.9 crimes per 100,000 individuals to 403.6. This is the fourth year in a row crime has gone down, even as unemployment and poverty have continued to skyrocket. Experts are stumped.
Read: The Cities Where Violent Crimes Are Soaring
Read: The Cities Where Violent Crimes Are Plummeting
There are some cities, however, where crime rates have increased. Using statistics from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reports database, 24/7 Wall St. identified the 10 metropolitan statistical areas (MSAs) that bucked the national trend and experienced the largest increases in violent crime from 2005 to 2010.
Looking at all of these cities, there are no clear trends for any of the things that experts say cause crime to increase. Some of the areas where crime has risen have high poverty rates, low median income and high unemployment rates. Others are quite wealthy, with high median income and poverty rates half the national average. One of the cities where violent crime is soaring, Bismarck, N.D., had the lowest unemployment rate in the country last year, but violent crime still managed to more than double between 2005 and 2010.
National violent crime rates that improve as the economy worsens suggest that unemployment and poverty are not the main drivers of crime. That the cities with the largest increases in violent crime are so different suggests the same. What accounted for rising incidences of assault, murder and robbery were things like the spread of regional gangs, changes in law enforcement tactics, and funding issues — and usually not just one of these. For these cities, the national trend is irrelevant. The problem must be tackled at the local level.
These are the cities where violent crime is soaring.
Glenmont
Multiple law-enforcement agencies raided Golden Town Buffet Hibachi & Sushi on Monday in connection with an investigation of identity theft related to customers' use of credit and debit cards at the restaurant.
According to a statement from Bethlehem police, "numerous" patrons were victims of identity theft after dining at the 2-month-old Asian buffet. Police said that anyone who paid by credit or debit card at the restaurant between June 15 and Monday should "diligently check their bank statements" and report suspicious activity to their bank and to local law enforcement.
The restaurant did not serve lunch on Monday. Its status is unclear. An employee who answered the phone claimed not to speak English and hung up.
Bethlehem police are being assisted in the investigation by departments from Albany, Colonie and East Greenbush as well as State Police, U.S. Secret Service and the Department of Homeland Security. The investigation is ongoing.
Golden Town Buffet Hibachi & Sushi opened in mid-June at 385 Route 9W in Glenmont after an extensive renovation of the former Casa Mia restaurant.
sbarnes@timesunion.com • 518-454-5489 • @Tablehopping • http://facebook.com/SteveBarnesFoodCritic
Submitted by Mike Krieger via Liberty Blitzkrieg blog,
The think tanks do not disclose the terms of the agreements they have reached with foreign governments. And they have not registered with the United States government as representatives of the donor countries, an omission that appears, in some cases, to be a violation of federal law, according to several legal specialists who examined the agreements at the request of The Times. As a result, policymakers who rely on think tanks are often unaware of the role of foreign governments in funding the research. Several legal experts who reviewed the documents, however, said the tightening relationships between the United States think tanks and their overseas sponsors could violate the Foreign Agents Registration Act, the 1938 federal law that sought to combat a Nazi propaganda campaign in the United States. The law requires groups that are paid by foreign governments with the intention of influencing public policy to register as “foreign agents” with the Justice Department. At least one of the research groups conceded that it may in fact be violating the federal law. – From the New York Times article: Foreign Powers Buy Influence at Think Tanks
Liberty Blitzkrieg readers will be under no illusions when it comes to the role “Think Tanks” play within America's crony, unethical, slimy and entirely compromised political system. Nevertheless, the recent New York Times article exposing how foreign governments, likely illegally, use them to buy influence in Washington D.C., is extremely important and disturbing. Let's examine a few excerpts.
From the New York Times:
WASHINGTON — The agreement signed last year by the Norway Ministry of Foreign Affairs was explicit: For $5 million, Norway's partner in Washington would push top officials at the White House, at the Treasury Department and in Congress to double spending on a United States foreign aid program. But the recipient of the cash was not one of the many Beltway lobbying firms that work every year on behalf of foreign governments. It was the Center for Global Development, a nonprofit research organization, or think tank, one of many such groups in Washington that lawmakers, government officials and the news media have long relied on to provide independent policy analysis and scholarship. The money is increasingly transforming the once-staid think-tank world into a muscular arm of foreign governments' lobbying in Washington. And it has set off troubling questions about intellectual freedom: Some scholars say they have been pressured to reach conclusions friendly to the government financing the research. The think tanks do not disclose the terms of the agreements they have reached with foreign governments. And they have not registered with the United States government as representatives of the donor countries, an omission that appears, in some cases, to be a violation of federal law, according to several legal specialists who examined the agreements at the request of The Times. As a result, policymakers who rely on think tanks are often unaware of the role of foreign governments in funding the research.
And you wonder why U.S. foreign policy is such an epic disaster…
“It is particularly egregious because with a law firm or lobbying firm, you expect them to be an advocate,” Mr. Sandler added. “Think tanks have this patina of academic neutrality and objectivity, and that is being compromised.” The arrangements involve Washington's most influential think tanks, including the Brookings Institution, the Center for Strategic and International Studies, and the Atlantic Council. Each is a major recipient of overseas funds, producing policy papers, hosting forums and organizing private briefings for senior United States government officials that typically align with the foreign governments' agendas. Most of the money comes from countries in Europe, the Middle East and elsewhere in Asia, particularly the oil-producing nations of the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Norway, and takes many forms. The United Arab Emirates, a major supporter of the Center for Strategic and International Studies, quietly provided a donation of more than $1 million to help build the center's gleaming new glass and steel headquarters not far from the White House. Qatar, the small but wealthy Middle East nation, agreed last year to make a $14.8 million, four-year donation to Brookings, which has helped fund a Brookings affiliate in Qatar and a project on United States relations with the Islamic world.
Recall that Qatar was one of the major funders of ISIS in the early days. For more, see:
America's Disastrous Foreign Policy – My Thoughts on Iraq
Some scholars say the donations have led to implicit agreements that the research groups would refrain from criticizing the donor governments. “If a member of Congress is using the Brookings reports, they should be aware — they are not getting the full story,” said Saleem Ali, who served as a visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha Center in Qatar and who said he had been told during his job interview that he could not take positions critical of the Qatari government in papers. “They may not be getting a false story, but they are not getting the full story.”
Oh, they're getting a false story.
In interviews, top executives at the think tanks strongly defended the arrangements, saying the money never compromised the integrity of their organizations' research. Where their scholars' views overlapped with those of donors, they said, was coincidence. “Our currency is our credibility,” said Frederick Kempe, chief executive of the Atlantic Council, a fast-growing research center that focuses mainly on international affairs and has accepted donations from at least 25 countries since 2008.
If that's the case, I'd be loading up on the tenge way before buying Atlantic Council rupee.
In their contracts and internal documents, however, foreign governments are often explicit about what they expect from the research groups they finance. “In Washington, it is difficult for a small country to gain access to powerful politicians, bureaucrats and experts,” states an internal reportcommissioned by the Norwegian Foreign Affairs Ministry assessing its grant making. “Funding powerful think tanks is one way to gain such access, and some think tanks in Washington are openly conveying that they can service only those foreign governments that provide funding.” Several legal experts who reviewed the documents, however, said the tightening relationships between the United States think tanks and their overseas sponsors could violate the Foreign Agents Registration Act, the 1938 federal law that sought to combat a Nazi propaganda campaign in the United States. The law requires groups that are paid by foreign governments with the intention of influencing public policy to register as “foreign agents” with the Justice Department. “I am surprised, quite frankly, at how explicit the relationship is between money paid, papers published and policymakers and politicians influenced,” said Amos Jones, a Washington lawyer who has specialized in the foreign agents act, after reviewing transactions between the Norway government and Brookings, the Center for Global Development and other groups. At least one of the research groups conceded that it may in fact be violating the federal law. “We have to respect their academic and intellectual independence,” Mr. Otaka, the Japanese Embassy spokesman, said in a separate interview. But one Japanese diplomat, who asked not to be named as he was not authorized to discuss the matter, said the country expected favorable treatment in return for donations to think tanks. “If we put actual money in, we want to have a good result for that money — as it is an investment,” he said. But three lawyers who specialize in the law governing Americans' activities on behalf of foreign governments said that the Center for Global Development and Brookings, in particular, appeared to have taken actions that merited registration as foreign agents of Norway. The activities by the Center for Strategic and International Studies and the Atlantic Council, they added, at least raised questions. “The Department of Justice needs to be looking at this,” said Joshua Rosenstein, a lawyer at Sandler Reiff.
But of course, the “Justice” Department will not be looking into anything.
Now how about this gem…
Michele Dunne served for nearly two decades as a specialist in Middle Eastern affairs at the State Department, including stints in Cairo and Jerusalem, and on the White House National Security Council. In 2011, she was a natural choice to become the founding director of the Atlantic Council's Rafik Hariri Center for the Middle East, named after the former prime minister of Lebanon, who was assassinated in 2005. But by the summer of 2013, when Egypt's military forcibly removed the country's democratically elected president, Mohamed Morsi, Ms. Dunne soon realized there were limits to her independence. After she signed a petition and testified before a Senate Foreign Relations Committee urging the United States to suspend military aid to Egypt, calling Mr. Morsi's ouster a “military coup,” Bahaa Hariri called the Atlantic Council to complain, executives with direct knowledge of the events said. Ms. Dunne declined to comment on the matter. But four months after the call, Ms. Dunne left the Atlantic Council. Ms. Dunne was replaced by Francis J. Ricciardone Jr., who served as the United States ambassador to Egypt during the rule of Hosni Mubarak, the longtime Egyptian military and political leader forced out of power at the beginning of the Arab Spring. Mr. Ricciardone, a career foreign service officer, had earlier been criticized by conservatives and human rights activists for being too deferential to the Mubarak government. Scholars at other Washington think tanks, who were granted anonymity to detail confidential internal discussions, described similar experiences that had a chilling effect on their research and ability to make public statements that might offend current or future foreign sponsors. At Brookings, for example, a donor with apparent ties to the Turkish government suspended its support after a scholar there made critical statements about the country, sending a message, one scholar there said. “It is the self-censorship that really affects us over time,” the scholar said. “But the fund-raising environment is very difficult at the moment, and Brookings keeps growing and it has to support itself.” But in 2012, when a revised agreement was signed between Brookings and the Qatari government, the Qatar Ministry of Foreign Affairs itself praised the agreement on its website, announcing that “the center will assume its role in reflecting the bright image of Qatar in the international media, especially the American ones.” Brookings officials also acknowledged that they have regular meetings with Qatari government officials about the center's activities and budget, and that the former Qatar prime minister sits on the center's advisory board. Mr. Ali, who served as one of the first visiting fellows at the Brookings Doha Center after it opened in 2009, said such a policy, though unwritten, was clear. “There was a no-go zone when it came to criticizing the Qatari government,” said Mr. Ali, who is now a professor at the University of Queensland in Australia. “It was unsettling for the academics there. But it was the price we had to pay.”
The price “we the people had to pay is…
The above excerpts are just a small part of the story. I suggest you read the entire article, as it also explains how the mad dash to push the corporate giveaway, Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) agreement, was partly funded by foreign payoffs to think tanks.
Yesterday, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee held confirmation hearings for David Friedman, President Trump's nominee for Ambassador to Israel. Friedman received considerable opposition from liberal Jewish organizations for his comments on the "two-state solution" and organizations like J Street. These organizations started a vicious campaign calling on US Senators to reject his confirmation, claiming that he is unfit for the role.
Enter Senator Marco Rubio.
Rubio opened his first round of questions to Friedman by referring to the confirmation process as "unreal" due to the amount of scrutiny Friedman is facing for prior statements. He then directed his attention to J Street.
Let me begin by saying I find this whole process to be unreal. This sort of ordeal you're being put through to account for all the words, in particular given some of the groups that have been ratcheting all this up. This group J Street, that, for example, a few years ago invited the chief Palestinian negotiator Erekat to address their conference, a person who has justified the murder of Jews as self-defense, as a person as they invited to speak at the conference.
Rubio is absolutely correct. J Street, a Soros-funded anti-Israel group masquerading as the home for "pro-Israel, pro-peace Americans," invited Erekat to their 2015 conference. Not long after attending their conference, Erekat called on the Palestinian Authority to support lone-wolf Palestinian-Arab terrorist attacks against Jews, called for rejecting a future Jewish state, and called for cooperating with genocidal terrorist organizations like Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad.
Rubio continued to target J Street:
This is a group who has routinely attacked people who hold my views, with content that I find to be a smear and a mischaracterization of our views.
This is also correct. J Street's Alan Elsner attacked Rubio during his candidacy for the Republican nomination last year, saying that Rubio could not be taken seriously as a potential Commander-in-Chief for wanting to "casually erode and eventually overthrow almost five decades of US bipartisan policy opposition to Israeli settlements in the West Bank." In the same article, Elsner justified a comparison between Rubio and the BDS movement, claiming that Rubio's policy positions "leave no room for a political stance of supporting Israel while opposing settlement and occupation."
J Street's President Jeremy Ben-Ami once referred to the American Jewish Congress, the Jewish Federations, and the Jewish Community Relations Council as a "multi-headed hydra" that needed to be cut down to make room for J Street's radical, anti-Israel views.
J Street has a long history of anti-Israel polemics. Following the savage murder of two Israeli parents nearly two years ago, J Street wrote a statement insinuating that Jews living in Judea and Samaria were the reason for Palestinian-Arabs murdering them in cold blood. The organization was also an outspoken supporter of the disastrous nuclear deal with Iran, which gave the world's leading sponsor of terror $150 billion dollars as a reward for not continuing their nuclear proliferation for ten years.
"This group J Street, that, for example, a few years ago invited the chief Palestinian negotiator Erekat to address their conference, a person who has justified the murder of Jews as self-defense, as a person as they invited to speak at the conference." Marco Rubio
Watch Rubio's comments here:
Follow Elliott on Twitter.
Since the 2015-9 capital plan, the New York MTA had been including the second phase of Second Avenue Subway in its capital plan, without a clear estimate of its projected cost. The rumors said the cost would be about $5 billion. A new media story finally gives an official cost estimate: $6 billion. The total length of the project, from 96th Street and 2nd Avenue to 125th Street and Lexington, is about 2.7 km. At $2.2 billion per km, this sets a new world record for subway construction costs, breaking that of the first phase of the same line, which only cost $1.7 billion per km. See a compendium of past posts here to look how these projects stack up. For people not interested in combing through multiple old posts of mine, the short version is that outside the Anglosphere, subway tunnels typically cost $100-300 million per km, with outliers in both directions, but even inside the Anglosphere, costs are in the mid-to-high hundreds of million per km.
In some way, the high cost of SAS phase 2 is more frustrating than that of phase 1. This is because 1 km of the 2.7 km of route preexists. SAS construction began in the 1970s, but was halted due to New York's financial crisis. In East Harlem, some actual tunnel segments were dug, roughly between the proposed station locations at 96th, 106th, 116th, and 125th Streets; Wikipedia has a more detailed list. Construction of phase 2 thus involves just the stations, plus a short bored segment under 125th Street to get from Second Avenue to Lexington, for a connection to the 4, 5, and 6 trains.
Not having to build tunnels between the stations is beneficial, not as a cost saver in itself but as a way to reduce station costs. In phase 1, it appears that most costs were associated with the stations themselves; if I remember correctly, the cost breakdown was 25% for each of three new stations, and 25% for the tunnels in between. The reason is that the stations are quite deep, while the tunneling in between is bored, to reduce surface disruption. Deep stations are more expensive because they require more excavation, while tunnel boring costs depend more on soil type and how much infrastructure is in the way than on depth. Counting the extra expense of stations, bored subways cost more per km than cut-and-cover subways, but create less surface disruption away from station sites, which is why this method was chosen for phase 1. In contrast, in phase 2, most construction is stations, which would favor a shallow cut-and-cover solution.
Unfortunately, according to rumors, it appears that the MTA now judges it impossible to use the preexisting tunnels in phase 2. If this is true, then this would explain the higher cost (though it would justify $400 million per km, not $2.2 billion): they'd have to build underneath those tunnels. But if this is true then it suggests severe incompetence in the planning stage, of the kind that should get senior employees fired and consultants blacklisted.
The reason is that Second Avenue Subway was planned as a single line. The Environmental Impact Statement was for the full line, including the proposed construction techniques. The phasing was agreed on by then; there was only enough state money for phase 1. This isn't an unexpected change of plans. I'd understand if in the 2000s it was found that tunnels from the 1970s were not usable; this happened further south, in phase 4, where a preexisting tunnel under Chrystie Street was found to be difficult to use. But in the 2000s the SAS studies signed off on using the tunnels in Harlem, and what seems to be happening is that phase 1, built according to the specifications of the same study, is too deep for using the tunnels.
At $6 billion, this line shouldn't be built. I know that it goes to a low-income, underserved neighborhood, one that I've attacked New York before for taking years to equip with bike lanes (scroll down to my comments here). But the ridership projection is 100,000 per weekday, and $60,000 per weekday rider is too much. Phase 1, providing an underrated east-west connection and serving a denser neighborhood, is projected to get 200,000, for a projection of around $25,000 per weekday rider, which isn't terrible, so it's a justified project even if the costs could be an order of magnitude lower.
Were costs lower, it would be possible to build subways to many more low-income neighborhoods in New York. A 125th Street crosstown line, extending phase 2 of SAS, would provide Harlem with crucial east-west connectivity. Subways under Nostrand and Utica Avenues would serve a mixture of working- and middle-class neighborhoods in Brooklyn. A subway under Northern Boulevard in Queens, connecting to phases 3 and 4 of SAS, would serve one of the poorest parts of Queens. A network of tramways would improve surface transit in the South Bronx. Triboro Line would connect poor areas like the South Bronx and East New York with richer ones like Astoria. New York could achieve a lot, especially for its most vulnerable residents, if it could construct subways affordably.
But in a world in which subways cost $60,000 per weekday rider and $2.2 billion per km, New York cannot extend the subway. If it has money in its budget for investment, it should look into things other than transportation, such as social housing or schools. Or it could not borrow money at all to pay for big projects, and in lieu of the money spent on interest, reduce taxes, or increase ongoing social spending.
Given persistent high costs, I would recommend shelving SAS and future rail extensions in New York, including the Gateway tunnel, until costs can be drastically cut. There's no shortage of worthy priorities for scarce budget in New York, both city and state. Health care in the US is too expensive by a factor of 2, not 10, and transfer payments have near-100% efficiency no matter what; it's possible to exhaust the tax capability of a state or city just on these two items. Perhaps the need to compete with other budget priorities would get the MTA to cut waste.
When it comes down to size, the 11.6-inch ExoPC Slate fits right in between the 12.1-inch JooJoo and the 9.7-inch iPad. And though it's better held in two hands, it's still just as thin and light as Apple's tablet. Overall, we were quite taken with the build quality of the prototype device we saw, and the fact that it manages to make room for two USB ports, an SD card slot and an HDMI out. There's also a VGA webcam along the top bezel. Internally, the tablet packs an 1.6GHz Intel Atom N450 processor, 2GB of RAM and a 32GB SSD. On top of all that, the Slate promises full 1080p playback thanks to its Broadcom Crystal HD chip. While our experience with the HD solution has been flaky at best, we did witness a high-def clip play smoothly on the screen.
But the hardware and specs of the ExoPC aren't what impressed us the most about the tablet. Nope, the capacitive touchscreen and the custom software layer on top of Windows 7 stole the show. While we found the 1366 x 768-resolution screen to be super reflective and ridden with poor viewing angles, it was extremely responsive to light taps, swipes and multitouch gestures within Windows 7 Ultimate and ExoPC's own UI. And the latter is just the sort of thing we have been looking for in a Windows 7 slate. We've taken to calling it the Connect Four interface, but regardless of what ExoPC officially calls it, the Win 7 layer is incredibly unique and simple to navigate with a finger. Each of the circles can be customized to contain a different program or website shortcut and there are added setting controls along the peripheries. The video demo should speak for itself, but after just a few minutes of playing around with the device we had gotten the hang of closing apps by dragging them to the side and getting back to the main menu. Interestingly, the ExoPC guys aren't just relying on regular Windows applications -- they have created polished, touch-friendly e-book, music and photo gallery programs. They're also working with other developers to create an app store. However, those that prefer a standard Windows 7 tablet experience won't be disappointed -- you can easily get back to the OS and they plan to ship it with a stylus for navigating menus / handwriting input.
Here's where we'd love to tell you the wait is over, but unfortunately it isn't. ExoPC has a ways to go in terms of working on the LCD quality and the UI integration, but promises that the tablet should be ready by early September for $599. Of course, we'll believe that when we see it, but at least we're one step closer to knowing that there are some very solid and innovative Windows 7-based tablets out there.
Update: Our bad for not mentioning the promised battery life. According to ExoPC, the two-cell battery should last five hours on a single charge, but a bit longer when playing video using the Broadcom card. We'd say that we're probably looking at more like three hours with WiFi on, but we won't know until we actually get to test it.
Copyright by WAVY - All rights reserved WAVY Tower Cam 10
Copyright by WAVY - All rights reserved WAVY Tower Cam 10
WAVY News Staff - HAMPTON ROADS, Va. (WAVY) -- Groups of people gathered in support of Black Lives Matter for unity protests in cities around the area over the weekend.
Virginia State Police troopers gathered Monday morning at Interstate 264 near the Downtown Tunnel in Portsmouth for another possible Black Lives Matter rally.
The troopers' preparation Monday came less than 12 hours after a protest in the city stopped traffic Sunday night. However, no protesters showed up, and troopers left the area around 9 a.m. Monday.
Copyright by WAVY - All rights reserved Virginia State Police troopers at Interstate 264 near the Downtown Tunnel, where Black Lives Matter Protesters are expected to gather on July 11. Credit: WAVY/LaVoy Harrell.
Copyright by WAVY - All rights reserved Virginia State Police troopers at Interstate 264 near the Downtown Tunnel, where Black Lives Matter Protesters are expected to gather on July 11. Credit: WAVY/LaVoy Harrell.
Sunday's demonstration was one of a handful that took place Southside and on the Peninsula.
Protesters caused all lanes of I-264 at the Downtown Tunnel in Portsmouth and Norfolk to shut down around 9:44 p.m. ERT officials reopened Eastbound lanes at 10:15 p.m. and then Westbound lanes at 10:32 p.m.
No arrests were made as protesters dispersed in a peaceful manner.
The group BlackLivesMatter757 was promoting the protests on social media throughout the weekend.
The gatherings got underway just before 8 p.m. Sunday evening, with protests in Portsmouth, Norfolk, Hampton and Virginia Beach.
In Portsmouth, people met at I.C. Norcom High School to march down High Street. Police were allowing people to march down the street using a moving perimeter. A group of protesters then made their way to I-264.
A tweet from Portsmouth City Councilman Bill Moody over the I-264 closure sparked some controversy Sunday. The tweet caused several people on Twitter to respond.
Moody tweeted an apology early Monday morning.
In Norfolk, groups met at the corner of Granby Street and Bute Street, as well as in front of the Greyhound Bus station. 10 On Your Side learned that people were blocking Granby Street. Norfolk police arrived to the scene to direct traffic from the area of the protest.
https://www.facebook.com/JoeFisherTV/videos/1191204054258314/
Protests in Hampton started at the Kmart in the 200 block of Mercury Boulevard. Mount Trashmore provided the site for protests in Virginia Beach.
10 On Your Side's Jason Marks was in Hampton Sunday night for the protests.
Some of the demonstrators who spoke to 10 On Your Side said they believe protests like this help bring more attention to the issues.
https://www.facebook.com/JasonMarksWAVYTV/videos/1231399873559556/
Police departments throughout the area told 10 On Your Side that they were monitoring the situation.
According to Portsmouth Police Chief Tonya Chapman:
The Portsmouth Police Department is aware of the social media event posted in reference to a call for protesting in several cities across Hampton Roads, including Portsmouth. Chief Chapman and her executive staff are closely monitoring the situation and, as a professional law enforcement agency, are preparing to respond in a professional manner should the need arise. The primary goal of the Portsmouth Police Department is to protect and serve our community, including our citizens who wish to exercise their their First Amendment Right to peacefully assemble. For safety and security reasons, the Portsmouth Police Department will not be releasing our plans in advance to the media. However, we are encouraging the organizers of the event to coordinate with our department, so we can ensure that their event is successful.
Hampton Police Division PIO Sgt. M.J. Bond has released the following statement:
There has been mention via Social Media that an event is planned for a Black Lives Matter Event/Rally to take place this evening, in the area of the 200 block of West Mercury Boulevard. The Hampton Police Division has made plans to step up patrols in the area, if needed, to facilitate those wishing to peacefully exercise their First Amendment Rights; as well as to accommodate motorists traveling in and about the City's roadways.
Chief of Newport News Police Richard Myers has said:
The Newport News Police Department is aware of this and is closely monitoring the situation. Our mission is to protect and serve the community including those wishing to exercise their right to peacefully assemble. We are a professional agency and are prepared to perform our duties in a professional manner. We encourage the organizers of the event to coordinate with us as we plan for the event. For safety and security reasons, we will not be releasing our plans in advance to the media.
Other police departments from around the area have told 10 On Your Side that they are ready to respond to any issues.
Supernatural Location hunting in Vancouver with Alex, Lynn and Kelli.
Our first Location hunt was based in and around the Langley area of BC
Langley is a 2+ hour journey from downtown Vancouver on public transit, so plan ahead.
We were lucky enough to have Alex as our a awesome chauffeur (get-away driver), Lynn as navigation's and occasional traffic light miracle performer, Kelli providing the snacks and me as the gal with the plan! By plan i mean printed locations taken from the wonderful website www.supernaturalocations.com
Our first stop on this tour was a stunning little town called Fort Langley; you literally feel like you have either stepped back in time or wondered onto a film set in this town, It all looks so sweet and old fashioned.
We started at Marina Park, which is located at the end of Church St. Here we were searching for the infamous bro moment fence, from the end of Croatoan / start of Hunted in Season 2, where Dean tells Sam that John told him he may have to kill him!
If you go across the wooden dock and walk about a minute down the path along the river you will soon find the spot, it is where the tall posts finish and the shorter posts start (that makes sense when you get there).
Marina Park End of Church St, Langley, BC V1M, Canada ( 49.170336,-122.574943)
Lynn and Kelli reenacted the bro moment for us, although without sitting on the slightly dilapidated looking fence:
It is a beautiful spot, with lovely views across the river.
From here we wondered onto the Village Square Courtyard where quite a few scenes from ‘Croatoan' and ‘The Song Remains the Same' were filmed.
Village Square Courtyard, 23343 Mavis Ave, Langley, BC V1M ( 49.16944,-122.576493)
‘Croatoan' in S02E09
‘The Song Remains the Same' S05E13
The Telephone is not there any more…nor is the passed out angel.
We continued along the main street in Fort Langley called Glover Road and saw a few more locations from various episodes, they are all very visible as you walk along so I have not set up a map for any of these, just walk along and enjoy spotting them!
The Fort Langley Library (Community Hall), from S07E05 ‘Shut up Dr Phill' located at 9167 Glover Rd:
It looked a lot different without James Masters statue outside!
The Lampliter Gallery Cafe, from S07E16 ‘Out with the old' located on ‪9213 Glover Rd‬
The Cafe is still open, unlike quite a few of the cafe's and restaurants used in Supernatural, so you can go in and have a bite to eat where Sam and Dean pondered the case!
St. Andrew's United Church, 9025 Glover Rd, which is the Church that belonged to Garth's father in law in S09E12; Sharp Teeth.
In the parking lot of the church is where Sam and Dean descided they might as well work together at the end of Sharp Teeth.
Yes even a parking lot can be exciting when you are Supernatural location hunting!
A short wonder out of Fort Langley led us to the old Ferry Ramp where Bobby waited for Rufas is S06E04; ‘Weekend at Bobby's'
Ferry Ramp, End of Glover Road, Langley, (49.179894,-122.56758)
This was the only part of our day that was almost ruined by the rain, we were very lucky as Vancouver is known as Raincouver! so if you are location hunting remember your umbrella!
On the way back from the Ferry Ramp we spotted this sign, which we had to get a picture of! I think you can guess why….
Before leaving Fort Langley we stopped outside the church from S05E17: '99 Problems'
‪St. George's Fort Langley‬, ‪9160 Church‬, ‪Langley, (49.168763,-122.577488)
Unfortunately the cable cuts into the picture no matter where you stand but it is still a lovely little church.
Up next….. The mansion where Castiel became Godstiel, the barn where they sewed Abaddon back together and some purgatory madness!
Advertisements
Currently Looking for Mods
This subreddit, though still incredibly small, has grown much bigger than anticipated! We thank you for that, but as a result, this sub is needing to be set up much faster, both to maintain a professional and good reputation, as well as to make the sub easier and faster to use for the increasing user base.
As such, we are looking for users willing to program (automod and similar things), moderate, and decorate the subreddit.
If you wish to apply, PM /u/milkshaketurtle79
Future Plans:
An achievement/flair system, for example, getting special flair for submitting x-amount of books, getting book of the week, etc.
"Book of the Week". Once there are more people here, we would like to begin doing a book of the week, where the most upvoted book is stickied to the top, and the submitter is given special flair.
Happy reading!
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Read exclusive interview with Stewart Downing on his Boro return HERE.
Stewart Downing has completed his Riverside return six years to the day he left Boro.
The England ace today rubber-stamped the big money switch from West Ham after swiftly going through the formalities.
Now, with the paperwork done, he will fly out Marbella tomorrow morning and join Aitor Karanka's squad in an afternoon training session - and may even feature in Boro's friendly workout on Saturday.
Downing left Boro to join Aston Villa in a £12m move on July 16, 2009 after Boro were relegated but vowed at the time that he would return.
He has fulfilled that promise. He took a morning medical at the Nuffield Hospital in Stockton then swiftly finalised the deal at Rockliffe Park.
Boro will pay West Ham a guaranteed £5.5m in structured payments over the next three years but the deal could be worth up to £7m if the team win promotion over the life of the contract, which is for four years with an option of a fifth.
The deal will mean Downing taking a considerable cut in his reported £60,000 a week West Ham wages.
Boro are set to pay him around £30,000 - a huge wage in the Championship - but over a longer period.
That is a hefty investment of over £7m sanctioned by chairman Steve Gibson.
Read more on the Downing deal:
Stewart Downing: Boro finalise £7m Riverside return
While you've been away - 19 things that have changed at Boro
Who, what, where, why and how - the lowdown on the deal
Anthony Vickers on a homecoming to galvanise the Riverside
Downing could be a game changer: Watch Anthony Vickers give his view
Stewart Downing travelling to Teesside to complete £5m Boro switch
I'll be back: What Downing told Gazette on day he left
I am not a movie critic, but I enjoy watching a good movie. On a long flight, I can fit in three movies each way. Movies possess power. Movies move us, make us laugh, make us cry, challenge us, and may even at times make us better persons.
The recent announcement of the 2016 Academy Award nominations has stirred a controversy. Many have protested that all the nominees for the acting awards are white. Protests have also focused on the lack of racial diversity within the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences boards that makes the nominations.
In light of all the problems facing the world today, one might wonder why the level of concern about Oscar nominations that present no actors of color, and why the rest of the world should care. We are concerned because it may be a symptom of racial discrimination.
We have recently heard from Michael Caine and his advice to black actors and directors, "Of course it will come. It took me years to get an Oscar - years." We also heard from Charlotte Rampling: "It's racist to white people." She continued,"One can never really know, but perhaps the black actors did not deserve to make the final list." These are provocative comments from white people who have succeeded, about the lack of success of others.
Why should this year be so different from previous years when there have also been no African-Americans nominated for acting Academy awards? The answer may lie in the fact that from between 1992 and 2008, there has never been more than a two-year gap between African-American's winning an acting Oscar.
While popular culture and social media rightly discusses and debates the absence of black nominations for the 2016 Oscars, another, largely invisible, subaltern people are routinely disparaged by the motion picture industry and exploited worldwide: Asian Americans.
As we deal with #OscarsSoWhite, what about the Asian American actors who fail to receive Oscar nominations for their fine acting or direction? As happens to black actors and Hispanic actors, Asian American actors are often overlooked for major roles which predominantly go to white actors. Historically, they have too often been ignored by Oscar nominations.
As we examine Oscar history, we find that only three actors of Asian descent have won the award: Miyoshi Umeki, Haing S. Ngor, and Ben Kingsley (whose father was Indian). It is not that Asian American actors are not worthy or good; too often they are not given the opportunity or the roles to become leads in movie. To many, it is inconceivable to have an Asian American male sex symbol or an Asian American female lead in a drama series. Asian American actors are only given roles that are "supposed" to be Asian American characters.
In addition, white actors have played Asian characters in the past, a practice that still occurs today. How can we forget Emma Stone playing an Asian character in Aloha. While set in Hawai'i, the cast was predominantly white, particularly in the major roles. Such practices make Asian Americans invisible in movies and in turn in society.
In the book, Theological Reflections on "Gangnam Style", my co-author Dr. Joseph Cheah and I do a historical survey of Asian American depiction in American culture that demonstrates how racism is embedded in American historical and cultural identity. At the beginning of the early twentieth century, the idea of Asians as the "yellow peril" was embodied in a fictional character, Fu Manchu who was introduced by British novelist Sax Rohmer. Fu Manchu's evil character was featured in movies, radio, television, and comic strips as a diabolical mastermind and was often laughed at for his eccentricity. This character reinforced the worst of degraded stereotypes of Asians and Asian Americans and left an indelible imprint on the collective American memory.
Stereotypical portrayals of Asian males as buffoonish, nerdy, and socially awkward appear throughout films. Mr. Yunioshi in Breakfast at Tiffany's is a movie version of yellowface in which Mickey Rooney played the part of Mr. Yunioshi, an Asian character with protruding buckteeth, squinty eyes, and an outrageous Japanese accent. The film ridiculed Asian Americans for having an outlandish accent, behavior, and a lack of social grace. In the 1984 film, Sixteen Candles, Long Duk Dong, the Asian exchange student, is depicted as a racist caricature of an Asian person whose lack of self-esteem causes him to humiliate himself and to giggle uncontrollably. Dong perpetuates the worst of Asian stereotypes produced by Hollywood.
Furthermore, Asian and Asian American women are regularly portrayed as hypersexualized beings in Hollywood movies such as Madame Butterfly and Memoirs of a Geisha. These and other movies portray them in subordinate, subservient and hypersexualized roles.
Why is this important when we are confronted with world-wide issues such as the Syrian refugee crisis, climate change, and sex trafficking? Because it is all interrelated. Movies and television influence our identity, consciousness and understanding of others. If we want to welcome refugees, deal with climate change (which most deeply impacts the most vulnerable and the poorest in the world), and work to end sex trafficking, we need to be able to overcome racism and racial discrimination and see each other as brothers and sisters.
ESPN on TV—the way we know (love or hate) it—isn't going anywhere. But sports fans may soon find the network in unexpected places. Like, say, as part of "skinny bundles" that may someday be served up through Amazon or Apple.
At Re/code's media conference yesterday, ESPN president John Skipper repeated several times that the company will most definitely not be offering a standalone subscription streaming service anytime soon. "We can sell ESPN as a standalone business, but we don't believe it right now to be good business," Skipper said1, in a refrain he would repeat several times throughout the on-stage interview.
For Skipper, it seemed important to make clear that ESPN isn't changing its business model drastically, at least in the near future. ESPN, after all, is one of the most-watched media properties right now. While most media giants seem in a near panic over the so-called cord-cutters, cord-nevers, and smartphone-obsessed-millennials, ESPN has largely stood by its traditional business, airing sports news programming on cable TV, which sports fans can only get by paying for pricey cable packages.
Despite his network losing 7 million subscribers in the past two years, Skipper maintains that the cable business, at least for ESPN, continues to work well. ESPN has long been sold as part of a cable bundle, and that structure brings in a huge amount of revenue for the sports giant, along with its parent corporation, The Walt Disney Company. (For reference, ESPN still has more than 90 million subscribers.) In addition to selling ads, the company makes its money by charging cable providers hefty fees per subscriber for the rights to broadcast ESPN. If ESPN were to offer a standalone service, those fees would likely drop significantly, impacting the company's bottom line.
Here's the Skinny
The counterpoint here is HBO, which began offering standalone service HBO Now last year. Skipper, for his part, doesn't see the two networks as comparable. He argued yesterday evening that HBO has far fewer cable subscribers than ESPN. "We'll be more aggressive about direct-to-consumer," he added again, "when it makes sense for the business."
All of which might explain why rather than ditch the bundle altogether, ESPN will evolve by embracing smaller ones. Skipper said that ESPN's slimmed down service on Sling TV has proved successful at bringing in new viewers that might otherwise not watch ESPN. Meanwhile, the company recently folded live streaming into its main app for cable subscribers. The company is exploring more options, to be a part of more so-called "skinny bundles," he said. It's had further talks with Dish over Sling TV, he said, adding off-handedly that Amazon and Apple have been exploring skinny bundle services as well.
Whether ESPN would be a part of the slim bundles offered by either tech giant—or whether those over-the-top networks will come to fruition in the first place—was left an open question. “A number of people have expressed interest, and we're in discussions with a large number of people,” Skipper said. "I think other people will enter into some markets with lighter packages in this calendar year."
You might wonder then why ESPN is so hesitant to launch a standalone app, but is considering (or, at least, appears to be considering) the opportunity to be a part of a skinny bundle created by a giant tech company (not to mention the deal with Dish and Sling TV). In a sense, it is a contradiction. Couldn't a skinny bundle provide an alternative to a cable package just as much as a whole range of standalone apps would? Of course! However, ESPN's parent company Disney likely won't make a deal to be part of a skinny bundle unless it, ahem, bundles ESPN along with other Disney channels (think: ABC Family and the Disney Channel), as it has with Sling TV.
Ultimately, Skipper maintained that, sure, ESPN is losing some subscribers as some cut cords and others move to a simplified cable package that doesn't include ESPN. But the business is still intact and, no, it is not a "drag" on Disney. The skinny bundles could be a way to reach a different kind of viewer that will, by his measure, one day upgrade to the full cable package that ESPN offers on TV. “The cable package continues to be the greatest value in the history of entertainment,” he said. If he thinks that's true at $100-plus per month, imagine what he thinks of a skinny-bundled $20.
1CORRECTION 4:40 PM ET 02/18/16: Due to a transcription error, a portion of ESPN President John Skipper's quote assessing ESPN as a standalone product was omitted. “We can sell ESPN as a standalone product, but we do not believe it right now to be good business,” Skipper said (emphasis added). The story has been updated.
Because of production problems, Sony is behind schedule in producing dual-lens camera modules for Apple, which may turn to LG to provide the majority of initial modules for this year's 5.5-inch "Plus" iPhone, a research analyst claimed on Friday.
"iPhone 7 Plus" dual camera design mockup by Feld & Volk.
Sony may not be able to meet its target quota because of "lower-than-expected" yields, plus damage to a production facility caused by April's earthquake in Kumamoto, said Nomura Securities' Chris Chang in a memo cited by Barron's. As a result, another regular Apple supplier —LG Innotek —could claim the majority of Apple's first-wave orders, he said.Chang additionally suggested that all of Apple's upcoming 5.5-inch iPhones will use dual-lens cameras, and that people buying regular 4.7-inch models won't be left out in the cold. Those phones will come equipped with optical image stabilization, something previously reserved for "Plus" devices, the analyst predicted.Optical image stabilization, or OIS, is a marked improvement over software stabilization, and can significantly reduce the blurriness of images shot in action or low-light conditions.Suppliers are reportedly gearing up to ship the "iPhone 7" and "7 Plus" by the end of September, in keeping with Apple's usual iPhone launch schedule. The camera situation could potentially throw a monkey wrench in those plans, causing a delay or hampering launch inventories.On top of a dual-lens camera, the "7 Plus" might also upgrade to an "A10" processor, 3 gigabytes of RAM, and a Smart Connector
User story maps, impact mapping and progress metrics — a brief overview of what I have learned during a two-day workshop.
Natalia Kolińska Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 13, 2017
Introduction
Two years ago I attended a workshop by Gojko Adzic about specification by example. During two days I learned a lot of new techniques, got many useful ideas, but I didn't feel at that time it was something special, unique or life saving…until I actually started practicing the knowledge in real projects, applying examples in discussions with business representatives and software developers. Genius!
This time I went to the workshop about product owner key skills with twice as high expectations…
Day 1
The day welcomed us with a question — how to deal with a huge backlog and how to agree on what's important while creating software? At the beginning of the workshop each group ought to prepare a delivery plan for a new software. And?
We all failed.
Of course, we generated ideas, lots of ideas, some of them were not even so bad… but how could we decide on which feature is the right one to start with? The one and only that will help us achieve our goals and let us learn for further improvement?
The conclusion we came to is that too many people want too many things at the same time, but each project we are co-operating on with others needs some priorities determined. This time, we agreed that focusing on features would not get us far enough…
First hint that we got that day was to focus rather on outputs than inputs.
That helped us to narrow down the number of available choices, because it suddenly occurred that most stories in our test backlogs (I guess the real ones as well) were about inputs. Let users type their names, e-mails, phone numbers and get nothing from it in result…
Additionally, we came to a conclusion that what we all need — development teams and stakeholders — is feedback to ensure that we are aiming in the right direction. But how could you possibly get some useful feedback on inputs? Or a discussion about risks? Of course, you cannot. That is another argument in favor of the outputs.
There are a couple of techniques to work with the outputs. We can either create a completely new output, modify existing one or create the same output but in a absolutely new way.
Second hint — the outcomes.
To be sure that we are making progress in achieving the goal, we have to define some metrics that could be compared with other solutions, so that it can be decided which approach is optimal considering our objectives.
Outcomes are subjects on which discussions on management level may be held. ‘Is this feature required right now or next month is fine?' — this is a sample question that should be asked on that type of meeting. Voilà, prioritisation done (finally we reduced the number of stories to discuss — it is easy, right?)
And that brings us to the third hint — change in behaviour.
What I learned on the workshop's first day is that even perfectly implemented features may be useless if they do not change people's behaviour. What we want to achieve is the behaviour change — this change will help us define values as well as measure progress or success. ‘Do we want to have something done less or more frequently, easier, or faster?' — this simple question should be asked each time we work on a user story. This definitely will help us in search of new solutions and game-changing ideas. Actually, correctly captured behaviour changes reflect current business objectives.
And finally, an impact map — a tool apprehending the behaviour change. In result of our previous actions (focus on outcome, prioritising, defining behaviour change), we have goals, actors and impacts defined. Knowing all that we can start thinking about the actual deliverables.
A project backlog can consist of many impact maps, but if we manage to capture it that way we will not stick in discussing checkboxes and buttons, as we will be clearly able to talk about goals and values.
As in my professional life I am a person engaged only at the deliverables stage I need to adapt this knowledge and think, what I and my teammates can do to improve our everyday work. A tip from Gojko for people not involved on the managing phase — try to rephrase to user story to reflect the change in behaviour and monitor the progress. If we present the data to clients and they do not agree with our assumptions, then definitely they will complain, automatically giving us some insights on goals.
Day 2
Second day was devoted to the following topics: metrics, failing, slicing and story maps.
The key question usually is: when do we succeed? But what a success really is? I believe each person in the group of stakeholders might have different opinion on that. What Gojko was suggesting is that it is much easier to agree on metrics of failure. If we know at which point we fail, we will be definitely aware when it is the right time to re-plan and try a new approach to the issue in scope.
Moreover, if we know what a failure is we can ask more detailed questions about the accepted numbers, or we can discuss how changing one metric impacts another — if I ruin a metric because I focused on a different one, will that still be ok for the business? Not necessarily…This technique was called ‘slicing milestones' (how much we can cut to still keep the balance on other metrics?).
What is also important about metrics is that we always need something for a comparison — if we are aiming for success we are aiming for improvement. To manage that, it is recommended to be aware of the current status of the metric in question (number of clicks, % of users).
It is also a good practice to discuss the set of metrics both for general goals and specific impacts that have to be generated to commit to that goal (but goal targets have to be defined better than values for impact).
Afterwards, the story maps were discussed. Story map is a tool that helps to collect user stories in a specific hierarchy but in the context of a particular user journey. What I remembered as really important is that a story map is always about one customer journey. Until now I used to think that is only a way of organising stories, but it occurs that there is something more relevant in it. So the story map will differ if we prepare it for different personas. Depending on whose impact is the project focusing at the moment, various stories will take the lead in our plan. In general, story map should back us up while ordering and prioritising the stories and then plan (or re-plan) releases.
It is worth remembering that impact maps help us to realise what problem we want to solve, as well as define actors of that process, whereas story map is a tool helpful while planning, because we already know why and for whom we develop features, so at that moment we can focus on optimising our path to achieving the growth.
Summary
At the end of the workshop Gojko advised that we should keep some digital notes of all knowledge and inspirations that we had, in order to organize all new information as well to find gaps — that is why this text appeared.
Knowledge and ideas are not the only benefits I gained from attending the workshop. Let me list some other:
Loads of inspirations:
books to read (e.g. ‘How to measure anything,' Douglas Hubbard, ‘User Story Mapping', Jeff Patton, ‘The Lean Mindset: Ask the Right Questions', Mary Poppendieck),
people to follow,
conferences to attend,
facilitation techniques — ‘waste snake' has a potential of a real life hack :).
2. Book with an autograph (yeah!).
3. And a task — how to implement all this in a real project (I made an attempt to rephrase the story to focus on behaviour change and it seemed to work!).
If you are interested in the topic, the book '50 quick ideas to improve your user stories' by Gojko Adzic and David Evans will give you a more detailed description on what I have mentioned in the text.
My ticket to the workshop was partially sponsored by XSolve — thank you!
As it gets colder in time for winter, it's time for some winter dishes that are warm and filling. One such dish is an old recipe that has become today's recipe, mashed yams with a corn flake topping. I personally like this dish for the corn flake topping which adds a bit of sweetness and crunch to the mashed yams. Also, I think that using yams instead of potatoes makes for a more filling and satisfying dish.
Serves: 4
Here's what you'll need:
-3 Yams (roughly giving 3/4 yam per person, though you can increase the number of yams if you would like to make sure you have leftovers)
-Earth balance vegan butter
-Unsweetened soymilk
-Corn flakes
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees so that it will be warm and ready when you need it to be.
Start by putting a pot of water on to boil. Then get to work washing and peeling your yams. Then cut your yams into quarters so you have four smaller pieces of yam, which will boil faster than the whole yam. When the water is boiling, place your pieces of yam into the pot. Turn the heat down to low so you have a low boil. Cook the yams until very tender and fork soft, about 15 to 20 minutes. Turn off the heat and then dump the water out from the pot, leaving the yams in the pot.
Put some milk into a pot to warm. I used unsweetened soy milk. I would give you a measurement for the milk but I did it by eye. You don't want to warm too much milk and have your yams turn to mush but at the same time you don't want not enough milk that your yams are left dry.
While you are waiting for your milk to warm, you can mash in your butter, as much as you see fit. I used earth balance vegan butter. I also added some fresh cracked pepper. I didn't add salt because I didn't think it was necessary. I think there's already salt in the vegan butter anyways. Although, if you'd like to add some salt at this time, feel free to add it.
When your milk has warmed, add that to the yams as well. Then transfer your mashed yams into a small casserole dish. In a large bowl pour corn flakes and melted butter and mix well. Then spread this mixture on top of your mashed yams and bake for about 15 to 20 minutes at 350 degrees.
Now you'll have a delicious mashed yam dish with a crunchy corn flake topping to enjoy!
Advertisements
As Instagram evolves, copyright violations don't seem to be an issue for this social media giant. More images mean more views which mean more ad revenue, and there is zero incentive for Instagram to take any serious action against reposters, lost as it is in this huge gray area of what constitutes a breach of intellectual property.
For extreme sports athletes and models, this constant resharing of imagery is a boon; For us photographers who want to publish our work while also retaining some control over it, it's a nightmare.
Freebooting is a massive part of Instagram, and some would argue that Instagram itself is entirely complicit. For example, other than the terms of service that no one reads, there are no warnings to users that they should own, or have permission to use, the images that they are posting. If someone has stolen one of your images, only you can report it. The process itself is drawn out and confusing, discouraging less knowledgeable users with a maze of menus and unclear links buried in dense pages of text.
"Remember to post authentic content, and don't post anything you've copied or collected from the Internet that you don't have the right to post," the Instagram website states. But what if you're doing this repost thing that everyone does? Isn't that different? If the Metro newspaper can tell its 11 million readers that all you need to do is download an app and repost whatever you like without asking, then surely it's fine. Right?
One of the many repost apps available for use on mobile phones and tablets.
If you type "repost" into the search bar at Instagram's help center website, there is one result which has nothing to do with reposting other users' images. The App Store's foremost repost app all but tells its users that they can repost whatever they want. There's no mention of permission. Many people have asked why Instagram doesn't include a repost feature inside its own app; one possible answer is that Instagram is being smart, letting millions of copyright breaches happen without being directly involved. Rumors of a native repost feature flew about last week but Instagram will have to take some fairly dramatic steps to implement it without undermining its own TOS, or completely changing the way that its platform functions.
The last two years have seen a growth in the number of hashtag-dependent reposts, whereby an Instagram profile will encourage other users to include a specific hashtag for a "chance to be featured." Often these profiles have tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of followers and offer that wonderful "exposure" in return. Many people include hashtags without realizing that this supposedly gives permission to reposting profiles to use their images. Upon seeing their images reposted, they typically don't complain, either because they believe that the hashtag gives the reposter permission (it doesn't), or because they don't mind the extra followers that it has brought them.
Last week, a Spanish climbing magazine with 29,100 followers, @desnivel_revista, published, with permission, a photograph of climbing legend Lynn Hill from her historic ascent of The Nose in Yosemite National Park. Taken by world-renowned Outdoor Photographer Heinz Zak, this image received over 3,000 likes.
This image was then reposted by another Instagram user. I won't name them as I don't want to give them any traffic. This user has 62,000 followers and is also a small-time online store selling rucksacks and climbing-related paraphernalia. The user had cited @desnivel_revista as the source and credited the photographer but, in effect, Hill and Zak were unwittingly advertising brightly-colored travel adapters.
I contacted the online store to ask whether they were aware that they were breaching Instagram's TOS. "I always give credit to the owner and if they don't like it, they can ask me to delete," I was told. I hold nothing against this company; they're exploiting a system that seems complicit in being exploited, following conventions that are prevalent across the platform. I pointed out to them that, by the time they remove the image at the owner's request, there's no point in it being removed as the advertising is done.
Imagine a business where you use other people's beautiful images and videos to build your brand at absolutely no cost and can advertise directly to 60,000 individuals who have pre-selected themselves as your perfect demographic.
I regularly see my own photographs published on a profile that sells terrible parkour merchandise, using an online t-shirt and mug printing service to process orders. They hold no stock and have no overheads. They take parkour photographs and videos from Instagram and repost them without permission, mixing in adverts for their products. I've reported the use of my images and they've been removed, but there are no further consequences. My images received their share of likes, did their work as adverts, and then disappeared down the feed. By the time they were removed, there was no need to remove them as they were no longer being viewed.
There are literally 1,200 other images and videos on the account, all used without permission, all posted without the owners' knowledge and with very little chance of the owners ever finding out. Instagram will take no action against this user as there is no incentive. It generates more views, and therefore more Instagram ad revenue, and the rights holders are not complaining because they don't know or simply don't realize.
Many of the freebooting accounts don't have online stores, but despite the appearance of "supporting a community," these accounts are now being monetized. Sponsored posts cost on average around $300. If a user has more than 100,000 followers, the fee can be as much as $800. Those that see their images reposted simply don't realize those that consume these images simply don't care.
"Will do sponsored posts"
Freebooting is perfect for Instagram's business model, and it's no wonder that measures to stop it from happening are non-existent, and that conventions have developed to allow and encourage its proliferation. Instagram even promotes freebooted content to its users, like this post that was suggested to me recently:
As a photographer, this is pushing me away from Instagram. This is an exchange I had on Twitter last week with a professional photographer and filmmaker (38,500 followers on Instagram) who preferred to stay anonymous:
"If you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights," says Instagram's Terms of Service, "we will disable your account when appropriate." In this context, "when appropriate" is legal-speak for "when it becomes Instagram's problem." If it's creating ad revenue, it's probably not a problem. Maybe we don't mind our images being exploited without us earning anything from it, but the system should at least be transparent. As it stands, Instagram's TOS is completely meaningless.
Of course, the 27,000 followers of the parkour t-shirt printers, and the 62,000 followers of the climbing travel adapters are all small-fry compared to the big influencers on Instagram. But when you consider that this is being replicated across a social media giant of 800 million active users, freebooting probably constitutes billions of image views every single day.
Rock climbing and parkour are two tiny examples of a huge industry that no one is talking about. I don't begrudge Instagram making money from their platform, but the system as it stands is opaque, and people — including many photographers — have no idea of its scale.
If you're a struggling photographer looking to make money, here's a suggestion: find an industry. Let's say skateboarding. Create an Instagram account. Share the skate community's cutting-edge content, always giving credit, always sharing the love. Use an app and repost images and videos several times a day, exploiting Instagram's tendency to reward those who post most frequently. You can even code a bot to automatically repost the skate videos that receive the highest engagement. Instagram might make it even easier in a few months with their own "repost" button. Create a following of, say, a hundred thousand people. Then make skateboarding t-shirts and start selling them to your perfectly targeted audience, mixing in a few sponsored posts along the way. It's what Instagram wants you to do.
Your life is a miracle of destiny.
Your soul has chosen to be here at this time and place.
Have you ever wondered what your soul purpose is?
The position of stars at the time and place of your birth is the key to who you are
They show your
Psychology
Destiny
Relationships
Gifts and Challenges
Karmic Cycles
While life is mysterious and a great adventure there are ways of navigating it to make the most of it.
A potent gift to do thiis is the great mystical science of Vedic astrology.
Many people ask how Vedic astrology is different to Western astrology Vedic astrology is an ancient, accurate spiritual science. that shines a light on your life. Read More
Vedic astrology dates back to before 3000-5000 years BC.
It comes out of the Vedic era. It is part of the 3 Vedas.
The Vedas are a gift from creation.
These are;
Yoga to keep the body strong and supple and our mind calm. Ayurveda to maintain health and vitality through natural medicine and lifestyle. Vedic astrology which is known as the Eye of the Vedas. Its purpose os to to guide us on the cycle of life on our spiritual path.
Life is a great gift, so it is important to make the most of it.
This starts with knowing who you are. Vedic astrology can help you with that.
Stardust
Everything in the universe is composed of stardust. The page you are looking at, your mind, your body and the chair that supports you.
As stardust we humans are also gifted with a soul and consciousness.
As we come out of creation and are part of creation it is part of our journey to create too. Vedic Astrology can help us create our own reality more consciously..
As we grow so does our consciousness.
Synchronicity, chance, destiny and choice are all active within and without us.
You are here because you are at the stage of your soul development where you are asking the big questions of life, the universe and everything. Read More
Did you know that the accuracy of Western astrology is out by more that 23 degrees? This means that you may not be the Sun sign you think you are,
More details
Ganesha is the Deity for astrologers.
Ganesha removes obstacles.
A Vedic astrology chart gives a whole new perspective and valuable information to guide and to put in touch with your soul purpose.
Vedic astrology Articles
Find out about Yildiz
See Yildiz Sethi's Books
Stardust on the Spiritual Path
Be Rich AND Spiritual More Details
Choose a unique personalised Vedic astrology consultation More Details
Learn Vedic astrology course More Details
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Rohingya families have been making difficult and dangerous journeys to get to Bangladesh
About 270,000 Rohingya Muslims have sought shelter in Bangladesh since violence erupted in Myanmar two weeks ago, the UN says.
A spokeswoman said the jump - up from 164,000 on Thursday - was because new pockets of people had been found.
She called the figure "so alarming" and said urgent action was needed to address the situation in Myanmar.
Those fleeing say Myanmar's military are burning their villages and attacking them.
The violence began on 25 August when Rohingya militants attacked police posts in Myanmar's northern Rakhine state.
Rohingya residents - a stateless mostly Muslim minority in a Buddhist-majority nation - say the military and Rakhine Buddhists responded with a brutal campaign against them.
Myanmar rejects this, saying its military is fighting against Rohingya militants.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Watch: Who are the Rohingya?
For two weeks, Rohingya families have been streaming north across the Bangladesh border.
Vivian Tan, a spokeswoman for the UN refugee agency UNHCR, said the latest surge in numbers "does not necessarily reflect fresh arrivals within the past 24 hours but that we have identified more people in different areas that we were not aware of before".
Existing refugee camps are full and people who had crossed the border were setting up shelters "on the roads or whatever empty space they could find", she said. They were "exhausted, hungry and desperate for shelter", a UNHCR briefing note said.
Some are trekking to the Naf River, which forms the border, and others are sailing up the coast. At least 300 Rohingya boats arrived in Cox's Bazar, in Bangladesh, on Wednesday, the UN's migration body said.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Myanmar security forces say they are fighting Muslim insurgents
The Rohingya plight is sparking concern and protests in many nations, and Myanmar's de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been criticised for failing to protect them.
On Thursday, South Africa's Archbishop Desmond Tutu, one of the leading figures in the anti-apartheid struggle, added his voice, saying: "If the political price of your ascension to the highest office in Myanmar is your silence, the price is surely too steep."
He urged Ms Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace laureate who spent years under house arrest for her pro-democracy activism, "to speak out for justice, human rights and the unity of your people".
There are calls for her Nobel Peace Prize to be withdrawn, but Nobel committee chair Berit Reiss-Andersen said that was not possible.
Speaking on Norwegian radio, she said Ms Suu Kyi won the prize because of her "role as a freedom fighter in Myanmar and against the military dictatorship".
"And we do not have the mandate, nor is it our task to evaluate what Nobel laureates do after they have won the prize," she said.
Earlier in the week, Ms Suu Kyi - who faces strong anti-Rohingya sentiment in Myanmar - claimed the crisis in Rakhine state was being distorted by a "huge iceberg of misinformation".
She subsequently said that Myanmar had "to take care of everybody who is in our country, whether or not they are our citizens", and said Myanmar would "try our best" despite inadequate resources.
Those who have fled northern Rakhine state bring tales of village burnings, beatings and killings at the hands of the security forces and Buddhist youths.
Ms Suu Kyi's government says it is the Rohingya militants and the Muslim villagers themselves who are burning their own homes and attacking non-Muslims.
But a BBC reporter in Rakhine state on Thursday saw a Muslim village being burned, apparently by a group of Rakhine Buddhists, contradicting the official narrative.
I predicted it several months ago ... after 64 inches of rainfall in 2009, we would wish for rain in 2010. It's April and I really wish it would rain a good inch or two.
Even so, it's been a wonderful spring. Azaleas and dogwoods, which are shallow-rooted plants and need consistent moisture, have been beautiful with bountiful blooms.
Autumn Lilac is the new Encore reblooming azalea. Photo: Encore
After your azaleas bloom, you can feed them a fertilizer meant for acid-loving plants.
Prune your azaleas before July 1, which is when they set next year's buds. If your azaleas are OK in size, it's still good to remove any crossing, rubbing or diseased branches. Opening the plants allows air and moisture to move through the plant, and it helps interior branches develop healthy green growth.
Plants that are overgrown can be sheared back at least one-third and they will regrow nicely next year.
Azaleas are best transplanted in mid- to late-fall. New plants are best installed during any cool months. Azaleas always need supplemental water during dry times.
If you love azaleas and want more blooms more times of the year, check out the reblooming Encore azaleas, which are sold at garden centers throughout Hampton Roads. Visit www.encore.com for more details.
A recent decision by a Nova Scotia provincial court judge to acquit a taxi cab driver of sexual assault charges has raised the "thorny issue" of capacity to give consent — and the Crown will appeal.
The case, Her Majesty the Queen v. Bassam Al-Rawi, concerned a young Halifax woman who — in a state of extreme intoxication after a night out with friends — entered a taxi cab to be taken home, and was found by police shortly afterwards unconscious and semi-naked in the back seat of the car. Citing a lack of evidence against the taxi driver, the trial judge acquitted him of sexual assault charges.
Jennifer MacLellan, a senior Crown Attorney for the Nova Scotia Public Prosecution Service — Appeals Branch, in Halifax, outlined the six specific grounds of appeal in the case for Legal Feeds.
The first ground for appeal is that the judge erred in law in holding that the Crown had adduced no evidence of lack of consent on the part of the complainant.
“The Crown's position will be that significant evidence was produced,” MacLellan told Legal Feeds, even if that evidence was circumstantial rather than direct.
Second, the Crown maintains, the judge erred in law by engaging in speculation on the issue of consent rather than drawing inferences from the facts proven in evidence; third, he erred by failing to give proper legal effect to the facts found by him; fourth, he erred in his interpretation and application of the test for capacity to consent; fifth, he erred by failing to direct himself on the provision of s. 273.1 of the Criminal Code; and sixth, he erred by failing to determine whether the accused had taken all reasonable steps to ascertain whether the complainant was consenting.
“While the issue of consent is a thorny issue in many cases of this sort, we certainly take the position that in this case it was clear that there was a lack of consent, and there was [sufficient] evidence presented … that the trial judge should have come to that conclusion,” MacLellan says.
This evidence included the complainant's level of intoxication, the location of the alleged assault, which was not en route from the bar to the complainant's home, and the timeframe involved: about 11 minutes from the time the complainant entered the taxi cab until she was found by a police officer in another part of the city.
The Crown will ask Nova Scotia's appellate court to find the accused guilty on the evidence produced at trial, or, alternatively, to allow the appeal and order a new trial, says MacLellan.
Under s. 273.1 (2)(b) of the Criminal Code, no consent to sexual activity is obtained where “the complainant is incapable of consenting to the activity.”
“A person would be incapable of giving consent if she is unconscious, or is so intoxicated by alcohol or drugs as to be incapable of understanding or perceiving the situation that presents itself,” Judge Gregory Lenehan of the Provincial Court of Nova Scotia said in his oral reasons for judgement. “This does not mean, however, that an intoxicated person cannot give consent to sexual activity. Clearly, a drunk can consent."
The judge also made reference to the complainant's lack of memory of the events of that night, “because she was drunk.”
Lise Gotell, professor and vice Dean of the Faculty of Arts at the University of Alberta, told Legal Feeds that someone intoxicated enough to have a memory blackout is in a “Catch 22 situation.”
“It's difficult to get convictions in these [sexual assault] cases because of lack of memory,” says Gotell, whose research area is sexual assault law. She also cites Statistics Canada's Criminal Victimization in Canada 2014 report, which added a survey question for that year asking whether a victim was unable to consent to sexual activity because, for example, he or she was drugged, intoxicated, manipulated or forced in ways other than physically.
“This type of sexual assault represented 9 per cent of all sexual assaults reported by Canadians,” the Stats Can report stated, which would represent about 50,000 complainants.
In this case, the complainant “was at the point of lapsing into alcohol poisoning,” Gotell says. “She was so intoxicated that she was denied entry to a bar. How can you say that someone in that state was capable of giving consent?”
Gotell is also the national chair of the Women's Legal Education and Action Fund, and said that LEAF is preparing an application to intervene in the Nova Scotia Crown's appeal of Judge Lenehan's decision.
Carissima Mathen, an associate professor in the University of Ottawa's Faculty of Law — Common Law Section, says she believes an appeal of the judge's decision is “the appropriate route” to take in the case. And although Canada's existing criminal law on sexual assault is strong, she says, the particular provision for capacity to consent, s. 273.1 (2)(b), “may be too sparse.” Many elements may inform capacity, Mathen told Legal Feeds, such as developmental disabilities, intoxication, or an inabiity to appreciate one's actions and the nature of the acts one may be engaged in.
“What would be helpful would be to have a case like this one go to the Supreme Court of Canada,” says the University of Alberta's Gotell, “to provide clarity to this issue.”
Bumble-Ardy is the first book Maurice Sendak has both written and illustrated in 30 years. I called him the other day to talk about it, and we were both surprised it had been that long. “Jesus,” he said. “What have I been doing?” We went through a list. He designed operas here and abroad, illustrated dozens of books—by Tony Kushner and Herman Melville and Shakespeare, among many others—and had a best-seller just a few years ago, in Mommy?, a pop-up book about a boy looking for his mother in a haunted mansion.
But in terms of a book completely his own, Bumble-Ardy is the first since 1981's Outside Over There. Not that he wants to make a big deal out of it. “People from New York have been calling, to see if I'm still alive. When I answer the phone, you can hear the disappointment in their voice.”
Sendak's sense of humor is pitch-black and ribald, though this fact, and the baroque essence of his work, is often lost on readers now that his books have become canonical. “A woman came up to me the other day and said, ‘You're the kiddie-book man!' I wanted to kill her.” He hates to be thought of as safe or his work as classic, and he won't tolerate overpraise. “My work is not great, but it's respectable. I have no false illusions.”
He's wrong, of course. Sendak is the best-known, and by most measures simply the best, living creator of picture books, and in the stretch of years since his most prolific period—when he made In the Night Kitchen, Where the Wild Things Are, Kenny's Window, The Sign on Rosie's Door, and the “Nutshell Library”—his work has only grown in stature. No one has been more uncompromising, more idiosyncratic, and more in touch with the unhinged and chiaroscuro subconscious of a child.
And why this new book, at age 83? Giuseppe Verdi had something to do with it. “His glory was in his 80s,” Sendak says. “A new librettist, Arrigo Boito, came into his life, and he said, ‘Look, Verdi, you can compose better than you've done.' The two operas they collaborated on, Otello and Falstaff, are brilliant.” Sendak took comfort, too, in the composer's famously difficult disposition. “Verdi was malcontent and brooding, and that made me feel better. You can't write masterpieces in your 80s and be happy too.”
Bumble-Ardy has a characteristically grim beginning. The young protagonist, a pig, suffers through the first eight years of his life without his family recognizing, let alone celebrating, his birthday. Then his parents are eaten, leaving him alone in the world. Would it be fair to say that childhood neglect and parental disappearance are favorite Sendak themes? “That's all I've ever written about. As a kid, all I thought about was death. But you can't tell your parents that.”
Bumble-Ardy goes to live with his aunt Adeline, and when she fails to throw him a party on his ninth birthday, he throws one for himself. Like all Sendakian rumpuses, it gets out of hand, and for 10 pages we're treated to the most bizarre tableau of celebrants, all in costume: pigs dressed as monsters, pigs dressed as cowboys and Indians, pigs dressed as old ladies painted garishly. As with any Sendak book, the pictures are full of references and echoes. One pig is reading a newspaper that says, WE READ BANNED BOOKS. A sheriff's yellow badge calls back to the Warsaw Ghetto. Messages are written in Hebrew, Italian, Russian. One placard, held by a yellow pig in overalls, asks, WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?
“This is obviously the work of a man who has dementia,” Sendak says. “But I'm very happy with it.” And why a pig at the heart of the story? “I have no idea. Maybe we should ask my shrink. No, actually, let's not.”
Bad news, Sonos customers: to lay the groundwork for its upcoming voice assistant support, the company is asking users to agree to an updated privacy policy, one that includes both mandatory data collection rules and a mention about future device functionality. Should you disagree with said policy update, your device's basic functions could stop working, according to Consumerist.
While you can't stop it from gathering at least some data if you agree to the terms, there is a simple way you can prevent Sonos from getting even more of your personal information while staying up to date and fully functional.
Advertisement
In a blog post, Sonos claimed the update was necessary to “improve your listening experience” and identify issues by analyzing collected error information. Its earlier privacy policy (you can check it out here) allowed users to choose whether or not they wanted to register their device with Sonos for data collection. The new one says that opting out of “Functional Data collection” is not an option.
Data Collection is Mandatory
Data collected previously included information about equalizer usage, playback errors, and time spent listening to local or streaming music. Its new privacy policy, however, collects what the company is calling “Functional Data,” information Sonos claims is “absolutely necessary for your Sonos System to perform its basic functions in a secure way.” Functional Data includes personal information like location data, IP addresses, and more:
Registration data: This data includes your email address, location, language preference, Product serial number, IP address, and Sonos account login information (as described above). System data: This data includes things like product type, controller device type, operating system of controller, software version information, content source (audio line in), signal input (for example, whether your TV outputs a specific audio signal such as Dolby to your Sonos system), information about wifi antennas, audio settings (such as equalization or stereo pair), Product orientation, room names you have assigned to your Sonos Product, whether your product has been tuned using Sonos Trueplay technology, and error information.
Advertisement
Sonos is also trying to collect performance and activity information shown below, otherwise known as Additional Usage Data:
Performance Information: This includes things like temperature of your Product, Wi-Fi information such as signal strength, what music services you have connected to your Sonos system (including, for some services, your login username – but not password – for such service), information about how often you use the Sonos app versus another control mechanism, flow of interactions within the Sonos app, how often you use the physical controls on the unit, and location data when the Sonos app is in use, and duration of Sonos Product use. Activity Information: This includes duration of music service use, Product or room grouping information; command information such as play, pause, change volume, or skip tracks; information about track, playlist, or station container data; and Sonos playlist or Sonos favorites information; each correlated to individual Sonos Products.
Advertisement
Your Sonos Can Hear You
While no Sonos products can listen for your voice right now, evidence of the company's not-so-secret plans to integrate voice assistants into its products are laid out in the privacy policy update. It gives future Sonos products the option to listen for voice command wake words at all times, though no voice data is sent anywhere until you say the proper wake word, according to a Sonos spokesperson.
Advertisement
How to (Partially) Protect Yourself
For now, as long as you don't enable voice assistant support, you can opt out of sharing the aforementioned Additional Usage Data with Sonos by adjusting some settings in your apps.
Sonos for iOS or Android:
From the Sonos music menu, tap Settings. Tap Advanced Settings. Tap Usage Data then Turn off Usage Data Sharing.
Sonos for Mac:
From the menu bar at the top of your screen click Sonos then Preferences. On the left side of the window, click Advanced. Click Improve Sonos. Check the box that reads Turn usage data sharing off.
Sonos for PC:
From the menu bar at the top of the Sonos app click Manage then Settings. On the left side of the window, click Advanced. Click Improve Sonos. Check the box that reads Turn usage data sharing off.
If you're concerned about the data Sonos may have already collected, you can edit or delete it by accessing your Sonos account online or going through the Sonos app, though deleting personal data could render your Sonos device useless. You can also shoot Sonos an email and ask them to delete your personal data, if you're into that.
Advertisement
Sonos says it doesn't plan to sell the data, and that it never has in the past. The issue of mandatory data collection and updating privacy policies is a thorny one, however. As a Sonos owner, if you agreed to one contract and were told to sign yet another, more invasive one to keep your speakers working, you'd probably be a little perturbed.
Privacy experts aren't thrilled either, and see increasingly invasive contracts as unfair to consumers.
Advertisement
Sonos Holds Software Updates Hostage If You Don't Sign New Privacy Agreement | Consumerist
Correction: An earlier version of this article stated Sonos sold voice-enabled products. The statement has been edited for clarity.
TOP500 project logo
The TOP500 project ranks and details the 500 most powerful non-distributed computer systems in the world. The project was started in 1993 and publishes an updated list of the supercomputers twice a year. The first of these updates always coincides with the International Supercomputing Conference in June, and the second is presented at the ACM/IEEE Supercomputing Conference in November. The project aims to provide a reliable basis for tracking and detecting trends in high-performance computing and bases rankings on HPL,[1] a portable implementation of the high-performance LINPACK benchmark written in Fortran for distributed-memory computers.
China currently dominates the list with 229 supercomputers, leading the second place (United States) by a record margin of 121. Since June 2018, the American Summit is the world's most powerful supercomputer, reaching 143.5 petaFLOPS on the LINPACK benchmarks.
The TOP500 list is compiled by Jack Dongarra of the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Erich Strohmaier and Horst Simon of the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center (NERSC) and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL), and from 1993 until his death in 2014, Hans Meuer of the University of Mannheim, Germany.
History [ edit ]
y-axis shows performance in G Combined performance of 500 largest supercomputers The Fastest supercomputer Supercomputer in 500th place Rapid growth of supercomputer performance, based on data from top500.org site. The logarithmic-axis shows performance in G FLOPS
In the early 1990s, a new definition of supercomputer was needed to produce meaningful statistics. After experimenting with metrics based on processor count in 1992, the idea arose at the University of Mannheim to use a detailed listing of installed systems as the basis. In early 1993, Jack Dongarra was persuaded to join the project with his LINPACK benchmarks. A first test version was produced in May 1993, partly based on data available on the Internet, including the following sources:[2][3]
"List of the World's Most Powerful Computing Sites" maintained by Gunter Ahrendt [4]
David Kahaner, the director of the Asian Technology Information Program (ATIP);[5] published a report in 1992, titled "Kahaner Report on Supercomputer in Japan"[3] which had an immense amount of data.[ citation needed ]
The information from those sources was used for the first two lists. Since June 1993, the TOP500 is produced bi-annually based on site and vendor submissions only.
Since 1993, performance of the No. 1 ranked position has grown steadily in accordance with Moore's law, doubling roughly every 14 months. As of June 2018 , Summit was fastest with an Rpeak[6] of 187.6593 PFLOPS. For comparison, this is over 1,432,513 times faster than the Connection Machine CM-5/1024 (1,024 cores), which was the fastest system in November 1993 (twenty-five years prior) with an Rpeak of 131.0 GFLOPS.[7]
Architecture and operating systems [ edit ]
As of November 2018 , all supercomputers on TOP500 are 64-bit, mostly based on x86-64 CPUs (Intel EMT64 and AMD AMD64 instruction set architecture), with few exceptions (all based on reduced instruction set computing (RISC) architectures). Thirteen supercomputers are based on the Power Architecture used by IBM POWER microprocessors and six on Fujitsu-designed SPARC64 chips (one of which – the K computer – was 1st in 2011 without any GPUs (and is still 3rd on the HPCG list[8]). A further two computers are based on seemingly related Chinese designs: ShenWei and Sunway SW26010 also using Chinese co-processors; the latter ascended to 1st in 2016 (it has since been superseded by an IBM POWER-based system). Further, a few computers use another non-US design, the PEZY-SC (based on ARM[9]) as an accelerator paired with Intel's Xeon.
Two computers which first appeared on the list in 2018 are based on architectures never before seen on the Top500. One was a new x86-64 microarchitecture from Chinese vendor Sugon, using Hygon Dhyana CPUs (a collaboration between AMD and the Chinese, based on Zen) and is ranked 38th,[10] and the other was the first ever ARM-based computer on the list – using Cavium ThunderX2 CPUs.[11] Before the ascendancy of 32-bit x86 and later 64-bit x86-64 in the early 2000s, a variety of RISC processor families made up most TOP500 supercomputers, including RISC architectures such as SPARC, MIPS, PA-RISC, and Alpha.
In recent years heterogeneous computing, mostly using Nvidia's graphics processing units (GPU) or Intel's x86-based Xeon Phi as coprocessors, has dominated the TOP500 because of better performance per watt ratios and higher absolute performance; it is almost required to make the top 10; the only recent exception being the aforementioned K computer.
Share of processor architecture families in TOP500 supercomputers by time trend
All the fastest supercomputers in the decade since the Earth Simulator supercomputer have used operating systems based on Linux. Since November 2017 , all the listed supercomputers use an operating system based on the Linux kernel.[12][13]
Since November 2015, no computer on the list runs Windows. In November 2014, Windows Azure[14] cloud computer was no longer on the list of the fastest supercomputers (its best rank was 165 in 2012), leaving the Shanghai Supercomputer Center's Magic Cube as the only Windows-based supercomputer on the list, until it also dropped off the list. It was ranked 436 in its last appearance on the list released in June 2015, while its best rank was 11 in 2008.[15]
It has been well over a decade since MIPS systems dropped entirely off the list[16] but the Gyoukou supercomputer that jumped to 4th place in November 2017 (after a huge upgrade) has MIPS as a small part of the coprocessors. Use of 2,048-core coprocessors (plus 8× 6-core MIPS, for each, that "no longer require relying on an external Intel Xeon E5 host processor"[17]) make the supercomputer much more energy efficient than the other top 10 (i.e. it is 5th on Green500 and other such ZettaScaler-2.2-based systems take first three spots).[18] At 19.86 million cores, it is by far the biggest system: almost double that of the best manycore system in the TOP500, the Chinese Sunway TaihuLight, ranked 3rd.
Top 500 ranking [ edit ]
Legend:
Rank – Position within the TOP500 ranking. In the TOP500 list table, the computers are ordered first by their Rmax value. In the case of equal performances (Rmax value) for different computers, the order is by Rpeak. For sites that have the same computer, the order is by memory size and then alphabetically.
Rmax – The highest score measured using the LINPACK benchmarks suite. This is the number that is used to rank the computers. Measured in quadrillions of floating point operations per second, i.e., petaFLOPS.
Rpeak – This is the theoretical peak performance of the system. Measured in PFLOPS.
Name – Some supercomputers are unique, at least on its location, and are thus named by their owner.
Model – The computing platform as it is marketed.
Processor – The instruction set architecture or processor microarchitecture.
Interconnect – The interconnect between computing nodes.
Vendor – The manufacturer of the platform and hardware.
Site – The name of the facility operating the supercomputer.
Country – The country in which the computer is located.
Year – The year of installation or last major update.
Operating system – The operating system that the computer uses.
Other rankings [ edit ]
Top countries [ edit ]
Numbers below represent the number of computers in the TOP500 that are in each of the listed countries.
Country/Region Nov 2018[23] Jun 2018[24] Nov 2017[25] Jun 2017[26] Jun 2016[27] Nov 2015[28] Jun 2015[29] Nov 2014[30] Jun 2014 Nov 2013 Jun 2013 Nov 2012 Jun 2012 Nov 2011 Jun 2011 Nov 2010 Jun 2010 Nov 2009 Jun 2009 Nov 2008 Jun 2008 Nov 2007 China 229 206 202 160 167 109 37 61 76 63 66 72 68 74 61 41 25 21 21 15 12 10 United States 108 124 143 168 165 199 233 231 233 264 252 250 252 263 255 276 280 277 291 291 258 284 EU 85 93 86 99 94 95 124 111 98 98 91 94 102 95 107 123 136 137 137 148 166 138 Japan 31 36 35 33 29 37 40 32 30 28 30 32 35 30 26 26 18 16 15 17 22 20 United Kingdom 20 22 15 17 12 18 29 30 23 29 24 25 27 27 24 38 44 43 45 52 47 49 France 18 18 18 18 18 18 27 30 27 22 23 21 22 23 25 25 29 26 23 26 34 17 Germany 17 21 21 28 26 33 37 26 22 20 19 19 20 20 30 26 24 27 30 25 47 31 Ireland 12 7 4 2 3 1 2 3 3 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Canada 8 6 5 6 1 6 6 6 9 10 9 11 10 9 8 6 7 9 8 2 2 5 Italy 6 5 6 8 5 4 4 3 5 5 6 7 8 4 5 6 7 6 6 11 6 6 South Korea 6 7 5 8 7 10 9 9 8 5 4 4 3 3 4 3 1 2 1 1 1 Netherlands 6 9 6 4 3 2 3 5 4 3 2 1 2 4 3 3 3 5 6 Australia 5 5 4 4 5 4 6 9 6 5 5 7 6 4 6 4 1 1 1 1 1 1 India 4 5 4 4 9 11 11 9 9 12 11 8 5 2 2 4 5 3 6 8 6 9 Poland 4 4 5 6 6 6 7 2 2 2 3 4 5 6 5 6 5 3 4 6 3 1 Sweden 4 3 5 5 5 3 5 5 3 5 7 6 4 3 5 6 8 7 10 8 9 7 Russia 3 4 3 3 7 7 8 9 5 5 8 8 5 5 12 11 11 8 4 8 8 7 Saudi Arabia 3 4 4 6 5 6 7 4 4 3 4 3 3 3 4 6 4 5 3 Singapore 3 2 1 1 1 1 1 2 2 1 1 1 1 South Africa 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Spain 2 2 1 1 1 2 2 2 2 2 3 2 4 3 2 3 3 6 4 6 7 9 Switzerland 2 3 3 3 3 6 6 7 6 5 4 4 1 3 4 4 5 5 4 4 6 7 Taiwan 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 3 3 2 2 1 2 3 11 Brazil 1 1 2 4 6 6 4 4 3 3 2 3 2 2 2 1 1 2 1 1 Czechia 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Finland 1 1 2 3 5 2 2 3 2 2 2 3 1 1 2 1 3 2 1 1 1 5 New Zealand 1 1 1 1 1 1 5 7 8 6 4 6 1 Norway 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 3 3 3 3 3 3 1 3 2 2 2 2 2 3 Austria 2 3 5 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 2 1 2 8 5 Mexico 1 1 1 1 1 1 Denmark 2 2 2 2 2 1 1 1 1 1 2 2 2 3 3 1 Belgium 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 1 2 1 2 2 1 1 2 2 1 Bulgaria 1 1 1 1 1 Croatia 1 Hong Kong 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 Hungary 1 1 Greece 1 Israel 1 2 2 2 2 1 3 3 2 1 2 1 1 Malaysia 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 3 Slovak Republic 1 1 United Arab Emirates 1 Slovenia 1 1 1 1 1 1 Turkey 1 1 Cyprus 1 1 Egypt 1 1 Indonesia 1 Luxembourg 1
Systems ranked No. 1 since 1976 [ edit ]
Number of systems [ edit ]
By number of systems as of November 2018[31]:
New developments in supercomputing [ edit ]
In November 2014, it was announced that the United States was developing two new supercomputers to exceed China's Tianhe-2 in its place as world's fastest supercomputer. The two computers, Sierra and Summit, will each exceed Tianhe-2's 55 peak petaflops. Summit, the more powerful of the two, will deliver 150–300 peak petaflops.[32] On 10 April 2015, US government agencies banned selling chips, from Nvidia, to supercomputing centers in China as "acting contrary to the national security ... interests of the United States";[33] and Intel Corporation from providing Xeon chips to China due to their use, according to the US, in researching nuclear weapons – research to which US export control law bans US companies from contributing – "The Department of Commerce refused, saying it was concerned about nuclear research being done with the machine."[34]
On 29 July 2015, President Obama signed an executive order creating a National Strategic Computing Initiative calling for the accelerated development of an exascale (1000 petaflop) system and funding research into post-semiconductor computing.[35]
In June 2016, Japanese firm Fujitsu announced at the International Supercomputing Conference that its future exascale supercomputer will feature processors of its own design that implement the ARMv8 architecture. The Flagship2020 program, by Fujitsu for RIKEN plans to break the exaflops barrier by 2020 (and "it looks like China and France have a chance to do so and that the United States is content – for the moment at least – to wait until 2023 to break through the exaflops barrier."[36]) These processors will also implement extensions to the ARMv8 architecture equivalent to HPC-ACE2 that Fujitsu is developing with ARM Holdings.[36]
Inspur has been one of the largest HPC system manufacturer based out of Jinan, China. As of May 2017 , Inspur has become the third manufacturer to have manufactured 64-way system – a record which has been previously mastered by IBM and HP. The company has registered over $10B in revenues and have successfully provided a number of HPC systems to countries outside China such as Sudan, Zimbabwe, Saudi Arabia, Venezuela. Inspur was also a major technology partner behind both the supercomputers from China, namely Tianhe-2 and Taihu which lead the top 2 positions of Top500 supercomputer list up to November 2017. Inspur and Supermicro released a few platforms aimed at HPC using GPU such as SR-AI and AGX-2 in May 2017.[37]
Large machines not on the list [ edit ]
Some major systems are not listed on the list. The largest example is the NCSA's Blue Waters which publicly announced the decision not to participate in the list[38] because they do not feel it accurately indicates the ability for any system to be able to do useful work.[39] Other organizations decide not to list systems for security and/or commercial competitiveness reasons. Additional purpose-built machines that are not capable or do not run the benchmark were not included, such as RIKEN MDGRAPE-3 and MDGRAPE-4.
Computers and architectures that have dropped off the list [ edit ]
IBM Roadrunner[40] is no longer on the list (nor is any other using the Cell coprocessor, or PowerXCell).
Although Itanium-based systems reached second rank in 2004,[41][42] none now remain.
Similarly (non-SIMD-style) vector processors (NEC-based such as the Earth simulator that was fastest in 2002[43]) have also fallen off the list. Also the Sun Starfire computers that occupied many spots in the past now no longer appear.
The last non-Linux computers on the list – the two AIX ones – running on POWER7 (in July 2017 ranked 494th and 495th[44] originally 86th and 85th), dropped off the list in November 2017.
See also [ edit ]
Golden State Warriors All-Star Kevin Durant weighed in on the reported trade demand by the Cleveland Cavaliers' Kyrie Irving, saying he hopes the point guard find happiness "wherever that is."
Editor's Picks Woj: Teams want Kyrie Irving; the question is, 'How much?' One of Irving's former teammates told a Western Conference GM, "He's an animal. Forget whatever you hear about him off the court. Go get him." But what will it take to pry the four-time All-Star from new GM Koby Altman and the Cavaliers?
Cavs brass: Kyrie trade chatter a 'fluid situation' Cavs owner Dan Gilbert downplayed talk that star point guard Kyrie Irving wants out of Cleveland and said that he expects Irving to be at training camp. 1 Related
"I really don't care about the Kyrie Irving situation," Durant said at a news conference Friday at the NBA Academy India in Noida. "I just want guys in the league to be happy where they're playing and have some fun playing ball.
"So, wherever that is, for Kyrie, I hope he finds that. But LeBron James is a phenomenal player. I got a chance to play on his team in the Olympics in 2012, and learned a lot from him."
Irving recently requested to be traded by the Cavaliers, saying that he wants to play in a situation where he can be a focal point and doesn't want to play alongside James anymore, sources told ESPN's Brian Windhorst.
Sources told ESPN that the the San Antonio Spurs are a preferred destination for Irving. The New York Knicks, Miami Heat and Minnesota Timberwolves are also potential destinations for Irving, league sources said.
Durant is currently in India on a tour to help further the growing popularity of basketball in that country. On Friday, Durant set a Guinness World Record for leading the world's largest basketball lesson with 3,459 Indian children. The children were at multiple sites -- the NBA Academy in Noida and others participated via satellite from Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad and Kolkata.
FunkyLich Profile Blog Joined August 2010 United States 107 Posts Last Edited: 2010-08-21 17:19:45 #1
The SC2 Magic Box
Before I go further I need to introduce you to the “magic box.” Magic boxes were also in broodwar, and if you want more detailed analysis, see here:
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=33677
In BW you could use magic boxes for spell spread, among other things. In sc2 we have smart casting so that isn't important, the application this time will be to maintain a unit spread. The magic box is basically an invisible box that fits around your selected units. If you right-click inside the box, your units will try to bunch up at that location. And if you right-click outside the box, they will maintain formation and hence retain unit spread.
(it's actually more of a square but from that angle I had to make it a rectangle.)
What's better is that the unit spread is automatic. You know when you bunch up a group of mutas and they start to diverge on their own? Once they reach THAT spread, THAT is your anti-splash damage formation. The thor's splash damage is literally that small. See that picture up there? That is all the spread you need to completely eliminate splash damage. And you don't need insane micro skills to maintain it. Just bunch them up once, wait until they diverge, and move them out, being sure to always click outside the box.
There is more to magic boxes though. In particular they have a maximum size depending on whether air or ground units are selected. If the selected units exceed the maximum size of the box, they will always lose formation no matter where you click. Fortunately the air box is MUCH bigger than the ground box. Mess around with about 4 zerglings and see how much you can spread them and move them while keeping formation. They don't spread a whole lot. Air units are very different. I have found that I can keep a formation of 36 mutas without them getting outside the box. If you go above that number you're risking one of them getting outside the box, and the result will be all of them bunching up during a move. It's safest to keep your numbers lower than 36. So just keep an eye on that.
Application
WHAT NOT TO DO
DO NOT. I REPEAT DO NOT, attack thors by simply right-clicking them from a distance, or this is what you will see. I shake my head in shame whenever I see this. (Although as a terran player it does make me a happy camper).
WHAT TO DO
The idea is to move, park, and fire. Let's say I want to pick off 2 thors with 10 mutas. First I get them in formation. To do this bunch them up and let them diverge into a nice little circular cloud (you should only have to do this once before moving out). Second, once you see the thor, FORCE MOVE to a point past the target thor. Once your mutas have clouded over the thor, attack the target thor, and ideally you will see your mutas get this nice momentum where they do an attack before they come to a complete stop, it's very important that your mutas are all in range before you attack. Otherwise they could bunch up slightly. As you focus one thor down, watch to see if another thor is accumulating glaive damage. Kill that one next. If he is very close to the other thor you may not even need to force move your mutas. Additionally, you may find it difficult to click on the thor when your mutas are surrounding it. This is actually a very important issue, because if you click on one of your mutas or the ground right next to him on accident, the results will be disastrous. The solution I have found is to just hit “end” on the keyboard or use your mouse scroll to get a better angle. I know it's awkward and not very pro but it's much safer. You will find that it gets harder to do this with no bunching as your numbers get bigger. A bit of practice on a unit tester couldn't hurt you there.
Data
These are by no means proven, but I have found that at about 18 mutas, you've reached a critical mass where mutas are even with thors at a 3:1 ratio. So 18 mutas is about even with 6 thors. Do the math: 300/300/6 is even with 300/200/6, even when the latter is supposed to be a counter and the sole AA in a mech army I might add. As you get lower in mutas, the ratio gets bigger. As you get higher, the ratio gets a little smaller. Using this tactic, 4 mutas is basically even with one thor. This does not take into account upgrades but I will discuss them further down. Again I want to stress these are by no means proven. Results have varied tremendously before. Perhaps the mutas bunched sometimes and I missed it. Perhaps the thors were doing an absurd amount of overkill, causing their DPS to plummet. No less, the technique makes a gigantic difference in the LIFESPAN of your mutas while they're around thors. This enables them to harass more effectively when the terran is using thors as his primary air defence, and much more.
Now some important figures: with no upgrades on either end, thors kill mutas in 3 hits. Thors with level 1 weapons and mutas with zero armor still kill mutas in three hits. With level 2 weapons, thors kill mutas in two hits unless the mutas have level 1 armor, then it takes 3 again (In this case mutas will have ONE HP left after the second hit due to that instant point of health regen).
Meager Analysis
What can the terran do? Certainly armor for thors will help as the glaives hit multiple times. But a better tactic is just spacing out the thors and taking advantage of their range. This will increase the time it takes for the mutas to get from one to the other, and eliminate glaive damage to an extent. Also, make good use of your SCVs.
What can the zerg do extra? Possibly get corrupters and use corruption to help the thors go down faster. Don't necessarily target the thors. If you can pick off his tanks, you can pave the way for your ground army to mop the floor with everything else, which leads to the next point. Obviously don't make ALL mutas unless you can see he's really short on thors or AA in general.
Questions? Comments? Constructive criticism is welcome, as are data contributions.
EDIT: For the record, this technique has existed, and has been put to use before I ever discovered it for myself. This is evidenced by the fact that in higher diamond level play, terran players have already adapted, and the counter is indeed having marines support your thors. Since the mutas want to cloud directly over the thors, and the marines want to stim directly under the mutas, the solution is to simply surround the thors with marines. That, and the mech army is so vespane heavy, the marines are a great way to sink your minerals. However, with this, more people will also see that the mech army is in fact heavily reliant on a very fragile unit. And it is not so indestructible as many of us had thought.
Another note, I of course do not believe this FIXES ZvT. But if this technique makes you feel more positively about it, all for the better.
GREEN BAY, Wis. — Bears linebacker Danny Trevathan said he'll await the league's response to his devastating hit on Packers wide receiver Davante Adams but doesn't think he should be suspended.
“We'll see,” Trevathan said when asked if he was bracing for a suspension. “I don't think it should be a suspension. But you never know. I'm just going to send my prayers out. My main concern is that he's OK.”
With the Bears trailing 21-7 in the third quarter, Trevathan leveled Adams with a brutal helmet-to-helmet hit that snapped Adams' head straight back, knocked his mouthpiece out and left him prone on the ground for several minutes.
“I was just trying to make a play. It wasn't intentional,” Trevathan said. “I was just trying to hustle to the ball and do my job. Unfortunately, he ended up hurt. I'm sorry about that. And I'm going to reach out to him and send him a message. Because we play a physical game, but you never wish that on anybody.
Packers receiver Davante Adams lays on the field after being hit in the head by Bears linebacker Danny Trevathan in the third quarter of the . Bears' 35-14 loss to the Packers on Thursday night at Lambeau Field. (Matt Ludtke/AP)
“I regret the level I hit him at. I could have been a little bit better. But you've got to understand, I was in a momentum and I was just trying to make a play. Unintentionally it happens in this game. Hopefully they see that. . . . I was just trying to make a play.”
Adams had just caught a short pass from Rodgers inside the Bears' 10-yard line and was struggling with Bears defenders for more yardage when Trevathan came in with a head-first hit that drew a gasp from the crowd. Trevathan was penalized for unnecessary roughness, but almost certainly will face league discipline for the play. Players on both sides knelt in prayer as medical personnel tended to Adams.
Adams was conscious as he was taken off the field on a back-board and gave a thumbs-up to the crowd and teammates when he left the field and gave a thumbs-up to the crowd and teammates as he was taken off the field. The Packers reported that Adams had “movement of all extremities” and was being treated at a hospital for head and neck injuries and a possible concussion. Friday morning, NFL spokesman Joe Lockhart told reporters that he'd suffered a concussion.
“It was sad. I never wish that on nobody,” Trevathan said. I've been hurt a couple of times. I know how that is. Especially with the head. You never want to see that. But this game is physical.”
Trevathan said he did not know how bad the hit was when the play occurred.
“I realized it once he laid there for a while,” he said. “And I saw his mouthpiece over there on the other side. And he wasn't moving. He was twitching. I knew it wasn't good. I immediately dropped down and started praying.”
The Bears defense struggled early against the Packers. With running back Ty Montgomery gaining 28 yards on five carries on the first six offensive snaps, the Packers drove 75 yards on 10 plays to take a 7-0 lead. On third-and-one at the Packers 34, the Bears had a chance for a stop, but Montgomery cut back for a three-yard gain and a first down.
The Bears got a scare when nose tackle Eddie Goldman went down with an injury and walked off on his own. He returned later in the first quarter, but by then the Bears were down 14-0.
Mike Glennon's fumble on a sack that the Packers recovered at the 3-yard line set up an easy score, with Rodgers throwing a two-yard touchdown pass to Randall Cobb for the two-touchdown lead.
The Bears' defense finally got some footing after that, forcing three-and-outs on the Packers' final two possessions of the first quarter. Rookie safety Eddie Jackson helped force an incompletion on a long pass to Jordy Nelson on the first one. McPhee beat McCray to sack Rodgers on third-and-5 at the Packers' 20 on the second one.
But on this night, the Bears would need much more than stops from their defense to turn things around. And they didn't get it.
Follow me on Twitter
@MarkPotash.
Email: mpotash@suntimes.com
Ta'u, an island in American Samoa, has turned its nose at fossil fuels and is now almost 100 percent powered with solar panels and batteries thanks to technology from the newly combined Tesla and SolarCity.
The microgrid is operated by American Samoa Power Authority and was funded by the American Samoa Economic Development Authority, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Interior.
Radio New Zealand reported that the $8 million project will significantly reduce fuel costs for the island, which is located more than 4,000 miles from the west coast of the U.S. Ta'u's 600 residents previously relied on shipments of diesel for power. At times, a shipment could not arrive on the island for months, meaning the island had to power ration and faced reoccurring outages.
But the new microgrid replaces this reliance on dirty fuels with more affordable solar energy, as Peter Rive, SolarCity co-founder and CTO, detailed in a blog post about the project, adding that the microgrid is designed to optimize system performance and maximize savings.
"Factoring in the escalating cost of fuel, along with transporting such mass quantities to the small island, the financial impact is substantial," Rive wrote. He pointed out that the microgrid also eliminates "the hazards of power intermittency" and makes "outages a thing of the past."
The microgrid, which only took one year to build, features 1.4 megawatts of solar generation capacity (or 5,328 solar panels) and 6 megawatt hours of battery storage from 60 Tesla Powerpacks. An estimated 109,500 gallons of diesel will be offset per year.
"Before today, every time we turned on the light, turn on the television, turn on maybe the air conditioner, all of the cash registers in China, Vietnam, Saudi Arabia go 'cha-ching,' but not after today," SolarCity market development director Jon Yoshimura told Radio New Zealand. "We will keep more of that money here, where it belongs."
With the Powerpacks, the island can store solar energy at night, allowing for around-the-clock use. The microgrid allows the island to stay fully powered for three days without sunlight and can recharge to full capacity in only seven hours.
A hospital, high school and elementary schools, fire and police stations and businesses will be using the new clean energy source.
"It's always sunny out here, and harvesting that energy from the sun will make me sleep a lot more comfortably at night, just knowing I'll be able to serve my customers," local resident and business owner Keith Ahsoon told SolarCity.
"This is part of making history," Ahsoon added. "This project will help lessen the carbon footprint of the world. Living on an island, you experience global warming firsthand. Beach erosions and other noticeable changes are a part of life here. It's a serious problem, and this project will hopefully set a good example for everyone else to follow."
Ta'u could be an example for other islands around the globe facing similar problems.
"Ta'u is not a postcard from the future, it's a snapshot of what is possible right now," Rive wrote. "Renewable power is an economical, practical solution for a growing number of locations and energy needs, and islands that have traditionally relied on fossil fuels can easily transition to microgrids powered by solar and storage today."
A bond rating agency is giving the Nova Scotia government its stamp of approval for its fiscal performance and for tabling a small surplus in its spring budget.
Dominion Bond Rating Service upgraded Nova Scotia's long-term credit rating to A-high, the highest rating achieved by the province since the agency began assessing it in the late 1980s. Last year Nova Scotia received an A rating.
"This upgrade really reflects just a continuation of that improving credit profile," Dominion analyst Travis Shaw said in an interview Monday.
Shaw said the improvement was partly due to the fact the province tabled a surplus of $16 million in its spring budget after largely sticking to its four-year plan to balance the books.
A few steps below Alberta
Shaw said the improved ranking is consistent with the agency's long-term ratings for Quebec, Manitoba and New Brunswick, although it is several notches below Alberta, the province with the only AAA rating.
He cautioned that it remains to be seen what impact slower than anticipated national economic growth might have on the province.
"There are still some question marks as to how supportive economic growth is going to be for the provincial economy and what kind of impact that will have on the fiscal results for the province," Shaw said.
He said there are encouraging indicators despite a slowing national economy. They include signs of some economic momentum in the United States and the somewhat reduced risk posed by problems experienced by the European economy.
"Nonetheless, the fiscal results and the fiscal performance of Nova Scotia do look relatively strong when compared to some of their provincial peers," said Shaw.
Good for borrowing
Finance Minister Maureen MacDonald said the rating is good news because it enables the province to borrow money at more favourable interest rates than it could if it were seen to be a risk by bond markets.
"It's important because it means that we're not a financial basket case. We are seen as having good fiscal management and the resolve to improve the finances of the province."
MacDonald, who is due to deliver a budget update by the end of September, wouldn't divulge details but said she remained "optimistic" the government is on the right fiscal track.
She said while the pace of the domestic economic recovery remains a concern, Nova Scotia is forecast for stronger growth than the national average because of projects such as the Deep Panuke offshore gas development and the national shipbuilding contract.
(courtesy Edwina Hay)
Two men were shot outside Rough Trade in Williamsburg early this morning. According to an NYPD spokesman, the incident happened at around 1:12 a.m. outside the venue, where rapper Freddie Gibbs had just finished performing a sold-out concert. One of the victims, a 33-year-old, was grazed in his hand, while another, 29, was shot in the leg. The two suspected shooters fled in an SUV.
Both of the victims are expected to survive.
The Post quotes Gibbs as saying, “They tried to kill Tupac. They tried to kill me. I'm still alive.”
The Post also quotes an unnamed police investigator as telling Gibbs, “He [the shooter] was standing around you guys all night. He was stalking you guys. We can tell on camera, he wanted it to look like he knew you, but it's clear he didn't. When you guys left, he was waiting for you outside.”
A representative from Rough Trade, which will celebrate its one-year anniversary in Williambsurg on the 25th, has not returned a request for comment.
The 94th Precinct, which encompasses North Williamsburg and Greenpoint, had only one other shooting incident this year [PDF], and one for the entirety of 2013. The area has seen a 66.7% decrease in shootings over the past five years and a 90% decrease since 1993.
The Catamaran Poetry Prize encourages the submission of previously unpublished poetry manuscripts across a range of styles, themes, and forms. This contest is for a collection of poetry only. Manuscripts of fiction, creative nonfiction, or screenplays are ineligible.The prize is only open to West Coast poets living in California, Washington, Oregon, Alaska, and Hawaii. All submissions should be written in English.
A prize of $1,000 and publication in book form will be awarded to the poetry collection selected by the judge.
Submissions must be received between November 15, 2019 and April 20, 2019 in order to be considered for publication. No late submissions will be accepted.
Manuscripts must be typed, paginated, and between 60--100 pages in length. Poems in the collection must be the original work of the author and previously unpublished in a book length collection. Poems can be published previously in print magazines or online journals. Publication acknowledgments should be included for previously published work. Please ensure all included quotations are clearly attributed to the author.
Simultaneous submissions and multiple submissions are acceptable. Please send us an email at editor@catamaranliteraryreader.com and let us know immediately if your manuscript is accepted elsewhere.
The judge is poet, playwright, and translator Zack Rogow. There is no pre-screening process; all manuscripts will go directly to the judge. Submissions will be read blind, so please remove your name from the title page and content of the manuscript itself.
Revisions are not allowed to the manuscript after it has been submitted to the contest. However, the winning poet will have time to revise the collection before publication. Catamaran reserves the right to get approval from the judge if revisions are significant.
If our staff encounters any difficulties in processing your submission we will contact you to obtain a correction. Minor errors in your submission (spelling, formatting, typographic errors) do not affect your chance of winning.
The winner will be announced to our Email list and on the Catamaran website in May 2019, and we expect to publish the winning collection in September 2019. We will also announce the names of 5 finalists.
Reminder: this is a BLIND submission. Please remove your name from all pages of the manuscript, including from the title page. Manuscripts with identifying information will be "opened for editing" and not entered into the contest until the poet removes identifying information from all pages. Please do not include names of people you would like to thank and acknowledge in your submission. These types of acknowledgements can be published with the winning manuscript.
Catamaran will host a book launch event and reading with the winner and finalists in the fall of 2019.
Fall has officially arrived, and with the smell of crisp leaves and pumpkin spice comes an abundance of new books. Whether you're hitting the road for a fall getaway or staying put with a hot drink, add these 13 must-reads to your list for the season.
Commonwealth (Harper) by Ann Patchett
With one forbidden kiss at a christening party, two families are irrevocably changed. Over the next five decades, members of the Keating and Cousins families weave in and out of each other's lives as they face joy, heartbreak and loss.
The Wangs vs. the World (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt) by Jade Chang
A family of Chinese immigrants was living the American dream—until the 2008 financial crisis. Their new life in ruins, the Wangs set out on a cross-country road trip that goes hilariously awry as the family struggles to unite and find their place in the world.
Hag-Seed (Hogarth) by Margaret Atwood
In this retelling of The Tempest, Felix plans to stage a grand production of the Shakespeare classic until a betrayal forces him into exile. Felix plots revenge for 12 years, finally seizing his chance when a theater course at a nearby prison puts on The Tempest, but vengeance may not be as sweet as he imagines.
In the Heart of Texas (She Writes Press) by Ginger McKnight-Chavers
When 40-something soap opera star Jo Randolph ignites a PR nightmare in Hollywood, her agent ships her off to Midland, Texas—the hometown she's avoided for decades. As Jo reluctantly embraces her roots, she finds herself building a life and career she's never imagined. (Available October 25)
The Underground Railroad (Doubleday) by Colson Whitehead
This Oprah's Book Club pick chronicles the journey of Cora, a young slave fleeing the antebellum South via a literal underground railroad. As Cora travels from state to state, she encounters fresh horrors that threaten her freedom.
Chaos (William Morrow) by Patricia Cornwell
In this high-stakes thriller, a young woman riding a bicycle is killed by a sudden enormous force—what looks like a lightning strike, except skies were crystal clear that night. Medical examiner Dr. Kay Scarpetta is on the case, but bizarre complications threaten the investigation as Scarpetta chases one of the most disturbing masterminds of her career. Available November 15.
Read an Exclusive Excerpt From Patricia Cornwell's Chaos
The Mothers (Riverhead Books) by Brit Bennett
Bereaved after her mother's suicide, 17-year-old Nadia Turner finds comfort in a fling with Luke, the local pastor's son. Soon, she's hiding a pregnancy from everyone she knows—even her best friend, Aubrey—and the repercussions of this secret follow Nadia, Luke and Aubrey for decades.
London Belongs to Me (Kirkwall Books) by Jacquelyn Middleton
Fleeing betrayal and heartbreak in Florida, Alex Sinclair takes the next plane to London to chase her dreams of writing for the stage. But across the pond, an old rival threatens Alex's plans for a new life. Available October 14.
Today Will Be Different (Little, Brown and Company) by Maria Semple
A day in Eleanor Flood's chaotic life never goes as planned, but she swears that today will be different. Unfortunately for Eleanor, today is the day that everything goes wrong, foiling her plans for perfection in a comedic whirlwind of lessons about life, family and facing your past.
The Witch House of Persimmon Point (St. Martin's Griffin) by Suzanne Palmieri
Byrd Whalen comes from a long line of women with haunted histories. When she returns to her family home—known as “The Witch House”—Byrd confronts the secrets that threaten her family and the house that binds them together.
Swing Time (Penguin Press) by Zadie Smith
Two girls grow up together with the same dream—dancing—until their friendship ends suddenly in their early twenties. Though they live worlds apart, the music of their childhood friendship follows the pair from the streets of London to West Africa. Available November 15.
Found (SparkPress) by Emily Brett
What is the surest way to find yourself? By adding a few stamps to your passport, of course, which is exactly what 20-something ICU nurse Natalie Ulster does in an attempt to heal her broken heart—until a few too many near-fatal accidents make it clear that Natalie can't outrun her mistakes. Available October 18.
Cruel Beautiful World (Algonquin Books) by Caroline Leavitt
The year is 1969 and 16-year-old Lucy Gold runs away with a much-older man in search of a wilder life, leaving behind the sister who practically raised her. Her sister, Charlotte, faces the incredible burden of responsibility after Lucy vanishes and her new life takes a violent turn.
His 1999 Courtyard Houses in Matosnhos, near Porto, with their high walls and interior courts and gardens, look like closed warehouse blocks from the outside, and could be seen to adhere to the severe restraint of Mies van der Rohe's court-house typology in order to elude any trace of Siza's Baroque modernist lyricism. But in more recent works, including the 2004 Braga Soccer Stadium, the 2007 Burgo Tower in Porto, and the 2009 Paula Rêgo Museum in Cascais, all in Portugal, he has broken free of a strictly Miesian model without renouncing the strong, closed geometric forms, the honest use of materials, especially concrete, and the innate restraint of his early work, which allows his buildings to enter into dialogue with their surroundings.
One of the first projects in which this expressive silence finds a powerful voice is his 1997 conversion of the ruined Portuguese monastery of Santa María do Bouro into a state hotel (RECORD, November 1998, p. 120). The finished building, I wrote at the time, “is full of echoes of its former abandon: the flat roofs overhung with bits of vegetation, the roofless cloister, the dark window openings, some with their sky-blue blackout shades drawn as if bits of sky could still be seen through the structure.”
There are some amazing role-playing games that don't make it to Western lands. Some were even petitioned to be localized(if you can remember Operation Rainfall, their hopes to get Xenoblade Chronicles, Pandora's Tower and the Last Story to be localized in the North American region).
For fans of Sword Art Online, the new game in the series, titled Sword Art Online: Lost Song, will be released in both the European and North American regions for the PS4 and PSVita. For those on PS3 and want to play, unfortunately you will need to play a Japanese copy as there doesn't seem to be a release date, or even mention, for a PS3 version.
The game has already been released in Japan, China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. For those in EU and NA, we will have to wait until Fall of 2015. Such a long wait but from screenshots and game-play of the other versions, I feel it's going to be worth the wait.
In Lost Song, you are able to create your own character as well as be able to play as Kirito, the main protagonist. With your own character, the story progresses as if you were playing as Kirito so there is no major changes or missing out on story-lines if you go down that path.
As well as playing offline, you can also go online, a first in the game series. It allows up to four people in multiplayer to party up and do various missions. The battle aspect seems pretty interesting too, not only do you have land battles but you can participate in some incredible aerial battles.
If you're like me and you wonder what type of style this role-playing game is, it's dubbed as being a dynamic and complete Action RPG.
For those that like to pre-order games, there is no word on when pre-orders are going to be available for these regions or what type of pre-orders(standard, collector's edition, etc). Hopefully we get the same as the other versions and not miss out too much. We shall see when it gets announced and I will let you all know when that happens so stay tuned to VGamerz for that announcement!
Comments
comments
Jay Oliva has had an extensive career in animation, directing several of the DC Universe Animated Original Movies such as Justice League: War, both parts of the Batman: The Dark Knight Returns adaptation and, most recently, Justice League Dark. He also has a lot of experience as a storyboard artist for both the animated and features films for both DC and Marvel, being credited as a storyboard artist for Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, Wonder Woman and Thor: Ragnarok.
Oliva was recently a guest on the podcast Shanlian on Batman and spoke about some of the sequences he storyboarded for Batman v Superman, namely the nightmare sequence which saw a future Batman fighting Superman's soldiers before getting taken out by Darkseid's parademons.
“I did the nightmare sequence with future Batman, although it was great because I just watched it again the other day and that last shot where it's just one long, continuous take where Batman is fighting and eventually gets taken down, that was something I had talked to Zack about. Like, ‘Wouldn't it be cool if we did a Children of Men-style one shot?' What's funny is that [the parademons] were a late addition, Zack added that after I had done it because originally it was supposed to be the Superman bad guys and then Batman just gets taken over.”
“I was as surprised as you guys that the parademons were in it,” Oliva continued, “but I knew where they were going to lead to. Like they're all leading to the events that would eventually be like Justice League: War, my animated film, so I thought that's kind of cool they're bringing it this early into the story. For me, it was a nice addition. Even the shot where you saw the Omega symbol, that was something I didn't know. That was added after I had finished my stint on it so I didn't know we were going to do references to Apokolips and stuff in the film so I'm pretty jazzed that they put it in there.”
The topic of Zack Snyder's Justice League also came up in the conversation where Oliva told the group he got the chance to work briefly on the superhero team-up film.”I didn't get to work on Justice League during pre-production, but then while they were actually shooting they gave me a call and said ‘We have this new sequence, can you come help me out?' I was like ‘Of course!' They flew me to London. I was there for a couple weeks just kind of crafting one of the new sequences that they had come up with and I was telling Zack ‘I'm so glad I got to work on this movie!' I was hoping I got to work on Justice League so this was cool.”
Oliva also revealed that he worked on this summer's upcoming Wonder Woman, starring Gal Gadot and directed by Patty Jenkins, and thinks the film is going to be ‘great and fun' for fans to see. “I worked with Patty extensively on the film so I think its going to be great. I think its going to be fun. I'm totally jazzed to see it on the big screen. I did a couple sequences so I'm curious to see how they turned out. I'm just happy there is a Wonder Woman film out!”
Oliva added that he hopes Jenkins' film will see a resurgence in Wonder Woman's popularity and get another animated film made. “Here's what I hope: I hope that the Wonder Woman film will do well enough that they will want to do an animated Wonder Woman movie because the movie Laura Montgomery had done for us at Warner Bros. I worked on it with her and its one of my favourite movies that we had done. Its a shame it didn't sell well mostly because it was pirated and because of that that's why we don't get any Wonder Woman solo films because the one time we tried it didn't sell well so of course the higher-ups thought there wasn't a market for Wonder Woman.”
You can check out the rest of the Shanlian on Batman podcast for Oliva's thoughts on Justice League Dark, Batman: Assault on Arkham and the anticipated third season of Young Justice here.
Async Method Caller - Easy async Without await
tl;dr: AsyncMethodCaller is used to call methods asynchronously. Execution will continue with other methods after the asynchronous call completes. Use this if you cannot use async and await to easily make testable asynchronous calls. Very useful in ViewModels.
The Problem
C# has over its lifetime accumulated many asynchronous programming models:
Before async and await, background workers have long been a preferred method for making asynchronous calls and creating non-blocking UIs in MVVM ViewModels. This is a simple example:
public class ViewModelWithBackgroundWorker { private readonly BackgroundWorker worker ; public ViewModelWithBackgroundWorker () { worker = new BackgroundWorker (); worker . DoWork += DoSomething ; worker . RunWorkerCompleted += WorkCompleted ; } public string Message { get ; set ; } public string Result { get ; set ; } public void ExecuteAsync () { Message = "Loading..." ; worker . RunWorkerAsync (); } private void DoSomething ( object sender , DoWorkEventArgs e ) { e . Result = "Result" ; } private void WorkCompleted ( object sender , RunWorkerCompletedEventArgs e ) { if ( e . Error != null ) { HandleError ( e . Error ); } else { Message = "Completed" ; Result = ( string ) e . Result ; } } private void HandleError ( Exception exception ) { Message = exception . Message ; } }
Unfortunately, this practice has a couple of obvious deficiencies:
Testing the correctness of the asynchronous execution is not straight forward and often involve inheriting from the View Model
The code is verbose and the program flow can be hard to follow
Multiple BackgroundWorkers might be needed if different asynchronous operations are to be supported
The Solution
The obvious solution is using async and await from C# 5. C# 5 does not support Windows XP however, making this solution unattainable for many organizations.
Therefore I created AsyncMethodCaller. AsyncMethodCaller is used to call methods asynchronously and continue with other methods after execution completes. If you cannot use async and await, it makes asynchronous calls easy to understand and test.
The example from before can now be rewritten, with unit tests!
public class ViewModelWithAsyncMethodCaller { private readonly AsyncMethodCaller asyncMethodCaller ; public ViewModelWithAsyncMethodCaller ( AsyncMethodCaller asyncMethodCaller ) { this . asyncMethodCaller = asyncMethodCaller ?? new AsyncMethodCaller (); } public string Message { get ; set ; } public string Result { get ; set ; } public void ExecuteAsync () { Message = "Loading..." ; asyncMethodCaller . CallMethodAndContinue ( DoSomething , WorkCompleted , HandleError ); } private string DoSomething () { return "Result" ; } private void WorkCompleted ( string result ) { Message = "Completed" ; Result = result ; } private void HandleError ( Exception exception ) { Message = exception . Message ; } } [TestFixture] public class ViewModelTests { [ Test ] public void DoSomething () { var asyncMethodCaller = new TestAsyncMethodCaller (); var viewModel = new ViewModelWithAsyncMethodCaller ( asyncMethodCaller ); viewModel . ExecuteAsync (); Assert . AreEqual ( "Loading..." , viewModel . Message ); asyncMethodCaller . StartServiceAndWait (); Assert . AreEqual ( "Result" , viewModel . Result ); Assert . AreEqual ( "Completed" , viewModel . Message ); } }
AsyncMethodCaller thus gives you the following advantages:
The asynchronous code is isolated from the ViewModel-logic
The code can be tested without inheritance, using tests before, under and after the asynchronous call
Program flow is easy to follow
Only one AsyncMethodCaller is needed
The source code is available on GitHub or as a nuget-package.
Crossing the street in Toronto has been a potentially deadly challenge for almost a century. Until the 1950s, when the number of automobiles dramatically increased on our city's streets, people on foot were required to dodge between moving vehicles with no legal right of way. Every day was a real life game of Frogger.
In 1958, in response to an increasing number of deaths, Toronto introduced its first marked crosswalks, giving pedestrians priority over cars at select locations and punishing those who entered the street elsewhere.
The crossings were minimalist affairs: just painted white lines on the road and signs that read “Pedestrian X Crossing” and “Stop for Pedestrians.” There were no lights, no zebra markings, and no instructions for walkers to point as they entered the road. As a result, drivers often ignored or failed to see the new features of the road.
In fact, the new “cross-overs,” as they called, weren't much of a victory for people traveling on foot.
Metro Toronto hoped that forcing pedestrians into crosswalks and punishing those who tried to cross mid-block would improve safety by keeping people off the streets. Fines started at $5 for the first “jaywalking” offence, $10 for the second, and $20 every time after that, although judges were allowed to issue fines of up to $200.
“It's simple,” said Sam Cass, Metropolitan Toronto's head traffic engineer. “You play ball with me and I'll play ball with you.”
Almost immediately it became clear the crosswalks weren't perfect. Less than 24 hours after the official launch, 5-year-old Deborah Wark, walking home alone after visiting a neighbourhood candy store, was struck and killed at a crossing on Keele St. It was “pedestrian safety day,” and a police officer had left the intersection moments earlier.
Wark's death caused a public outcry, but Cass said the crossings weren't to blame. He said safety was a personal responsibility and that drivers needed to get used to yielding to pedestrians. Rather than improving the design, there were calls to cancel the fledgling crosswalk program entirely.
No changes were made, but deaths still occurred. Just days after Wark was hit, three people were killed by a truck at a crossing at Bathurst and Melrose.
Drivers complained parked vehicles blocked the warning signs and the white road markings became practically invisible at night or in the rain. Pedestrians walked into the street in frustration when drivers refused to yield, sometimes with disastrous consequences.
A year later, in an effort to make drivers more aware of crosswalks, Metro added advance warning signs and painted large Xs on the roadway. It was also around this time the “point your way to safety” signs appeared. Toronto City Council also called for flashing lights that could be controlled from the sidewalk, but the idea was rejected. Traffic experts said giving pedestrians control over the flow of traffic would lead to more accidents.
“Making the crosswalks more obvious does not make them any safer for pedestrians,” Cass said. “Accidents cannot be prevented with traffic signal or control devices,” he added later.
There were all kinds of ideas for improving Toronto's crosswalks, many of them ridiculous. Red flags were handed out at an experimental crossing at Yonge and Gould in the summer of 1960 in the hope that the colours would better catch the attention of drivers. Coloured asphalt was tested on the 401 with a view to using it at crossings and other problem areas.
(Best of all, in the 1950s, cops would drive around berating bad drivers over a loudspeaker from inside an anonymous yellow panel truck. “You in the convertible, and you, sir, in the two-tone sedan, don't you think you should allow the little girl to cross? She's at a crosswalk, she has the right of way,” Constable Al Keates said on one occasion recorded by the Globe and Mail.)
Despite the high profile fatalities and public criticism, it appeared crossings were having a positive effect on the number of accidents. Traffic deaths dropped by almost a third in the eight months after they were unveiled, and by 1962 the numbers were continuing to trend downward. 58 people died in 1961, compared to 85 the year before crosswalks.
Lights did eventually appear in the form of fixed amber blinkers attached to concrete traffic islands, but there was no still no nighttime illuminations six years after the first crosswalks were installed. In 1964, Toronto mayor Philip Givens suggested adding rumble strips or “some sort of electrical impulse” (he didn't explain further) to warn drivers of approaching crossings in addition to lights.
Cass, who had long opposed lights, said it would be hard to select a colour for crosswalks. Snow plows used blue, ambulances red, and traffic lights red, yellow, and green. “What about black,” Givens suggested. North York reeve James Service proposed a revolving light. Cass warned too many lights might distract drivers, but amber eventually won out.
Following a successful test of overhanging lights on the Danforth in 1966, Metro Toronto began illuminating crosswalks at night, but the arrival of pedestrian-controlled flashing lights wouldn't come until 1988 when Ontario standardized crosswalks province-wide.
Today, it's still not clear whether pedestrian crossings are completely safe. Go out onto the street, press the button, and no doubt several cars will zip past before traffic stops. At least one study has shown that, despite the addition of safety features, it is still safer to cross at an intersection rather than a mid-block crosswalk.
“If people think a marked crosswalk is going to stop traffic, they're quite mistaken,” Raynald Marchand, manager of the traffic safety and training section at the Canadian Safety Council, told the Globe and Mail in 2002.
At least there are (legally speaking) no more jaywalkers.
FILE - In this Feb. 22, 2015 file photo, Kid Rock performs before the Daytona 500 NASCAR Sprint Cup series auto race at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Fla. The musician from suburban Detroit is teasing his potential 2018 U.S. Senate candidacy, though it is news to Michigan Republicans. Kid Rock, who was born Robert Ritchie, said Wednesday, July 12, 2017, that a website hinting at his campaign —www.kidrockforsenate.com — is legit. (AP Photo/Terry Renna, File)
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Kid Rock for U.S. Senate?
The musician from suburban Detroit is teasing his potential 2018 candidacy, though it is news to Michigan Republicans.
Kid Rock, who was born Robert Ritchie, said Wednesday that a website hinting at his campaign — www.kidrockforsenate.com — is legit.
“I have had a ton of emails and texts asking me if this website is real,” he said on Facebook and Twitter. “The answer is an absolute YES. Stay tuned, I will have a major announcement in the near future.”
Ritchie could not be reached by The Associated Press to discuss his plans. Spokesman Kirt Webster referred to the Facebook post and said “more soon.”
Michigan Republican Party Chairman Ron Weiser said he had not heard from Ritchie, who endorsed GOP presidential candidates Donald Trump in 2016 and Mitt Romney in 2012.
“It could be a publicity ploy. Don't know,” Weiser said in a text message.
The website shows Ritchie, 46, and asks “Are You Scared?” It has slogans such as “In Rock We Trust,” ″I'll Rock The Party” and “You've Never Met a Politician Quite Like Me.” It links to campaign merchandise on a website for his record label, Warner Bros.
Third-term Democratic Sen. Debbie Stabenow is up for re-election in 2018 after easily winning in 2012 and 2006. Republican candidates include former Michigan Supreme Court Justice Bob Young Jr. and businesswoman Lena Epstein.
Democrats traditionally have fared well in statewide federal elections in Michigan. But Trump's narrow victory over Hillary Clinton in the state — the first for a GOP presidential nominee in 28 years — has given Republicans some optimism about facing the popular Stabenow.
Epstein, herself a political newcomer, welcomed Ritchie to “the party” and said she hopes they can campaign together.
“The more attention we can bring to the need to defeat Debbie Stabenow the better off we will be in November of 2018!” she said.
Stabenow said she shares Ritchie's love for music.
“I concede he is better at playing the guitar and I'll keep doing what I do best, which is fighting for Michigan,” she said in a statement.
In April, Trump hosted Kid Rock, musician Ted Nugent and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin at a White House dinner.
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/David%20Eggert .
STARKVILLE, Miss. -- Mississippi State and Tulane have scheduled a future home-and-home football series for the 2020 and 2023 seasons, the two programs announced on Friday.
Mississippi State and Tulane have scheduled a future home-and-home football series for the 2020 and 2023 seasons, the two programs announced on Friday.The two will meet on Oct. 3, 2020 at Davis Wade Stadium in Starkville. The Bulldogs will visit Yulman Stadium in New Orleans on Oct. 7, 2023."It's been a pleasure working with Tulane AD Troy Dannen to renew the longstanding football series between the Bulldogs and Green Wave," MSU Director of Athleticssaid. "New Orleans is a great destination for our Bulldog fans and a place we hope to get to more often in the future."MSU and Tulane will be renewing the series for the first time since Sept. 8, 2007. Anthony Dixon rushed for 131 yards and two touchdowns as the Bulldogs beat the Green Wave, 38-17, in that contest in New Orleans. MSU is 30-26-2 all-time against Tulane since the first meeting between the two in 1901.
Senior administration aides postponed the announcement at the urging of United Nations and State Department officials. | Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Trump's attack on Chinese trade gets sidelined over North Korea
An opportunity to hit North Korea with new United Nations sanctions has sidelined President Donald Trump's bid to punish China for its alleged unfair trade practice.
The White House had been preparing for a Friday announcement in which Trump planned to urge his administration to open a trade investigation into China's alleged violations of U.S. intellectual property rights and forced technology transfers, three administration officials said.
Story Continued Below
But on Thursday afternoon, senior administration aides postponed the announcement at the urging of United Nations and State Department officials, who are in the sensitive final stages of convincing China to sign on to a U.N. resolution that would impose new sanctions on North Korea. U.N. and State Department officials warned that the trade announcement could kill their chances of winning Beijing's buy-in, according to the officials.
"There are broader talks about diplomatic considerations,” an administration official said. The official added that the threat of U.S. action on trade has led to a round of separate conversations between the U.S. and China on the issue at “high levels,” though the president has not directly been involved.
A different U.S. official told POLITICO Friday talks have advanced with the Chinese and Russians on a North Korea resolution, with the potential to hold a vote at the Security Council on Saturday.
"The U.S. has circulated a draft of a resolution among Security Council members," the U.S. official said. That indicates China — and Russia — are close to agreement with the U.S. and its allies on the wording.
Sign up for Morning Trade A speed read on global trade news — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
When asked Friday if the Russians and Chinese are amenable, a Security Council diplomat said, "We have high confidence that they will be on board with this resolution."
Two of the administration officials said they were still hopeful Trump will announce the trade action against China, but they said the exact timing is unclear.
Trump is slated to urge U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to open an investigation against China under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974. The investigation could eventually result in tariffs or other punitive measures.
Lighthizer is expected to be out of the U.S. next week, but aides said that wouldn't necessarily stop Trump from making the trade announcement.
The president has railed against China in recent days, arguing the country isn't doing enough to stop North Korea from developing a nuclear weapon capable of striking the United States. A decision by China to sign on to the U.N. resolution sanctioning North Korea would be one step in easing U.S. tensions with Beijing.
A State Department spokesperson declined to comment. A White House spokeswoman countered that the administration had never officially announced plans to make the trade announcement on Friday. “We'll let you know when we have something to announce,” the spokeswoman said.
Doug Palmer contributed to this story.
Now that most of the planet has seen The Avengers, we're going to freely talk about one of the more tragic aspects of Joss Whedon's movie. So if you wish to remain spoiler free stop reading here!
Spoilers ahead...
We've already analyzed why Whedon always kills the characters we love most — but now we want specifics. What made him want to kill Agent Coulson off? And wasn't he worried that killing off this beloved agent, the "character-killer" stigma would stick to him worse than ever?
Advertisement
At the junket for The Avengers we asked Whedon, and he responded that is just simply had to be done... and totally wasn't his idea.
Are you worried about perpetuating the "Joss Whedon kills your favorite character" stigma, with what you did to Agent Coulson in The Avengers?
Advertisement
Joss Whedon: In our first meeting Kevin Feige said, this is what we're gonna do and I said, "Oh but you have to go out there and tell everybody that it was your idea because this is going to get me so much shit. Because they are all going to be like, "Oh he did it again!" It was stipulated from the beginning, and I completely agree that it was the right thing to do, and so did Clark. Who said in the early days, when I was busy apologizing for it, "In a movie like this, with what's going on if there isn't some toll, it's just irresponsible story telling."
“One thing you can't hide – is when you're crippled inside.”
― John Lennon
Emotions.
They play such a major role in our life. Everything we do. Everything we did. Everything we will do.
All of these will be governed by this one word: Emotions.
Oh, it will impact your life. In a major manner. Now, then, forever.
That's the bad part.
The good part however is that you get to choose the impact, they'll have.
Yes, you heard it right. Whatever you were fed, taught and made realized about emotions not being in your control and other such mystical things were wrong.
You've been misled in major ways.
Emotional wellness is crucial for a happy, content life.
Again, there is no point in cleaning your closet and desk, if you still are in an emotional turmoil. Sure, those things might help you de-clutter some of your thoughts. But they won't eradicate the discontent and unhappiness completely.
Minimalism is all about choosing consciously. Everything. Physical, emotional and spiritual.
People have realized. People have learnt. That like majority or rather everything in your life the state of emotional wellness too is a matter of choice.
Yes, you heard it right.
Choice.
Like everything else, you will have to choose how you deal with your emotions. You've to choose what status you give them. And you've to choose which emotions impact you and which don't.
Ahead lies 5 things, I have learnt. I have realized. About emotions. Over the years of exploration. Of life and of Minimalism.
These are hard to implement. I am still to implement themselves myself fully.
But again it is a journey. Even if you take one step, it still will bring you closer to destiny.
Similarly, even if you try to implement them in some manner, they'll bring about change.
Change of good.
Change of contentment.
Change of happiness.
5 things you must know about Emotions-
Choices and Reactions- I can't emphasize on this one enough. Choice. Emotions are a matter of choice. The emotions you choose to react on and the emotions you don't. The emotions you choose to let affect you and emotions you don't let affect yourself. Choice. If you feel any contrary, remind yourself of the countless times when you chose to not react to a particular emotion or when you did. Consciously. Emotions are not mystical phenomenon. They can be chosen. They're your emotions in the end. Difficult to do but really a key and the first step. Choose happiness over sadness. Choose empathy over anger. Choose consciously. Just try it. You'll see the difference.
Stop being judgmental To Don't judge your emotions. Don't hate yourself for feeling the way you do. Sometimes, you cannot control them. You cannot. It is your sub-conscious mind at play. But you don't need to feel guilty. Or beat yourself up for feeling the way you do. Instead, try to understand why you're feeling this way. Why exactly? If you judge your own emotions, you're creating too much guilt and stress and signs of depression. Don't do that. Just understand why you are feeling the way you're feeling. Then, you can work on it. Or not. But first, understand. Not judge. Understand.
Don't judge your emotions. Don't hate yourself for feeling the way you do. Facing your emotions I used to run away from my emotions. It seems a viable and easy option for short-run. You might feel good also. But on the long run, it will kill you. Always remember- even if you ignore your emotions for a while. Or if you just run away. Your emotions don't stop being. They are there lurking and multiplying. And one day at the right cue, they will burst. Gripping you like never before. Instead, face your emotions now. There is a reason for existence of every single of your emotion. Face them. Try to understand them. Try to find a solution for them. Do whatever. Just don't run away. That is the worse thing you can do to yourself. They always come back. In one form or another. And always with a stronger force than previous time. Be kind to yourself, please. Don't run. Face it.
I used to run away from my emotions. It seems a viable and easy option for short-run. You might feel good also. But on the long run, it will kill you. Seeing Emotions as an External Force- This is more of a hack. Remember the last time you were extremely angry? You felt like killing someone with your mind raging and teeth biting. I am sure you do. Do you feel in the exact same way as of now? Probably not. Emotions will come and pass. Different emotions at different times. See them as external forces. You're not always angry. You're not always irritated. You're not always feeling guilty. As a person, you're not those emotions. Like your eyes and nose, they're not always a part of you. So see them as external factors. That will help in two ways. One, when they do come, you can choose to react or not. Or how exactly they'll affect. You know they will stay with you only as long as you wish to. So choose happiness. And stray away anger. And similar stuff. Two, you'll realize that you and your emotions are two separate things. Observe them. Understand why they affect you. If they are good emotions, let them stay. If they are bad, strip them away. You're never your emotions. They impact you. But only as much as you let them. No less, no more.
This is more of a hack. Take Control In the end, everything boils down to this. To take control. To live consciously. To not live on auto-pilot mode. Take control of your emotions. Don't say to yourself and or others that you don't have control over your emotions. That's not good. Never good. All the times, you go into depression. You choose to do so. All the times, you cry and be angry and break things. You choose to do so. And if you feel you're always sad or discontent or angry or irritated, realize that you're choosing that. You're choosing that over being happy and content. You're choosing. You're letting emotions- an external force, take control of your life. Snap out. Take control. Live consciously.
These are just some things.
5 things.
You may already know some. If you do, that's great. Time to implement.
Or you're hearing such bizarre, according to you, ideas for the first time. No, really. They are not. Give it a shot. Give it time and you'll realize why. 1 month, to be precise.
Have 1 month for yourself, don't you?
Again the key is to do. To do. Not just to take inspiration and sit.
Sitting time, with coffee and 8 minutes, ends now.
Time to change.
Go change your life. I dare you.
Let me know via comments, what you feel about emotions and emotional wellness?
*Part of the, The Minimalist Thursday Series
Advertisements
jetcityimage via Getty Images The shooting left a 55-year-old woman with a gunshot wound to her neck, Dallas police said.
A child custody swap between two grandmothers led to a shootout outside of a Dallas Walmart that left one woman wounded, authorities said.
The two women met to transfer custody of their mutual grandchild around 5:30 p.m. Sunday. An ensuing argument turned violent, Dallas police said.
Janice Brown, 53, allegedly pulled out a gun and shot Carla Hawkins, 55, in her neck, leaving her with injuries that were not life-threatening, police said in a statement.
An off-duty Fannin County officer responded to the scene. Brown allegedly shot at the officer, and he returned fire. No one was harmed during that exchange, police said.
Brown was taken into custody and charged with aggravated assault on a public servant. Charges related to Hawkins' shooting will be referred to the Dallas County Grand Jury, police said.
The difficulty in linking ocean circulation changes to decadal climate variations lies in the fact that long observational records of ocean transports are rare. Measurements such as those of the Florida Current since 198211 and the Greenland–Scotland ridge transports12 since the mid-1990s are some of the longest continuous ocean transport records available. Continuous, full-depth, basin-wide measurements of the Atlantic overturning circulation only began in 2004 with the RAPID monitoring project at 26° N (ref. 13). None of these records are long enough to directly link ocean circulation with decadal climate variations such as the AMO.
Sea-level measurements from tide gauges provide an integrated measure of water column properties and offer timeseries of sufficient length (Extended Data Fig. 1) to study decadal ocean circulation variations. Investigating ocean circulation using tide gauges is not new: the first attempt to estimate the Gulf Stream using tide gauges was made in 193814. The principle is based on geostrophic dynamics: on timescales longer than a few days, ocean circulation is in geostrophic balance so, looking downstream, the sea level is seen to increase from left to right in the Northern Hemisphere.
Estimates of the Gulf Stream using tide gauges have focused on the American east coast, with an offshore estimate of sea level from either an island gauge15 or a reconstructed sea level16. A weakness of this method is that the offshore measurement lies in the eddy-filled ocean where sea-level fluctuations at any one point are influenced by mesoscale variations17 even on long timescales, increasing the difficulty of making estimates of ocean circulation that are coherent on large spatial scales. This is the case for sea level at Bermuda, whose decadal fluctuations can be reproduced by considering a Rossby wave response to wind forcing16. To make estimates of ocean circulation that capture the fluctuations in large-scale circulation and are less affected by eddy variability, measurements close to or on the western boundary are necessary18. We account for this by focusing on the gradient of sea level along the US east coast. Here the mean dynamic sea level decreases to the north (Fig. 1a) due to the transition from subtropical to subpolar gyres. This dynamic gradient reflects a circulation that contains elements not only of the Gulf Stream but also of cold, subpolar water from the north, primarily associated with the overturning circulation19. Indeed, in model simulations, this meridional gradient of sea level along this coast responds strongly to declines in the Atlantic overturning circulation20. Ultimately, it is the heat transport that we are interested in. And while the overturning circulation carries about 90% of the heat at subtropical latitudes21, ocean heat transport at the latitude of the intergyre region consists of similar contributions from both the overturning circulation and the gyre circulation22. For this reason, we do not discuss separately overturning and gyre but only ocean circulation in this intergyre region, which contains elements of both mechanisms.
Figure 1: Dynamic sea level and circulation along the western Atlantic seaboard. a, Negative (positive) mean dynamic topography contours in blue (red) indicate cyclonic (anticyclonic) geostrophic streamlines. Contour values in metres shown in Fig. 2. The zero contour (dark blue) marks the boundary between the subtropical and subpolar gyres. Hatched areas indicate warm sea surface temperature anomalies of greater than 0.5 °C during the positive phase of the AMO from 1995–2004 relative to from 1961–2012. b, c, Dynamic sea-level anomalies north (b; sites 7–30, +200 mm offset) and south (c; sites 1–6, −200 mm offset) of Cape Hatteras, with averages in black. d, The difference in sea level, southern minus northern average, defines our sea-level index for ocean circulation. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
Download Excel source data
Sea-level fluctuations from Florida to Boston divide into two coherent groups either side of Cape Hatteras23 (Extended Data Figs 2, 3). This large-scale coherence in sea level is driven by ocean circulation. North of Cape Hatteras, coherent sea-level fluctuations have been linked with fluctuations in the overturning circulation19,24. South of Cape Hatteras, fluctuations in the Gulf Stream from Florida to Cape Hatteras are reflected in sea-level fluctuations. As Cape Hatteras marks the boundary between the subtropical and subpolar gyres on this coastline (Fig. 1a), we can construct a single sea-level composite representative of the subtropical (subpolar) circulation by averaging sea level from linearly detrended, deseasonalized tide gauges, with the inverse barometer effect removed, south (north) of the Cape (Fig. 1b, c). The difference, south minus north (Fig. 1d), represents our circulation index. This index projects onto observed surface velocities during the satellite era in the intergyre region, with a positive index associated with more northwards flow and a more northerly path of this circulation (Extended Data Fig. 4). Similarly, in a high-resolution ocean model, over timescales that contain both the cool phase of the AMO in the 1970s25 and the warm phase of the 1990s26, the sea-level index projects onto a similar pattern of circulation, with a positive index associated with more northward heat transport (Extended Data Fig. 5).
Ocean circulation is proportional to heat transport at both subtropical and subpolar latitudes22. A number of recent studies (see, for example, ref. 27) have emphasized the dominant role of ocean heat transport in heat content changes, relating the accumulation (in time) of heat transport to heat content. This suggests that the accumulation of our sea-level index across Cape Hatteras, as a proxy for ocean circulation, can be related to ocean heat content. The largest AMO signal is in the subpolar region (Fig. 1a), so we wish to show that, as a measure of ocean circulation, our sea-level index is related to heat transport into the subpolar gyre and consequently heat content changes there. Such a mechanism is supported by our model, in which the sea-level index leads the heat transport into the subpolar gyre at 40° N and, consequently, leads the heat content changes there (Extended Data Fig. 6).
Although we do not have observations of heat transport, we can relate our sea-level index directly to the heat content changes in the subpolar gyre since 1960. Figure 2a shows the accumulated sea-level index (blue curve), together with a direct estimate of the heat content in the area in the depth-weighted temperature anomaly in the top 500 m between 40° N and 60° N (black line). Heat content trends are similar throughout the upper 1,000 m of the Atlantic, below which they reverse due to the depth structure of the Atlantic overturning circulation. The cool subpolar upper ocean of the 1970s and 1980s and subsequent warming in the 1990s is captured by the accumulated sea-level index, observationally supporting the hypothesis that circulation changes and not only air–sea fluxes were involved in these changes28. For the purposes of statistical analyses, the timeseries have had a 7-year low-pass, Tukey filter applied to them, which is referred to by the prefix ‘7-year' from here on. The 7-year sea-level index leads the 7-year rate of heat content change by 2 years with a maximum correlation of 0.58 (significant at the 95% level). The reason that the accumulated sea-level index leads the large rise in heat content from 40° N to 60° N in the early 1990s can be interpreted by looking at maps of the heat content anomaly evolution. Heat content builds downstream of the intergyre region from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s (Fig. 2b). This heat content anomaly is then observed downstream in the subpolar gyre in the late 1990s and early 2000s (Fig. 2c), indicating that the sea-level index could provide an early indication of subpolar heat content change.
Figure 2: Relating the sea-level circulation index to heat content changes. a, Accumulated sea-level index (nominally, in mm month) derived from accumulating the sea-level circulation index (blue), temperature anomaly in the upper 500 m of the subpolar North Atlantic from 40° to 60° N (black) and accumulated NAO (red, dashed). b, Average temperature anomaly in the top 500 m for the periods 1985–94 relative to the average from 1958–2010. Contours of mean dynamic topography (metres) defined in Fig. 1a are overlaid for reference. c, Same as b but for the period 1995–2004. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
The first mode of atmospheric variability over the North Atlantic, the North Atlantic Oscillation (NAO), forces both buoyancy and wind-driven ocean circulation7 and, we believe, is the major forcing of the circulation in the intergyre region. The 7-year NAO is significantly correlated with (r = 0.71 at the 98% level) and leads the 7-year sea-level difference by approximately 1 year over the period 1950 to 2012. On extending the time period to 1920–2012, the correlation drops slightly but is still significantly correlated (r = 0.61 at the 98% level, Extended Data Fig. 7). The correlation between the sea-level difference and the NAO is higher and more significant than the correlation of the NAO with either the southern or northern sea-level (Fig. 1b, c) composites (r = −0.5 at the 86% level for the southern composite; r = −0.43 at the 70% level for the northern); this supports our hypothesis that the NAO forces the ocean circulation and consequently the ocean heat transport into the subpolar gyre.
In the past 90 years, the AMO has undergone three major transitions: warming in the mid-1990s and 1920s, and a cooling in the 1960s. From the early-1920s, when the tide gauge network along the east coast of North America was developed, robust comparisons of our sea-level index to the AMO are possible (Fig. 3). The accumulated sea-level index and the accumulated NAO are linearly detrended and capture much of the multi-decadal variation. The 7-year sea-level index leads the 7-year rate of change of the AMO by 2 years and is significantly correlated (r = 0.51, significant at the 96% level, Extended Data Fig. 8). This lead time of 2 years remains consistent when the timeseries is broken into 60-year blocks (Extended Data Table 2). In recent years, the sea-level index (Fig. 1d) indicates that the AMO is again transitioning to a negative phase, consistent with observations of a reduced overturning circulation8.
Figure 3: Sea-level circulation index, the NAO and the AMO on multi-decadal timescales. Shown are the accumulated sea-level index (blue), which is representative of subpolar heat content evolution, the accumulated NAO (red, dashed) and the AMO (black). The heat content proxy and the accumulated NAO have been normalized. All timeseries have been 7-year low-pass filtered. The accumulated sea-level index and accumulated NAO have been detrended. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
Download Excel source data
Using the sea-level difference between subtropical and subpolar gyres, we have developed and validated a proxy for ocean circulation in the intergyre region. This represents a mechanism for ocean heat transport to the subpolar gyre and heat content changes there. When observations exist, heat content changes have coincided with the major phase transitions of the AMO, confirming that ocean circulation plays a key role in decadal Atlantic variability. The ocean responds to NAO forcing with changes in ocean circulation: on decadal timescales, the ocean integrates NAO forcing and returns it to the atmosphere as the AMO. This is implicitly the Bjerknes compensation that had previously been seen in air–sea fluxes29. The sea-level difference provides an indicator of ocean circulation changes that precede phase changes in the AMO, thus explaining why, as the positive AMO declines4, sea-level rise is accelerating north of Cape Hatteras9,10. While Greenland ice sheet melt has been linked with accelerating sea-level rise in recent years, the fact that the period of accelerated sea-level rise from the 1950s to the 1970s10 (as well as the current period of sea-level rise) coincides with a declining AMO indicates that multi-decadal fluctuations in ocean circulation play a key role. In this framework, sea-level rise along the US east coast becomes entwined with the effects of the AMO on climate.
As mentioned in previous weeks, our work on the Mutable Data integration with a view to releasing the next testnet continues. About 50% of resource is focussed client-side, while the rest of the team work on supporting Alpha 3 (node ageing, data chains and increasing the scope for running Vaults from home).
SAFE Authenticator & API
Through the course of this week, we have been updating the APIs and testing them. Although the majority of the APIs are stable and tested, we did spot a couple of issues and inconsistencies in terms of API usage with Mutable Data. There is an issue with deleting keys from Mutable Data. Other than that, the private Mutable Data API expects the keys to be encrypted before fetching the data, but it is not the case while saving the key and value. We are discussing a better approach to maintain consistency in terms of the API usage. @nbaksalyar is helping out with these fixes from the Rust side and we will be updating the APIs to reflect the fixes. Basic crypto helper functions are now exposed from safe_app and the same must be exposed from safe_app_nodejs.
We have also been testing the applications using the mock network and it does seem to be far more stable than previous iterations, which is very reassuring. While some known issues are addressed, we will be carrying out some regression testing with the apps and we'll update the API documentation once these issues are resolved.
@Kumar has been a lone warrior battling with JNI and JNR. JNI samples seem to work on desktop and also on Android. He is trying to troubleshoot the JNR issue with Android. If he finds some positive results with JNR in the upcoming week, it would be really helpful in terms of maintenance and integration.
SAFE Client Libs & Crust
The Mutable Data PR is undergoing more review. The dev branch of safe_client_libs has already implemented and tested Mutable Data against the mock routing and mock vaults. We decided to run the tests with actual routing and vault's Mutable Data branch, and the extensive test cases in safe_client_libs helped us find a few inconsistencies and bugs in both vaults and safe_client_libs. Some bugs in safe_vault were caught by safe_client_libs tests and a few in safe_client_libs were caught by the corresponding correct code in vaults.
safe_client_libs and frontend integration continues smoothly. We have added a crypto module to help the frontend not have to go to sodium package integration as that could be less secure but more importantly was conflicting with the versions of libraries used. Tapping straight into libsodium via safe_app dynamic library is also not very friendly so we just added FFI interface and helpers to the Rust code itself.
Routing & Vault
The first part of simplifying the node names has been merged.
The missing checks to avoid adding unauthorised nodes to the routing table have been added.
Thanks to the fake clock, we are now able to do some cleanups in our test code and make it more realistic. No explicit “now assume everything timed out” anymore!
The next step of the data chains proposal is currently being internally discussed and it will be published when it's ready, while the routing design team is also looking into the details of node ageing.
Around 60,000 people registered to vote in the Labour leadership contest have been blocked, Harriet Harman has indicated despite the party kicking out just 3,000 infiltrators so far.
The acting Labour leader suggested the final size of the electorate could be as low as half a million, meaning tens of thousands of people could still be prevented from voting.
It comes as Ms Harman said the party will consider introducing new checks to root out Labour's opponents who had signed up after pressure from Jeremy Corbyn 's rivals for more to be done.
She also admonished Tories and other party supporters for attempting to enter the ballot despite not voting for Labour, saying they were neither “funny not clever” for doing so.
Asked how many voters will ultimately be approved to vote, Ms Harman said: “It will be fewer than 600,000. It will be over half a million.”
Asked how many has so far been blocked, Ms Harman said: “We are up to about 3,000 now but the process is underway, so we expect it to [find] more as it goes along.
“Obviously a number of people find they can't vote because they are not on the electoral register – which is in addition to those 3,000 – but about 3,000 have been ruled ineligible.
“I would emphasise that it's not Labour Party staff doing this, it is actually a panel of the national executive committee, who are people elected on to the national executive committee.”
She was speaking after a face-to–face meeting with all four candidates and their teams after a hustings in Stevenage.
Ms Harman's suggestion that the electorate could drop to half a million means anywhere between 10,000 and 110,000 people who registered could ultimately be barred from voting by the time of the final result.
However over the last month just 3,000 people have been kicked out among fears they are infiltrators – indicating the party is facing an uphill battle to find those who have slipped under the net.
It came as Andy Burnham led calls for more to be done to block Tories from voting in the leadership election.
The Leigh MP's team want canvass returns from the election to be used to help double-check the allegiance of new joiners and block opponents to Labour - a move supported by Liz Kendall and Yvette Cooper's camps.
• Dan Hodges: Corbyn will be cheered by racists and terrorists
Jeremy Corbyn, however, dismissed the “nonsense” being written about Tory infiltrators and called for more to be done to stop the so-called “purge” of genuine Labour supporters.
“I'm going to be asked how many people are rejected, what is the process for rejection,” he said before the meeting. “If people have been unfairly rejected the think their case should be looked at again."
• Corbyn rivals will demand Labour U-turn over imposters
Asked about Tories registering to vote during the hustings on BBC Radio Five Live, Mr Corbyn said: “Are there Tory infiltrators?”
He added: “"Why are there concerns that the Labour Party is growing? Shouldn't we be pleased about that?"
1 of 1 2 of 1
On my way to work this morning, Metro Vancouver Transit Police officers interrupted my bus ride with a fare check.
Luckily, I had my monthly pass on me, and no one on the bus received a $173 ticket for an unpaid fare. Naturally, I tweeted about the fare check after the bus got rolling again.
Transit Police fare checking the 9 bus westbound near Kingsway. @TransitPolice #translink #vancouver — Stephen Hui (@StephenHui) July 4, 2014
A few hours later, I received a couple of direct messages from Const. Graham Walker, whose Twitter profile identifies him as a community relations and patrol officer with the transit police. As you can see, Walker took issue with my tweet:
Hi Stephen. Not sure why you would want to tell people where we are checking fares. First off, it's not okay to ride for free, we all 1/2 2/2 know about funding, etc. Plus, we remove hundreds of criminals from the system each year after finding them without fare.
Clearly, Walker was attempting to impress upon me the importance of not publicizing the locations of fare checks. However, I'm not convinced.
Ostensibly, the reason for fare checks is more about making people pay—whether or not they can afford it—before getting on transit than it is about punishing those who don't (and are demonized as "fare evaders").
And what's the worst that could happen after tweeting about a fare check? Someone might buy a fare.
So, from now on, I'll be tweeting about every fare check I encounter on the TransLink system.
A cruel April Fools' joke it was not.
Tiger Woods, the 4-time Masters champion and holder of 14 Major titles, will miss the 2014 edition following surgery on a pinched nerve.
The announcement was made on Woods' official website, noting the injury had been bothering the golfer for several months.
"After attempting to get ready for the Masters, and failing to make the necessary progress, I decided, in consultation with my doctors, to have this procedure done," Woods said through his website. He will begin intensive rehabilitation and soft-tissue treatment within the next week. He could begin practicing within a month.
Sad to say I'm missing the Masters. Thanks to the fans for so many kind wishes. http://t.co/Ofbre9VHEL — Tiger Woods (@TigerWoods) April 1, 2014
Woods has suffered numerous injuries over the years, some of which have kept him out of tournaments altogether. He once famously came from behind to win the 2008 U.S. Open -- two days later, Woods underwent knee surgery that kept him out for the rest of the year.
Related: Quicken Loans Wins Big In A Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge
Woods has failed to win a Major title since his 2009 infidelity scandal, but the sport of golf -- not just Tiger Woods -- has also suffered in his absences. According to Nielsen, television ratings have at times dropped dramatically when Woods is either not playing in a PGA Tournament or when not in contention on a tournament's final day.
ESPN, along with Comcast (NASDAQ: CMCSA) subsidiaries Golf Channel and NBC are three of the most prominent broadcasters of golf. Commercials for the Masters, considered the highest prize in the sport's profession, begin airing as early as February for the April tournament. Some have even held conspiracy theories that CBS (NYSE: CBS) bent the rules to let Woods continuing playing in 2013.
Nike (NYSE: NKE) could also suffer, as well. Woods is one of the most recognizable athletes -- and brands -- in the world. His identity is as tied to the Nike brand as anything else, from his clothing apparel to golf balls.
While it's easy to read about web-based vulnerabilities like XSS and SQL injection, it's often difficult to find a hands-on environment to interact with and fully exploit these vulnerabilities. Given the number of security flaws found on the web every day, we've found it very useful to have practical experience with how attackers find and exploit vulnerabilities.
To address this need, we ran a Capture the Flag security challenge earlier this year. We were blown away by the response: people logged in from over 12,000 unique IP addresses, and 250 participants captured the flag.
Next week, we will be hosting our second Capture the Flag contest. Unlike the one we ran in February, which focused on low-level vulnerabilities such as buffer overflows, this CTF will be dedicated to web-based vulnerabilities and exploits. It'll be open to anyone who's interested in trying their hand at exploiting our levels. If you capture the flag, we'll send you a special-edition Stripe CTF t-shirt.
Start: Wednesday, August 22nd, 2012
at 12 noon PDT End: Wednesday, August 29th, 2012
at 12 noon PDT
We hope that the next week will give you time to begin familiarizing yourself with the world of web security, and maybe find a team to work with. The levels will use a variety of web languages, such as JavaScript, PHP, Python, and Ruby. If you'd like to do some reading in advance, the Open Web Application Security Project and Google Browser Security Handbook are great places to start.
Check back here in a week to Capture the Flag!
As a supposed measure of last resort, however, restraints are surprisingly common. A 2007 study in the Journal of Nursing Scholarship estimated that 27,000 patients are restrained every day in U.S. hospitals—an average of five patients per hospital per day.
In some situations, restraints may be ineffective and even harmful. Doctors and nurses often employ restraints when a patient is at risk for falling or delirious. However, evidence suggests that restraints do not reduce one's risk of falling. Likewise, a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association suggested that restraints increase the risk of delirium in the hospital by 4-fold, possibly by increasing patients' levels of anxiety and stress due to involuntary immobilization. Physical restraints and the resulting immobilization they cause are also associated with increased rates of pressure ulcers, respiratory complications—and even death via strangulation and aspiration. Even more disturbingly, a 2006 report by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services concluded that hospitals failed to report more than 40 percent of deaths related to restraints to The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).
Though these statistics may make the ICU seem like an asylum, it is not. The majority of patients I cared for in the ICU never required restraints. And for the others who were confused or agitated, our team could usually avoid restraints by adjusting or prescribing medication.
However, as one of my senior residents confided in me, when caring for the sickest patients in the hospital, restraining a delirious patient might be the only way to devote time to other seriously ill patients. On that busy night during my ICU rotation (which happened before I came to Brigham and Women's Hospital, where I work now), there were other patients suffering from life-threatening infections, failure of multiple organs, or other conditions that put them on the cusp of death. They needed our attention. And yet watching those three patients fighting against their restraints, becoming more delirious with the very devices used to manage their delirium, was one of the most troubling things I witnessed as a medical student.
At its annual meeting this year, the American Geriatrics Society (AGS) released a recommendation that healthcare providers avoid using physical restraints to manage behavioral symptoms of hospitalized delirious adults. Dr. Caroline Vitale, associate professor of medicine at the University of Michigan, presented the recommendation at the AGS Annual Meeting, where she highlighted innovative efforts by some groups to reduce restraint use. Some physicians are using devices, such as shields around IV or central line sites, to protect medical interventions without restricting patient movement. Another hospital is redesigning an entire ward to be “restraint-free” through steps like providing mobility aids in all rooms so that patients can move around safely when they want to.
Being a manager at Google is a bit different from being a manager anywhere else. That's because the company makes nearly all decisions by consensus, explains Kim Scott, the bestselling author of Radical Candor: Be a Kickass Boss Without Losing Your Humanity. Scott once led Adsense and YouTube at Google. These days, the company goes to extreme lengths to make sure no one working at Google tells anyone outside the company anything about what goes on there. But in an interview at the recent Qualtrics Insight Summit, Scott provides a rare inside view of what being a boss at Google is really like.
"Basically, Google stripped away most of the forces of power and control managers have at other companies," she explains. "If you're a manager at Google, you don't get to choose who you hire unilaterally. You don't get to choose who you fire unilaterally. You don't get to choose what ratings people get, which determines the bonuses they get."
So how do these decisions get made? Using "packets" according to Scott. "A group of people would interview a candidate and write an interview packet and give their opinions on whether the person should be hired," she says. This group of interviewers will include the candidates prospective managers, peers, and employees. Scott herself was interviewed by several future direct reports before Google hired her.
Once the interviews are complete, the packets go to a committee. "The hiring manager doesn't get to decide if the person is hired or not," Scott says. "They can sort of bid to get the person on their team, but the person who's hired could choose to be on another team."
Nor can managers prevent anyone currently on their team from moving on to another job at Google. In fact, this very thing happened to Scott. "When I joined Google, I had five people reporting to me," Scott says. "In the first week, three of them took other jobs at Google."
Managers have even less power over whether or not to promote employees. "Especially in engineering, it's really interesting," Scott says. "The employee puts their hand up and says, 'I'm ready to be promoted.' The manager can advise, but even if the manager says, 'I think you're not ready,' the employee can still get a packet together. It's harder to do it without your manager's help, but you could."
Or, if the manager approves of the promotion, he or she can help the employee prepare a packet, assisting in obtaining recommendations from others in support of the promotion. At the end of this process, there's a promotion packet. "That goes to a committee," Scott says. "The person's manager is not on the committee and the committee decides yes or no."
This all might sound complicated, but it's very good for Google, Scott says. For example, because of the promotion packet process, "there are very few unfair promotions."
It also makes for better working relationships throughout the company. "The way you are an effective manager is you have to have good relationships," she says. "Taking unilateral power away from managers allows good relationships to exist. There's nothing worse for a relationship than an imbalance of power."
Will this kind of approach work for every company and every group of employees? Maybe not. But there's a lesson here for every boss. The more decisions are made by consensus, the better relationships, and the more collaborative your culture will be.
CLOSE Miles Scott is a 5-year-old whose leukemia is in remission. The Make-A-Wish Foundation sponsored the comic book fan to dress up as Batkid and fight crime around San Francisco, which was transformed into Gotham City for the day.
Police escort 5-year-old leukemia survivor Miles Scott, also known as Batkid, and Batman after they "arrest" the Riddler Nov. 15, 2013 in San Francisco. (Photo11: Ramin Talaie, Getty Images) Story Highlights 5-year-old Miles Scott was diagnosed with leukemia when he was 18 months old
7,000 people have been involved in making his day
Make-A-Wish has fulfilled similar wishes across the country
SAN FRANCISCO — The day dawned blue and warm. Perfect weather for a robbery. Or so the Penguin thought.
Saving the day while raising the spirits of a major U.S. city was pint-sized Miles Scott, 5. Miles is in remission from leukemia, and, thanks to the Make-A-Wish Foundation, managed to turn his obsession with comic book heroes into the real thing. Well, almost. There was no way Penguin was going to get away with anything on Friday.
Thousands of San Franciscans responded to an avalanche of social media blasts, lining the streets wherever Miles and a full-sized Batman swooped into action. At Hyde and Green streets, there was a damsel in distress to rescue, and the bat duo arrived in a Lamborghini with Batman decals. At 550 Montgomery St., a burgled bank vault needed to be liberated. And at Union Square, there was a hamburger to down.
HOLY BIPARTISANSHIP, BATMAN: Obama, politicos root for Batkid to save the day
"This just restores your faith in humanity," said Carmen Kiew, 30, a sports blogger who sat on the steps of Union Square with a handmade sign that read "Gotham's Hero."
"I love that this city came together for a little kid who has been so brave," Kiew said. "Between the police and everyday citizens who felt it was important to show their support, it just makes you feel great."
Behind Kiew, thousands of citizens of Gotham-for-the-Day held up camera phones as they awaited the bat-eared duo's arrival. The bat pair took a lunch break inside Macy's before heading to AT&T Park to foil the Penguin once and for all, and then — of course — would show up at City Hall to get the key to the city from San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee.
Every other T-shirt on Friday seemed to sport the famous Batman logo in support of Miles; some were simply hand-drawn with markers, while others were official Batkid tees, which were sold by uniformed police officers at $20 a pop, with all proceeds going to the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
Union Square - or should I say Gotham Square - packed with Batkid fans. #batkidsf@USATODAYpic.twitter.com/ip8olC3P3l — Marco della Cava (@marcodellacava) November 15, 2013
"That poor little kid," said Daniela Vilchis-Lent, 18, who came from Oakland with five relatives, some as young as 2, to cheer Batkid on. "If my taking a little time to be here helps him, then I'm glad to do it."
By all accounts, the groundswell of civic support even caught Make-A-Wish by surprise. When a local social marketing company reached out a few weeks ago, asking what the foundation's plan was to spread the word about Miles, "They honestly didn't have a plan and were happy for the help," says Stefania Pomponi, founder of the Clever Girls Collective.
Pomponi and her staff promptly contacted Twitter, which provided the @SFBatKid handle. Then things blew up, in the way that online viruses can.
"It wasn't long before we were getting e-mails and tweets from all over the world, people saying that they were so glad they could participate in this event thanks to social media," said Pomponi. "It's been amazing. It's truly developed a life of its own."
Miles, who lives in Tulelake in far Northern California, was diagnosed with leukemia when he was 18 months old, ended treatments in June and is now in remission.
His father, Nick Scott, thanked the Greater Bay Area Make-A-Wish Foundation and the estimated 7,000 people who were helping make his son's wish come true.
"All the doctors, nurses and all the other parents that have to deal with the same thing we're going through. I hope they get a conclusion to their illnesses like we're getting," Nick Scott told KGO-TV.
Make-A-Wish has fulfilled similar wishes across the country. In Anaheim, a child became Batman's sidekick, Robin; and in Seattle a child was a secret agent, said Jen Wilson, a spokeswoman for the local organization.
By the time Batkid, wearing a movie-ready mini-Caped Crusader costume, showed up at City Hall after saving San Francisco Giants mascot Lou Seal from the clutches of his nemesis, the gathered masses could not contain their excitement. Thousands roared as Scott made his up onto a platform; his even smaller brother was, fittingly, dressed as Robin. Everywhere, nothing but a sea of people with arms raised, cell phones in hand.
"Today, November 15, 2013, is Batkid day forever," said Mayor Lee, as Scott chomped away on gum in front of a faux front page of the Gotham City Chronicle, whose headline blared, "Batkid Saves City". "You won our hearts with your story ... it's been a day of magic."
The mayor then cautioned Batkid that even though he'd soon be returning to his home, "we might need to have to signal for your help."
A little recuperation might be in order first. A planned interview with Batkid was scotched at the last minute, with a member of the Batkid retinue explaining that the five-year-old was hitting his wall. It seems even superheroes need a nap.
The Associated Press contributed to this article.
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/HV4PWw
The Videogame Industry's Invisible Workforce: Part 1
David Wolinsky Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 28, 2016
How A Conspiracy Of Silence Erased A Medium's Humanity
A Special Report from Don't Die
Reported and Written by David Wolinsky
Edited by Scott Gordon
Note: As editing was finishing on this series, announcement of the SAG-AFTRA videogame voice actor's strike came out. This is one part of the game industry's labor force showing unrest.
This piece was written over the course of 2015 and 2016. Many major outlets expressed interest in publishing this, but ultimately backed away.
The videogame industry is bad at reaching mainstream audiences. It sounds like a cocky Buddhist koan, but one need only search the internet for a few Googles to see the game industry has not coexisted with the mainstream scrutiny and journalistic probing other entertainment industries have known for decades. Whereas film writing began in academic journals, videogame “journalism” and criticism began in enthusiast publications like Nintendo Power, where software companies and publishers kept information about products on a strict IV drip as prescribed by marketing plans. The dynamic hasn't historically existed for picking up phones, chasing down leads, and taking scalpels to big systemic problems in the industry.
As your cursory Googles can tell you, for the last few decades the totality of what gets written and thought about videogames has tended to be: “Are they any good? Who should you buy them for? When are they coming out?” As a result the games industry, media, and large portions of its audience have been complicit in blotting out and not thinking about an entire workforce, rendering it largely invisible.
Cinema and TV have numerous unions, oftentimes for specialized fields within each respective process. Videogames, with the exception of voice actors and a few writers, have no unions at all. They straddle the entertainment world and the far less union-friendly tech world. Employers treat videogames work as software development, while media and the broader culture treat them as entertainment. Virtually all conversations about the state of the industry and how to improve it, therefore, don't start on equal footing. They may as well be in different languages.
The closest thing the game industry workforce has to a governing body is the International Game Developers Association, which considers itself an advocacy group and professional association. It does not have collective bargaining power. Its job isn't to change working conditions but, as its executive director Kate Edwards explains, “to promote professional development in communities for game developers worldwide through education.”
Edwards says workers in the game industry sometimes seek help from her organization as though it were a union, but the most they can do for those workers is raise issues of concern. The IGDA's effectiveness is somewhat tainted: It makes “a certain percentage of money from studio affiliates,” as Edward acknowledges. That means pushing for meaningful change presents a conflict of interest.
Kenji Ono, IGDA's chapter coordinator for Japan, is more blunt, saying his organization has had “no victories.” “Unfortunately, we don't have much power in the game industry,” Ono says. “I think we need our own budgets.”
When anecdotes surface about internal memos at a major company telling female employees to honor all orders given by male superiors and be unquestioningly subservient because “men have been in the workforce longer,” all that happens is cringing, complying, and looking for work elsewhere. If you think parts of the audience for videogames are toxic: so are many of the companies.
Unions have been discussed in the industry before, though seldom in actionable or public ways. Marie-Josée Legault, professor of labor relations at ESA-Teluq with University of Quebec and Johanna Weststar, associate professor in the department of management and organizational studies at Western University gave a presentation at GDC in 2015 titled “Do Game Developers Want a Union?” According to their findings, 64 percent of industry workers polled said that, yes, they do want a union, but didn't know how to start organizing.
In 2014, famed game designer Raph Koster and 30-year game industry veteran Greg Costikyan held a panel at IndieCade discussing sustainable business models for independent developers — people who make games on their own, not employed by a game company — and Rochdale cooperatives were discussed as one possible solution. Those are arrangements in which consumers are organized into buying groups to purchase from a collectively owned wholesaler, who would then gradually help these buying clubs convert their operations into retail outlets by supplying management, inventory, and capital. Disagreements about charting out a future path aren't inherently destructive, but because the industry has been moving fast since its inception, it creates a landscape where people don't even know what targets to aim at. It's just that all this is compounded by the industry's strange way of giving the mainstream the slip.
This is what happens when an industry has been allowed to grow and grow for so long without scrutiny or outside pressures: Everyone's pulling in different directions, even when they agree.
“Unionizing is hard even under the most favorable conditions,” Weststar says via email. “The climate in the US in particular is not very labor-friendly. It is harder in tech industries because there is no starting point and no culture of unionization. In fact, the culture is quite anti-union. People have an impression that unions will somehow stifle the creative impulses of the industry. What it would stifle are the work practices that cause burnout in the name of the creative process.”
Because the videogame industry also shares DNA with the tech industry, it too is plagued with the types of exploitative conditions The New York Times exposed in its “Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace” piece from last summer. Kathryn Greenbaum, who worked for Rockstar Games as a motion-capture artist and has since quit the industry, sums up what it was like crunching on Grand Theft Auto V: “I had a lot of friends that when I came out of [time-crunching on the game] and started seeing people again were like, ‘Oh, we thought you had just moved to LA and hadn't told anyone.' Like, a lot of people thought I had just moved because I had disappeared.” She hadn't. She had just been working.
This is not unique to videogames, but often in games, life and work become one thing. It's not uncommon to sleep in the office, lose touch with friends, or forget what day it is. The attitude of “you're lucky to be here” is the reward.
This, still, is nothing new. Rewind to 2004, when the wife of an EA employee posted a powderkeg of an essay documenting how her husband was sacrificing his health to work on their games. The essay had little impact in the long run.
“EA made a few changes to their policies,” Weststar says. “But there is a broad sense that not much has changed officially.”
Dr. Greg Zeschuk, whose company BioWare was sold to Electronic Arts in 2007, says while it's tempting to draw conclusions about major game publishers or studios based on anecdotes like these, there's more to it: “It's really funny because people have this kind of negative view of EA, but within a company there's a lot of good stuff going on and then there'd be an island of horror and everyone goes, ‘Oh my God, what's going on over there?' Whereas the other 10 studios are doing great and doing really good work… it's those really dumb managers in that particular studio that were bad at messaging, bad at managing work/life balance, and common sense didn't apply.” Still, Zeschuk remembers the level of project management at EA was “pretty shoddy” when BioWare was first bought by them.
In 2010, another anonymous post similar to the EA one, this time by anonymous spouses of employees of Rockstar San Diego was published online, detailing 12-hour days six days a week, pay cuts, and limited vacation time.
Edwards says there was a time in the early '90s up to the mid-2000's where Microsoft was “very much like the picture described in the Amazon article… but in Microsoft's case, they eventually changed and matured.” This is contradicted by a creative director who worked on recent Halo titles for Microsoft and preferred to stay anonymous who asked me, “Why aren't we talkin' unions?” As Edwards correctly points out, “Crunch mode is like in other industries, though they usually call it poor project management.”
But just because it's typical doesn't mean it's normal and doesn't mean it should be the norm.
Other industries remotely like this have unions. They understand creativity is not some manna from heaven, but rather a resource like any other that can be managed and regulated. That you should treat your people like, well, human beings.
Margaret Heffernan, an author of business-analysis books like A Bigger Prize: Why Competition isn't Everything and How We Do Better and Willful Blindness: Why We Ignore the Obvious at Our Peril, says that what surprises her most about the game industry is its “failure to recognize talent and how you actually treat people. [That] has quite a big impact on what you're able to do. If you think of the analogy in between, say, the games business and movies, people do understand in the movie business you have to look after your talent, and that's why they pay stupid money for it. I was amazed the game industry doesn't do that. It doesn't even think of doing it, as far as I can see.”
Heffernan adds that the game industry “suffers from many, many misapprehensions about what talent is, what it looks like, how it behaves, and how you identify it.”
David Wolinsky is the creator and moderator of Don't Die, an oral history intended to paint the videogame culture and industry around it onto a broader canvas. Support his Patreon and follow him on Twitter @davidwolinsky.
“Things will get more violent if we go now. We will wait for dawn to break.”
This piece was originally published on July 14, 2016.
"They are shooting above waists, right in the chest and sometimes in the head ... this hospital is a war-zone.”
These were the words spoken to me by a doctor at Soura Hospital in Srinagar where I am currently volunteering. At the time, a boy had been brought in from Qaimoh, a town south of Srinagar. His body had been sprayed with pellets and his right eye was punctured. I barely managed to hold my tears as he lay there writhing in pain.
The doctor said he would not be able to see from one eye anymore: his pupil had been pierced by the pellet shell.
Pellet guns are supposed to be ‘non-lethal', but in Kashmir, even a jackboot can take away people's lives.
On the third day of the siege, the Internet is still shut. Phone lines in South Kashmir are barred, 25 people have been brutally killed, and many hundreds injured.
In-Depth: The pursuit of Kashmir
In the midst of all this chaos, Kashmiris have again attested to their steely-will. At the hospital, volunteers from the neighbourhood are running a soup kitchen for the stranded. Started by local mohalla committees, they serve meals three times a day and tea in between.
Localities near the hospital have pitched in their supplies: sacks of rice, pulses and water. Hundreds of people have lined up to donate blood. There are dozens of volunteers around, taking in the injured and comforting the victims' families.
A woman on a stretcher is brought in and taken straight to the emergency ward. She was injured in Sopore, a town in the Barmulla district. As soon as we take a break from tending to her, another casualty arrives. This one is also from Baramulla — the hospital door seems to be welcoming an endless caravan.
Volunteers at the soup kitchen stay on their toes. “Nobody should stay hungry,” they remind us. “Some of the injured don't have their families along, so we must stay with them.”
A teenager, 15 years old, has succumbed to his injuries. By now, it is dark, and the bloodletting outside has not stopped. The sound of tear gas shots being fired splits through the eerie silence. The dead boy's friends decide to stay with him for the night; they will take his body home in the morning.
“Things will get more violent if we go now. We will wait for dawn to break.”
Ambulances standing outside have shattered windows. Attendants describe the horrors they've seen, passing through the monstrosity of Indian forces. They've been heckled, threatened and abused. But they managed to make their way back to the hospital.
A woman breaks down every time the injured are brought in. “They are my own.”
Read next: A Kashmiri's view: Is the Indian soldiers' sentencing a good sign?
At the hospital, doctors work relentlessly, not even stopping for a moment. I ask one medic to speak to journalists. He scolds me, “You can see we are busy! There are firearm injuries, nobody has the time for this.”
I leave the hospital to catch a breath. An old friend from school joins me, telling stories of the dead. It's getting dark and I want to make it home. My phone shows 15 missed calls from my mother.
Indian paramilitary soldiers stop a Kashmiri woman during curfew in Srinagar. —AP
As we get ready to leave, a police van appears out of nowhere. For fear of being detained, people flee the area. The van opens and a man gets inside — perhaps an informer. He had been recording the names of the injured, and noting down their addresses. I fear for them... would they be 'dealt with' later on?
Protests erupt and people jump fences. They hurl stones at a policeman. An old man screams, "Our sons have taken bullets. How dare they enter inside!"
Even the hospitals aren't safe.
As soon as the van leaves, two more ambulances come in. Two more bodies with bullets from the police.
From another corner, the song of freedom resounds at a high pitch. Someone is singing Azaadi, the song we all know. Another ambulance screeches in with the injured.
I wonder when this night will end.
Till yesterday, the death toll has risen to 34. The count of injured people has hit 1,500. I visit another hospital. An injured paramilitary troop is brought in, and everyone is wondering what has happened.
I meet an old man. He tells me he has been beaten with a stick and he cannot walk.
A 24-year-old girl is shot; the pellet piercing her spinal cord has left her paralysed.
In the corner of Ward 16, a 10-year-old boy lays on the bed, watching volunteers swarming the room with food and drink. The pellets are still inside him. There are hundreds like him.
Most of them will carry the pellets inside their bodies for the rest of their lives because the damage is too deep in their organs.
The boy's brother has fallen asleep sitting on a chair nearby. For many, the nights have become longer and darker than ever before.
A Kashmiri youth with an eye injury sits in a hospital after being hit by pellets fired by Indian security forces during a protest in Srinagar. —AFP
In another ward, a woman runs in swiftly, "Kati tchum theek" [He's not fine].
Her son's agony is unbearable. His father comforts her, saying he will be better. Both parents run to their son.
Will this nightmare end?
In the morning, as I leave my house for the hospital, I ask the young volunteers collect supplies from neighbours for the soup kitchen in Soura. They grab their gunny bags and start going from door to door. Along with the kids is an Indian migrant worker. He holds the gunny bag open as people start pouring rice inside, cup by cup.
Outside the hospital, hundreds of volunteers remain stationed. Young and old reaching hospitals while breaking curfew in their locality. Many of them have donated blood, and some haven't slept in days. Others give out free medicines or volunteer at soup kitchens; they carry the wounded on bloody stretchers and comfort the injured with conversation.
They define what it means to be a Kashmiri.
Small kids walk to the blood bank to donate their blood, but are deemed too young.
Our hearts mourn but we do not give up. We have been there in those cold winter nights when our bodies were made to crawl on the snow. We have been there in those tiring crackdowns. We have been there in those long marches holding out drinks to the people. We have been there giving out tehar to the hungry when their houses were set on fire. We have been there when our youngsters were massacred. We have been there to rescue them from the barbarity of this occupation. We were there when the floods wreaked havoc in our homes. We are here now.
We are the state when the state fails.
In these moments, amid the sounds of screeching pellets and laboured breathing, we witness what it takes to be a free people. A feeling of brotherhood unites us all, in a common dedication to the cause of freedom — a collaboration is sifted from aspirations.
Today, at this hospital, I am a proud Kashmiri, more than I ever was before. This is who we are; this is our spirit, unconquerable.
We absolutely love WordPress, and we've pressed tens of thousands of words about why. But this article is here to help you understand what WordPress—or any content management system (CMS)—simply can't do for you.
WordPress Can't Build Your Site for You
It's partly true that you can simply load WordPress with a theme and some content, and you've got a site; but there are a few complexities there.
Loading your site up with “some content” is a lot easier to say than to do.
First, loading your site up with “some content” is a lot easier to say than to do. You can spend literally years collecting, creating, polishing, and organizing that content. At a minimum, if it's going to be good, you'll probably need to spend many hours on each of those tasks. If you're really looking to sweat the details and make a site that serves precisely the personal or business need you have, dozens of hours is quite reasonable as an estimate.
The other bit of complexity that's easy to gloss over is that you usually can't depend on a stock WordPress theme to work exactly the way you want your site to. Chances are good that it'll need some tweaking—even if only the most modest amount—to really serve your needs. Again, there's no need to demand absolute perfection, but “minor theme customizations” are a very common juncture where a supposedly short project becomes significantly bigger and more complicated.
WordPress Can't Get Your Site Discovered
WordPress is designed to output a cleanly marked-up version of your site, just like you'd want Google to see; but there's much more to SEO and online marketing than that.
WordPress folks (developers, for example) may try to throw you off the scent here, by talking about how WordPress has “SEO out of the box.” They aren't lying: WordPress is designed to output a cleanly marked-up version of your site, just like you'd want Google to see. But that's only a small part of the journey to actually getting your content discovered by real people—be they fan, customers, consumers, or readers.
So even the best content, marked up in the absolute best way for Google, is not going to automatically get you hundreds of rabid fans. Nor is your content going to rank in search without some amount of attention and interest from the outside world, which is Google's primary way of determining search rankings in the first place.
So you need to find ways to attract eyeballs, and WordPress won't do that for you out of the box. A pretty WordPress theme can encourage the eyeballs that happen by to stick around and spend money, but the real work of marketing belongs to you, the site owner.
WordPress Can't Make Your Business Work
It's tempting to think that you can just get WordPress humming along, and suddenly your business will be completely effortless and self-contained inside of it. Just about nothing could be further from the truth.
It's tempting to think that you can just get WordPress humming along, and suddenly your business will be completely effortless and self-contained inside of it. Just about nothing could be further from the truth.
Let's take an example: an e-commerce site. It's really tempting to think that you just need to combine WordPress and WooCommerce, and your little shop will just hum along with minimal intervention from you.
First, as we've covered, you'll need to have working marketing, likely involving content creation, social media engagement, and real in-person relationship building.
Then you've got shipping, inventory control, pricing strategy, promotions, customer support, returns, and so on—the actual meat-and-potatoes work of running a retail business, online or not. WordPress and WooCommerce just make these things possible; they don't remotely begin to absolve you from doing the work yourself.
WordPress Can't Make the Web Dead-Simple
Most WordPress plugins are designed by the engineers that built them, and it shows.
WordPress has loads of quick-feature wins through its more than 30,000 plugins. When they're well-built, well-designed, and work properly, they really can make your life easy.
But let's not kid ourselves. Most WordPress plugins (and, arguably, WordPress core software itself), were designed by the engineers that built them, and it shows. They're intended to be run by people with at least a little technical savvy, so if you're scared of your computer, it's very likely that even the most popular and usable CMS in the world (that would be WordPress) will still baffle you from time to time.
Relatedly, WordPress won't save you from the immense complexity lurking outside its core role: publishing and displaying content. WordPress is extensible to a degree; for example, it can be coerced, by a lot of very smart people, into working as a pretty usable online store. After all, what's an online store but publishing and displaying a lot of products, and then (the tricky part) letting people buy them?
However, as you go further afield from WordPress's core mission, the oases of WordPress easiness become less and less frequent. Eventually (say, if you're building Airbnb from the ground up), WordPress is actually a hindrance to you, and you're 100% in the realm of smart people being paid lots of money to think about hard problems.
In Conclusion…
We love WordPress, with all our hearts. But no one can be all things to all people, except Beyoncé. WordPress is great, but it's no Beyoncé, and the clearer we are on that, the more we can love WordPress for what it is.
Thanks for reading. Agree with our assessment about WordPress's limitations? Or disagree? We'd love to hear from you in the comments below!
In a unanimous vote, the Hamilton School Board decided to approve Superintendent Bryan Johnson's building proposal Thursday night. (Image: WTVC)
In a unanimous vote, the Hamilton School Board decided to approve Superintendent Bryan Johnson's building proposal Thursday night.
Many parents we spoke to were unhappy about the decision - some even in tears.
The plan means means students at Chattanooga School for the Liberal Arts (CSLA) will not get a brand-new building like they hoped for. Instead, they will move into a renovated Tyner Middle School.
The students at Tyner Middle will move in with the students at Tyner High.
The decision comes after Mayor Coppinger's property tax increase was passed, $100 million of which is going towards area schools.
Tyner's building renovations are set to start in December.
CSLA will move in by August 2021. Tyner Middle and High schools will combine in January 2020.
You can watch the entire school board meeting here:
US Secretary of State John Kerry did not approve Housing and Construction Minister Uri Ariel's plan to build 1,400 new housing units over the Green Line, a US official in Washington said Tuesday, notwithstanding a statement to the contrary by Ariel.
“Our position on settlements has not changed, and we have consistently communicated our objection both publicly and directly to the Israelis on settlement announcements,” the official said in a statement.
“We have also not coordinated or agreed to any settlement announcements,” he stressed.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The official said Kerry had never met or spoken to Ariel, let alone coordinated anything — including new settlement tenders — with him.
He added that Ariel was “not in a position” to describe any conversations that may have taken place between Kerry and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
On Monday, Ariel claimed a controversial decision by his ministry to publish tenders for 1,400 new settlement housing units was coordinated with and approved by Kerry.
“Even if the US isn't pleased with the construction, it will continue,” he said in an interview with Israel Radio.
“The United States is the closest of our friends, but we aren't pleased with all of its actions either,” Ariel said.
The Housing and Construction Ministry announced the decision on Friday. According to ministry spokesman Arik Ben Shimon, 801 units were approved for West Bank settlements, including 227 in Efrat, 169 in Elkana and 40 in Ariel.
In addition, Karnei Shomron would see an additional 86 units, Alfei Menashe 78, Adam 75, Beitar Illit 24, and Emanuel 102.
The Jerusalem neighborhood of Ramat Shlomo, over the Green Line, would receive another 600 units.
Friday's announcement had been expected after Israel released 26 long-serving Palestinian prisoners in late December, part of a deal made last summer when Israeli-Palestinian peace talks resumed.
Netanyahu has previously issued similar construction announcements to blunt criticism at home of prisoner releases. Many of those released were convicted of killing Israeli civilians and soldiers.
This time, the announcement was apparently postponed until after a visit by Kerry, who was in the region last week.
Kerry has been pushing a framework agreement, as part of his efforts to nudge Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Netanyahu closer to a full treaty that would establish a Palestinian state alongside Israel.
US State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Friday the step was “not conducive to our efforts to move forward on peace,” adding: “We consider now and have always considered the settlements to be illegitimate.”
“This shows Israel's clear commitment to the destruction of peace and imposition of an apartheid system,” said chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat, according to a statement released by the PLO negotiating team.
“The recent announcement by the Israeli government of new settlements in occupied State of Palestine is a slap to Mr. Kerry's efforts and a clear message by Israel's Prime Minister: ‘Don't continue with your peace efforts,” the statement continued.
“We call on the United States and the rest of the international community to exert further efforts to halt the Israeli plans which aims to destroy the chances for the two state solution.”
In addition, another 532 units that had been approved for construction in the past, but did not attract offers from builders, are to be put back on the market. Those units are to be situated in the neighborhoods of Pisgat Ze'ev, Ramot, and Neve Yaakov, all of which sit over the Green Line.
In November, the Housing and Construction Ministry announced that it had approved the sale of land for some 1,700 apartments over the Green Line, including some 700 new apartments in Jerusalem and 1,030 in Jewish settlements in the West Bank.
The ministry said then that the announcement was in keeping with its policy of approving increased housing construction as a measure to help reduce the cost of housing nationwide.
The policy “has led to fast growth in construction starts that now stands at an annual rate of 43,000 [new] apartments, higher than the demand for new apartments each year,” according to Ariel, a senior member of the Jewish Home party.
Ariel promised to further increase the rate of construction of new apartments “throughout the country… in order to bring about a dramatic change in the cost of apartments.”
Times of Israel staff contributed to this report.
It was the usual morning in Equestria. No signs of trouble. Starlight woke up late, wondering why she had not been awakened. She went around all the rooms, looking for Twilight and Spike, but she did not find anypony. She was a little concerned about it, so this purple unicorn went out into the street."Maybe... I should ask Pinkie Pie about Twilight, Pinkie knows everything about everypony," - Starlight thought. And then the hopeful pony went to the Sugarcube Corner.- Pinkie Pie! Pinkie Pie! Hello, are you here?- Oh, Starlight, dear, she's not at work for a couple of days.- Hi, Mrs Cake, do you know where is she?- She did not warn us! But when she does this, most likely she went home to the Rock farm! And I don't know when she'll be back.- Oh, thanks! Uh... Goodbye!- Goodbye, Starlight!Starlight tried to keep it together and thinking a little she decided to go to the Sweet Apple Acres. "Applejack must be at home, for sure she is picking apples right now!" - she tried to calm herself like this. But AJ was not there.Starlight visited all the houses of Mane 6 and she didn't find anypony. It was then that Staralight became frightened, she was afraid that it was Chrysalis' revenge.She wanted to meet Trixie so that she would calm Starlight down!- Where... Where... Where's she?- Where's who?- TRIXIE! I'm so glad to see you!- Yeah, yeah, you're glad to see The Great and Powerful Trixie! Ahahaah!... Just kidding!- Trixie, something strange is going to happen!- What are you talking about? I don't understand!- I think it's Chrysalis... she wants revenge, she's already taken my friends! I can't find them!- Are you sure? Maybe it's just the Friendship problem and their map called them!- No, Twilight would have warned me....Their conversation was interrupted by the sound of the front door. It was the post-pony. He said that it was an urgent letter from the Crystal Empire. Starlight teared an envelope and started to read:"Dear Starlight,I am writing to you, because you are the last hope of Equestria! Princess Cadence, Shining Armor and Flurry Heart disappeared! Tell Princess Twilight and her friends! Go to Princess Celestia and Princess Luna, declare a search! We must find them as soon as possible! I'm taking all the necessary and going to Canterlot right now!Sunburst."- What should we do, Starlight? We don't have Twilight and her friends!- We must find help! Let's notify Thorax and Sunset Shimmer... and Discord, if it's possible! We're going to Canterlot!Vector:Hope you'll like it!
A driver wielding a baseball bat got into a fight with another driver holding a pocket knife in a “mutual road-rage incident” that prompted the closure of the entire southbound 101 Freeways in Thousand Oaks, according to CHP.
The two men were arrested after the conflict occurred about 2:30 p.m. Monday.
The California Highway Patrol received multiple calls about two vehicles “engaged in road rage” on the southbound freeway at Wendy Drive, according to a CHP “unusual incident” report.
After continuing to engage each other, the drivers pulled over at the Moorpark Road off-ramp, about 4 miles east. They both got out of their vehicles and confronted each other.
Clausen Boyd, a 21-year-old Thousand Oaks man, hit 46-year-old Paul Farrell of Agoura Hills with a baseball bat, CHP stated. Farrell was allegedly armed with a folding pocket knife.
A Simi Valley police officer saw the fight and pulled his firearm, ordering the two drivers to drop their weapons and get down on the ground, according to CHP. Ventura County deputies arrived to help, and the freeway was closed for a couple minutes during the arrests.
The men offered no resistance and were taken into custody by CHP officers who arrived on scene.
“Obviously, incidents like this are very dangerous, unlawful and completely unnecessary,” said CHP Lt. R.D. Cohan, commanding officer of the Moorpark Area office, said in an email. “We encourage drivers to just slow down, take a breath, operate their vehicles like the potential deadly weapons they could be (when not driven carefully) and be courteous to others.
“Is letting your ‘road rage' out really worth being arrested, taken to jail and having your car towed away?” Cohan concluded.
Boyd was booked on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon and assigned a bail of $25,000. Farrell was booked on suspicion of exhibiting a deadly weapon and assigned bail of $5,000, CHP stated.
The Ventura County Sheriff's Office said Tuesday that Farrell was not booked into jail, but a booking photo for Boyd was released.
Their vehicles were indeed towed, CHP said on Twitter.
The START trial was designed and conducted by the International Network for Strategic Initiatives in Global HIV Trials (INSIGHT). A description of the contributions of the study members is provided in Section 2 in the Supplementary Appendix, available with the full text of this article at NEJM.org.
Study Patients
HIV-positive patients who were 18 years of age or older and who had not yet initiated antiretroviral therapy, had no history of AIDS, and were in generally good health were eligible for the study if they had had two CD4+ counts of more than 500 cells per cubic millimeter at least 2 weeks apart within 60 days before enrollment. Women who were pregnant or breast-feeding at screening were not eligible; women who became pregnant during follow-up remained in the study. (For full details regarding the study design, see the study protocol, available at NEJM.org.) The study was approved by the institutional review board or ethics committee at each participating site, and written informed consent was obtained from all patients.
Study Design
We evaluated two strategies for initiating antiretroviral therapy: immediate initiation and deferred initiation until the CD4+ count declined to 350 cells per cubic millimeter or the development of an AIDS-related event or another condition that dictated the use of antiretroviral therapy (e.g., pregnancy).25,26 When the study was initiated in 2009, the deferral strategy was consistent with recommendations in most treatment guidelines.27-30 During the course of the study, some treatment guidelines changed. Because the evidence prompting these changes was limited, we did not revise the deferred-initiation strategy in our study.
The study protocol required the use of an approved drug combination derived from the guidelines of the Department of Health and Human Services as the first antiretroviral regimen in the two study groups (Section 3 in the Supplementary Appendix).27
Study End Points
The primary end point was a composite outcome that included two major components. The first was any serious AIDS-related event, which included death from AIDS or any AIDS-defining event (as outlined in the 1993 expanded surveillance document of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention),31 with the exception of nonfatal herpes simplex virus infection and esophageal candidiasis, which were not counted because of their lesser severity. Hodgkin's lymphoma was also counted as a serious AIDS-related event. The second component was any serious non–AIDS-related event, including death from causes other than AIDS. Serious non–AIDS-related events consisted of the following conditions: cardiovascular disease (myocardial infarction, stroke, or coronary revascularization) or death from cardiovascular disease, end-stage renal disease (initiation of dialysis or renal transplantation) or death from renal disease, liver disease (decompensated liver disease) or death from liver disease, non–AIDS-defining cancer (except for basal-cell or squamous-cell skin cancer) or death from cancer, and any death is not attributable to AIDS.
An end-point review committee whose members were unaware of study-group assignments reviewed all reported serious AIDS-related and serious non–AIDS-related events and deaths using preestablished criteria.32 Events that the committee considered to be confirmed or probable were counted as end points.33,34
Secondary end points included serious AIDS-related events, serious non–AIDS-related events, death from any cause, grade 4 events, and unscheduled hospitalizations for reasons other than AIDS. Grade 4 events were defined as potentially life-threatening symptomatic events not attributable to AIDS that required a medical intervention.35 Grade 4 events and unscheduled hospitalizations (also referred to as “other serious clinical events”) were reported regardless of antiretroviral-therapy use or of any perceived association with antiretroviral therapy and were categorized according to codes used in the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities, version 18.0.
The design and data collection plan for START have been reported previously.25 Key features, including a summary of a planned sample-size reestimation in February 2013, are provided in Section 4 in the Supplementary Appendix.
Interim Monitoring
Study investigators were unaware of interim summary results throughout the study. An independent data and safety monitoring board reviewed the results of interim analyses. An O'Brien–Fleming boundary and the Lan–DeMets spending function based on information time (fraction of primary events accrued) were used to adjust for a type I error in the analysis of the primary end point.36,37 The data and safety monitoring board was also asked to consider the consistency of findings for the two major components of the primary end point, serious AIDS-related and serious non–AIDS-related events, before making a recommendation to stop or modify the study. Consistency was specified as treatment hazard ratios for each component favoring the same treatment group, with a z statistic of more than 1.5.
On May 15, 2015, the board informed the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) and the study leadership that the primary question of the study had been answered and recommended that the findings be immediately disseminated. The board also recommended offering antiretroviral therapy to patients in the deferred-initiation group who were not receiving antiretroviral therapy and continuing to follow the study patients. By the time of this review, approximately 60% of the planned 213 primary events had occurred. On May 27, 2015, the study team leaders and NIAID notified investigators and patients of the findings.
Statistical Analysis
We compared the two study groups according to the intention-to-treat principle. We used time-to-event methods, including Kaplan–Meier survival curves and Cox proportional-hazards models, to compare the two groups for the primary end point, its two major components, death from any cause, and other serious clinical events. Follow-up was censored on May 26, 2015, or the date of last study contact.
For the primary end point, hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals were estimated from a Cox model stratified according to six geographic regions (Africa, Europe and Israel, North America, South America and Mexico, Australia, and Asia) with a single binary indicator (immediate vs. deferred therapy). The proportional-hazards assumption was tested by including an interaction term between the randomized treatment indicator and log-transformed follow-up time.
We performed sensitivity analyses to assess the effects of the diagnostic certainty of events and of missing data (Section 5 in the Supplementary Appendix). The primary end point was also summarized for subgroups that were categorized according to eight predefined baseline characteristics. Heterogeneity of the treatment effect across subgroups was assessed by including terms for interactions between treatment and subgroup variables in expanded Cox models. Results of subgroup analyses should be interpreted with caution because there was no adjustment made for the type I error for the number of subgroups examined, and the statistical power was limited for subgroup analyses. Kaplan–Meier estimates were used to describe the time until the initiation of antiretroviral therapy. We compared the two study groups for changes in the CD4+ count from study entry through follow-up using longitudinal mixed models with random intercepts. Descriptive analyses (number and rate of primary end point) were performed for accumulated person-years within strata of specific, time-updated (latest) CD4+ counts during follow-up. Statistical analyses were performed with the use of SAS software, version 9.3 (SAS Institute). All P values are two-sided.
Didn't you know that toothpaste (despite its name) is for so much more than your teeth? It's truly handy to have on hand (I pity the household - and their teeth - that has no toothpaste at all), because it is quite multi-functional. Here are a few ways you can get your toothpaste working extra hard for you:
Stain Removal and Cleaning
Crayon on Painted Walls
So the kiddies decided to express their artistic side all over the walls, huh? No worries. Rub a damp cloth and some toothpaste on your marked-up wall and rinse with a clean wet cloth.
Carpet Cleaning/Stain removal
Scrub away with an abrasive brush and toothpaste, rinse, and you'll scrub the stain right out. You may even realize how dirty the rest of your carpet is in the process.
Cleaning Running Shoes
Similar to above, scrub away (especially on those scuffed up white rubber soles), wipe with a damp cloth, and watch your tootsies gleam.
Scuffed Leather Shoes
Put a dab on the scuff, rub in with a soft cloth, and rinse with a damp cloth.
Stained Clothes
It stands to reason that if toothpaste works on your carpets, it will work on clothes too. Apply the toothpaste directly to the stained fabric and rub the fabric together with all you've got. Rinse with water. You may have to do this a few times to fully remove the stain. This may not work on all fabrics or stains.
Cleaning Piano Keys
A well-used piano usually means some darker piano keys after a while. Scrub with toothpaste and a toothbrush, then wipe dry with a damp cloth, and you'll be tickling some ivory ivories again.
Baby Bottles
If your baby bottles are getting a sour-milk smell, clean them out with some toothpaste using a bottle-scrubber, and rinse really well with water.
Cleaning The Iron
I guess I don't use an iron enough for it to get gunky (wait a minute – I don't even own an iron), but apparently crap can accumulate along the plate and bottom edge. Toothpaste has just enough abrasive in it to do the job nicely.
Make Chrome Gleam
Ran out of your bathroom or kitchen cleaner? Use some toothpaste in a pinch, and watch your taps shine.
Scrub Those Nails
Fingernails and toenails are made of similar stuff as teeth are. So scrub away using toothpaste and a nail brush for some shiny extremities.
Wash your Watch Band
I tried this on a plastic watch band I have that is embarrassingly dirty with only minimal results. Then again maybe this watch band was beyond repair.
Obviously if the watch itself is not water-resistant, be careful to keep it dry in the cleaning and rinsing process.
Take water rings off coffee table
Simply rub some toothpaste into the offending mark with a soft cloth and wipe dry with a clean damp cloth. Finish off with some furniture polish to help protect grandma's antique table from staining again. Better yet – use coasters.
Jewelry Cleaner
I tried this on some seriously dull-looking jewelry the other day, and was very impressed with the results. Use a soft toothbrush to scrub lightly with a dab of toothpaste, rinse it, and polish it dry with a soft towel. You'll discover a whole new shine to your precious accessories.
If you are dealing with a lot of grunge, dab some toothpaste on and let it sit overnight. Or better yet, dissolve some toothpaste in a small amount of water, and drop the jewelry in it for an overnight soak. Then follow up with the steps above.
Note: Do not use this technique on pearls, as you may damage the finish.
Skin Remedies
Overnight zit cream
Inevitably it happens right before a big job interview, or while you're on the road without having brought along your trusty zit cream: the pimple of the century emerges. Never fear though: your toothpaste will do in a pinch to reduce the redness and dry out your greasy disaster. Just don't forget to wash it off in the morning, or else they'll be giving you some strange looks at that job interview.
Bee Sting ointment
I try not to get too close to these useful but annoying insects, but occasionally they like to get close to me. A touch of toothpaste can take the edge off the pain, and soothe the wound. Be sure to take the stinger out first of course.
Bug Bite Relief
Aaahh. Instead of scratching those pesky bites until they swell up and become unbearable, dab a little toothpaste on it and forget about your itchy worries.
Cold Sore Ointment
I know people who swear by this. It uses the same principle of relieving the itchiness and swelling of bug bites and acne. Again, best used as an overnight treatment.
Defogger
Goggle Defogger
Anybody who scuba dives knows that toothpaste is a great alternative to pricey defogger gel, and is particularly handy in taking the manufacture film off of a brand-new mask or a pair of goggles. Simply squirt a dab in each lens and rub in thoroughly with your fingers. Rinse well.
Bathroom Mirror Defogger
Using the same principle as above, it stands to reason that toothpaste can help keep your bathroom mirror clear as a bell while somebody is in the shower. This is great for a couple or household who shares a bathroom on a tight timeline, or for somebody who needs the mirror right after getting out of their hot shower.
More Wacky Uses
Fill in Nail Holes
If you are moving out of your digs quickly, have white walls, and don't have any spackle to fill in the holes in the wall, you can use toothpaste to fill in the holes.
For painted walls, you can let the toothpaste dry and it's good to paint over in a jiff.
Hanging Posters
Some people claim that toothpaste can be used to hang posters on the wall. If it works, then at least it saves having to fill gaping nail holes with the stuff when you move out!
Fix Scratched DVDs
Yes, toothpaste even fixes scratched DVDs, folks. Paul wrote about it a while back here. Admittedly, he didn't have much success with it, nor did I when I tried. Then again, the DVD I was using was pretty banged up.
Deodorizer
It makes your mouth smell pretty, so why wouldn't it work for other things? It deodorizes your sink drain pipes pretty nicely, and if you got your hands into something stinky it will help make your hands smell pretty again with a good scrub. Heck – it cleans your nails too in the process.
Car Freshener
This one is really out there, but it might be worth a try. Put a dab on a paper towel, crumple it up, and stick it under your car seat. Park somewhere in the sunshine, and the heat of the car will warm up the toothpaste and make your car smell minty-fresh.
What Kind of Toothpaste to Use
These days, you can get toothpaste in all sorts of flavours, colour, and consistencies. For the applications in this article, stay away from the fancy stuff though and go with the original tried and true; make sure you have good ol' white non-gel toothpaste.
Getting the Most of your Toothpaste Tube
Before you dismiss that tube as being empty, soak it in warm water for a few minutes. Use something flat like a knife handle or toothbrush handle to push the remaining warm toothpaste out of the tube. Get more for your money!
Disclaimer
I haven't tried all of these strategies, and certainly advise you to be cautious before squirting toothpaste all over that precious heirloom (be it a watch, piano, dress, or table). If possible test a small inconspicuous patch first.
By Genevra Pittman
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) – People who are poor, African American or both are less likely to be prescribed opioids for pain than well-off white patients, according to a new study.
The powerful painkillers, which include codeine and oxycodone, have been in the spotlight recently as deaths from overdoses rise and more drugs end up in the hands of people taking them for non-medical purposes.
Past studies have found that blacks in pain don't receive opioids as often as whites, but the new study suggests economic differences matter in addition to racial ones.
“The disparities are concerning and definitely warrant further investigation,” said Dr. Michael Joynt, who led the study at the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry in New York.
However, he added, there's probably not “any one single factor” that explains those disparities.
One researcher not involved in the study said cultural differences between doctors and patients and a lack of time to closely evaluate each person in the emergency room may encourage unconscious stereotypes that affect doctors' treatment decisions.
Lack of standardized guidelines on how to treat pain may also be a factor, Joynt told Reuters Health.
He and his colleagues analyzed data from about 1,400 hospital ERs between 2006 and 2009. During that span, the ERs prescribed opioids to just over 50,000 people reporting moderate or severe pain.
Both race and income were linked to a pain patient's chance of being prescribed an opioid.
For example, 46 percent of white patients with moderate or severe pain were given opioids, compared to 39 percent of black patients. And 45 percent of non-Hispanic people received the drugs, versus 40 percent of Hispanics.
Likewise, 47 percent of pain patients from the wealthiest neighborhoods, based on zip code, were prescribed opioids, compared to 41 percent from the poorest areas, the study team reports in the Journal of General Internal Medicine.
The disparities held after the researchers took into account patients' injuries and the severity of their pain.
Michelle van Ryn said very few doctors have overt negative attitudes toward minorities or poor people, and all strive to provide equal care.
Prescribing disparities are not about “a conscious, intentional process of harm,” van Ryn, from the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, told Reuters Health.
“It's that there are factors that prevent clinicians from behaving in ways that are consistent with their best intentions and goals,” she added.
That can include busy, crowded ERs and misunderstandings between patients and doctors from different cultural backgrounds, said van Ryn, who has also studied racial disparities in opioid prescribing.
The researchers said they hope their study will spark a conversation about pain control and differences in care on a societal scale. But patients can initiate those talks in the ER too, they said.
“I think it's important for patients presenting for pain to have an open and honest discussion with their providers,” said Dr. Robert Fortuna, who also worked on the study.
“The issue of gauging pain is very nuanced.”
SOURCE: //bit.ly/10zL1y1 Journal of General Internal Medicine, June 2013.
American taxpayers are quick to criticize the federal government for its ever-increasing national debt, but a new study released Wednesday found taxpayers are also saddled with debt, and are likely to end 2016 with a record high $1 trillion in outstanding balances.
Wallethub, a site that recommends credit cards based on consumers' needs, said that will be the highest amount of credit card debt on record, surpassing even the years during and before the Great Recession. The site said the record high was in 2008, when people owed $984.2 billion on their credit cards.
It's good news for credit card companies that will profit off borrowers thanks to high interest rates, which average 15 percent. But the skyrocketing debt, along with other factors, indicates the U.S. economy may not be in as good shape as some believe.
"With the global economy in flux and debate raging over the timing of Federal Reserve rate hikes, data that speaks to the financial health of the average American household can be quite telling. Credit card debt statistics, in particular, reflect consumer sentiment and can foretell overleveraging bubbles that may trigger constriction across lending markets," Wallethub CEO Odysseas Papadimitriou said in the report.
Borrowers paid down approximately $26.8 billion in debt during the first three months of the year, the smallest first-quarter debt reduction since 2008. But borrowers also added $71 billion to their tabs last year, and the reduction so far this year covers just 38 percent of last year's increase.
The Scottish Wildcat is the British variant of the European wildcat, Felis sylvestris. Fossil evidence of wildcats in Scotland dates them back to the interglacial period two million years ago.
Glaciers wiped them out in Scotland but they returned after the last ice age, around 8,000 years ago and were joined, perhaps 2,000 years ago by domesticated cats, or Felis catus.
Felis Catus are thought to be descendants of an African or Middle Eastern wildcat. Recent genetic evidence shows that they were domesticated from as far back as 36,000 years ago.
The two cat species probably lived side-by-side but separately for most of the last 2,000 years in Britain, preferring their own kind. However, when they did eventually cross breed, they were closely related enough to be able to produce fertile, hybrid offspring.
Decades of persecution by gamekeepers meeting their landowners' desires for grouse or pheasant conservation for hunts, meant that by 1914 wildcats had been wiped out across the British and Irish Isles in all but the North and West of Scotland.
When the landowners and gamekeepers went off to fight in the First World War it gave the wildcats a break and they began to expand back into the rest of Scotland, but not to England and Wales where they have been missing since the mid-19th century. As they spread back through Scotland there were so few that the dispersing animals were often unable to find wildcat breeding partners and mated instead with domestic cats.
Wildcat sightings are now increasingly rare
Once the war was over, the persecution of wildcats began again and carried on through the decades, until the native wildcat's very survival in Scotland was in question. Persecution and the resultant hybridisation has made pure-bred wildcats very rare. Even once legal protection was finally in place the hybrids were shot with impunity as unprotected feral cats, as, no doubt, were any remaining purebreds, on the same pretext.
In the 1980s it was not uncommon to see Scottish wildcats (or hybrids with a lot of the wildcat about them) on the edges of the Angus glens, such as the hinterland of Alyth. You could spot a thick-banded cat's tail disappearing into the whins on the Alyth Hill or the many bright staring eyes of a female and kittens up in a tree by the headwaters of the Alyth burn.
It was always a delight to know that they were ranging about, but as the years went by these sightings became ever rarer. And how do yo know if you have seen one? It is not always easy but the pure-bred wildcats are larger, perhaps half as big again.
Wildcats are also more muscular than ferals or domestics and they have banded blunt-ended tails, with the dorsal stripe stopping at the base, whereas it extends to the tip in ferals and domestics. Wildcats also move and behave in a fiercer and more agile way than domestic cats.
But the most important difference is in its temperament. It is impossible to tame a true wildcat even if it is reared from infancy and hybrids also inherit something of this wild spirit. If you see a pure-bred wildcat, you can tell it is never going to be anybody's pet.
Last ditch effort for wildcat conservation
With pressure mounting from conservation groups and to meet international obligations, to secure the survival of an endangered European Protected Species, the Scottish Government decided, in September 2013 to begin a serious conservation effort.
This is not the first effort to save the Scottish wildcat but it is the most ambitious to date, made possible due to funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund. It is almost certainly the last chance we will have to save them. Paul Wheelhouse MSP, Minister for the Environment, said of Scottish wildcats:
"We have given ourselves just six years to halt the decline. This is one of the most ambitious conservation plans ever produced in Scotland and the Scottish Wildcat Conservation Action Group will need every encouragement to succeed."
The first stage of the project's work was to survey historic wildcat areas across Scotland and identify at least 5 wildcat conservation zones where action could take place. This is difficult work as wildcats are very secretive, but the results of the study are just out.
In scoping for wildcat priority areas, the Scottish National Heritage (SNH) report highlighted 6 priority areas: Dalnain, Morvern, Strathavon, Strathbogie, Strathpeffer and Angus Glens. The latter, infamous for its record on wildlife crime, showed surprisingly higher numbers of cats with wild characteristics than other areas.
The expert vs Scottish National Heritage
The survey of the Angus Glens was largely carried out by Alan Ross, an ecologist from Blairgowrie. He used lures of his own design to bring the cats close to the cameras in order to record their presence.
He confirmed nine cats of reasonably good quality in the glens. Alan is now carrying out his own independent studies on around 30 wildcats of varying purity, using non-invasive camera trapping to study their behavioural ecology.
Ross's research has some interesting findings. "From initial results, I suspect that good hybrids may sometimes breed back to purer strains through natural selection when living in the wild, as I have found kittens which rate higher for wild characteristics than their parents", he wrote.
That is heartening news: it's wonderful to know that there are still some wildcats and "good hybrids" living in our local hills and glens. But Alan is deeply concerned that the policies carried out by Scottish Natural Heritage (SNH), the Scottish government's wildlife agency, may be counter-productive:
"Contrastingly I have noted that some female wildcats preferentially mate with feral cats due to the lack of un-related wildcats. This reluctance to breed with close relatives, coupled with the lack of connectivity between fragmented sub-populations supports my theory that hybridisation is mostly a consequence of persecution, fragmentation and genetically stagnant wildcat populations, rather than the main reason for decline."
Serious flaws in SNH's conservation plans
Ross believes that such is the urgency of the situation that SNH has to 'break out of the box' of its thinking to date, and connect scattered populations that lack the genetic diversity to flourish so long as they are separated:
"In 2015, I unsuccessfully challenged the proposed SNH strategy of limiting the wildcat priority area size to hold a mere 20 female cats, many of which will be related within sub-populations, and thus prone to the associated reduced fecundity and litter size, low disease resistance and increased genetic abnormalities, as already seen in some areas.
"I am proposing that SNH substantially increases at least two zones for future comparisons of management strategies and, creates habitat connectivity between habitat patches and sub-populations. One such example includes combining the Angus and Atholl wildcat populations, with the creation of wildcat corridors, thus increasing genetic diversity and the carrying capacity of the priority zone.
"In particular, I am urging SNH to take a visionary approach to the west coast populations by extending the limited Morvern population to create a Mainland Island Wildcat Reserve by extending the zone to utilise the natural geographical barriers of Loch Linnhe, north to Loch Eil and west to Loch Shiel / river Shiel, encompassing Ardnamurchan.
"As an easily defended, large scale wildcat reserve, together with promoting the wildcat as an apex predator and keystone species - the area could attract biodiversity offsetting and/or other funding for much-needed native woodland expansion on a landscape scale, thus creating wildcat habitat and connectivity of sub populations, as well as opportunities for eco-tourism and job creation."
He also has a plan for one of Scotland's largest islands to become a haven for a pure-bred wildcat population: "My other equally ambitious suggestion is the creation of a wildcat reserve on the island of Mull, to be stocked with pure wildcats."
The critical task: to augment the gene pool
While Alan Ross' approach to wildcat conservation may not be altogether shared by SNH, it has been adopted for several years now with wildcat conservationists in Europe.
There the European wildcat population is expanding due to large-scale measures which focus on establishing large viable populations of over 500 cats, (with a minimum of 50 unrelated females), creating green belt / wooded habitat corridors, connecting isolated forest patches and wildcat populations, together with wildlife crossings on major road networks.
What is needed now is for the Scottish Government to continue to support the work of the Scottish Wildlife Conservation Action Group and encourage it to be bolder and more ambitious, while it assesses how best to safeguard these fragile populations, and protect them from future hybridisation, habitat loss or disease.
Given the limited sizes and the isolation of these target wildcat populations, augmentation of the gene pool is more critical now than ever. This may be done by exchanging cats from different regions across Scotland; by bringing in some pure-bred European wildcats of the same species Felis sylvestris (though not of Scottish provenance); or by breeding pure or nearly pure Scottish wildcats from zoo stock and releasing their rehabilitated kittens into the wild.
A breeding project led by the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland (RZSS) is currently under way and they are also studying the spatial ecology of wildcats.
The next task will be to ensure that the impact of pet and feral cats, especially in the conservation areas, is minimised. We must also ensure that persecution is halted: a process which is already being carried out by dedicated individuals and soon to be rolled out under the Wildcat Action Plan, with feral cats being live trapped, inoculated, and neutered, before controversially - being released back into the wildcat zones.
Wildcats are specialist predators of small mammals
Some ecologists have suggested that a more effective strategy would be to remove feral cats completely from priority areas and create an encompassing TNR buffer zone, which would remove the threat of disease, competition for resources and crucially - free up habitat for dispersing juvenile wildcats, rather than losing them into lowland sinks, as they seek unoccupied territories.
Neutered feral and pet cats still present a disease risk and territorial competition to wildcats. Pets in particular have the edge in a hard winter with a diet supplemented by owners, and feral cats are less likely to be vaccinated and may spread diseases into the wild population, which may prove fatal since they are likely to lack any of the immunisation of the domestic strains.
Luckily, many landowners and game-keepers have changed their attitudes and are now proud to have wildcats living on their estates. Indeed, studies on wildcat scats have shown they rarely kill ground-nesting birds, and may actually benefit them by preying upon stoats, pine martens and polecats.
The wildcat is a small-mammal specialist and its hunting can have a positive impact on the regeneration of native trees by reducing the browsing on seeds and young shoots by mice and voles.
A potential tragedy we must avoid
The progress of research work along with communication and education is vital to the success of the project and needs continuing support and encouragement from both the government and the public.
It would be a tragedy to lose the UK's only surviving wildcat from Scotland. If we Scots are to hold our heads up in the world of international wildlife conservation, we must not fail in saving this beautiful, fierce and enigmatic cat, the 'Highland Tiger', which has stalked our land for so many thousands of years.
We must work to ensure that one day there will be plenty of wildcats out there once again, pouncing on prey in our fields, woods and hills.
Louise Ramsay campaigns for the future of Scottish wildlife. Follow her on Twitter @TayBeavers.
Also on The Ecologist by Louise Ramsay: 'Scotland's wild beaver 'shoot to kill' policy is illegal and wrong'.
Further Reading:
Peter Alexis Shukoff (born August 15, 1979), also known as Nice Peter,[1] is an American comedian, musician and Internet personality. A self-described "Comic/Guitar Hero", he is best known for the comedy on his YouTube channel, NicePeter,[2] especially the comedic series Epic Rap Battles of History. As of June 8, 2016, NicePeter has over 2.6 million YouTube subscribers.[3] The day after hitting one million subscribers, the video game channel G4 crowned Nice Peter the King of Dot Comedy on Attack of the Show.[4] His two channels, Nice Peter and Epic Rap Battles (ERB), have a total of over 17 million subscribers, and 4 billion views as of February 2019.[5][6] He also has a third channel that he uses for vlogs and "Monday Shows", a show that he uploads on either Mondays or Tuesdays consisting of different segments including "Viewer Mail", "Twitter Question Time", and "Ask a Giraffe". They have been featured on the Huffington Post,[7] Billboard.com, and the January 2012 issue of Wired.[8] An interview with Forbes[9] details Peter and his partner Lloyd Ahlquist's rise to fame.
Life and career [ edit ]
Shukoff learned to play guitar before he had finished school, but spent a time pursuing a comedic career.[10] Once settled in Chicago, he began playing live in bars in Chicago, the midwestern USA, and the UK.[11] Shukoff states in Monday Shows that he has previously known how to Irish dance, a talent he says has deteriorated since his childhood days. He also adopted a rescue dog from an animal shelter named Charlie. On the 14th of August, 2014, Peter released a video on his vlog channel, stating that Charlie had died whilst Peter was touring. According to the description of the "Rasputin vs Stalin" installment of Epic Rap Battles of History, Shukoff is of Russian descent. Nice Peter tweeted on March 1, 2018 that he had gotten married.
Career [ edit ]
Nice Peter performing at the 2011 DigiTour
Epic Rap Battles of History is an internet series created by Peter Shukoff and Lloyd Ahlquist. The series features historical and popular fictional and real-life figures, battling each other through the medium of rap. Battles have included "Darth Vader vs. Adolf Hitler","Abraham Lincoln vs. Chuck Norris" and "Miley Cyrus vs. Joan of Arc". Some episodes use characters that are fictional, whether it be television or movie characters, as seen in "Rick Grimes vs. Walter White". Others use comic book characters, as seen in "Goku vs. Superman". Episodes typically consist of Nice Peter and EpicLLOYD rapping against each other in character, but sometimes feature guest stars in addition or replacing Shukoff and Ahlquist. Occasionally, the pair appear in non-speaking background roles, as in the episodes "Cleopatra vs. Marilyn Monroe", "Gandhi vs. Martin Luther King Jr", "Miley Cyrus vs. Joan of Arc", and "Michael Jordan vs. Muhammad Ali".[12] Shukoff and Ahlquist also contributed a rap battle to the film The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water and performed it with Matt Berry. He also made a cameo appearance as a surfer dude in the film.
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
Awards and Nominations for Epic Rap Battles of History Year Award Show Category Result Recipient(s) 2013 3rd Streamy Awards Best Writing: Comedy Nominated Peter Shukoff, Lloyd Ahlquist Best Online Musician Won Peter Shukoff Best Original Song Won Peter Shukoff, Lloyd Ahlquist (Steve Jobs vs. Bill Gates)
Discography [ edit ]
B-Sides for Kate [ edit ]
All I Got (the Christmas Song) I'm Just a Man High With Pauly My Favorite Bar Chuck Norris Spanglish (unreleased full band recording) Sarah Palin
Live in Preston [ edit ]
Intro Smoke That Weed Daniel the Boyfriend Knickers The Redwings 50 Cent is a Pussy F$%k London Spanglish Cover Bands Tru Gangster Chavs If You Really Love Me White Trash Woman My Right Hand The Bush Song Mystery of the Clitoris I Quit, You Fat Mother F$%cker
Songs about people [ edit ]
I Fell Asleep on her Boobs Bald Guy Cell Phones Put Your Coat On Cover Bands Jennifer Porn Star Friends Hard To Stay Radical Muslim Penpal Sugar Momma The Masterpiece Part II (bonus) Superman Socks
Songs For Moms [ edit ]
The Bush Song Spanglish Tru Gangster I Quit, You Fat Mother F$%cker My Right Hand If You Really Love Me Old and Fat Together Popsi Make Up Sex Smoke That Weed
Suburban Highschool [ edit ]
White Trash Woman Suburban Highschool F**k Guitar Center Snufulupugus 50 Cent is a Pussy You Shouldn't Have Pissed Me Off STD Test It's Time to be Gay The Masterpiece Mystery of the C**t Dude, I'm So High
Filmography [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 2010–present Epic Rap Battles of History various roles web series 2015 The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water Surfer Dude, Painty the Pirate
7 Japanese Game Consoles That Never Made it to America A roundup of quirky and wonderful import-only consoles from the land of the rising sun. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page. Terms of use 7
Video games may have been invented in the United States, but it didn't take long for their technological charm to spread throughout the world. Japan became particularly enamored with the playful art form in the late 1970s, and so the Land of the Rising Sun played host to its own native game consoles—many of which never made it over to the US.
To explore this fascinating and sometimes slightly odd world of "unreleased" Japanese consoles (I can't say "Japanese-exclusive consoles" because some were released in other regions, such as Australia, but not the U.S.), I fired up my computer and jumped on the Internet. Exciting, I know. But the best part is that I asked Wikipedia's premier console photographer, Evan Amos, for permission to use his wonderful console photos to illustrate our jaunt through video game history.
Amos said yes, of course, and so now we have beautifully detailed photos of these odd and interesting non-American consoles to pore over during our tour. When you're done reading, I'd love to hear from anyone out there who is a fan of these obscure machines. Have you ever imported one of these yourself? Let us know in the comments.
In the law of evidence, a dying declaration is testimony that would normally be barred as hearsay but may in common law nonetheless be admitted as evidence in criminal law trials because it constituted the last words of a dying person. The rationale, accurate or not, is that someone who is dying or believes death to be imminent would have less incentive to fabricate testimony, and as such, the hearsay statement carries with it some reliability.
History [ edit ]
In medieval English courts, the principle originated of Nemo moriturus praesumitur mentiri — "no-one on the point of death should be presumed to be lying".[1] An incident in which a dying declaration was admitted as evidence has been found in a 1202 case.[2]
Tests for admissibility of a "dying declaration" [ edit ]
In common law, a "dying declaration" must have been a statement made by a deceased person who would otherwise have been a credible witness to their own death by murder or manslaughter, and was of "settled hopeless expectation of death".[3]
In England and Wales [ edit ]
The admissibility of hearsay evidence in criminal proceedings has been governed by the Criminal Justice Act 2003 which effectively replaced the common law regime and abolished all common law hearsay exceptions (except those preserved by s.118) including the dying declaration exception. An original statement made by a dead person may now be admissible under the statutory "unavailability" exception (ss.114 & 116) subject to the courts' judicial discretion (preserved by s.126) to exclude unreliable evidence (i.e. the prejudicial value outweighs the probative value).
In the United States [ edit ]
Under the Federal Rules of Evidence,[4] a dying declaration is admissible if the proponent of the statement can establish all of the following:
The declarant's statement is being offered in a criminal prosecution for homicide, or in a civil action. Some states also permit the admission of dying declarations in other types of case. [ citation needed ]
The declarant is unavailable – this can be established using FRE 804(a)(1)-(5).
The declarant's statement was made while under the genuine belief that his or her death was imminent. The declarant does not have to actually die.
The declarant's statement relates to the cause or circumstances of what he or she believed to be his or her impending death.
Other general rules of admissibility also apply, such as the requirement that the declaration must be based on the declarant's actual knowledge.
The statement must relate to the circumstances or the cause of the declarant's own impending death. For example, in the dying declaration of Clifton Chambers in 1988, he stated that ten years earlier, he had helped his son bury a man whom the son had killed by accident. The statement was sufficient cause to justify a warrant for a search on the son's property, and the man's body was indeed found. However, there was no physical evidence of a crime, and since Chambers was not the victim, his dying declaration was not admissible as evidence, and the son was never brought to trial.[1]
The first use of the dying declaration exception in American law was in the 1770 murder trial of the British soldiers responsible for the Boston Massacre. One of the victims, Patrick Carr, told his doctor before he died that the soldiers had been provoked. The doctor's testimony helped defense attorney John Adams to secure acquittals for some of the defendants and reduced charges for the rest.
If the defendant is convicted of homicide but the reliability of the dying declaration is in question, there are grounds for an appeal.[5]
The future of the dying declaration doctrine in light of Supreme Court opinions such as Crawford v. Washington (2004) is unclear (Crawford was decided under the constitution's Confrontation Clause, not the common law). Opinions such as Giles v. California (2008) discuss the matter (although the statements in Giles were not a dying declaration), but Justice Ginsburg notes in her dissent to Michigan v. Bryant (2011) that the court has not addressed whether the dying declaration exception is valid after the confrontation clause cases.
Criticism of Dying Declaration Doctrine [ edit ]
Since the nineteenth century, critics have questioned the credibility of dying declarations. In a state court case, the Wisconsin Supreme Court considered the issue of a dying declaration. The defense pointed out that “[t]his kind of evidence is not regarded with favor.” [6] The defense argued that several factors could undermine the reliability of dying declarations.
Physical or mental weakness consequent upon the approach of death, a desire of self-vindication, or a disposition to impute the responsibility for a wrong to another, as well as the fact that the declarations are made in the absence of the accused, and often in response to leading questions and direct suggestions, and with no opportunity for cross-examination: all these considerations conspire to render such declarations a dangerous kind of evidence. Aviva Orenstein, Her Last Words: Dying Declarations and Modern Confrontation Jurisprudence, 2010 U. Ill. L. Rev. 1411, 1460 (2010)[7]
In India [ edit ]
Dying declarations are allowed as evidence in Indian courts if the dying person is conscious of his or her danger, he or she has given up hopes of recovery, the death of the dying person is the subject of the charge and of the dying declaration, and if the dying person was capable of a religious sense of accountability to his or her Maker.[2]
See also [ edit ]
Story highlights Defendant's attorney reportedly says client "wanted to do the right thing"
Aaron Lucas pleads guilty to four counts of sexual assault on a child
A judge had ruled that he could name his brother as a suspect in his defense
Prosecutor: "No evidence to suggest that the twin brother ... was in any way responsible"
In an abrupt 180, a Colorado soldier who tried to blame his identical twin brother for sex crimes pleaded guilty Tuesday to those same charges.
Aaron Gregory Lucas, 32, pleaded guilty to four counts of sexual assault on a child, three counts of enticement, two counts of indecent exposure and one count of kidnapping, according to a spokeswoman for the 4th Judicial District Attorney's Office in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
A judge in El Paso County ruled this month that Lucas would be allowed to name his twin brother, Brian Lucas, as a suspect in his defense.
Sentencing for Aaron Lucas was set for February 28, said Lee Richards, the spokeswoman.
"There is no evidence to suggest that the twin brother of Aaron Lucas was in any way responsible for these crimes," said prosecutor Jennie Darby.
"It's unfortunate that his name was even brought into this case," added prosecutor Kelson Castain, according to a post on the Facebook page of the district attorney's office.
Aaron Lucas is a decorated Army officer assigned to Fort Carson in Colorado Springs.
His attorney, Ted McClintock, told the Colorado Springs Gazette that his client pleaded guilty because "he wanted to do the right thing."
"He loves his family. He doesn't want to create problems for them," the newspaper reported he said.
McClintock did not immediately return an after-hours call for comment from CNN.
So-called evil twin defenses have been used before in courtrooms.
Defendants with an identical twin have sometimes accused the sibling of being the real culprit to try to create reasonable doubt and seek acquittal, but the finger-pointing isn't a sure-fire strategy, said CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos, who's also a criminal defense attorney.
"No two of us have the same set of DNA -- with one exception, and that is identical twins," Cevallos said.
ALL Republican Delegates Can Vote Their Conscience
We noted last week that it's still possible for Ron Paul to score an upset win over Mitt Romney.
Indeed, the nonpartisan Center for Voting and Democracy (CVAD) reported last December that the the legal counsel for the Republican National Convention said delegates can vote for whoever they want at the National Convention:
As set out in the Rules of the Republican Party, delegates have the ability to vote according to the delegates' preference, even if that is contrary to the outcome of each state's primary. According to one source, the legal counsel for the Republican National Convention in 2008 stated: “[The] RNC does not recognize a state's binding of national delegates, but considers each delegate a free agent who can vote for whoever they choose.” Thus, if a delegate were to challenge his or her ability to vote as a free agent, he or she would have grounds under Rule 38.
Ironically, the legal counsel rendered her opinion when a Utah delegate wanted to vote for Mitt Romney in the face of the Utah delegation as a whole going for John McCain.
CVAD continues:
For further clarification on the meaning of Rule 38, it is instructive to look to the debate in 1964 when the RNC debated whether to strike the Rule 38 language from a proposed amendment that was adopted that year. The debate begins on page 64 of this source. The RNC voted 59 to 41 to keep the rule in the amendment, noting that it helped to clarify a longstanding practice that a delegate was free to take exception to the roll call, and was free to vote his or her preference. Those who sought to strike the rule feared that its inclusion in the rules would give delegates freedom from both a non-existent legal obligation and a moral obligation to vote according to instructions from their state. However, even these opponents of the rule admitted that there never has been any legal obligation for a delegate to do so.
In other words, all Republican delegates – no matter what state they are in – can vote their conscience … even if someone tells them they have to vote for a particular candidate.
Ooh, scary.
It's official: Republicans are f'ing terrified of Jon Ossoff. They've moved from attacking him for having dressed up as Han Solo while in a Georgetown University a cappella group to trying to link him with black bloc anarchists. (Watch the video below.) The Han Solo ad was mocking—Ossoff was just a weird, callow college kid. The new ad is from the same Republican Super PAC, Congressional Leadership Fund, but now Ossoff is supposed to be violent and threatening:
Liberal extremists will stop at nothing to push their radical agenda. Now, they're turning their attention to Georgia, and demanding that you vote for Jon Ossoff for Congress. Jon Ossoff is one of them. Ossoff will vote with Nancy Pelosi for more spending, bigger government, and a weaker military. Don't let them hijack our congressional seat. Stop Ossoff now.
It is truly bizarre to play these ads back to back and watch the portrayal of Ossoff shift from too goofy for Congress to too scary for Congress. When all along we're talking about a guy who, yes, sang a cappella in college, worked as a congressional aide, then became a documentary filmmaker, having gotten a master's degree along the way. Not too terrifying … unless you're a Republican worried he might win an election your party had taken for granted.
But millions of dollars in attack ads can have a real effect, and that's just what Ossoff is facing. He needs us to have his back.
Can you give $3 to help Jon Ossoff counter the barrage of Republican attack ads?
College Classes In Maximum Security: 'It Gives You Meaning'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Cameron Robert/NPR Cameron Robert/NPR
More than 650,000 prisoners are released every year in the U.S., but no federal agency tracks the unemployment rate for this population. Experts say low reading and technological literacy, as well as reluctance among employers to hire former convicts, means many drops out of the labor force altogether.
Low employment levels for that group cost between $57 billion and $65 billion annually in lost economic activity, according to a 2010 study by the Center for Economic and Policy Research.
But there are a handful of novel initiatives trying to turn that narrative around, by bringing college education and professional training, and even entrepreneurship programs behind bars. Advocates of such programs say by teaching inmates at a higher level, they reduce financial and social costs to society.
One that gets a lot of attention is the Bard Prison Initiative. The privately funded college baccalaureate program started in 1999, and now provides college education to more than 300 students in six locations within the New York state prison system.
Last year, in addition to education, BPI started a pilot program to pair graduates with employers to give them yearlong professional internships.
"We simply look for employers who will treat our alumni like they would anyone else," says Max Kenner, BPI's founder.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Cameron Robert/NPR Cameron Robert/NPR
But these students are not like everyone else, in many respects. That is clear the moment you try to enter the classrooms at the maximum security Eastern Correctional Facility in Napanoch, N.Y, where BPI runs one of its biggest programs. Getting there means passing through security, two checkpoints and four rolling steel cage doors.
Professor Delia Mellis teaches a modern U.S. history class and, when I arrive, 18 men dressed in green jumpsuits are discussing sexual identity politics.
"I don't think he's saying that; I think he's making a distinction between it being gay acts — homosexual acts — and it being a gay identity," one student interjects.
Mellis responds, "That's absolutely his central idea, right?"
The students appear more engaged than some of the history seminars I remember. And in fact, the syllabus, requirements and professors are no different than they are at Bard College's main campus, 30 miles away.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Cameron Robert/NPR Cameron Robert/NPR
Glenn Rodriguez is a BPI social studies major in his senior year. An avid reader, he says he still refers back to his notes on cultural anthropology, a class he adored.
"We kind of dealt with the notion of ethnocentrism and cultural relativism. ... It shows you how we have a tendency to kind of see people as 'other,' " he says, a frame of mind that helped him put his own troubled childhood in context.
Rodriguez' parents died in a violent murder-suicide when he was 3. At age, 16 he was convicted of murder before finishing high school. Now 43, his release is scheduled in May. He then plans to finish his senior credits and get his master's in social work. When he isn't in class, he says, he's hitting the books.
"The weekends and Tuesdays and Thursdays, I'm locked in the cell reading and studying. ... It never ends, it seems like it never ends," he laughs. "I was always the kind of kid who wanted a challenge, and so this is my approach now."
Professor Robert Tynes, who teaches African politics at BPI, says his inmate students all show high levels of motivation.
"The close reading, the questions they have are so fine and well thought out that the class just takes off by itself," he says. "It's great. It's one of the best teaching experiences I've ever had."
Bard is exceptional, both in the sense that it is rare, and that in the level of academic rigor it demands. BPI is highly selective; only 10 to 25 percent of applicants are accepted. It was born when drug-related incarcerations rapidly filled prisons, and politics favored those arguing criminals deserved punishment, not education. The 1994 crime bill passed under President Bill Clinton made prisoners ineligible for government education subsidies, effectively eliminating access to college behind bars.
Since then, about two dozen college baccalaureate programs have returned in 28 states.
Kenner was a Bard undergraduate when he founded BPI. He says the cardinal error many people make is setting limits on what's possible for prisoners.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Cameron Robert/NPR Cameron Robert/NPR
"If we're going to provide higher education in unusual circumstances, why assume less of people?" he says. "If we came in and offered something that aspired to less, attrition would be higher and the impact would be lower."
The recidivism rate for BPI graduates is 4 percent, compared to averages that run as high as 60 percent. A 2013 RAND Corp. study found providing college education cost far less than housing inmates, because it increased the odds of post-incarceration employment, and reduced the incidence of repeat offenses by 43 percent.
Still, employment remains a challenge because of low literacy rates and little familiarity with technology. Many employers shy away from hiring criminals with violent pasts, which includes most BPI students.
Hiring policies are also starting to destigmatize incarceration. More than 150 cities and counties have laws preventing employers from asking about prior convictions in initial job screenings. President Barack Obama adopted similar policies at federal agencies, and publicly encouraged businesses to hire more former inmates.
Joanne Page says she sees that in her work as CEO of The Fortune Society, a nonprofit that provides job training to former inmates. She says the odds are already stacked against prisoners, who are often ineligible for social safety net programs, may have strained family relations and have little to no professional network to fall back on.
"What college does is give you better odds," she says. "And it also gives you a skill set and a sense of self that give you better odds also."
Increasingly, some conservative scholars agree.
"Economically, it doesn't make sense to keep people incarcerated as long as we have with no great results," says Gerard Robinson, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. "Also, the right thing to do is not only give them a second chance, but to also admit the fact that many of them didn't receive a first chance at school."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Cameron Robert/NPR Cameron Robert/NPR
At Eastern Correctional, Dyjuan Tatro is trying to take as many BPI classes as he can before he is released this summer. Tatro has nothing of a hardened criminal look. His youthful face is framed by a manicured goatee. Inside the bare walls of prison where sounds echo everywhere, you have to lean in to hear his soft-spoken voice.
"You know, I wake up in the morning, and I don't say to myself, 'I'm in prison,' " he says. "I try to think of it like I'm in college. And you can't entirely separate the two out, but it's healthier to think about it that way. It gives you meaning and it gives you purpose."
In 2015, Tatro was on a team of Bard student inmates who beat Harvard in a debate. Tatro is a math major with a 3.72 GPA. The 31-year-old has served 11 years for drug crimes and gang shootings — half of it at Eastern Correctional, which has become a desired destination among prisoners because of Bard.
There is a photo of Tatro bowing and getting hugs from his teammates after winning the debate. I ask him how that moment felt.
"It was just like: Whew! there are good things in the world, that the possibilities are out there," he says. "It allows you to dream in a different way."
For Tatro the dream includes a career in cancer research and bioinformatics. When I ask him how he intends to break into a professional career, he says he hopes to lean on the tight network of other BPI grads before him. And, he says, "what I leave and go do also creates opportunities and prospects for the guys leaving here behind me."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Yuki Noguchi/NPR Yuki Noguchi/NPR
One of the people in his that network is Lavar Gibson, a BPI graduate and one of its interns now working in the financial division of the Ford Foundation in New York City.
When Gibson was released two years ago, after 20 years in New York State's maximum security prison system, he had never used the Internet or a cellphone. Now, at age 38, he's finishing his degree, taking an online finance course at Cornell, and hoping to start a career in finance. If that seems like a long shot, it doesn't faze him.
"It's always been the challenges that I've gone for," he tells me. "Professors that people said, 'stay away from.' Those are the professors that I wanted, the classes I wanted to take, because I believed they offered the opportunity for growth."
Prison made a bookish man of Gibson. In the prison yards, his informal education started by reading books and learning from older inmates with similar interests.
His new identity as a learned man did not help him at the law firm where he worked soon after his release. Coworkers treated him differently when they discovered he had been in prison. Even now, he says, family and friends struggle to accept he is a changed man.
"It's easy to want to keep somebody at a certain place," he explains. "People do it with their children every day. And their children change and they grow, and they become. And if you can't appreciate that change, you really can't appreciate life, but that's life."
Like all modern geopolitical chess matches, the growing tension between the United States and North Korea has a shadowy analog playing out in cyberspace.
North Korea is primed for a sixth nuclear test, which would bring it one step closer to its admitted goal of developing a nuclear-tipped ICBM capable of reaching the United States mainland. At his current pace, Kim Jong-un could achieve that objective within three years, according to military analysts. That's within President Donald Trump's first term, and the administration has been ratcheting up the tough talk almost daily. The president recently said that nuclear war is on the table, and the USS Carl Vinson is steaming toward the Korean Peninsula (for real this time). Far from cowed, North Korea on Sunday detained an American college professor who'd been teaching in Pyongyang, the second arrest of a U.S. citizen in recent months.
But weapons tests like last month's failed missile launch in Sinpo aren't cheap. By one estimate, North Korea spent $1.3 billion on missile tests in 2012 alone. That may explain why the escalation in North Korea's nuclear provocations has been accompanied by a spree of attempted and actual online bank heists that trace right back to Pyongyang. The largest of them was a nearly successful theft of almost $1 billion from Bangladesh Bank in 2016—enough money to fund North Korea's missile testing for almost a year.
State-run crime has been an important component of North Korea's economy for years. Illegal arms sales to countries like Syria and Iran are reportedly North Korea's mainstay, but it's also been linked to everything from the wholesale production of illegal drugs to the mass sales of counterfeit Viagra and cigarettes. In 2009, the U.S. blamed North Korea for a deluge of counterfeit U.S. currency, dubbed “supernotes,” that were so high in quality that the Treasury Department was forced to redesign the $100 bill.
“The money that North Korea makes from illicit activities is 40 percent of their real economy,” said Bruce Bechtol, professor of political science at Angelo State University and the author of four books on North Korea. Criminal proceeds prop up North Korea's communist government, support the lavish lifestyle of party leaders, and help support the military, he said. “And some of it, no doubt, goes to support both their nuclear program and their ballistic missile program.”
When it comes to online crime, however, North Korea was mostly associated with a wave of vandalistic attacks on South Korea in 2013, followed by the infamous 2014 hack attack on Sony Pictures. “They were known for wipe attacks,” said Eric Chien, technical director of Symantec's Security Technology and Response division. “I'd have predicted that they'd do more of those. Instead they tried to transfer about a billion dollars from the Bank of Bangladesh. No way we could have seen that coming.”
The Bangladesh caper unfolded on Feb. 4, 2016, when hackers used custom malware and stolen credentials to initiate 35 SWIFT wire transfer orders from Bangladesh Bank's holdings at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The Fed began processing the orders, which totaled $951 million, but bank officials grew suspicious after noticing a misspelling in a transfer to Sri Lanka. That transfer was quickly pulled back, and another 30 were blocked entirely. But by then $81 million in stolen funds had gone through to Rizal Bank in the Philippines, landing in four accounts opened nearly a year earlier under fake names.
The Rizal Bank customers—purported Chinese businessmen—soon showed up at the bank branch in person, withdrew the money and deposited it into a fifth fraudulent account freshly established under the name of a legitimate customer. Then they wired the money to two Philippine casino resorts, where it disappeared.
As the first reported large-scale hack accomplished over SWIFT, a backbone of international finance, the breach received global publicity and alarmed the banking industry. Previous attacks surfaced, including a hack at Ecuador's Banco del Austro that cost it $12 million in early 2015.
Normally Eastern European hackers would be the clear suspects for an ambitious bank heist—if the internet had a Captain Renault, he'd round up the Russia-based Carbanak gang for questioning. But when outside computer-security experts examined the Bangladesh attack code, they made an unexpected find. A portion of the code devoted to wiping out the victim's hard drive was nearly identical to a custom disk wiper used in the “Dark Seoul” attacks against South Korean banks and broadcasters in 2013. Those attacks shared both code and a command-and-control server with the most famous destructive computer attack in history: the November 2014 breach of Sony Pictures by the “Guardians of Peace,” carried out in retaliation for a movie depicting Kim Jong-un's assassination. The U.S. has formally named the government of North Korea as the culprit in the Sony breach.
Even before the Sony hack, the gang known as the “Lazarus Group” in computer-security circles had a distinctive style that Chien and his team recognized now in the Bangladesh code. Conventional cybercrooks build on the successes of their forebears, borrowing proven methods and malware known to have worked in the past. “Best practices, if you will,” said Chien.
In contrast, the Lazarus Group seemed to develop its techniques in a bubble, finding its own quirky path and defying conventional criminal wisdom. Even the hacker culture the “Guardians of Peace” parroted in the Sony attack seemed strangely out of touch. The hackers splashed Sony desktops with the image of a smiling skeleton on a dark background below 48-point crimson letters declaring “Hacked By #GOP”—an electronic calling card that would have felt at home on a 1995 website defaced by “Global Hell.”
North Korea's technological and cultural isolation might help explain this phenomenon, said Gordon G. Chang, the author of Nuclear Showdown: North Korea Takes on the World, and a Daily Beast contributor. “North Korean hackers live in a tightly knit community and I'm sure that they're overseen by minders,” he added. But their isolation doesn't last forever. “They're given a little bit of training, and after that they're sent out to get the bulk of it. So it's not a completely indigenous program.”
By last fall, the North Korean hackers had grown a more worldly side. In October, security experts discovered that a Polish bank had been infected with previously unseen malware. Once again there were links to prior attacks by the Lazarus Group, but this time the malware was served from an unlikely source: the website of the government agency that regulates Poland's banks, the Financial Supervision Authority. The hackers had penetrated the agency's hosting servers and changed the website to secretly deliver malware to visitors.
That tactic, called a “watering hole attack,” is among the more sophisticated tools in the modern hacker's arsenal. Instead of attacking individual targets of interest, you hack a website that some portion of your target group is likely to visit, and use it to infect them. Your prey comes to you, like a hunter crouching behind a tree at a Serengeti watering hole.
By using a watering hole, the Lazarus Group demonstrated it was evolving at a near supernatural pace. “In 2012 they started out like other hackers started in the '90s, and now they've caught up to 2017,” said Chien. “They took a 10- to 20-year timeline and compressed it into five years.”
Despite their rapid advancement, Kim Jong-un's hackers made a crucial misstep in deploying their attack in Poland. The perpetrators tried to limit their exposure by programming the server to deliver malware exclusively to visitors coming from known banking institutions. Random users reading the Polish Financial Supervision Authority website—those who weren't coming from an internet IP address range on the watering hole's hit list—were exposed to nothing more harmful than a report on Poland's pension system.
But the hackers failed to cull their target selection list before putting it in action, and it didn't just contain Polish banks. The list was packed with addresses for 104 organizations in 31 countries, most of them financial institutions. In an apparent attempt to scale its attack for mass delivery, North Korea inadvertently published its entire game plan.
The target list included Bank of America, MasterCard, the European Central Bank, the Czech National Bank, Deutsche Bank in Germany, Mellon Bank in New York, the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, the Bank of Nova Scotia, ICICI Bank in Mumbai, Macquarie Group in Australia, HSBC, and the Bank of Estonia. On a map of the world, Kim's sharpest adversaries are the U.S., South Korea, and Japan. But on the internet, he's declared war on nearly everybody.
It's an alarming development that positions North Korea as a potential cybercrime juggernaut. The country has an entire department, called Office 39, devoted to organizing and carrying out crime, and an army of professional hackers, said Bechtol. “How many people have taken 7,000 troops and said, ‘OK, we're going to make you guys cyberwarriors now,'” Bechtol said. “And then decided, ‘OK, now we're going to use you to steal money for our government.' Who would do that? But that's what it appears North Korea has done.”
Even beyond its size, being the first state-run heist crew gives the Lazarus Group advantages over most organized criminal enterprises. Russian hackers have staged SWIFT-based heists, but they've never tried to steal $1 billion in one day. One reason is they lack the resources and connections to metabolize that kind of cash, a problem that doesn't burden North Korea, which already controls a vast international money-laundering network to handle its criminal proceeds. “It goes in a slush fund that's scattered into banks all over the world,” said Bechtol. “Then it's funneled illegally back into North Korea.”
Kim's reputation for ruthlessness may also be an asset. When the money mules showed up at Rizal Bank to withdraw the $81 million Bangladesh windfall, the bank manager chose not to make trouble, according to testimony delivered at a Philippines senate hearing last year. “I'd rather do this than me being killed or my family,” she was overheard saying.
With no sign that North Korea is backing off its nuclear program or cyberattacks, we're left with this: Trump, an inexperienced and unpredictable president elected with the help of Vladimir Putin's hackers, may soon take the U.S. to war with North Korea, in response to missile tests funded in part by Kim's hackers. If we survive, future writers of fourth-grade history textbooks are going to have a devil of a time with 2017.
The dog that discovered 10-year-old Kyle Camp was searching for her four puppies, which were found huddled with Kyle and were thought to have kept him warm throughout the night. NBC's Rehema Ellis reports.
An Alabama man credits a dog and her four puppies for helping rescue a 10-year-old boy with Down syndrome who was lost in the woods for 18 hours.
“Those puppies kept him company, they kept him warm and comfortable,” Jamie Swinney of Hackleburg, Ala., told NBC News on Thursday. “We don't know what would have happened to him had the puppies not been with him. And credit goes to the mother dog for leading me to the boy.”
Kyle Camp went missing from his home about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday. After his family failed to locate the boy they called police for help about 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, according to NBC station WAFF-TV.
WAFF TV Kyle Camp was brought out of the woods Wednesday morning.
Word spread fast through the town of about 1,400 residents and at least 150 people left their homes and jobs to look for Kyle, authorities said.
Police say it's believed that Kyle walked away from home and might have followed the family dog -- and her four puppies in tow – for a mile and half into the woods heavily populated with oak and pine trees.
Stay informed with the latest headlines; sign up for our newsletter
Teams of volunteers -- flanked by police officers and fire crews from surrounding communities -- searched through neighborhoods, roads and the wooded area behind the boy's single-story home.
Swinney, owner of Bo's Restaurant, found the boy wet, shivering and shoeless in a creek about 8:30 a.m. on Wednesday. Kyle's bare feet were submerged in water and four puppies piled on the boy.
After a young Alabama boy gets lost in the woods, two of his family's puppies manage to find him, and keep him warm overnight, until the mama dog led rescuers to them all the next day. WAFF's Marie Waxel reports.
"I know Jamie dropped everything he was doing to find that child," Swinney's mother, Joan Swinney, told NBC News on Thursday. "He was yelling into the woods for him, 'I'm coming for you, Buddy, I'm coming'. I knew he wouldn't give up finding a friend's child. When he found the child, he was hungry, cold and afraid, and Jamie handed him his Dr. Pepper."
"She's exaggerating a bit," said Jamie Swinney with a chuckle. "I was yelling his name, saying 'I'm coming for you'. He was in the creek and he was with the puppies.”
"But it wasn't me who should take the credit," Jamie Swinney said.
Watch the most-viewed videos on NBCNews.com
He said the hunt's unsung hero was the mother of mixed-breed litter.
"I knew if anyone was going to find the boy it was going to be the mother of the puppies and I all I had to do was follow the mother dog," Swinney said. "She had been barking and running along and I took off after her."
Kyle was expected to return home on Thursday after being treated for minor scrapes and bruises at a hospital in Hamilton.
"It's amazing we could all come together like this," Kyle's brother, Chris Bailey. told WAFF-TV. "It was amazing how many people came together to look, because we couldn't have gotten it all on our own. It's just amazing the community is that close to each other.”
More content from NBCNews.com:
Follow US news from NBCNews.com on Twitter and Facebook
Many Syrian people sacrificed their lives to prevent their homeland from splitting in a long-standing war against terrorism. Suheil “the Tiger” al-Hasan, one of the most famous SAA commanders, sets a shining example of devotion to duty. His diligence and dedication allowed him to get the rank of Brigadier General and earn the respect of his subordinates.
Suheil – a thin, tall, neat and charismatic man – is one of the first graduates of the Syrian Arab Air Force Academy in Homs. He graduated in 1991 in the rank of lieutenant. He is Alawite by faith like the current President of Syria Bashar al-Assad. The General is known to have a little son that he has not seen for more than 5 years. In an interview, Suheil al-Hasan once said that he vowed to meet his son only after a complete victory over jihadists.
Retired Brigadier General from Jordan Nadji al-Zubi says General Suheil is the illustration of a selfless fighter who serves to protect his homeland's honor and dignity. “His decision not to see his family”, al-Zubi outlined, “is a desperate challenge he set for himself in his bid to liberate his country from terrorists.”
Suheil al-Hasan committed to fighting against al-Qaida terrorists when they became active in Syria in 2005-2006, long before the outbreak of the civil war. Then-Colonel Suheil al-Hasan proved effective in the service. He was transferred to Special Forces of the SAA in 2011. When the war began, he fought against the Jabhat al-Nusra terrorists in his small homeland – the province of Latakia, where he managed to thwart the jihadists and prevent them from capturing key coastal cities. Suheil then was transferred to the province of Hama, where severe fighting against jihadi forces took place.
The SAA servicemen nicknamed Suheil al-Hasan “The Tiger” for his lack of fear. After his success in 2013, he got a generous reward – he was instructed to prepare a special unit to primarily conduct offensive operations. Many of soldiers were personally selected by Suheil and now his “Tigers” is the most combat-capable unit in Syria.
His brothers-in-arms regard their General to be a well-disciplined man who strictly follows military regulations. The commander of the “Tigers” is also considered to be one of the most prominent corruption-fighter in the military. His soldiers are forbidden from marauding under the threat of execution by firing squad.
The popularity of the “Tigers” is so high that many Syrian military men dream of fighting under the command of General Suheil. There are 80, 000 soldiers in his unit now. It is highly trained and regularly paid military personnel.
The “Tigers” were transferred to the province of Hama after carrying out a successful offensive in the province of Aleppo, where they took up arms against militant groups in a number of fierce clashes. The young Syrian commander impressed leaders of the Syrian Army after he managed to successfully liberate two cities – Murek and Kafr Zita, North Ham province. After that, he was invited to lead all the SAA forces in Hama. It meant the promotion to Brigadier General but Suheil al-Hasan declined. He explained that he wanted to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with his subordinates on the battlefield.
With this decision made, Suheil became a living legend for to the other service members. The “Tigers” then were sent from Hama to the East of Homs province to help the Syrian Army retake a large gas field in Ash Shaer. Suheyl's forces successfully completed this task in a month, and by the end of 2014 the entire area was cleared of ISIS.
In 2015, the “Tigers” fought against jihadists in the province of Idlib. The same year in the summer, one of Suheil's bodyguards was killed by enemy sniper fire in an assassination attempt. The colonel got off with a minor wound and was again seen on the front line in Aleppo in August. By that time his troops gained a significant advance, liberated numerous villages, and broke a three-year siege from the Kuweyris military airbase, southeast of the province.
In February 2016, the “Tigers” were once again transferred to Aleppo. They were tasked to restore important supply routes near the city of Hanasser. Suheil al-Hasan forces drove the terrorists back in 8 days and cleared Hanasser from ISIS, managing to restore the Itria-Aleppo rout known as “road of life”.
The battle for the Kuweires airbase became a symbol of courage and a turning point in Suheil's military career. 600 soldiers were besieged by ISIS terrorists and had to shatter persistent attacks of the superior enemy forces. The SAA launched an operation to break the siege of Kuweires. The entire concept of the operation was provided by Colonel Suheil al-Hasan. His “Tigers” joined the operation in mid-October and the besieged airbase was released by early November.
It was after that that Hasan was promoted to Major General. He skipped the rank of Brigadier General he refused to be promoted to a year earlier, becoming the youngest General of the Syrian army.
Under the leadership of their permanent commander Suheil al-Hasan, the “Tigers” carried on with their successful offensive against ISIS. Soon, they liberated the entire province of Aleppo, and the west bank of the Euphrates, stretching across the provinces of Rakka and Deir ez-Zor.
The city of Deir ez-Zor was liberated with the direct participation of the “Tigers”, after a three-year siege. Over the past 2 months, Suheil has led a mop up operation in the area, stretching from the right bank of the Euphrates to the Iraqi border. He is now close to successfully completing this task.
On December 11, 2017, Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Khmeimim airbase in the province of Latakia, where he met Bashar al-Asad and General Suheil al-Hasan. This meeting boosted the morale of Russian and Syrian soldiers and demonstrated close Russian-Syrian military cooperation. Suheil's presence at the meeting shows that leaders of the two countries heed the words of the respected General who is always on the frontlines.
A Russian serviceman who saved a Syrian Officer was also present at the meeting. Accomplishing such a feat is an important marker that demonstrates cohesion and integrity between Russian and Syrian armies, President Bashar al-Asad outlined.
A Lebanese military expert Charles Abi Nader is convinced that Suheil al-Hasan has played a crucial role in Syria's victory over terrorism. Suheil has always been on the frontlines which helped him to better understand forces posture and meticulously plan all the operations always leading to the governmental forces winning. Besides, the legendary General standing shoulder-to-shoulder with the soldiers boosted their morale dramatically.
Al-Hasan is widely known for his loyalty to President Bashar al-Assad. He is Asad's closest military commander and trusted to take the most critical and dangerous tasks.
Throughout his military career, General Suheil al-Hasan became one of the most respected people in the Syrian Arab Republic. Qualities he applies both on the battlefield and in the command of his units became a symbol of his take-it-or-leave-it approach to fighting down the enemy. As the President's closest confidant, Suheil has always demonstrated devotion and readiness to perform the most difficult tasks.
The presidential election will be held in Syria in 2021. Bashar al-Assad hinted many times he was ready to cede his post to an experienced and energetic candidate. As a living legend General Suheil al-Hasan has all chances to make a worthy successor to the post of national leader. This opinion is highly supported on social media by the Syrian people. Many users, who support Suheil al-Hasan, react to every news piece related to the great success of this nobleman with battery of approving comments. Some of them ask him to continue his fight for Syria's future on the political stage. Syrian people consider him one of the men who will restore Syria's former greatness in the Middle East undermined by years of civil war.
It's been more than a year since an Irish print shop spurned a gay couple who had hoped to order invitations to their same-sex wedding. But even though marriage equality has been the law in Ireland almost a full year, the owners of Beulah printing in Drogheda refuse to march with the times.
The owner, Noel Tuite, confirmed to the Irish Mirror newspaper he turned away Julieanne Grant upon learning she was ordering invitations to a lesbian wedding.
“It is true. We declined to print the invitations,” Tuite reportedly told the paper. “We are Christians. It was on grounds of our faith.”
Grant posted her disgust on Facebook:
Jonathon Brennan and his partner, now husband, John Kierans, were forced to find another printer for their wedding in March last year. In December, Ireland's Parliament passed a bill removing religious exemptions from the nation's LGBTQ anti-discrimination laws.
This Story Filed Under
Perth man charged after alleged naked rampage at day care centre and assault of women
Updated
A Perth man is facing 18 charges after allegedly going on a naked rampage in which he doused a contractor at a day care centre with petrol, and attacked two women in their homes with a brick and a pitchfork.
Police allege the man, 55, broke into a home on Davenport Street in Karrinyup early on Friday morning and attacked a sleeping woman with a brick.
He then broke into another home and punched a 59-year-old woman before attacking her with a pitchfork while naked, police said.
Afterwards he allegedly broke into two more properties in the area, forcing a 73-year-old man to flee his home before entering a day care centre where he damaged a window and threatened people with a timber handle.
It is alleged he then got into a struggle with a 68-year-old male contractor at the centre, before dousing him with petrol and leaving.
He is also accused of smashing a car window and ploughing his own car into the brick pillar of a home, causing structural damage.
He was arrested by police a short distance away.
Forensic detectives spent Friday gathering evidence from the extensive crime scene.
Blood had to be cleaned from the exterior of Karrinyup Public Library, almost a kilometre from where the rampage came to an end.
The two women injured in the attack are being treated in hospital for non-life threatening injuries.
The woman who was attacked with the brick was expected to undergo surgery on Saturday.
The man is facing 18 charges, including three of aggravated burglary and two each of intent to cause grievous bodily harm and making threats to kill.
He is currently in a stable condition in Royal Perth Hospital and is receiving treatment for injuries relating to the incidents.
He was due to face a bedside hearing on Saturday.
Topics: crime, community-and-society, police, courts-and-trials, karrinyup-6018
First posted
Chauncey Billups was due to make $14.3 million this season, so each game lost to the NBA lockout costs the New York Knicks point guard a lot of money.
Yet he's prepared to miss many more game checks -- perhaps an entire season's worth -- while the players' association stands its ground in negotiations with the owners.
"For the betterment of the league going forward, that's just something that I'm going to have to sacrifice and that's kind of the position I'm in," Billups said on ESPN New York 1050's "The Stephen A. Smith Show."
Wednesday marked the 125th day of the NBA lockout. Players and owners are divided on many issues, including how to split league revenue and how to structure the salary cap.
"I'm willing to fight with the union," Billups said. "Do I want to lose $14 million or whatever it might be? I don't want to lose a dime. My career is almost over. I want all of that. But at the same time, I was in that other lockout (in 1998-99) and I know what those older guys were willing to do for me. ... I'm in that position now and that's where I stand."
Late last week, there was optimism that an 82-game season may be salvaged but talks fell apart when the league refused to budge from its proposal of a 50/50 split of basketball-related income and the players held at 52.5 percent.
Shortly thereafter, NBA commissioner David Stern canceled all games through Nov. 30, including Wednesday's Knicks season opener against the Miami Heat.
Billups, 35, who's in the final year of a $60.5 million contract, said he has spoken to "a lot of players" who are willing to sit out the season if it means signing a CBA they feel is fair.
GUATEMALA CITY -- “No one will throw you out of here,” says the woman with the jaunty ponytail and the cheer of a motivational speaker. “Here we'll give you affection.” Then she sends some love in the direction of Guatemala, the ostensible home of the bleary-eyed deportees who have just descended from U.S. government-funded flights a few feet away. “Our volcanoes! Our mountains! Everything we have!”
By the time she gets to the tortillitas and tamales and call-and-response, the deportees -- the vast majority of them young men, a handful of them minors -- are smiling. Some of them even wink and flirt. This may well be the least exhausting part of their journey.
Advertisement:
“Together, we'll work to do what we can to help the country rise,” continues the greeter, a Guatemalan government employee meeting her third plane of deportees today. She's poised with a wireless mic before a banner reading, “You're already in your country with your people” in Spanish and Kekchi, a Mayan language.
But any enthusiasm transmitted to the deported, who then shuffle out the door carrying their earthly belongings in thin, transparent plastic bags, is often temporary.
“Some of them get on a bus here and go right back to the border with Mexico to cross again,” says Jorge, one of the employees here with the International Organization for Migration, which has a table set up just outside the holding room with telephones and transportation assistance. He is standing by the first of a series of one-way doors, handing out energy drinks. “Some of them have never been to the capital, or they don't know how to speak Spanish because they've spent their lives in the U.S.” There are usually familiar faces among the pack; he saw one man who claimed to have been deported seven times.
Their initial needs are practical: changing Mexican pesos or U.S. dollars, figuring out if their families are on the other side of the iron door being guarded by a baby-faced, heavily armed soldier, getting a ride. After that, reintegrating from one of the wealthiest countries in the world to a country where 51 percent of the population lives on less than $2 a day, one beset with violent crime, is more complicated.
But more than ever, this return trip is the reality for migrants. Last year, the United States deported more undocumented migrants than ever in history, nearly 400,000 of them, a number that has skyrocketed from a mere 7,029 in 2004. After Mexicans, Guatemalans made up the largest group of deportees, with about 29,000 “forced returnees” by air. Another 28,000 were deported overland from Mexico. An estimated 1.3 million Guatemalans live in the United States, equal to about 10 percent of the Central American country's population, and remittances – money sent home by migrants – regularly make up about 10 percent of GDP.
The surge in immigration enforcement, and in tools designed to ramp it up, began under President George W. Bush but has expanded under Barack Obama's administration, a fact not lost on pro-immigration advocates, some of whom are referred to it in Spanish as the “deportation administration.” The strategy has been to target “criminal aliens,” rather than, as Obama himself put it, “folks who are just looking to scrape together an income." In fiscal year 2011, 55 percent of deportees had been convicted of a crime, compared to 31 percent when Obama assumed office. That said, the Association of Immigration Lawyers of America (AILA) has pointed out that the Department of Homeland Security “made no distinction between people convicted of petty misdemeanors and violent felons, putting a person convicted of loitering on par with a drug kingpin.”
Advertisement:
In a June memo, Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton said that pending deportation cases would be subject to “prosecutorial discretion,” meaning that special consideration would be given depending on family situation, length of time in the U.S., and so on. And President Obama also supports the DREAM Act, which would give a path to citizenship to young immigrants who were brought to the country as minors and are enrolled in the military or college but has repeatedly failed in the Senate. Meanwhile, intra-Republican discussions on the topic have in the past year ranged from Herman Cain suggesting Great Walls with alligator-filled moats, to Rick Perry coming under fire for supporting a Texas version of the DREAM Act, to Mitt Romney advocating "self-deportation."
The Obama position seems to be trying to have it both ways: seeming tough on enforcement while suggesting humane, if narrow, accommodations. But according to a November survey AILA conducted of its members, “the overwhelming conclusion is that most ICE offices have not changed their practices since the issuance of these new directives.” Indeed, a recent report by the Applied Research Center estimated that 5,100 children are in foster care because their primary caregivers were deported; another report by the University of California at Berkeley Law School found that about one-third of the 226,000 immigrants deported under “Secure Communities,” a program that links local law enforcement to immigration status, had spouses or children who are U.S. citizens.
That includes men like the one who gave his name as Armas, deported from the last plane this February afternoon. It's his first time back in Guatemala in 17 years. He's left a wife and five children, including a newborn, back in New Jersey, all U.S. citizens. He thinks he was either 15 or 17 when he left, he isn't sure. He says he was deported because in 1995, he was “drunk and stupid” and got a criminal record, though he declines to elaborate. What waits for him outside the gates, he isn't sure – and anyway, he plans to be back in the U.S. soon.
Anastasio, 21, says he managed to stay in the U.S. for four years, working as a cook in a Mexican restaurant in Virginia until getting deported last summer. In December, he decided to make the crossing again. “I didn't need a coyote, because I remembered the way,” he says. It was much harder the second time, he said. And that time, he was deported on the same day he entered the United States, after getting caught in a convenience store in Tucson, Ariz. He spent Christmas in detention. “I love Guatemala, but I had to get out for a better future,” he shrugs. His girlfriend is waiting for him back in Virginia, he says.
Advertisement:
Anastasio can't find the phone numbers for his family, who live in the northern lowlands of El Peten – he had them pinned to his pants, he says, but they didn't make it through detention -- and he has no idea where to reach them. So today he's going to hop in the van for Casa del Migrante, a Catholic shelter in Guatemala City's Zone 1 that hosts the most desperate cases.
*
If migrants come legless, says Father Francisco Pellizari, the Argentine-born priest who runs the shelter, they can stay a few months at Casa del Migrante. Train accidents in crossing Mexico are common enough that the center has a prosthesis expert on call. More often, the migrants get psychological counseling and legal counseling. Migrants can arrive traumatized, he says, either from harrowing experiences, like rape, assault, or being trafficked, during the crossing, or from the shock of their detention and deportation. (The consensus, unsurprisingly, is that it's better to be detained in the U.S. than in a Mexican prison.) Migrants will often mortgage whatever possessions they have – usually land in the countryside, or their home – on the informal market at usurious rates, and if they get deported before they can earn much money, they return facing not just a sense of failure but also an enormous debt.
Advertisement:
Casa del Migrante opened its receiving program in the Guatemala City airport last April in response to the jump in deportations; it works with the IOM, which in turn gets USAID funding for some of its reintegration programs. There are three Casas del Migrante in Mexico, and one more in Tecun Uman, a Guatemalan border town. (The organization publishes a magazine, the most recent issue of which contains a stinging critique of Obama administration policies and, in the back, a word puzzle -- you have to find words like “crisis” and “security” -- and a maze in which you “help a lost migrant” – a silhouette with a backpack -- “find the way home.”)
Pellizari spent 14 years in the Mexican shelter, but says, “Here in Guatemala it's worse, because there are even fewer opportunities. There are no jobs.” They can help with the first few weeks or months, but the long-term is beyond the resources of either the first-aid nonprofits or the existing Guatemalan governmental efforts. An IOM official told me they have helped 3,000 migrants with “social reintegration,” but said job placement services had so far managed to help only about 20 people find jobs, though more may have found employment on their own.
From what Pellizari is seeing, the migrants are undeterred by increased deportations or a tougher economic situation in the United States. Sometimes, he says, migrants' families in Guatemala will even send what money they can to an unemployed relative in the U.S., a remittance in reverse to help them hang on until things improve.
Advertisement:
Meanwhile, this month the IOM is collaborating on an ad campaign, mostly on local radio stations, in Guatemala and Mexico, trying to discourage people from migrating by discussing the significant risks and dangers in crossing the border. It can understandably be a touchy subject, not just with the government but with the average Guatemalan.
Miguel, a Guatemalan working in the tourism industry, told me he welcomed the spike in deportations. “They belong here with their families,” he said. “Only the greedy migrate.” In some towns, he claimed, men were marrying two women to meet the shortage of available husbands.
When tourists praise the more lavish houses that dot the side of the road – usually, the ones with more than one story – he says he tells them cheerfully, “That's your money.” Besides, he says, all of the women who make the crossing get raped. He even knows a Mexican truck driver who smuggles women across the border. He bragged to his Guatemalan friend that he has the best job because he gets to “have sex” with a different woman every night. “He rapes them,” Miguel said, in case it wasn't clear. (Among deportees, women commonly make up only about 5 percent.)
One 18-year-old Kekchi Mayan girl, Loita, has heard the stories – her parents told her about how women are raped by coyotes and narcotraffickers to try to get her to stay home. She even has a cousin who made it across the border that way. “I asked her how she could sleep with some man she didn't want to sleep with,” she told me. “She said she just closed her eyes and thought about her family.” But she insisted she would migrate someday anyway. “I want to make my dreams come true,” she said. One American tourist she told this to, she recalled recently, asked her why on earth she'd want to leave. After all, the lake she lived near was so beautiful. Wasn't that enough?
Advertisement:
Back at the airport, another deportee, Oscar Gonzalez Mejia, knows his way around well. He spent eight years working in the United States, mostly in Maryland. But after getting deported last year, he was lucky enough to find a job -- working for the IOM, greeting and helping fellow deportees. These days, it's a growth industry.
It's no secret that George Soros is a big advocate of U.S. criminal justice reform. It is also no secret that he has provided big money to the empty-the-prison groups and others.
Until a few days ago, however, we didn't know just how big a role Soros played.
Republicans — and particularly conservatives — who have bought into the criminal justice reform initiative, may have been drawn into something other than what they saw on the surface. Certainly many of the reasons for their advocacy are well-intentioned and deserved. But a careful review of George Soros' intentions, his prominent involvement, leadership and money provided on the issue is recommended, and may give pause to over-enthusiasm.
The release of reams of leaked documents from Soros' Open Society Foundation several days ago makes it clear that Soros money has largely fueled the reform effort that has been enacted by several state legislatures, and has been included in federal legislation waiting for congressional approval. According to the leaked documents, “The Open Society Foundation remains among the largest contributors of philanthropic dollars to reform strategies specifically targeted to reducing incarceration.” The document mentions other donors, including the Koch Foundation, The Pew Charitable Trusts and others as significant donors, but “limited in their focus.”
George Soros has little interest in assisting prisoners who languish in U.S. prisons, and he has little interest in making life safer, or better, for American taxpayers. Rather, his interest is doing as much damage to the future of America as he, and his money, can possibly do, in as short a time as possible. Soros, by his own admission, believes that the principle obstacle to a stable and just world order is the United States, and that capitalism is the main enemy to what he calls an open society. He is an admitted socialist (not of the democratic, Bernie Sanders variety) and has promoted a socialist agenda across the globe. He believes in open borders, the expansion of the welfare estate, and an increase in every sort of tax. In a word, he is a committed leftist who puts his money where his mouth is. Documents now available from the Soros foundation make clear just how involved Soros has been, and what his motivations are regarding reforming the criminal justice system.
At the heart of the campaign is the dismantling of “mass incarceration” and reduction of the U.S. prison population by 50 percent by 2023. Coupled with that: Reforming national drug policy from a criminal justice to health-based approach, reforming police practices, and decimalizing juvenile justice.
But written all over the leaked documents is the premise that it is not only a question of dramatically reducing the U.S. prison population in only seven years. It is also a question of whom will be released. Consistent with what other left-wing criminologists have stated, the Open Society Foundation recognizes that there are simply not enough non-violent and low-level offenders in prison to reach the 50 percent mark, and that their ultimate goal is to release violent and repeat offenders as well:
“Although understandable for political reasons, we know that a continued focus solely on reforms associated with less serious offenses cannot cut the U.S. prison population in half in the near or intermediate term. For these and other reasons, we developed our strategy on the assumption that reducing incarceration to 50 percent of 2012 levels by 2023 would require a broadened policy debate that more effectively calls into question the efficacy of current policy in keeping communities safe and that involves expanding the viability of policy reform options that address extreme prison sentences and terms, for which there does not currently exist public support or political will.”
Soros is sufficiently realistic to know that the elimination of “mass incarceration” will not happen without the participation of both conservatives and the black community, and praises the “emergence of political conservatives and the reawakening of a largely long-silent African-American leadership in the call of rolling back mass incarceration.” He recognizes that adherence to libertarian principles has brought some conservatives to the cause, “as embodied in the 2010 creation of the conservative Right on Crime think tank…and the Koch brothers recent commitment to ending over-criminalization.”
The recent increase in violent crime — “uptick” is Soros's word — is recognized as a detriment to passage of legislation, and warns that advocates and funders will need to be vigilant in responding to concerns such as the Ferguson Effect. No concern for the victims or the property destroyed, only for the cause — emptying the prisons. The Foundation also recognized the danger that could flow from violent offenders released before their time who continue to commit crimes after their release — a situation at the heart of criticism of early release which could, the Soros people believe, rein in conservative advocates for reform. Said the foundation: “Another challenge arose in mid-January, when authorities in Ohio alleged that one such man released early brutally murdered his wife and two young children. The news led some on the right to call for an end to the program. This turn of events will test the strength and will of the conservative voices within the bipartisan coalition to continue to support reforms.”
Confrontations — and riots — with the police are viewed by Soros as a silver lining, energizing the African-American community to the cause. The Open Society Foundation, in fact, granted $1 million to a group in Baltimore, after the riots, “to accelerate the dismantling of structural inequality generated and maintained by local law enforcement and to engage residents in shaping and monitoring reform.” The grant, the foundation stated, would “create a culture of accountability for policing in Baltimore, recognizing the pervasive racism, disrespect and lawlessness hat give rise to recent events.”
Another silver lining to Soros was “the killings of multiple unarmed black men and boys by police in several places across the country, which have further consolidated the engagement of the black community and leadership in efforts to challenge mass incarceration, now creating perhaps the best opportunity we have seen to transition the national reform conversation from a narrow and cold cost/benefit calculation to one grounded in justice and rights.”
No concern for those killed, no concern or sympathy for the officers caught in impossible situations, no sympathy for innocent bystanders injured by the riots, or for businessmen ruined by the violence. And certainly no concern for the truth. Only concern for the cause.
Believe it or not, but we're already approaching two years since Kanye linked up with adidas to release the first YEEZY Boost 350. What started as a snowflake (albeit a big one) has snowballed into a seemingly unstoppable avalanche, with the latest releases only intensifying the hype.
Unfortunately for sneakerheads, that came at a price. Pairs are so scarce, thanks to both bots and people with inhuman mouse-maneuvering skills, that fans around the world are now wearing fake YEEZYs — whether knowingly or not. Read below for how to spot fake YEEZYs.
you probably got bootleg Yeezy's on right now… — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) February 13, 2016
The online community is split into two camps: the larger, louder bunch that thinks fake shoes are the ultimate faux pas any sneakerhead can ever commit; and the smaller, coyer group who are simply fed up with resell prices and are willing to forego the real deal to get the look.
Both groups, however, need to know how to spot them. The former because, you know, they might actually die if they knew they were rocking fake kicks, and the latter so they don't get ripped off paying official prices for unofficial shoes. So, let's take a look.
How to Spot Fake YEEZYs
The fakes are getting closer to real deal than ever before, but that doesn't mean there aren't a few telltale signs to look for when spotting a dud. Here are the big ones for the YEEZY Boost 350 V1, courtesy of Klekt.
Look carefully at the direction of the wave pattern
What you're looking for here is for the tiny lines that make the design so unique to be running left to right. Many fakes erroneously have them running from top to bottom. Eagle-eyed sneaker freaks can mark these as fake from a mile away.
The middle stitching
The stitching straight down the middle of the upper should run all the way down and under the tip of the outsole — you can check this fairly easily by simply running your finger along the seam. It goes without saying that each shoe should be symmetrical.
The heel tabs
The heel tabs should have nine stitches across the center box. Many fakes manage to get this right, but the back stitching is often wrong. There should be stitching on both sides, and the side boxes should have five red stitch spots. The tab and collar is one centimeter.
The insoles
Klekt
The insoles should be going in opposite directions both on top and bottom. Pretty simple, but it's a common mistake.
The laces
The pattern on the laces should be different from that on the upper, resembling something like a cross. They should also be lighter in color.
–
If you're still not sure how to spot fake YEEZYs, check out this video below.
In other sneaker news, adidas Consortium and Sneaker Politics' new Gazelle is inspired by Mardi Gras.
Subscribe
Words: Douglas Greenwood
Main Image: dopekoto.com
Words by Daniel Pearson Life Editor Daniel is the editor of Highsnobiety Life. He grew up in north of England and is now based in Berlin.
Spread the love
Charleston, SC — On July 21, of last year, Joyce Curnell, 50, of Edisto Island became very ill and was taken by ambulance to the hospital while complaining of nausea and vomiting. While she was in the hospital, somehow police were alerted to her presence over unpaid court fees and were dispatched to the scene. The sick woman was then arrested, while in the hospital, and brought to jail — where she would spend the rest of her life.
The family of Curnell has since filed a lawsuit after it was discovered that she was deprived of water until she died.
After she had been discharged from the hospital into police custody, the officers were given instructions to care for her. However, officers and jail medical staff “refused to provide any medical attention to (her) whatsoever,” the court documents stated.
For the last 27 hours of her life, Curnell lay dying in a jail cell, vomiting and too sick to even call for help. Instead of taking medical action after seeing a woman literally dying in her cell, officers gave her a trash bag to vomit in.
According to the court documents, an expert opinion from a local doctor said that her death “more likely than not” would have been prevented had she received proper treatment.
“Simply put,” the doctor said, “Ms. Curnell died because she was deprived of water.”
According to a well-researched report from the Post and Courier, the family attorney, James Moore III, said in a statement that her death resulted from a “deliberate failure.”
“Providing access to reasonable medical care to those under police custody is a necessity, not a privilege,” he said. “It is a constitutional right. We are committed to seeking justice for Joyce and for her family.”
According to the State Law Enforcement Division, they completed their own investigation into the cause of Curnell's death and filed a report. However, the Post and Courier launched their own investigation as well and filed an S.C. Freedom of Information Act request for the document. However, SLED officials refuse to turn it over.
Curnell had no criminal record before a petty shoplifting case in 2011. After going to court, Curnell was put on a payment plan to cover the $1,148.90 in fines related to the charges. Naturally in a position unable to pay, in January of the next year, Curnell stopped making her installments.
In August of 2014, a warrant was issued for her arrest. Almost a year later, officers would wait until she lay in a hospital bed, in an emergency room, with gastroenteritis to arrest her.
The Post and Courier attempted to find out how exactly the police knew she was in that hosptial bed on that fateful day. However, no one could tell them.
What led Joyce Curnell to shoplift in 2011, and what she took is unclear. However, what is clear is that $1,148.90 was not intended for the people from who she stole. Curnell was the victim of state violence used to enforce debt and her death is a tragic example illustrating that debtor's prisons are alive and well in the Land of the Free.
Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world.
Follow @MattAgorist
