IBM Exec to US Gov't: ‘Safeguard' Blockchain Innovation or Risk Falling Behind
IBM Blockchain Technologies Executive Jerry Cuomo testified on May 16 before the President's Commission concerning National Cyber Security. Cuomo spoke on the attributes of blockchain technology and its use in society. The meeting involved a panel of government officials and other technological firm representatives.
Also read: Vitalik Buterin: Russia's Crypto Ban Would Stifle Blockchains
IBM Familiarizes Gov't with New Tech, Again
Jerry Cuomo has been heading IBM's blockchain initiative since the company started its research and development with the protocol. The multinational corporation has also partnered with the Linux Foundation's Hyperledger, which offers distributed ledger tech within a cloud-based system.
Testifying before the commission in New York City, Cuomo wants leaders to look into the benefits of blockchains as soon as possible. Cuomo and many others believe the technology could enhance national security and financial matters, ensuring immutable record keeping and curb cyberattacks. IBM's chief of blockchain technology said to the commission:
Blockchain has tremendous potential to help transform business and society, but it's so strikingly different from what people are used to that many business and government leaders are adopting a wait-and-see attitude — We applaud judicious caution, but, at the same time, we believe that organizations and institutions that don't quickly assess the potential of blockchain and begin experimenting with it risk falling behind as the world undergoes what we see as a tectonic shift.
On the same day in a blog post, Cuomo stated that IBM believes blockchain technology will be an “essential tool” within business and society's transactions. He notes that eighty years ago when the company helped the U.S. create the social security system. Now, with distributed ledger applications, government agencies can have robust trust and security measures and even develop “open source governance.” While speaking to the commission, he noted that Bitcoin is the most well-known permissionless network but added that there is more to the technology than just currency. Cuomo explains to the President's Commission:
While Bitcoin is an anonymous network, industries and government agencies are exploring the use of blockchain in networks where the participants are known — We call this a permissioned blockchain.
Cuomo also told the panel that government should not stifle innovation, but rather “safeguard them.” He believes the technology will revolutionize security and financial management systems. The distributed ledger innovation Cuomo describes could lead to proof-of-identity solutions in social security, data provenance, secure transactions, and sharing intelligence. With blockchain, Cuomo states, officials “could confidentially share information in real time that, when combined with data from other companies, could be used to spot patterns and quickly develop countermeasures.”
What do you think about IBM speaking to the President's Commission concerning blockchain technology? Let us know in the comments below.
Images courtesy of IBM-affiliated websites, and Pixabay.
The Calorie bomb (empty) is an Invention device in the dwarven technology tree. Discovering this device requires the player to have the blueprint unlocked from the dwarven technology tree, level 60 Invention. Success in creating the blueprints earns 32,284.5 Invention experience.
It can be filled with 5 of a chosen fish to charge it and then thrown to heal players in an area of effect. Fish choices are limited to the following:
Up to 4 other players within 2 squares of the user may be healed with a bomb, receiving health equivalent to the fish the bomb is charged with. The user will receive an extra 20% healing. Only one bomb may be deployed every 2 minutes, and only 1 bomb can heal players every 1 minute. Monsters caught in the blast will also receive healing, 5% of the monster's maximum life points.
Creation
Trivia
The former slave known for leading more than 300 people—including her elderly parents—to freedom as a conductor on the Underground Railroad was also a Union spy. Born in Maryland around 1820, Tubman volunteered for the Union as a cook and a nurse before she was recruited by Union officers to establish a network of spies in South Carolina made up of former slaves.
Tubman became the first woman in the country's history to lead a military expedition when she helped Col. James Montgomery plan a night raid to free slaves from rice plantations along the Combahee River. On June 1, 1863, Montgomery, Tubman and several hundred black soldiers traveled up the river in gunboats, avoiding remotely-detonated mines that had been placed along the waterway. When they reached the shore, they destroyed a Confederate supply depot and freed more than 750 slaves.
After the war, Tubman tried to collect $1,800 for her service but was unsuccessful. Due to the service of her late husband, she did receive a widow's pension of $8 per month beginning in June 1890. The government authorized a payment of $25 a month to Tubman beginning in January 1899, but Tubman only received $20 per month until her death in 1913, when she was buried with military honors at Fort Hill Cemetery in Auburn, New York.
In 2003, after students at the Albany Free School brought the issue of Tubman's remaining pension to the attention of New York Senator Hilary Rodham Clinton, Congress authorized a payment of $11,750 to the Harriet Tubman Home in Auburn.
Women still earn significantly less than men. And in the two and a half years since the recovery officially began, men age 16 to 24 have gained 178,000 jobs, while their female counterparts have lost 255,000 positions, according to the Labor Department.
Apparently discouraged by scant openings, 412,000 young women have dropped out of the labor force entirely in the last two and a half years, meaning they are not looking for work.
Among young men, the labor force fell during the recession but has been flat since the recovery began. Today, across all age groups, an unemployed female worker is 35 percent more likely to drop out of the labor force in the next month than an unemployed male worker.
Some studies suggest that women are pickier about their job choices than men. Already earning lower pay, women are less willing to work when wages fall further, especially if they are able to rely on an employed (and these days, often newly re-employed) husband. Women are also more reluctant to work night or weekend shifts, according to government data on how Americans spend their time, partly because they have more family responsibilities.
“The jobs out there just aren't very good, and men seem more willing to take them for whatever reason,” said Jonathan L. Willis, an economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. “The women are looking at those same jobs and saying, ‘I'll be more productive elsewhere.' ”
Then there are societal influences that affect a person's willingness to take a lesser job or return to school.
“There is still this heavy cultural message that men should be out there earning money and supporting themselves, and they feel more distressed by losing their breadwinner role,” said Stephanie Coontz, director of research at the Council on Contemporary Families. “We've made much more progress overcoming the ‘feminine mystique' than this masculine mystique.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
While these roles evolve, community colleges are reporting record enrollment.
Both men and women are going back to school, but the growth in enrollment is significantly larger for women (who dominated college campuses even before the financial crisis). In the last two years, the number of women ages 18 to 24 in school rose by 130,000, compared with a gain of 53,000 for young men.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The education gap aside, in some ways young women will already have an advantage over men in the coming decade. Many of the occupations expected to have the most growth, like home health aides and dental hygienists, have traditionally been filled by women. That is not to say that men cannot take those positions, but they may not want to.
“Today young girls are told they can do anything, go into any occupation. But if boys express any interest in traditionally female occupations, they get teased and bullied,” Ms. Coontz said. “Lots of guys are not understanding what's happening to traditional low-income or middle-income male jobs.”
Jobs in the male-dominated manufacturing industry and in other sectors involving manual labor have been, and still are, in structural decline. These careers can also be hard to maintain indefinitely because youthful strength eventually fades. And now many manufacturing workers do not have pensions to carry them through when their bodies do break down.
“It doesn't surprise me that in a poor economy women are ramping up their schooling,” said Heather Boushey, an economist at the Center for American Progress, a left-leaning research organization. “The real question is: Why aren't more men doing that too?”
The main risk in going back to school is the accompanying student loan debt. Tuition increases have been outpacing inflation for years, a trend accelerated by state budget cuts.
“Our funding per student has been cut 25 percent in the last three years,” said Stephen Scott, the president of Wake Technical Community College in Raleigh , N.C., which is one of the fastest-growing community colleges in the country. Consequently, class sizes have risen, and so has tuition. But the students — again, mostly women — still pour in.
“We now have 6,000 students on a waiting list because we didn't have the resources to offer more classes,” he said.
Those attending more expensive private schools, like Ms. Baker, will have an even tougher time guaranteeing that their educational investment pays off. Including the loans that financed her undergraduate education at Wartburg College in Waverly, Iowa , she will complete her master's program next year owing about $200,000 in debt.
“I have to have faith that I will eventually get a good job that pays enough to pay my living expenses and pay back my loans,” she said, “and hopefully make me happy in the process.”
Why should students study bioethics at a university plagued with bioethical scandals? That's the uncomfortable question here in Minnesota, where our bioethics graduate program is housed in an academic health center seemingly intent on making its way into the Guinness Book of World Records for Disgraceful Behavior. Research death, corruption, scientific fraud, invasion of privacy, nepotism, double-dipping, employment discrimination, manipulation of research data, improper industry influence, a U.S. Senate investigation into hidden conflicts of interest: As soon as the shock of one revelation begins to fade, the press uncovers another one. Which raises the question: Wouldn't being admitted to study bioethics at the University of Minnesota be a little like winning a fellowship to study ethics in the Nixon White House?
The problem is not unique to Minnesota. Like parasites in the bowel of a large animal, bioethics centers seem to thrive at scandal-prone universities. Bioethic has flourished at the University of Pennsylvania, despite Albert Kligman's notorious research at Holmesburg prison, the death of Jesse Gelsinger in a controversial gene-therapy trial in 1999 and an ongoing medical ghostwriting affair; it has thrived at Johns Hopkins, despite the death of Ellen Roche in a healthy-volunteer study and the Kennedy Krieger Institute lead-paint litigation; and it has thrived at Emory University, despite the Nemeroff corruption scandals and the events described in Tom Harbin's alarming book, Waking Up Blind. In fact, a good dose of shameful behavior seems to be a prerequisite for a well-funded bioethics program.
Many university administrators seem to think that leaving a stack of cash on the table for the bioethicists is a good way to make amends for wrongdoing. Bioethicists don't usually complain. When the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues looked at the issue of making reparations to victims of unethical research, it suggested that reparations do not necessarily have to mean monetary compensation to victims. Instead, they may mean more funding for bioethics. For example, when the Clinton administration apologized on behalf of the federal government for the Tuskegee syphilis study in 1997, it also announced a grant initiative to establish a bioethics center at Tuskegee University. Whether the victims of unethical research see a bioethics program as fitting compensation is not for me to say. But if the point is to prevent future wrongdoing, there is not much evidence to suggest that that ramping up a bioethics program helps. The tacit agreement at most institutions seems to be: “We will fund bioethics generously as long as the bioethicists pledge to keep their mouths closed.”
That arrangement seems to work out just fine. When a bioethics scandal erupts at a university, you can generally count on the bioethicists to clam up. They usually don't write about the wrongdoing, and they rarely talk to the press. This is not to say that faculty members at a troubled university don't have good reasons to keep quiet: Maybe they don't have enough information about the issue or sufficient expertise to make a judgment. And it may well be that the bioethicists are working diligently to improve things on the inside — you know, developing “ethics consultation services” and “educational modules,” or even writing a Strongly Worded Memo. None of this justifies keeping information away from prospective students, of course. Students need to know exactly what kind of sewage lies at the bottom of the lake before they dive in.
Twenty-five years ago, the question of what to tell prospective students would probably not have arisen. Most graduate students interested in bioethics migrated into the field from departments of philosophy or religious studies, or maybe a law or divinity school. When medical scandals occurred, everyone observed them from a distance. Now, however, many graduate programs in bioethics are located squarely within centers of medical power, where the scandals are taking place. Sometimes, in fact, the bioethicists are directly involved. The justification bioethicists have traditionally given for embedding themselves in academic medicine has been to get an up-close, inside look at the way medical practice really works. But the view from the inside can be ugly. These days, in fact, it is a lot like looking in the mirror.
It has been over fifteen years since my friend and colleague at McGill University, the late Benjamin Freedman, asked in the Journal of Clinical Ethics why it was so rare to find a bioethicist taking a principled stand about ethical wrongdoing at his or her own institution. The answer is no mystery: It is because that person would probably be punished. Most bioethics programs are built in a way that makes retribution easy. The programs are often funded with soft money; many faculty members work in contract positions; and tenure, if it is granted, usually has to go through other schools or departments. Besides, academic medicine is notoriously hierarchical, authoritarian, and intolerant of dissent. Bioethicists serve at the pleasure of whatever monarch happens to be in power.
The real danger of housing a graduate bioethics program at a scandal-plagued institution has less to do with the curriculum than with the hidden curriculum. And the hidden curriculum for bioethics seems to be: Don't speak up. Keep your counsel. If you feel compelled to do something about wrongdoing, work quietly on the inside. Be a good soldier. Respect your superiors. Submit, conform, obey.
Creative Commons photo of See, Hear and Speak No Evil courtesy of Identity Photogr@phy's Flickr photostream.
Willie "The Wisp" Galimore (March 30, 1935 – July 27, 1964) was an American football running back for the Chicago Bears from 1957–1963. He attended Florida A&M University, working with the legendary coach Jake Gaither. Galimore is a member of the College Football Hall of Fame.
Galimore possessed incredible speed and lateral movement; many of the opposing players of the time stated that they believed Galimore could run side-to-side down the field just as fast as most men could in a straight line. His running style could be said to most resemble the style of Billy Sims or perhaps Terrell Davis, but faster.
In a documentary short by NFL Films on Galimore, it was said that he was probably the last great find before NFL scouting became sophisticated. Bears assistant coach Phil Handler, while scouting for talent in Florida, received a tip about Galimore's prowess as a halfback, and the Bears subsequently drafted him in the 5th round of the 1956 NFL draft. Galimore's peers (including Chuck Bednarik and Doug Atkins) referred to Galimore as one of the best runners they ever faced.
Galimore was killed in an automobile accident on July 27, 1964 in Rensselaer, Indiana at the age of 29 with teammate Bo Farrington. His number 28 has been retired by the Bears.[1]
His son, Ron Galimore, was the first Black U.S. Olympic gymnast.
Willie Galimore's last visit to his hometown of St. Augustine, Florida came just weeks before his death, and he participated in the St. Augustine movement during the Civil Rights Movement, becoming the first Black person who was able to register as a guest at the previously all-white Ponce de Leon Motor Lodge[2] (where the arrest of the 72-year-old mother of the governor of Massachusetts for trying to be served in a racially integrated group had made national headlines a few months before). Galimore's civil rights activism is honored with a Freedom Trail marker at his home at 57 Chapin Street in St. Augustine. His widow, Mrs. Audrey Galimore, took part in the dedication of the marker on July 2, 2007. A community center in the historic Lincolnville neighborhood of the city also bears Galimore's name, and he is depicted on a historical mural painted by schoolchildren on Washington Street.
What happens, as seems more likely, if there isn't one? The answer is that an awful lot of people are going to lose an awful lot of money.
We heard the first rumbles of trouble from these freshly gathering storm clouds last week when unexpectedly strong UK third-quarter growth caused a minor correction to gilt prices. Yet this was fast forgotten.
The latest purchasing managers' index figures, indicating rising confidence in the UK manufacturing sector, were completely ignored. Bond investors continue to look forward with growing certainty to a slow or nil-growth future, where interest rates and inflation remain subdued for years to come. It's happened before – very low inflation and bond yields have persisted for decades in the past - so why not again?
Yet it's not just prospects for a Japanese-style lost decade that are driving bond yields towards record lows. Anticipation of further QE – whereby central banks flood the economy with cash by buying up government debt – is creating a self-feeding spiral of ever-falling rates. This is an accident waiting to happen.
Yet policymakers seem determined to push ahead with QE2. On Wednesday, the US Federal Reserve is expected to sanction a further $500bn (£312bn) of bond purchases. And despite vocal objections from at least four members of the Open Markets Committee, Ben Bernanke, the chairman, has indicated a willingness to keep pumping money into the economy on a more or less indefinite basis until core inflation is unambiguously rising again and unemployment is falling.
It seems rather less probable that the Bank of England will do the same, but you never know. One member of the MPC, Adam Posen, is on record as demanding another £50bn of asset purchases, while Mervyn King, the Bank's Governor, has expressed concern about subdued money growth, and a majority of the MPC seems slowly to be coming round to the idea. If not this month, then maybe next.
There are essentially three reasons for worrying about this latest outbreak of voodoo monetarism; it seems neither to be necessary, nor is it likely to be effective, and it carries significant risks. If QE fails all these tests, then policymakers shouldn't be doing it.
That it is already a done deal in the US tells you as much about the country's growing state of political paralysis – likely to become worse still after today's expected drubbing for the Democrats in mid-term elections - than it does about the policy's underlying economic merits.
Denied the political leadership necessary to pull the economy out of the mire, the Fed is resorting to the only thing left in the tool box to kick-start private-sector job creation – even lower interest rates. It's hard to see why – with real interest rates already in negative territory – an additional slight reduction would make any difference.
If it were possible for householders and smaller businesses to access these very low rates, and relieve themselves of their debt burdens by doing so, then there might be some economic benefit. But of course they can't. In the real economy, usury remains the order of the day. It is only governments and larger companies that can take advantage.
But what QE very definitely does do is create a powerful incentive for everyone to pile aboard the bond-buying bandwagon. If the Fed is about to acquire half next year's expected issuance of Treasury paper, it represents something of a one way bet, regardless of the long-term outlook for inflation and rates.
The purpose of QE is – by driving interest rates ever lower – to create a disincentive to save in the hope that companies and households might consume more or invest in higher risk assets. Paradoxically, the very reverse may be happening.
Funds are still flowing into government bonds in record quantities, for if you know central bankers are going to continue supporting the price, then there is every incentive to buy. Consumption and private sector investment is correspondingly harmed. The phenomenon has also spawned a renewed "search for yield", which creates yet further anomalies. For instance, corporate bond prices have been a major beneficiary of the dash for government debt.
One positive effect has been to enable larger companies to refinance themselves at very low interest rates, which in turn helps banks in deleveraging. This is how QE is meant to work. Yet if these very low rates point to a depression, then you would expect corporate defaults to rise anew once the present growth spurt had run its course. Many corporate bonds are therefore being mispriced.
Similarly, if the Fed succeeds in generating inflation through QE, then logically these very low rates shouldn't exist at all. The Fed seems to want it both ways – lower bond yields and higher inflation. Only in Alice in Wonderland would this be possible.
There is always the possibility that contrariwise, bond markets have got it right – that there is going to be further contraction in the economy and that the price of goods, services and other assets will soon be deflating. But that only adds to the suggestion that far from helping the situation, more QE will only make it worse.
In any case there is little evidence of the deflationary bogey here in the UK, and even in the US, the problem may be one of mis-diagnosis. High structural unemployment, which the US is most unused to, is not the same thing as deflation.
As for the UK, it is becoming ever harder to justify more QE. Nominal GDP growth is back to where it should be, manufacturing has picked up again after the summer soft patch, velocity of money is recovering fast, and inflationary expectations are rising.
It takes quite a leap to think this relatively encouraging position will be completely reversed over the next year or two by the coming fiscal squeeze. Certainly the Bank of England will struggle to convince if that's what next week's Inflation Report says. To engage in more QE would be to overreact to a still unquantifiable risk to growth.
The dangers, on the other hand, of further inflating a bond market already disengaged from underlying fundamentals are all too apparent.
Assuming no default, government bonds will never entirely destroy capital, in the same way as sometimes occurs with equity. But inflation can seriously impair it, and once markets suspect the inflation genie is out of the bottle, the damage is always swift and devastating.
There is an Adguard app for virtually every major platform out there, and we regularly release updates for all of them. This would not be possible without beta testing and, more importantly, beta testers. Want to become one? Here's how you can do it.
How to become a beta tester
We do not have any special requirements. All you need is to use Adguard, update to the beta version when it is available and report all spotted bugs. One important thing, though: you will need either forum or GitHub account (or both :)) to become our beta tester — so you might want to get it over with before going further.
Now, once you have this settled, just follow one of these instructions, depending on the platform you are using:
Windows
Go to this online form and fill all the required fields there. Make sure to indicate information about your PC:
OS version (x86 or x64?);
Browser(s) used and its version;
Antivirus/firewall (name and version).
It is highly recommended to include this information in your forum signature, if you have an account there.
To get the latest beta version either activate Adguard with beta license key you will be provided with, or manually set update channel to 'Beta' in Adguard settings.
Everything related to Adguard for Windows can be found and discussed on GitHub.
macOS
Go to this online form and fill all the required fields there. Make sure to indicate information about your Mac:
OS version;
Browser(s) you use and its version;
Antivirus/firewall name and version (if you use it).
It is highly recommended to include this information in your forum signature, if you have an account there.
To get the latest beta version download it from this link. Once activated with beta license key you will be provided with, the app will use the beta channel for its updates.
Everything related to Adguard for Mac can be found and discussed on GitHub.
Android
Go to this online form and fill all the required fields there. Make sure to indicate information about your device:
Model;
Android version;
Version of OS kernel.
It is highly recommended to include this information in your forum signature, if you have an account there.
You will be provided with a beta license key to activate Adguard on your phone with. The latest beta can be always downloaded from adguard.com/apkb or by switching to beta update channel in Adguard settings.
Alternative: Amazon AppStore beta
We are also looking for Amazon AppStore users who are willing to take part in Adguard beta test. In-app purchases are free for beta testers so there is no need for a license key. Just fill the same online form, but select the respective checkbox.
Amazon is a separate update channel, all updates are served by Amazon app.
Everything related to Adguard for Android can be found and discussed on GitHub.
Adguard/Adguard Pro for iOS
Go to this online form and fill all the required fields there. Make sure to indicate what device you are using. It is highly recommended to include this information in your forum signature, if you have an account there.
You will receive an email with an invitation to TestFlight.
NOTE: sometimes there is no active test build available. In this case, you will not receive an email notification until there is one.
Everything related to Adguard for iOS can be found and discussed on GitHub.
Browser extensions
Yes, we have beta versions of browser extensions too :) Depending on your browser, do the following:
Chromium/Opera
Download Adguard beta extension from Chrome Store.
NOTE: to be able to install extensions from Chrome Store to Opera browser, first install this extension.
Firefox
You can get Adguard beta extension at GitHub by downloading the latest beta version and simply by dragging the downloaded file to your browser.
Users with older Firefox versions or PaleMoon can use our legacy version, it can also be found on GitHub. Same — just drag the downloaded file to your browser to install it.
Edge
Proceed to Adguard Beta store page and click on 'Get the app'. A window will pop up, click on the 'Get' button there and wait for the download to finish. Edge browser will start automatically and ask you to enable Adguard.
Safari
Download Adguard for Safari beta extension from here. Install it by dragging the downloaded file to your browser.
NOTE: beta version of Adguard extension for Safari is updated from our server. In Safari 9+ such updates cannot be applied automatically, you should check «Safari» -> «Extensions» from time to time. Extensions for other browsers will update automatically when needed.
At any time, you can visit this GitHub repository to check if there is a new version available.
How to report a bug
Let's imagine the worst happened — you spotted a bug. Or maybe you just want to share your suggestion with developers? Anyway, there are several ways to let us know:
Go to forum.adguard.com and post there a new thread (or find an existing one) in the beta forum category. Make sure to read forum rules first;
Go to GitHub and find a suitable repository. Create a new issue there and describe the bug/feature request in details;
The two methods above are highly preferable, but you can also use other, if needed:
Find us on various social media, like Facebook, Reddit etc. This is not the most convenient way to discuss technical matters, though.
Contact our support team by sending an email either from in-app support tab or directly to support@adguard.com;
What else?
There is not much to add. You don't have to go out of your way in your search for bugs. You can just use Adguard in a way you normally would, just don't be lazy if you encounter a bug and report it :) Of course, we appreciate any additional effort and/or extra forum activity etc.
From time to time you will receive our newsletter, informing about the latest changes in beta version (in case you miss it) and other important news. You can unsubscribe from it if you want to.
And that's all! If you feel the urge to participate in Adguard beta testing program you now know what to do!
A Rough Guide To Spotting Bad Science
by
I know I've written about this before on the blog, but today I came across two infographics which are worth sharing on how to spot medical quackery. Ben Goldacre, author of Bad Science, classifies science reporting as falling into three categories – wacky stories, scare stories and “breakthrough” stories, the last of which he views as “a more subtly destructive category of science story”.
While the first of these infographics will meet with near-universal approval; the second may not, if the popularity of celebrity doctors and natural medicine are anything to go by! When you are seriously ill, you are vulnerable. We must be wary of so-called miracle cures and doctors. I hope these two guides will help you separate medical truth from fiction.
Third listeria death linked to Jindi cheese
Updated
A third person has died from a listeria outbreak linked to Victoria's Jindi Cheese Company.
The 68-year-old New South Wales man died from listeriosis late last month.
The link to the cheese was confirmed by Victoria's health department this morning.
The listeria outbreak from the company's Gippsland factory has also been linked to the deaths of two other men and one miscarriage.
A further 23 people have also been infected with listeriosis.
The bacteria outbreak was originally linked to the company's one kilogram rounds of brie and camembert.
The company has since extended a nationwide recall to all batches of cheese it manufactured up to January 6, including other brands such as Wattle Valley and Coles The Finest Brie, Blue Cheese and Camembert.
If such cheese is found it should be thrown out or can be returned for a refund.
Jindi has also set up a customer helpline on 1800 680 175.
Topics: food-poisoning, health, diseases-and-disorders, australia, nsw, vic
First posted
Why your coffee break could cost you considerably more this Christmas
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Coffee
* Starbucks
* Tax
* Prices Industrys:
* Lifestyle
* Retail
End
-- The festive season is now upon us. The high street is filling up with shoppers and the cash tills are ringing. This is certainly what the shops are hoping for, especially the American coffee chain, Starbucks.Not content with hitting the headlines through their tax avoidance schemes, Starbucks are now adding fuel to the fire in their decision to raise the prices of their drinks. The increase is set to slap on an extra 10p to your caffeine hit, with an extra 15p on top of the popular Americano. The price rises make Starbucks on average 7.5% more expensive than its competitor Costa and 11.7% more expensive than Café Nero[1].With Arabica coffee prices falling, it's difficult to understand why the increase has been actioned. As of 05/11/13 Arabica coffee futures on Intercontinental Exchange, a commodities trading market, are trading at their lowest in almost five years.Starbucks have defended these rises, adding;“The cost of doing business is going up, from wages to milk to energy, so our prices have to increase slightly.”[2]We all know the cost of doing business is going up, as is the cost of living. However, if Costa and Café Nero have frozen prices, why should Starbucks increase theirs?It appears that the price rises are conveniently creeping up after Starbucks has been exposed for tax avoidance and is now paying tax. Unsurprisingly, Starbucks has only reported taxable profit once in 15 years in the UK. Under pressure from the public and politicians Starbucks made a financial U-turn;"We listened to our customers in December and so decided to forgo certain deductions which would make us liable to pay £10m in corporation tax this year and a further £10m in 2014," a Starbucks spokeswoman said.[3]Starbucks may be paying tax, yet increasing prices for the festive season is unlikely to get them on the top of anyone's Christmas card list. So when you're Christmas shopping on the high street, you may want to think twice about where to stop for a coffee break if you're watching your pennies.As for miserly Starbucks; Bah humbug!Article written by Wisteria ( http://www.wisteria.co.uk/ ) Chartered Accountants.[1] Based on a large cappuccino; Starbucks: £2.85, Costa: £2.65, Café Nero: £2.55[2] http://qz.com/ 143712/coffee- prices-keep- plunging-but- dont-count-on- a-cheaper-cup- of-joe-at-your- local-cafe/ [3] http://www.bbc.co.uk/ news/uk-politics- 23019514
Share Email 226 Shares
By: Sharon Aron Baron
This isn't the first time that the residents of the Woodlands Country Club in Tamarac have spotted coyotes, however, this time, they have a new litter of pups that are curiously exploring the neighborhood.
Shawn Robins, along with his wife Tannah, who have been living in the Woodlands for over two years caught surveillance footage of coyote pups hanging out near their patio area.
“The one by the pool was about 6:30 this morning,” Robins told us on Friday. “Looks like there were two to three of them on the video. We are a bit concerned as we have two year old son, and if they will attack a small dog, who knows if they would attack a small child.
Although there has never been any confirmed attacks on any small dogs in the Woodlands, much less any attacks on humans, earlier this month in Boca Raton two coyotes were caught and euthanized after a dog was killed and a second was snatched, then released, while on a walk with the dog's owner.
Resident Lisa Hermann wrote on the Woodlands Facebook page, “So I see the coyote had babies. This morning around 6:30 a.m. while walking our two dogs, my husband and I saw the coyote and six to seven little ones following running across Woodlands Blvd coming from the east course area of hole 10 and 18.
There have been several coyotes sightings in the past few years in the Woodlands. On November 26 2014, a resident reported that his outdoor cat was attacked and killed outside his home. In 2012, a couple reported that their outdoor cat was killed by a coyote. That same year, a 11 year-old maltese, who accidentally got out of the house was suspected of being killed by a coyote, however, it was never proven.
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission says that normally, coyotes are timid, and shy away from people. Although rare, coyotes have attacked humans. Most attacks resulted in minor bites and scratches to people attempting to intervene in an attack upon a pet. They advise to never leave children unattended in areas known or suspected to be frequented by coyotes.
Lynesy White Dasher, Urban Wildlife Specialist with the Humane Society of the United States, who teaches a a seminar called “Living with Coyotes,” recommends that residents keep their cats and dogs inside as coyotes cannot differentiate between a cat or a woodchuck or rabbit, and not to draw a parallel between a coyote killing a cat thinking it will harm a small child.
Sharon Aron Baron is the Editor of Talk Media and writer for Tamarac Talk, Coral Springs Talk and Parkland Talk. Tamarac Talk was created in 2010 to provide News, Views and Entertainment for the residents of Tamarac.
Story highlights Marco Rubio and Rand Paul weigh in on a dramatic development
Rubio said the key question for escalation is what Russia does next
Washington (CNN) The Turkish downing of a Russian jet on Tuesday injected even more national security intensity into the 2016 presidential race —and GOP candidates were quick to project strength.
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush briefly touched on the incident during a campaign speech in Spartanburg, South Carolina, saying it was the very reason American leadership is needed in the world.
"We're living in a world rife with insecurity," Bush said. "Today was another example of it, where a Russian plane was shot down and a helicopter apparently shot down right behind it. And it's because America's leadership in the world is so necessary for peace and security."
Both Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, colleagues on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, positioned their viewpoints as the best answer to the situation.
Paul released a statement highlighting how his foreign policy positions are distinct from most of his opponents in the GOP primary. The libertarian-leaning Republican in general strongly opposes foreign intervention, and clashed with Rubio in a recent presidential debate over the need to cut back military spending.
Read More
Paris police have charged two after a gang of four African men robbed and gang raped a couple in a shocking anti-Semitic attack, in which one of the perpetrators said: “You must have cash here because you are Jews”.
Two of the men, described as being of ‘African' and ‘North African' origin and twenty years of age have been charged with committing ‘hate crimes' by police, another charged with aiding and abetting, and a fourth is on the run. The attack, which happened in Paris last month started when three of the gang broke into the apartment with a pistol and sawn-off shotgun, and robbed a young couple, who were tied up and threatened with death before the young woman was gang raped, reports France24.
The French interior minister has said the “anti-Semitic nature (of the attack) seems proven”. In full, the charges included gang rape, armed robbery, kidnapping and extortion followed by violence due to religious affiliation.
Victim Jonathan, 21, spoke on French radio of the attack: “They said they knew we had cash in the flat ‘because Jews have money and they never keep it in the bank'… they said, over and over, ‘We're robbing you and we are attacking Jews at the same time – the two things in one”.
The robbers were not correct in their assumption that young Jewish couples don't use banks, and found no cash in the apartment. The attack then became more sadistic as the young couple were held at gunpoint and forced to hand over their bank cards and pin numbers. The thief who went to the cash machine to complete the robbery said: “If I don't come back, it's because the codes were false. Kill them”.
The 19-year old woman was then dragged into the bedroom and gang-raped. After an hour-long ordeal, the attackers made off with jewellery and mobile phones.
French president Hollande has said the attack shows how “evil sweeps through our societies”. It has been identified as being part of the ‘new wave' of anti-Semitism in the country, mainly perpetrated by recently arrived immigrants, rather than the ‘old' anti-Semitism sometimes associated with the unreformed National Front party.
The area where the attack took place, the Sarcelles suburb, has a large resident Jewish population and has been the target for a number of anti-Semitic attacks recently. The same gang targeted an elderly man earlier the same day, and there have been a number of muggings and attacks in past months, including two men who were attacked with brass-knuckles outside a Synagogue.
A synagogue in the locality was also attacked during pro-Palestinian demonstrations earlier in the year, a now common excuse for naked anti-Semitism in many parts of Europe.
With relatively strong weekday numbers and halfway decent audience polling, there was a hope that Suicide Squad would avoid the massive second-weekend drop that befell Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice back in April of this year. That DC Comics sequel fell a whopping 81% on its second Friday, which was a record for a major comic book superhero movie. Well, meet the new boss, same as the old one. David Ayer's supervillain team-up caper earned $13.35 million on its second Friday, a drop of 79% compared to its (admittedly Thursday previews-inflated) $65m opening day.
That brings its eight-day total to $192.4 million domestic, meaning it will inevitably cross $200m sometime today in nine days of release. As far as massive Friday-to-Friday drops, it's sadly in the same league as Fantastic Four (78.7%), Watchmen (-78.4%), The Dark Knight Rises (-76.6%), Hulk (-76.5%), X-Men Origins: Wolverine (-75.8%), Green Lantern (-72%), and Man of Steel (-71.5%). Now, to be fair, Sony's R-rated Sausage Party is performing a bit better than expected, with around $13.5m on its opening day for a likely $32-$37m weekend. But, as was the case with Man of Steel and Batman v Superman, Suicide Squad was supposed to be “the danger.” And for a few days, it was.
And we can expect a $45.5 million second weekend, itself a brutal 66% plunge, right in line with Green Lantern, Man of Steel, Watchmen, X-Men: The Last Stand, and X-Men: Apocalypse for a $225m ten-day cume. Now a $225m ten-day gross for Suicide Squad (with a worldwide total soaring over $400m) is something of a triumph regarding brand interest and marketing might. But the utter lack of legs means that the DC Films universe, three films in, is playing like a massively “for fans only” franchise, akin to the later Harry Potter movies and the Twilight sequels. As long as fan interest doesn't eventually peter out and the budgets account for this apparent ceiling, DC Films can get away with this.
At this general point in time, the DC Comics film franchise is of great appeal to the very specific fan base and arguably nobody else. Those who want to see these movies come hell or high water, specifically because of interest in the universe and the characters, are showing up and then going on their merry way. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but it also means that there is no guarantee that future “better” installments will attract a larger audience. Again, we're talking an over/under $300 million domestic gross for a Suicide Squad film, but it does look like these films are doing little more than preaching to the converted.
Is it the fate of the DC Films franchise to ride a wave of pre-release hype (and pre-release speculation/nitpicking) to massive but massively frontloaded opening weekends only for the rest of the intended general audience to shrug their shoulders in disinterest? Say what you will about these films being "for the fans," but it would appear that the fans are the only ones showing up. These films are not playing to the “casual Saturday night date night crowd,” and their “darker/grittier” sheen aren't making the sale for parents taking their kids. Relatively speaking, these are not playing as general audience blockbusters. If there are $300 million-worth of DC Comics fans/superhero movie fans who like these films or just want to sample the goods each time out, then this isn't a problem.
But, as the likes of Saw and Paranormal Activity can tell you, the fans eventually dwindle in number. It's one thing to have a franchise like Twilight or Harry Potter with a finite number of chapters. Even those who lose a little excitement along the way can make the time to see it through to the end. But the DC Films franchise is supposed to be open-ended, so eventually something will have to change so that they aren't just preaching to the hardcore fan base. Now if Wonder Woman and Justice League spark the beginning of an “improved” DC film franchise, so be it. But they are running out of chances.
The opening plenary of the 2015 New Leaders Meeting of the World Economic Forum (WEF) is held in Dalian, northeast China's Liaoning Province, Sept 10, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]
China seems to be in the same position, economically speaking, that Japan was in the early 1970s. Japan relied heavily on exports to register extraordinary growth in the 1950s and 1960s. But its growth was halted by the 1973 oil crisis, which also had a devastating effect on the world market. During the next decades, Japan's GDP grew 3.4 percent a year, barely 40 percent of the average rate it had achieved in the 20 before the oil crisis. And when its real estate bubble burst in 1993, Japan's GDP began a long period of virtually zero growth, with its domestic price levels declining secularly.
Analysts often associate the “Japan syndrome” to the country's exports-led growth model and demographic changes. Dependence on exports made Japan vulnerable to the shocks suffered by the world market, because the savings accumulated through exports were the source of its real estate bubbles.
In terms of demographics, Japan's labor supply reached its peak in 1993, after which it started sliding toward an aging society; in fact, it now has the highest proportion of aged people. One of the dire consequences of Japan's aging society is the continuous decline in its domestic demand.
China, too, followed an exports-led growth model for faster economic development. Like the 1973 oil crisis, the 2008 global financial crisis dealt a major blow to the world economy. As a result, China's export-oriented growth has decelerated since. And like in Japan in the late 1980s, the exports-led high rate of savings have contributed to China's real estate and stock market bubbles.
Moreover, China's demographic change is ahead of Japan by 20 years in terms of the two countries' per capita GDP. China's per capita GDP today is equivalent to that of Japan in the early 1970s, but China's labor supply has already begun to decline. In 10 to 15 years, China's baby-boom generation, those born between 1963 and 1976, will exit the labor market. Thus the Chinese economy could suffer the same fate as that of Japan.
However, China has one advantage, though, that is, it has a population 10 times that of Japan and an even larger territory. For one thing, the per capita GDP of China's nine coastal provinces/cities is twice as much as that of the inland provinces. As such, the force of convergence will ensure the inland provinces continue to grow even after the coastal region stops growing.
Eastern European countries provide a good example of the force of convergence. In the 1990s, these countries were devastated by the shock therapy they adopted during their transition from command economies to market economies. The turning point came when they joined the European Union and adopted the euro, which turned their backwardness into a great advantage. Now, many of them have joined the ranks of high-income countries.
China as an economy represents the whole of Europe. The global financial crisis has given China's inland provinces a chance to catch up with their coastal counterparts. Thanks to the Chinese authorities' efforts to balance the distribution of industries across the country, several inland cities have become industrial centers; they are ready to accept the industries moving from the coast to the inland. Samsung's big investment in Xi'an, Shaanxi province, is but one example.
It is thus highly possible that China will do better than Japan did between 1973 and 1993. But for the inland provinces to close the income gap with the coastal region in 20 years, they will have to grow 3.5 percent faster. And even if China's coastal region registers a 3.4 percent growth, the same as Japan between 1973 and 1993, the whole country would grow by 5.4 percent.
Although it would be much lower than what China achieved before 2010, the growth rate would allow the country to become a much richer society in 20 years and China's per capita real income could reach $28,600 (measured in today's PPP).
Therefore, China is likely to replace the United States as the world's largest consumer market, which by all means would be good news for the rest of the world.
The author is a professor at and director of China Center for Economic Research and National School of Development, Peking University.
Dungeon Editor Released + Special Sale
|
After several months of break-neck speed development, Almost Human is proud to release the most anticipated modding tool ever, the Dungeon Editor for Legend of Grimrock! The Dungeon Editor is a free update for everybody who owns the game.
If you haven't purchased Legend of Grimrock yet, we are also launching a sale starting today with 50% off the price if you buy directly from us. Buying directly from us is the best way to support our future game projects, and you get a Steam key and a standalone version of the game with the Dungeon Editor.
If you have already bought the game, here are the instructions for getting the free update:
Steam version: Legend of Grimrock should automatically update to version 1.3.1 in the next couple of hours. If the download does not start automatically you can try selecting Verify Integrity of Game Cache in Legend of Grimrock -> Properties -> Local files tab. Restarting the Steam client may also help. Please be patient as it may take several hours for the update to propagate through Steam servers.
Direct purchase from Almost Human or GOG.com: you can download a patch here. The patch updates the game from version 1.1.4 to version 1.3.1. The patch only works with the standalone version of the game (not the Steam version). If the patch fails to install for some reason you may also redownload the latest version of the game from Humble Store or GOG.com.
If you got the game by other means: The patch should also work for your version of the game. 😉
I'm sure everybody's eager to start modding right away, so here are some links to get you up to speed: official modding documentation, Komag's excellent video tutorials, official modding forum.
And if you want to play some mods right now, that's no problem either! The Public Beta testers have been very productive and have already created over 150 mods that can be subscribed to in Steam Workshop and downloaded from Grimrock Nexus.
The update also fixes a couple of issues with the base game. Here is the complete change log:
Implemented Dungeon Editor and added modding capabilities.
Added a warning about unnamed prisoners to character generation.
Bug fix: mouse look does not work when standing in front of a wall tapestry.
Bug fix: when importing a custom portrait, the original portrait becomes “locked” and can't be chosen for other characters.
Bug fix: on screen exp indicator displays an incorrect amount of exp when killing an advanced monster with level greater than 1.
Bug fix: no exp is gained if a monster is killed by Dismantler's lightning effect or Icefall Hammer's frost burst effect.
Bug fix: when the cube crushes a monster, monster's death effect is played multiple times if the cube moves back and forth.
Bug fix: game refuses to start if the documents folder is mapped to a network location.
Bug fix: “Level up!” text above attack frames does not scale with resolution.
Bug fix: tooltips are buggy in 2560×1600 resolution.
Bug fix: exp is awarded to wrong characters if party marching order is changed before damage is dealt (e.g. cast fireball, reorder champions before fireball kills a monster).
Happy modding!
Democratic U.S. Senator from Alabama
Howell Thomas Heflin (June 19, 1921 – March 29, 2005) was an American lawyer and politician who served in the United States Senate representing Alabama from 1979 to 1997. He chose not to run for reelection in 1996.
Early life [ edit ]
Heflin was born on June 19, 1921 in Poulan, Georgia. He attended public school in Alabama, graduating from Colbert County High School in Leighton.[1] He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1942 from Birmingham-Southern College in Birmingham.[2] There was a tradition of politics in his family: he was a nephew of James Thomas Heflin, a prominent white supremacist politician and U.S. Senator, and great-nephew of Robert Stell Heflin, a U.S. Representative.
During World War II, from 1942 to 1946, Heflin served as an officer in the United States Marine Corps.[3] He was awarded the Silver Star for valor in combat and received two Purple Heart medals,[4] having seen action on Bougainville and Guam.
After World War II, Heflin attended the University of Alabama School of Law, from which he graduated in 1948. For nearly two decades, he served as a law professor, while concurrently practicing law in Tuscumbia, Alabama.[4]
Political career [ edit ]
In 1970, Heflin was elected Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, serving from 1971 to 1977.[5]
In 1978, Heflin was elected to the United States Senate to succeed fellow Democrat John Sparkman, who had been Adlai E. Stevenson's running mate in the 1952 presidential election. Heflin won his party's nomination by defeating U.S. Representative Walter Flowers of Tuscaloosa, a longtime George C. Wallace ally. The 1966 Republican gubernatorial nominee, former U.S. Representative James D. Martin of Gadsden, announced that he would challenge Heflin. But Martin switched to a second Senate race for a two-year term created by the sudden death of Senator James B. Allen, leaving Heflin without a Republican opponent.
In March 1981, President Reagan was shot during an assassination attempt by John Hinckley Jr. outside the Hilton Hotel in Washington, D.C., Hinckley being brought to trial fourteen months afterward. Heflin espoused the view that the time between the incident and the trial was part of the need for an overhauling of the criminal justice system "so it can more efficiently and effectively deal with the rising epidemic of violent crime in this nation" and noted the shootings of Pope John Paul II and President of Egypt Anwar Sadat as incidents that had happened after the Reagan shooting yet had already seen the assailants be convicted and either jailed or executed. Heflin stated that the delays in bringing defendants to trial formed "contempt for the system" in addition to denouncing the delays as part of the problem, calling for the Senate to form a "Crime Caucus" as part of an attempt to "put aside petty partisan politics and unite in an effort to wage a successful war on crime."[6]
In July 1981, Heflin announced he would introduce legislation calling for creation of a national court of appeals, and that such legislation would relieve the Supreme Court of some of its present burdens while increasing the national appellate capacity. The legislation was intended to also initiate a long-range study of the federal court system and call for major reforms in the American judiciary. Heflin noted that only 289 of the 4,242 petitions for hearings submitted to the Supreme Court last year were granted and that a national appeals court would resolve feuds in the federal circuit courts.[7]
In 1984, Heflin won a second Senate term, handily defeating Republican former U.S. Representative Albert L. Smith Jr. of Birmingham, who had hoped to win by running on the reelection coattails of U.S. President Ronald W. Reagan. Heflin was reelected to a third term in 1990, defeating State Senator William J. Cabaniss, who later served as United States Ambassador to the Czech Republic under George W. Bush. Heflin did not run for reelection in 1996, and was succeeded by Republican Jeff Sessions.
Heflin became Chairman of the Select Committee on Ethics. While on the Ethics Committee, he led the prosecution against fellow Democratic Senator Howard Cannon of Nevada for violations of Senate rules.
As a conservative Democrat, he strongly opposed abortion rights and gun control. Heflin supported school prayer in public schools and opposed laws banning discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. He supported the Gulf War of 1991 and opposed cuts in defense spending. With Fritz Hollings of South Carolina, Heflin was one of only two Democrats in the Senate to vote against the Family and Medical Leave Act. He occasionally voted with Republicans on taxes.
On other economic issues he was more allied with his party's populist wing. He voted against the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), and attempts to weaken enforcement of consumer protection measures. He strongly supported affirmative action laws. He voted against confirmation of Clarence Thomas to the United States Supreme Court, citing Thomas's lack of experience.
In 1993 Heflin gave a memorable speech on the Senate floor in support of Senator Carol Moseley Braun's successful effort to deny renewal of a Confederate Flag design patent for the United Daughters of the Confederacy. Heflin spoke of his pride and love for his Confederate ancestors, his respect for the United Daughters of the Confederacy, and his conflict in breaking with them over this issue. But, he said,
we live in a nation that daily is trying to heal the scars that have occurred in the past. We're trying to heal problems that still show negative and ugly aspects in our world that we live in today, and perhaps racism is one of the great scars and one of the most serious illnesses that we suffer from still today.[8]
Heflin lived at his longtime residence in Tuscumbia until his death on March 29, 2005, of a heart attack.[2] He was survived by his wife, Elizabeth Ann, his son H. Thomas Jr., known as Tom, and two grandchildren.[9]
Heflin was the last Democrat to serve as a Senator from Alabama until the swearing in of Doug Jones (winner of the December 2017 special election) on January 3, 2018, 21 years to the day after Heflin left the seat.[a] Heflin had been a mentor to Jones, who worked for him as a senatorial aide.[10][11]
Honors [ edit ]
Memorial to Howell Heflin at the war memorial near the Colbert County Courthouse, Colbert County, Alabama
The University of Alabama School of Law has honored Heflin with the "Howell Heflin Conference Room" in the Bounds Law Library. Tuscumbia named a street "Howell Heflin Lane" in his honor. The Howell Heflin Lock and Dam in Alabama is named in his honor. The Howell T. Heflin Seminar room in the Birmingham-Southern College Library is also named in his honor.
The New York Times characterized him as the "conscience of the Senate."[3]
In popular culture [ edit ]
Heflin was portrayed by Chris Farley on Saturday Night Live (Season 17).
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ elected to the Senate, in 1992, but he became a Republican in 1994. Prior to 2017, Richard Shelby was the last Alabama Democratto the Senate, in 1992, but he became a Republican in 1994.
Michael Hirsh is a national editor for Politico Magazine.
At 85, Zbigniew Brzezinski is still the Democratic Party's best answer to Henry Kissinger. As a global strategist, he has a well-deserved reputation for penetrating insights and prescience dating to the early Cold War. Brzezinski began to write as far back as the 1950s, and later in his first major book, The Soviet Bloc: Unity and Conflict (1960), that the Soviet bloc was not the great monolith everyone thought it was—and he argued, long before almost anyone else at senior levels of the American government (including Kissinger), that a U.S. policy of subtle counterforce could eventually divide the captive Iron Curtain countries from Moscow. Later, as Jimmy Carter's hawkish national security advisor in the mid-to-late 1970s, Brzezinski proved to be the proto-Reagan of the Democratic Party, looking for ways to undermine the legitimacy of the USSR. When Moscow invaded Afghanistan in 1980, he pressed Carter to begin the process of funding the mujahideen so as to drain Soviet power. Indeed, in a recent interview Nikolai Patrushev, the current secretary of the Russian Security Council, ascribed the problems of the late Soviet Union to what he called the Brzezinski “strategy of weak spots” and said the United States was still pursuing the same provocative doctrine against Moscow today.
Now Brzezinski is looking over the horizon again, and he warns that the world system will fall into ever-deeper chaos—thanks in large part to Vladimir Putin's neo-Soviet incursions in Eastern Europe and the bloody maelstrom in the Middle East—unless President Obama and his successor in 2016 act to orchestrate a dramatic shift in global strategic relations. Perhaps the only force that can halt this deepening world disorder, he says, is a frank recognition by the two greatest powers on Earth—the United States and China—that they have to stand together against it. Brzezinski is thus calling for what he describes as a “Pacific Charter” with China, modeled after the August 1941 Atlantic Charter agreement between Britain and the United States that outlined allied goals for the looming world war. Brzezinski thinks that an analogous statement, updated for the present, could actually help prevent a worsening geopolitical climate and help stabilize the international system through a shared mission. Brzezinski is urging Obama to set the idea in motion starting with his Nov. 12 summit with Chinese leader Xi Jinping.
Story Continued Below
He spoke about his ideas with Politico Magazine's Michael Hirsh.
MH: What do you think a “Pacific Charter” will achieve?
ZB: Seventy-five years ago, in the darkest days of World War II, the Atlantic Charter served as an inspiring proclamation of hope at a time of widespread global anxiety that the world was falling victim to hegemonic tyranny. Today, the presidents of the world's two most important, albeit politically very different, states need to convey credibly to the world their determination to enhance their global cooperation in coping with ongoing and emerging geopolitical crises. Global stability—economic as well as political—is at risk.
Shared Sino-American global security goals would not mean that one partner dictates to the other. U.S.-PRC differences will persist, and on the Asian regional level they can even be a source of mutual irritation. Nor should it mean that we ignore the basic differences between our political systems and values. But a joint affirmation of American-Chinese engagement in sustaining international stability can generate broader collaboration between these two super-powers in containing dangerous threats that actually point also at their own interests.
At this stage, even the very fact of such affirmation would be globally reassuring. And for America and China, a common stand regarding the imperatives of global political stability—based on shared respect for international “rules of the game”—could in turn also increase the likelihood of a peaceful resolution by them of their reciprocal grievances in the Far East.
A strong joint statement—perhaps a Pacific Charter pledging comprehensive geostrategic cooperation—would be a timely assurance that America and China do take seriously the responsibilities inherent in what has been called “the world's most important bilateral relationship.”
MH: But is such a pact feasible? Aren't China and the United States too different in terms of their political systems and the way they view the world? They are fighting over Internet freedom, democracy, and interests in East Asia. Chinese officials are even hinting that they believe Washington is behind the unrest in Hong Kong. In addition, there is a sense that the Chinese are up and coming and want to replace us.
ZB: It is true that the U.S. and Britain shared basic values and political systems that enabled the Atlantic Charter, but in the postwar world, in many ways, their geopolitical interests clashed more than those of the United States and China today. The British at the time wanted to keep their empire, while the United States wanted a United Nations, and the two clashed bitterly over the postwar economic system at Bretton Woods. Today the United States and China are actually in more alignment on global issues, and especially the global economy, than the United States and Britain were in the post-World War II period. Economically we are to some significant degree interdependent with Chinese well-being. That is a great asset. So this is what gives me some degree of confidence in advocating greater cooperation. We can cooperate to support the dollar, and to maintain a steady flow of capital back and forth, but beyond that we have to ask ourselves: Can we do more together to prevent political chaos from exploding in several directions at once?
We know that something is malfunctioning worldwide. There is a crisis in the Middle East, which may be spreading rapidly. Secondly, there is crisis in Europe, where Russia is the principle intriguer and player, which affects a major source of international business and flow of capital. So the leadership of these two countries, the United States and China, has to focus on this very deliberately, and not just issue slogans. We have fallen far short in working together on what is needed in these new prevailing circumstances, which are much more revolutionary and much more explosive—and in the case of Russia's ambiguous behavior potentially much more dangerous too—than what we have seen in a long time. Putin has mentioned several times lately that Russia has a lot of nuclear weapons. That's not an explicit threat but it comes close to it. And all these overflights by Russian military aircraft in Europe are clearly not intended to improve Russian commercial aviation.
MH: Would a strong message of U.S.-Chinese cooperation change the calculus in Moscow?
ZB: It might. Because I don't think the Russians can succeed in their maximum objectives if the West holds together and the Chinese are not sympathetic to what they're doing.
MH: How has the behavior of Russia and Putin's regime made it more imperative and perhaps more likely that a new relationship between the United States and China can be achieved?
ZB: One thing we know: Things will become even more destabilized if we don't step up Sino-U.S. cooperation. If you want to envisage a worst-case scenario, it is that Putin reveals step by step the inner weaknesses of the West, particularly in Europe, and the Chinese see in that an opportunity for emulation in the Far East, and then step by step through a gradual process we will be witnessing the emergence of Sino-Russian partnership in favor of a drastic change in the global balance of power.
Tickets
Noch Restkarten für kommende Heimspiele
Für die nächsten drei Heimspiele gegen Leipzig (Freitag, 12.2., 18:30 Uhr), FSV Frankfurt (Freitag, 19.2., 18:30 Uhr) und Eintracht Braunschweig (Donnerstag, 3.3., 20:15 Uhr) gibt es jeweils noch Restkarten.
Da der FSV Frankfurt nicht das gesamte Gastkartenkontingent benötigt können noch weitere Steh- und Sitzplätze auf der Nordtribüne an Heimfans verkauft werden. Für die Spiele gegen Leipzig und Braunschweig gibt es ebenso noch ein paar Restkarten. Die Karten können telefonisch und online bestellt sowie am Kartencenter erworben werden. Hier geht es direkt zur Online-Buchung: KLICK!
Allgemeine Bestellinfos
Telefonische Bestellung
0 18 06 - 99 77 19 (0,20 €/Anruf aus dem dt. Festnetz; max. 0,60 €/Anruf aus dem dt. Mobilfunknetz)
Online-Bestellung
HIER geht es direkt zum Online-Shop. Bitte die vorhandenen Zugangsdaten nutzen.
Achtung: Bitte Mozilla Firefox oder den Internet Explorer benutzen. Bei anderen Browsern (z.B. Safari) kann es zu Problemen kommen.
Kartencenter
Alle Karten gibt es auch am Kartencenter des FC St. Pauli, das wie folgt geöffnet hat:
Mo., Di., Do. und Fr.: 10 bis 18 Uhr
Mi. und Sa.: 10 bis 15 Uhr
Euer Kartencenter
Foto: Witters
cgarcia
Offline
 
: Off
p.1 #5 · p.1 #5 · Canon 80D dynamic range: good news! (quick test with RAW images)
https://lightful.github.io/talk/photo/sensor/80D_vs_7D2_dr.png
However, at high ISO, the 80D is slightly under the 7D2 level. I don't know if this is related to cheaper electronics or if the new tech has some influence. Note also that both cameras true ISO level could differ.
Here are the numbers, using also the ones from my 7D2 analysis (same technique) to compare:
ISO 100 (
80D - DR 13.22 at 8MP (12.43 at 24MP), read noise 2.8712 DN
7D2 - DR 11.60 at 8MP (10.94 at 24MP), read noise 5.88731 DN
ISO 200 (
80D - DR 12.74 at 8MP (11.95 at 24MP), read noise 3.99545 DN
7D2 - DR 11.70 at 8MP (11.04 at 20MP), read noise 6.28073 DN
ISO 400 (
80D - DR 11.92 at 8MP (11.13 at 24MP), read noise 6.37543 DN
ISO 800 (
80D - DR 11.09 at 8MP (10.29 at 24MP), read noise 11.3868 DN
ISO 1600 (
80D - DR 10.25 at 8MP (9.45 at 24MP), read noise 20.3616 DN
7D2 - DR 10.41 at 8MP (9.75 at 20MP), read noise 15.4014 DN
ISO 3200 (
80D - DR 9.41 at 8MP (8.62 at 24MP), read noise 36.395 DN
ISO 6400 (
80D - DR 8.63 at 8MP (7.84 at 24MP), read noise 62.2559 DN
7D2 - DR 8.95 at 8MP (8.29 at 20MP), read noise 42.3891 DN
ISO 12800 (
80D - DR 7.64 at 8MP (6.85 at 24MP), read noise 124.027 DN
7D2 - DR 8.00 at 8MP (7.34 at 20MP), read noise 82.8706 DN
ISO 16000 (
80D - DR 7.33 at 8MP (6.54 at 24MP), read noise 153.517 DN
ISO 25600 (
80D - DR 6.74 at 8MP (5.95 at 24MP), read noise 231.801 DN
The new sensor uses a black level of DN (data number) 512 for ISO 100 and 200, but continues using 2048 for the remaining ISO levels. The saturation level seems to be the DN 16383 at all ISO levels, which is unusual. For example, the analyzed ISO 100 picture has 871 blue pixels with DN 16383, 1039 red pixels with DN 16382, and 1660 plus 1632 green pixels (two green channels) with DN 16383; the image is overall underexposed and from DN 10000 to 16381/2, each DN only counts 0-2 pixels.
There are two masked areas in the 25.5MP image (6288x4056): one 264 pixels wide at the left and the other 34 pixels height at the top. So, the effective image area is 6024x4022 (one-two pixels in the frontier of both areas, showing visible artifacts, are not truly usable). The masked area does not receive light and its standard deviation can be measured to determine the read noise, and to infer from that the DR. The area used has been the left one, but the top measures almost the same noise levels (unlike with other sensors, where the top masked area has some oddities).
Edited on Apr 03, 2016 at 10:19 PM · I have completed a more detailed study of the RAW images. Definitely, the sensor dynamic range versus ISO graph now resembles the profile of the Canon competitors. To make this graph I have used the 7D2 results generated with exactly the same technique on september 2014 (see https://www.fredmiranda.com/forum/topic/1319060/0 ):However, at high ISO, the 80D is slightly under the 7D2 level. I don't know if this is related to cheaper electronics or if the new tech has some influence. Note also that both cameras true ISO level could differ.Here are the numbers, using also the ones from my 7D2 analysis (same technique) to compare:ISO 100 ( http://www.imaging-resource.com/PRODS/canon-80d/80DhSLI00100NR0.CR2.HTM 80D - DR 13.22 at 8MP (12.43 at 24MP), read noise 2.8712 DN7D2 - DR 11.60 at 8MP (10.94 at 24MP), read noise 5.88731 DNISO 200 ( http://www.imaging-resource.com/PRODS/canon-80d/80DhSLI00200NR0.CR2.HTM 80D - DR 12.74 at 8MP (11.95 at 24MP), read noise 3.99545 DN7D2 - DR 11.70 at 8MP (11.04 at 20MP), read noise 6.28073 DNISO 400 ( http://www.imaging-resource.com/PRODS/canon-80d/80DhSLI00400NR0.CR2.HTM 80D - DR 11.92 at 8MP (11.13 at 24MP), read noise 6.37543 DNISO 800 ( http://www.imaging-resource.com/PRODS/canon-80d/80DhSLI00800NR0.CR2.HTM 80D - DR 11.09 at 8MP (10.29 at 24MP), read noise 11.3868 DNISO 1600 ( http://www.imaging-resource.com/PRODS/canon-80d/80DhSLI01600NR0.CR2.HTM 80D - DR 10.25 at 8MP (9.45 at 24MP), read noise 20.3616 DN7D2 - DR 10.41 at 8MP (9.75 at 20MP), read noise 15.4014 DNISO 3200 ( http://www.imaging-resource.com/PRODS/canon-80d/80DhSLI03200NR0.CR2.HTM 80D - DR 9.41 at 8MP (8.62 at 24MP), read noise 36.395 DNISO 6400 ( http://www.imaging-resource.com/PRODS/canon-80d/80DhSLI06400NR0.CR2.HTM 80D - DR 8.63 at 8MP (7.84 at 24MP), read noise 62.2559 DN7D2 - DR 8.95 at 8MP (8.29 at 20MP), read noise 42.3891 DNISO 12800 ( http://www.imaging-resource.com/PRODS/canon-80d/80DhSLI12800NR0.CR2.HTM 80D - DR 7.64 at 8MP (6.85 at 24MP), read noise 124.027 DN7D2 - DR 8.00 at 8MP (7.34 at 20MP), read noise 82.8706 DNISO 16000 ( http://www.imaging-resource.com/PRODS/canon-80d/80DhSLI16000NR0.CR2.HTM 80D - DR 7.33 at 8MP (6.54 at 24MP), read noise 153.517 DNISO 25600 ( http://www.imaging-resource.com/PRODS/canon-80d/80DhSLI25600NR0.CR2.HTM 80D - DR 6.74 at 8MP (5.95 at 24MP), read noise 231.801 DNThe new sensor uses a black level of DN (data number) 512 for ISO 100 and 200, but continues using 2048 for the remaining ISO levels. The saturation level seems to be the DN 16383 at all ISO levels, which is unusual. For example, the analyzed ISO 100 picture has 871 blue pixels with DN 16383, 1039 red pixels with DN 16382, and 1660 plus 1632 green pixels (two green channels) with DN 16383; the image is overall underexposed and from DN 10000 to 16381/2, each DN only counts 0-2 pixels.There are two masked areas in the 25.5MP image (6288x4056): one 264 pixels wide at the left and the other 34 pixels height at the top. So, the effective image area is 6024x4022 (one-two pixels in the frontier of both areas, showing visible artifacts, are not truly usable). The masked area does not receive light and its standard deviation can be measured to determine the read noise, and to infer from that the DR. The area used has been the left one, but the top measures almost the same noise levels (unlike with other sensors, where the top masked area has some oddities).Edited on Apr 03, 2016 at 10:19 PM · View previous versions
Mar 18, 2016 at 01:22 AM
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
In 1968, if you'd railed endlessly about how the United States would never, ever send men to the moon, you would've had some crow to eat the following year.
If you made your declarations not in your local pub, but on television and in the newspaper, and if you had bolstered your claim with credentials in the sciences, you'd be having a Thanksgiving dinner's worth of crow to consume.
And maybe, just maybe, when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin returned, you'd recognize you need to rethink some of the things you had known to be true only a year ago.
Such is the case with the mainstream media and President Trump. Only, unlike someone who'd reflected and reconciled the reality of a moonshot with their worldview going forward, the media still lives in a bubble where it's the reality that's wrong.
When Steve Bannon, President Trump's chief strategist, told the New York Times, “The media here is the opposition party. They don't understand this country. They still do not understand why Donald Trump is the president of the United States,” it was true.
Putting aside how the media had no problem with the Obama administration saying the same thing in 2009 about Fox News, rather than recognize just how far the profession of journalism has fallen from its purpose, journalists responded indignantly.
But what Bannon said is what they've been doing for more than a year.
Yes, after the first round of outrage over Trump's announcement speech, in which the media still falsely claim he called all Mexicans rapists, there was a honeymoon period where they showered him with coverage. But they didn't afford Trump and Trump alone an hour-long phone interview so Americans could get to know this candidate. They did it for ratings.
The tone of coverage changed dramatically around the conventions. A billion dollars in free airtime later, Trump was the nominee and it was time to destroy him.
But they couldn't destroy him. No matter how hard they tried, Trump remained within striking distance of Hillary Clinton. On Nov. 8, Trump struck and won the election.
He didn't win because he spent the most money; Hillary's spending dwarfed his. He didn't win because he was the best campaigner; his speeches were often disjointed and contradictory. He won because voters, particularly in the Midwest, believed in whatever version of Donald Trump mattered to them the most. And no one in the media saw it coming.
That's a major problem for journalists in the age of social media, where connecting with your audience, even tangentially, matters.
It also matters when reporters are supposed to report on what is happening. The 2016 election was the equivalent of missing a tsunami – the ground shook when he won the nomination, the alarms were going off as he remained close in the polls, and still they were all wet on election day. And they've been mad as a cat after a bath since.
That brings us to the other part of Bannon's quote, the part the media doesn't want to talk about. “The media should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut,” he said. And while most headlines stopped there, Bannon did not. He continued with, “and just listen for a while.”
It wasn't a new sentence. It was the same sentence, though you wouldn't know it from any of the headlines, tweets or talking heads who clutched their pearls over someone in the White House telling the media to “keep its mouth shut.”
They dishonestly played it as a “threat to the First Amendment,” because outrage is cheap and self-reflection is hard.
Journalists, especially on the national beat, live in an insulated world populated by other journalists and like-minded, self-described policy wonks. Even if they happen to have come from the Midwest or somewhere else people do actual work for a living, they undoubtedly spent their youth yearning to leave. Having hated where they grew up, that economic reality is easy to escape and forget in recession-proof Washington, when you type and talk for a living.
Listening is only for people who “matter,” not those who labor. Industrial areas are places they visit every four years, like the zoo. You don't listen to the animals at the zoo. They pop in, write their stories about blue-haired old ladies and how quaint it is, then head back to the DC cocktail circuit as a hero who can regale their peers with tales of how they survived some filthy diner lacking a proper brunch menu. “You mean they didn't have mimosas?” The horror.
Bannon is absolutely right that journalists should shut their pie holes and open their ears for a while. But it won't do any good if they do so only in places you can reach via an Acela train.
Cable news is partly to blame for this. You don't get booked if you aren't entertaining and opinionated. And you don't get a contributor deal with a network if you aren't controversial. None of those attributes are part of journalism or used to be. Then again, listening used to be a part of journalism too.
So was digging – establishing and cultivating sources. Investigating is barely even a part of investigative journalism anymore. Now reporters are given things and it's reported as fact. Since so much of their work is online now, it's easy to fix it later if it turns out wrong or incomplete. There's a happy hour to get to.
Meanwhile, millions of Americans living in flyover country crack a beer in their local bar or VFW Hall and marvel at what they have done. They had voted for Democrats for 20 years, but this time, they decided a billionaire from New York better represented their interests than the smug scribes who make a quadrennial pilgrimage to flyover country.
These Americans had a story to tell. And the people who should have been listening were too busy doing other things.
And journalists are still walking around in 1970 insisting the moon landing was filmed on a soundstage.
Remembering Colo the gorilla Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Colo the gorilla (CREDIT: Columbus Zoo and Aquarium) [ + - ] Video
POWELL, OH (WCMH) -- The Columbus Zoo and Aquarium announced Tuesday that Colo the gorilla has died.
Colo, the first gorilla born in a zoo and the matriarch of the Columbus Zoo's famous gorilla family died in her sleep overnight. At 60 years of age she was the oldest gorilla on record and exceeded her normal life expectancy by more than two decades.
Colo celebrated her historic 60th birthday, December 22, 2016 surrounded by thousands of fans and with birthday wishes coming from around the world.
With a heavy heart we report that #ColoGorilla passed away in her sleep. She recently celebrated her 60th birthday. https://t.co/bkHnyLRZv2 pic.twitter.com/DA3ehFdAlV - Columbus Zoo (@ColumbusZoo) January 17, 2017
"At the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium our mantra is to touch the heart to teach the mind," said Tom Stalf, president and CEO. "Colo touched the hearts of generations of people who came to see her and those that cared for her over her long lifetime. She was an ambassador for gorillas and inspired people to learn more about the critically endangered species and motivated them to protect gorillas in their native habitat."
Colo's gorilla and animal care family spent time with her body Tuesday morning. Colo will be cremated and her ashes buried at an undisclosed location at the Columbus Zoo. Prior to cremation, the Zoo will conduct a complete postmortem examination to further define the cause of death. A malignant tumor was removed from under her arm on December 3, 2016.
https://www.facebook.com/columbuszoo/videos/10154250395842106/
"She was the coolest animal I've ever worked with and caring for her was the highlight of my career," said assistant curator Audra Meinelt. "It was not just about what she meant for the gorilla community but for whom she was as a gorilla. I'm heartbroken but also grateful for the 19 years I had with Colo."
An Ontario court is set to issue what could be a landmark ruling on a Charter of Rights challenge filed by two of Canada's biggest wireless carriers over "tower dump" production orders that would have required the companies to turn over personal information of about 40,000 customers.
Police use such orders as a technique to get all call-detail records from specific cellphone towers, at a certain point in time, in the hopes of turning up information relevant to a criminal investigation.
The case in question began in 2014 after Peel Regional Police obtained production orders requiring Rogers Communications Inc. and Telus Corp. to provide communication records related to 21 cellular towers or sites. The companies said complying with the order would have resulted in the disclosure of customer name and address information for more than 9,000 Telus subscribers and more than 30,000 Rogers subscribers.
Story continues below advertisement
After the orders were issued, the police said they would be content to receive just the telephone numbers and not the associated customer name and address details. Several other telecom providers then complied with the orders but Telus and Rogers filed the Charter applications.
The orders were later revoked entirely, but Justice John Sproat of the Ontario Superior Court in Brampton nonetheless agreed in a July, 2014 decision to hear the companies' applications, noting that individual subscribers lack the means to raise such issues and writing that: "The privacy rights of the tens of thousands of cellphone users are of obvious importance."
"The Rogers-Telus applications directly concern 40-50,000 individuals, it is safe to infer that the number of individuals affected across Canada would be in the hundreds of thousands, if not millions, every year," he added.
Justice Sproat heard arguments on the matter in August, 2015 and is expected to release his decision on Thursday. Rogers and Telus have asked him to find that the orders amounted to unreasonable search and seizure under the Charter and also issue general guidance on how the courts should approach tower-dump production orders in the future.
Lawyers for the companies argue there is a reasonable expectation of privacy in the subscriber information at stake in this case – both for the subscribers themselves and for the companies as it relates to their business records – and further argue the orders were unreasonable, as they were "tantamount to fishing expeditions" and contained no post-seizure restrictions on what could be done with the information.
Lawyers for the Ontario Ministry of the Attorney General acknowledged in court filings that the orders issued in this case were "extraordinary in scope," falling "well outside the norm" of what is typically requested in tower-dump production orders, which are generally restricted to a handful of cell towers or cell sites. However, the Crown argued there was no Charter breach in the case – noting there was no search and seizure – and said the court should resist setting any "bright-line" rules for when tower-dump orders can be made.
The Supreme Court of Canada highlighted the issue of personal privacy in the online world in its June, 2014 Spencer decision, which held that police must obtain a search warrant before asking Internet providers for details that would identify their customers. Rogers and Telus, along with many other telecom providers, have since said they will not disclose name and address information without a court order.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"Technology is expanding so rapidly and we are recording more and more information about ourselves, whether intentionally or unintentionally. So that creates all sorts of challenges about how we regulate what the police are allowed to find out about us," Gerald Chan, a criminal and constitutional lawyer with Stockwoods LLP in Toronto, said in an interview.
He said tower-dump orders "represent a privacy invasion of a different order of magnitude" compared to a typical search warrant for an individual home or business. "Tower dumps allow the police to gather information about the movements or associations of thousands of innocent people in one fell swoop. There's far more collateral damage to individual privacy rights."
Although such orders do not seek the content of communications, they do turn up "metadata," which include information such as the time and length of a call, the addresses and numbers contacted and geolocation information. Those details, when correlated with name and address information, can reveal a great deal about individuals' movements and associations, Mr. Chan said. "I think more and more people are realizing that metadata alone, when aggregated and put together, paints a very detailed picture of our lives."
Mr. Chan said the criminal law bar would be following the ruling – which could be appealed to higher courts – and "law enforcement will no doubt be looking to this for guidance on when they can use this investigative power."
He added that a decision that includes "clear principles set out as to when the police can do this and how they should do it" will give telecom operators a baseline from which to assess orders they receive and decide whether to take legal steps to protect the privacy of their customers.
Representatives for Rogers and Telus both offered similar reasons for why the companies felt it necessary to mount a court challenge to the orders, arguing they were overly broad.
Story continues below advertisement
"We only provide confidential customer information to law-enforcement agencies in response to valid court orders or other applicable law. We will contest orders if we believe they overreach," said Telus spokeswoman Emily Hamer. "We think that this order was broader than the law allows, and so asked the court to set it aside"
"We want to ensure our customers' privacy rights are protected and there are clear ground rules for what law enforcement is able to request and access," said Aaron Lazarus of Rogers, adding the company's policy is only to share customer information when required by law or in emergency situations. "This case did not meet the test for us and we are hopeful the court agrees."
A spokesman for the Ontario Ministry of the Attorney General declined to comment on the case ahead of the ruling.
Norwegian midfielder extends stay at Carrow Road.
CITY are delighted to confirm Norwegian international midfielder Alex Tettey has signed a new two-year deal with the Canaries, with an option to extend for a further year.
The 28-year-old has committed himself to the Club until the end of June 2016 (2017 if the option is exercised) after a string of excellent performances in midfield during the City's impressive start to their Sky Bet Championship campaign.
Tettey has played in all seven league games so far this season and weighed in with goals in the 3-0 wins against Watford and Brentford.
Overall, he has made a total of 58 appearances in all competitions for City since joining from French top-flight side Rennes for an undisclosed fee in August 2012, scoring four goals in Canary colours.
City boss Neil Adams said: “I'm absolutely delighted that Alex has extended his stay with us. He's had a fantastic start to the season and worked very hard in midfield with Bradley Johnson and there's no doubt that he's a big, big player for us.”
Tettey said: “I'm delighted and happy that Norwich wants to keep me here and that we've been able to agree on a deal.
“Norwich as a place and as a club suits me very well.
“The project of getting us back to the Premier League is exciting. As people know we've started the season well and the club's desire to get back into the Premier League is something that is attractive to me.”
In what might be the largest case of jingoistic "hoserism" ever recorded in a Hockey Night in Canada broadcast - aside from Don Cherry's anti-European rants, of course - analyst Jim Hughson had this to say about Atlanta hockey fan knowledge:
"You know how you can tell we're in Winnipeg? They recognize what shouldn't be a penalty and know Carey Price's first name. Not in Atlanta."
That was the masterpiece that set off a flurry of angry tweets directed at @hockeynight and @cbc regarding the professionalism of their broadcast. Canadian fans, non-traditional market fans, traditional market fans, and former Thrashers fans all joined together decrying the tastelessness that punctuated the Jets' very Thrashers-like 5-1 loss to the Canadiens. The highlights came from Puck Daddy's Ryan Lambert (@twolinepass):
@twolinepass this Gees WHIZ ATLANTA SURE WAS A BAD MARKET stuff on HNIC is in remarkably poor taste.
and...
@twolinepass the only difference between atlanta and winnipeg is that fans in atlanta knew the team was garbage and didn't pay to go see it.
Honestly, good for fans in Winnipeg for getting a team back. I'm glad that they can go to hockey games and not drive three and a half hours to do so like fans here have to do now. The media, however, is making it very difficult for fans outside of Winnipeg to share in their excitement. Swipes at failed markets do absolutely no good. Be happy that you have NHL hockey back and enjoy the honeymoon, but here's a hint: a newlywed bride doesn't like it when you keep making fun of your ex-wife.
Take note that this comment was broadcast to the Metro Atlanta viewing area (and the rest of the United States) on the NHL Network. Between this and the fact that the NHL's blacking out games broadcast by the Predators and Hurricanes since Atlanta is now apparently a two-hockey team town, the NHL's making it abundantly clear that they don't want our Confederate dollars. Fantastic business plan.
P.O.S. and Astronautalis are Four Fists Graham Tolbert
Doomtree/Rhymesayers MC P.O.S. and indie-rap favorite Astronautalis have taken their frequent collaborations to the next level by officially becoming a duo by the name of Four Fists. We have the premiere of their debut single “MMMMMHMMMMM,” whose 7 inch vinyl single is now available for pre-order before its October 8th release, and spoke to Astro about what made them decide to tackle a full-length project as a gruesome twosome.
See also: Let's Take a Look at Some of the Great Hip-Hop Being Overshadowed This Year By Ye and Jay
How did you and P.O.S. first meet?
It was 2004 on the Warped Tour. He was working as the merch guy for Atmosphere with the promise he might be able to work his way to the stage once in a while. Halfway through the tour there was an opening on my stage and he urged me to “come watch the show!” I watched it and was totally floored by it. I still remember quite vividly hearing him do “Music for Shoplifting” and thinking “Holy shit! This is something totally new! We're friends now, let's make music together.”
You've both collaborated a lot over the years, what inspired Four Fists to become a full-fledged duo?
That was sort of the intention all along. All of the collaborations we've done have sort-of just been placeholders in the meantime until we could start being a group together. With both of our touring schedules and life in general, it's a lot to wrangle sometimes. Those collaborations would sort of tide us over until we finally got a chance to sit down and get to work on the group itself. This has been sort of a daydream since 2005.
Where did the name Four Fists come from?
Stef and I had been talking about books and he asked me if I had read any of F. Scott Fitzgerald's short stores. I had read Gatsby of course and Tender is the Night, but not many of his short stories, and he gave me a complete collection and said to start with the story called Four Fists. I was just absolutely floored and began tearing through the rest of the book. We had a big long talk discussing how fantastic his work is, and the idea of naming the group that came about. These two songs on the seven inch are influenced by him content-wise and thematically.
Being you both have such distinct voices and fierce touring schedules, what's the writing/recording process like?
We work really well when we're together. We both makes beats, but we're not full-on beat-makers. Once we've spent enough time on beats for ourselves, we don't know how to write to it, so we would sit in his bedroom and cycle through beats. “Next one, next one, next one, STOP! Loop that.” We would write to each other's beats, comeback and meet up to piggyback off each other's passion. We're inspiration junkies. It was a fun back-and-forth process. In some ways we're very different people, but the nature of the way we create is very similar.
What made you decide to lead Four Fists off with a split seven inches?
We had these two songs done for a really long time. The full-length is taking a different direction than these two songs, but we really wanted to get them out. We're really proud of them, and a seven inch made the most sense because it's only two songs and seven inches are cool. I'm an old indie rock kid, he's an old punk rock kids and we both grew up collecting seven inches and being pumped when our favorite band would put out a single and have some obscure song on the b-side as a rad thing.
Who did the single art?
That's Eric Carlson. He is great. He did most of the artwork for the last two P.O.S. records. I can't say enough about this dude. When it came time for the artwork, it wasn't something we discussed. We didn't have to talk about it. He's one of those people where you tell him “Here's the song, here's the idea about it” and he just piles it all on. He's just the best.
You've been intertwined with Doomtree for a longtime. Not only will this new record with P.O.S. be coming out on Doomtree Records, but you've also been performing and releasing music with their members a lot, including your song “This is the Place” with Sims from earlier this year. Does this make you Doomtree's Killah Priest?
(laughs) I think I'm more like Doomtree's Poppa Wu, but I think you could call me Doomtree's Killah Priest. I don't think anybody in Doomtree would have a problem with that.
The 10 Best Male Rappers of All Time
The Top 20 NYC Rap Albums of All Time
The Kanye You Once Loved Is Dead and Gone
While most of us have been trying to salvage some last turns in the slush and sunshine, the pros in Sweden have been getting it done. Each year the Jon Olsson Invitational (JOI) provides us with a measuring stick for the season to come- in the park world at least. This year's JOI was no exception. A handful of new tricks were stomped, including a double cork seven, a trick that's feasibility has long been debated. This video is truly amazing, and requires a couple views just to figure out what the hell some of the tricks were. In the end, Gus Kenworthy took the top spot on the podium, followed by Vincent Gagnier and Aleksander Aurdal.
Jon Olsson Invitational Finals | Some of the Craziest Sh*t Ever Done on Skis! | Unofficial Networks
It's been one of Vermont's biggest high tech success stories -- Dealer.com in Burlington. But workers are bracing for possible cuts in the next couple of weeks.
"Over the next few weeks they will be doing a workforce alteration," said Vt. Commerce Secretary Michael Schirling.
It's not clear yet how many jobs could be cut at Dealer.com in Burlington, but state officials know its parent company, Cox Automotive, plans to cut 950 jobs globally -- about 3-percent of its total workforce.
Employees tell Channel 3 they're trying to stay on task, but talk of the impending cuts can be tough to ignore.
Reporter Kristin Kelly: How important is dealer to Vermont?
Michael Schirling: Very important.
Schirling says Dealer is one of the few Vermont employers with more than a thousand workers, and its high tech, good paying jobs, have fueled a rebirth along Burlington's Pine Street.
Economist Art Woolf says Dealer also plays another important role in an aging state struggling to retain younger workers. "Demographically, is that the kind of people that tend to work there are younger people, presumably with college degrees, and that's not a demographic -- at least the age part of it -- is not a demographic that's increasing in Vermont," Woolf said.
He will be watching how many people are cut, and what types of jobs. He says up to 100 cut here won't have a major impact on the region's economy. More than that could hurt. "As long as we're talking about relatively small numbers of people it doesn't really concern me," he said.
Cox Automotive issued a statement which says in part:
"We do not take these decisions about job impacts lightly and will remain true to our values, treating everyone with dignity, fairness and respect throughout this process. We are committed to moving quickly to build a stronger and more agile organization that gives us the best chance to succeed well into the future."
Mike Schirling met with leaders at the Burlington facility last week -- it was set up before word about layoffs. And despite the possibility of job losses in Burlington, he believes Dealer is here for the long term.
Reporter Kristin Kelly: What makes you say that you're confident they're going to stay here?
Michael Schirling: Well the cues are things like they recently announced their Fort Meyers and Manhattan Beach locations are closing. They're actually consolidating their technical operations to a couple of locations including Burlington, so those are positive cues in the backdrop of this news.
Schirling also said that any worker laid off will likely find work quickly. He says Dealer employees have key skills, and with Vermont's low 3.1 percent unemployment rate they will be in high demand.
President Trump Doubles Down On Kneelers
A record number of NFL players are kneeling for the National Anthem on Sunday, then all of the kneelers who were playing in England stood for ‘God Save The Queen.'
The Oakland A's Bruce Maxwell became the first Major League Baseball player to take a knee during the national anthem on Saturday, extending the NFL-led anti-police protests to baseball.
Maxwell is a rookie catcher and son of an Army veteran.
“My decision has been coming for a long time,” said Maxwell after the game.”I know I was on the fence for a long time because I know no one in baseball has ever done it. I finally got to the point where I thought the inequality of man is being discussed, and it's being practiced from our president.”
“The point of my kneeling is not to disrespect our military, it's not to disrespect our Constitution, it's not to disrespect this country,” Maxwell said after doing those very things.
“My hand over my heart symbolizes the fact that I am and I'll forever be an American citizen, and I'm more than grateful to be here. But my kneeling is what is getting the attention because I'm kneeling for the people that don't have a voice.”
“And this goes beyond the black community, and this goes beyond the Hispanic community, because right now we're having an indifference and a racial divide in all types of people,” Maxwell continued.
“It's being practiced from the highest power that we have in this country, and it's basically saying that it's OK to treat people differently. My kneeling, the way I did it, was to symbolize that I'm kneeling for a cause, but I'm in no way or form disrespecting my country or my flag.”
More than a dozen Baltimore Ravens and Jacksonville Jaguars took a knee during the U.S. national anthem played early Sunday in England. The Jaguars were joined by their owner, Shad Khan, who supported Donald Trump for president. The players then stood for Britain's ‘God Save The Queen.'
Many athletes have complained about President Trump's speech Friday night in Alabama when he said owners should fire players who disrespect the national anthem. Trump referred to a player who kneels as “son on a bitch.”
Despite the outrage from some athletes, Trump doubled down on his statements Sunday morning.
“If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & Country, you will see change take place fast,” the president tweeted. “Fire or suspend!”
Trump followed that with another tweet that read: “… NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.”
Here's the speech Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer must give to rally the country. (Because “Remember The Emoluments Clause!” isn't quite as catchy as “Remember The Maine!”).
My fellow Americans, these are divisive times. Politically, the Democrats are not sure where to draw the line. Should we draw the line on Cabinet members who are woefully unqualified for their positions and dedicated to destroying the very Departments they will be heading? Should we draw the line on a Supreme Court nominee that impartial observers say would be an extremist far right pick, a person unfairly taking the seat that belongs to the moderate centrist jurist chosen by Republican leaders, praised by both parties, and nominated by President Obama in a spirit of compromise? Should we draw the line on the daily attacks by President Trump on our most basic freedoms, like freedom of the press, an independent judiciary and freedom of religion? One fact is abundantly clear and it saddens me: the Democratic Party has failed its members time and again and we must win back their support.
Republicans are equally uncertain, realizing the wisdom of that old saying, “Be careful what you wish for.” Despite losing the popular vote time and again, they have gained unchecked power at the federal level. Yet now, when they put into motion their long cherished dream of dismantling the social safety net, of gutting Medicare and Medicaid, of slashing and burning the Affordable Care Act and the desperately needed protections it provides, they find themselves facing a groundswell of opposition not just from Democrats and independents but even their own Republican voters. One fact is abundantly clear: their standard bearers were crushed in the primaries because they too have failed their members time and again and must win back their support.
Those passionate cries from the heart of their constituents haven't stopped the Republicans from gutting regulations so corporations can dump more pollution into our rivers and streams, dismantling the sober and reasonable oversight on Wall Street put in place to prevent another disastrous Recession and gleefully preparing to give the wealthy one percent like President Trump the one thing they don't need: a big fat tax cut so their mountains of cash can grow even bigger.
Americans are losing or have lost confidence in both major parties. And we face what is quickly becoming a Constitutional crisis. Ironically, we face an even greater crisis, a crisis beyond our borders. And in that lies our hope. For in a time of crisis, both parties can come together, the American people will rally, we can all rise to the challenge and answer the call of our better angels. That crisis is clear and sobering: Russia has attacked the United States.
A foreign power attacked our country. Russia did so to disrupt and sow chaos during our most vulnerable moment: the election of a new President. And they succeeded. We all agree on this. Russia attacked the United States. Democrats agree on this. Republicans agree on this. Our intelligence community agrees on this. Our allies around the world agree on this. Even President Trump agrees: we were attacked by Russia.
We cannot continue with business as usual, however disruptive and surreal even business as usual has proven in the past few days. There's a reason we feel destabilized and uncertain. There's a reason the American people are anxious and concerned. There's a reason citizens are calling and emailing their representatives in greater numbers than ever before in history, flooding town hall meetings and striving for their voices to be heard. Yes, a President who lost the popular vote is pushing through extremist measures that often even the voters in his own party don't support.
But that's not the only reason. We have been attacked by Russia and we're not fighting back. We must set aside partisan politics and focus like a laser on the imminent threat our country faces, a threat so dire it colors and distorts every decision we try to make, from Cabinet positions to Wall Street regulation to the sanctity of our very form of government, a form of government that includes freedom of the press and an independent judiciary, of which I'm afraid to say President Trump demonstrates little understanding and even less respect.
Our country has been attacked by Russia and we must respond.
First, we must fully investigate those attacks and prepare an appropriate response. It must be a smart and rational response but our action should have the urgency of the crisis we are facing. This investigation includes the ongoing look at the close ties between top associates of President Trump and Russia. Those investigations have been ongoing since last spring, though that information was not shared with the American people. I repeat: Russia attacked the United States and there is evidence of close ties between top associates of President Trump and Russia that is disturbing enough to launch inquiries by our intelligence community. To give just one example, the CIA is investigating whether Trump's campaign received funds from Russian oligarchs and/or the Russian government. They are doing so via a counter-intelligence task force that includes the FBI, the Treasury and Justice Departments, the Office of the Director Of National Intelligence and the National Security Agency.
Clearly, the White House cannot investigate itself and those investigations must report directly to Congress. They cannot be delayed or derailed by President Trump in any way.
Second, Congress must immediately launch a full and thorough accounting of President Trump's financial holdings. During the campaign, his business empire was a matter of debate involving personal ethics and integrity. Now, it is a pressing issue of national security. We cannot have a President who is financially beholden to any foreign power. It would be unacceptable for President Trump to have financial ties to our neighbor to the north, Canada or our ally Great Britain or France or Germany or Japan or Australia. It is outrageous that we apparently have a President with financial ties to Russia, a foreign power that opposes our country and everything we stand for. It is a threat to our sovereign status that our President is financially chained to a country that has just attacked us.
I hope and pray that President Trump's empire isn't beholden for even a ruble to the Russian government or the Russian oligarchs who do the bidding of that country's brutal dictator, Vladimir Putin. But I must take President Trump's own children at their word when they said that most of his money in recent years has come from Russia. Congress must know precisely what his business holdings are and who controls the purse strings. We must know the answer to one vital question: who owns Donald Trump?
Third, we must then dismantle and sell off those business holdings. Happily, President Trump will enjoy a big tax break for doing so, which is something he's very familiar with. In fact, tax experts suggest President Trump may make off handsomely on the deal. Then those holdings will be placed in a genuine blind trust controlled not by his family, not by his friends and not by his business associates, but by an independent third party of trusted business sense. I recommend Warren Buffett. But whomever controls that blind trust, they cannot and will not be chosen by the President. Again, this is not payback. I would love to hear anyone defend the idea that the President of the United States can and should be under the financial thumb of a country that has just attacked us.
As a bonus, President Trump will thus be following in the footsteps of every other President in the modern era and ending his defiance of the Constitution and its emoluments clause. For those unfamiliar with it, that is the clause that says you can't pimp out the Presidency; you shouldn't profit during your time in office. But ethics and personal integrity aside, we cannot have a President whose business empire is financially controlled in any way by foreign businessmen or a foreign power. And in Russia, those two are one and the same.
In the modern era, every President has shared their tax returns, dissolved their business holdings and placed them in a genuine blind trust for all those reasons and more. It was a question of honor; you did it because it was expected of you, the law demanded the same of your Cabinet members and because it is implicitly required by the Constitution. Clearly, that is not enough anymore.
I will sponsor legislation that ensures every President and Vice President in the future abides by the standards every President of the modern era has willingly embraced and which President Trump has ignored. Anyone placing their name on any ballot in any state for President or Vice President will have their tax returns from the last 20 years shared publicly by the IRS. Anyone holding the office of President or Vice President will dissolve all their business and financial holdings and have them held in a blind trust overseen by an independent adviser selected by the Senate. These requirements - willingly met by every other President of the modern era — are not a burden. They are an honor.
In the flurry of random and poorly thought out proposals and angry late night tweets, we seem to be forgetting that our country has been attacked by Russia. Disturbingly, President Trump himself publicly encouraged Russia to attack us. They did so precisely in the way he called for. President Trump has repeatedly and aggressively praised the brutal dictator Vladimir Putin, sometimes in the same breath denigrating the United States. He did so again in a taped interview airing right before the Super Bowl. He suggests the United States is just as bad as Russia. He is wrong. America is greater. Democracy is greater. And the rule of law is greater.
We must prove that now by fighting back. Congress must have direct control over these issues of national security. Congress must receive a full accounting of President Trump's financial holdings and share them with the American people, especially as it concerns financial ties to the Russian government and its businessmen, which are one and the same. Congress must dissolve his holdings so that President Trump is not bound by chains of gold to any foreign power in any way and certainly not a country that has just attacked us. Congress must bring to light any ties between President Trump's associates and Russia, both its government and its oligarchs.
Until these vital steps towards defending our country are in full motion, we cannot and will not continue business as usual in the Congress. I call on my Republican colleagues to join us and I believe they will because protecting our country is greater than partisan politics. We will stand together in the House and the Senate until the American people have full confidence that their government is responding to the genuine and real threat our country faces. We must be strong. We must be resolute. And we must have every assurance that our President is free to do what is best for the United States. He cannot be free if Russia controls his purse strings in any way. Do they? We don't know because President Trump has hidden those facts from the American people. That cannot stand.
Every hour of every day, we will ask the same question: who owns Donald Trump? The American people deserve to know and must know. Our nation's security depends on it. The sooner we can clear this cloud over the President's good name, the sooner we can prove our democracy is strong, the sooner we can demonstrate that no one -- not even the President — is above the law and the sooner we can make Russia pay dearly for what they have dared to do.
Our country has been attacked by Russia. We must show the urgency and passion and patriotism such attacks have always inspired in the past. We must come together, face our common foe and defend everything we hold dear. Thank you, God bless the Constitution and God bless the United States of America.
***************
REGISTER TO VOTE!!
It's easy, it's fun, it's empowering.
Are you in New York? You can register online right here.
For the first time, researchers have found a person in the United States carrying a bacterium resistant to antibiotics of last resort, an alarming development that the top US public health official says could mean "the end of the road" for antibiotics.
The antibiotic-resistant strain was found last month in the urine of a 49-year-old woman in the US state of Pennsylvania. Department of Defence researchers determined that carried a strain of E. coli resistant to the antibiotic colistin, according to a study published on Thursday. The authors wrote that the discovery "heralds the emergence of a truly pan-drug resistant bacteria."
Colistin is the antibiotic of last resort for particularly dangerous types of superbugs, including a family of bacteria known as CRE, which health officials have dubbed "nightmare bacteria." In some instances, these superbugs kill up to 50 per cent of patients who become infected. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has called CRE among the country's most urgent public health threats.
The results were published in Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy, a publication of the American Society for Microbiology.
Minnesota nurses strike highlights militant mood of US workers
By Jerry White
7 September 2016
Nearly 5,000 nurses are continuing to walk the picket lines at five hospitals in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area in Minnesota. The strike, now in its third day, highlights the sharp class tensions in the United States on the eve of the 2016 presidential elections and the growing mood of militancy in the working class.
The nurses have repeatedly rejected concession demands by Allina Health, which is seeking, like so many other US employers, to force workers into inferior healthcare plans with higher out-of-pocket costs. Striking workers also want to reduce dangerously high patient-to-nurse ratios and stop management from piling on more work responsibilities on an understaffed workforce. The company's demands are in line with the cost-cutting drive at the heart of Obama's misnamed Affordable Care Act (ACA).
The strike erupted despite the best efforts of the Minnesota Nurses Association (MNA) and a federal mediator dispatched by the Obama administration. The union offered to give into Allina's major demand to replace four union-backed health plans with the company's in-house plan—if only Allina made a conciliatory gesture in order to sell the agreement to resistant workers. Although all nurses in the Twin Cities face the same struggle, the MNA is keeping another 7,000 nurses in the largest hospitals on the job.
The capitulation of the union has only emboldened Allina, which planned for a walkout for months and has hired a small army of strikebreakers from around the country to maintain operations. Allina's intransigence is not the product simply of multi-millionaires like Penny Wheeler who run the “non-profit” hospital, but also powerful financial interests that want to get their hands on millions of dollars in healthcare benefits.
Over the last decade, US Bank entangled Allina in interest rate swaps and other financial swindles and is now extracting millions of dollars each year from the hospital chain. The top six executives at the bank made more than $30 million combined in executive compensation last year—three times the annual savings Allina is seeking by stripping nurses of affordable healthcare.
With nine weeks to go before Election Day, both Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump are offering tens of millions of workers no relief from the relentless destruction of their living standards. The billionaire real estate mogul is demanding even more corporate tax cuts and the lifting of virtually all regulations on big business. Hillary Clinton is a warmonger and the favored candidate of Wall Street whose husband oversaw the deregulation of the finance industry that led to the crash of 2008.
During the last two weeks of August alone, Clinton raked in roughly $50 million—or $150,000 an hour—at 22 fundraising events in the Hamptons, Martha's Vineyard, Beverly Hills and Silicon Valley, according to an article in the New York Times titled, “Where Has Hillary Clinton Been? Ask the Ultrarich.”
Since taking office nearly eight years ago, President Obama has overseen the greatest transfer of wealth from the bottom to the top in US history, with the richest 1 percent capturing 95 percent of all income gains since the so-called recovery began. The bank bailouts and free money policies of the Obama administration have led to a tripling of the value of the stock market even as workers have seen their wages stagnate or fall, student loan and household debt rise to crushing levels, and the cost of healthcare and their meager pension benefits shifted onto their already over-burdened shoulders.
While tens of millions face economic insecurity, Corporate America is sitting on an estimated cash hoard of $1.9 trillion and is squandering billions on stock buybacks, dividend payments and mergers and acquisitions that destroy thousands of jobs and only benefit wealthy investors and executives.
Shortly after taking office in 2009, Obama met with CEOs from Xerox, AT&T, Honeywell, Coke and other top Fortune 500 corporations. He praised the “change in corporate culture” in the 1980s that “significantly boosted corporate productivity for a long time and helped create the boom of the 90s,” in a reference to the union-busting, deindustrialization and brutal attacks on the working class of the Reagan years. Obama pledged to work with the corporate executives to “introduce the same sort of productivity” in the healthcare industry, education and the rest of the public sector.
Regardless of who wins the election—Clinton or Trump—the war against the working class in the United States will be escalated in conjunction with the expansion of imperialist wars to grab markets, resources and new areas of cheap labor around the world.
The last year has been marked by increasing resistance of the working class in the United States, which has coincided with the growth of the class struggle in Europe, Latin America and Asia, including last week's general strike by tens of millions of Indian workers.
In early 2015, thousands of oil workers in the US struck followed by the bitter lockout of 20,000 West Coast dockworkers and 2,200 steelworkers at Allegheny Technologies. In September 2015, autoworkers rebelled against the sellout contracts pushed by the United Auto Workers (UAW) and defeated the first UAW-backed national contract in 33 years. This was followed by sickouts by Detroit teachers carried out in defiance of their union, and then the nearly two-month strike by 39,000 Verizon telecom workers.
In each case, the AFL-CIO and other unions, working with the Obama administration, isolated and betrayed these struggles, but opposition continued to emerge again and again. On Tuesday, hundreds of teachers packed into a union meeting on the first day of school to listen to the sellout agreement reached by the Detroit Federation of Teachers (DFT) and the new Detroit Community Schools District, which is essentially run by the banks and proponents of school privatization. Opposition arose to the DFT's demands that teachers, who have suffered years of wage and benefit cuts, accept one-time bonuses.
The Minnesota nurses strike is just one indication of the reemergence of the class struggle, which has been artificially suppressed by the pro-capitalist and nationalist trade unions for so long. The mass support for Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders was a sign of the growth of anti-capitalist sentiment and political radicalization that will continue despite Sanders' efforts to channel opposition behind Clinton.
The sleeping giant of American politics—the working class—is beginning to emerge. It is this immense social force, guided by a revolutionary party and united with its class brothers and sisters around the world in the fight for socialism, which will put an end to capitalism, the source of war and social inequality.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
I begged the McCain campaign by private email and in a private meeting to give me something - anything - to kill the story off. I promised to run any evidence that would blow this out of the water. That offer still stands. Please make me look like an idiot for asking these questions. But they didn't offer a thing, asserting that even asking the question was an outrageous reputation-destroying offense. Maybe Michelle Malkin is right that this is truther, tin-foil hat territory. But Malkin's only substantive point rebutting the photographic evidence is:
We're all obstetricians now!
Actually, the Dish went out and interviewed eight of the leading obstetricians in the country and laid out all the facts of the case and asked the experts for their take. While none would say that this pregnancy could not have happened, and none would comment on a case they hadn't examined personally, all of them said it was one of the strangest and unlikeliest series of events they had ever heard of and found Palin's decision to forgo medical help for more than a day after her water broke and risk the life of her unborn child on a long airplane trip to be reckless beyond measure.
Malkin also equates the story with the Obama birth certificate affair. But we have documentary evidence of the certificate, and Palin has produced no hard evidence at all for her pregnancy. All that's needed is some medical records of her pregnancy which, as a Down Syndrome pregnancy, would have a large pile of medical documentation easily released. There is no formal record of Trig's birth at Mat-Su Regional Medical Center, although there is a record of two other babies born on the same day.
Maybe I am crazy to even wonder. Or maybe we have witnessed one of the biggest frauds in American political history and the biggest failures among the American media in a very, very long time.
All I know is: the media refuses to ask and doesn't want to know and failed to demand medical records. All I know is that some journalists - like the Washington Post's Howie Kurtz - even tried to discredit the integrity of bloggers for asking. And yet in the campaign, the pregnancy and baby were offered at every moment as a reason to vote for Palin. If the Bridge To Nowhere is worth checking out, why aren't the pregnancy's bizarre details? Without the Down Syndrome pregnancy, Palin would not have had the rock-star appeal to the pro-life base that contributed to her selection. She made it a political issue by holding up the baby at the convention.
I do not know the truth and have never claimed that Palin is lying. I have always stated that bringing a baby with Down Syndrome into the world is a noble and beautiful thing. I have simply asked, given the implausible, if possible, circumstances, that a person running for vice-president provide some basic evidence for a very strange and unclear story. For a photograph of Palin pregnant with one of her previous children, see below. Compare and contrast. Remember that, as a general rule, pregnant mothers show more with each successive pregnancy. Remember also, as a general rule, that successive labors come more quickly. I think it's time Palin's doctor, Catherine Baldwin-Johnson talked to the press, don't you think? And that the McCain campaign tell us exactly what they knew and asked all along.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Image: Journal of Applied Physics
Advertisement
Graphene and carbon nanotubes have been competing for many of the same applications for years, especially in the broad area of electronics. The jockeying for supremacy between these two carbon materials has been fierce in energy storage applications as well. In fact, both carbon nanotubes and graphene have been proposed as a replacement material for activated carbon on the electrodes of supercapacitors.
Now, following a newly developing trend where graphene and carbon nanotubes join forces to create an even better material than they could on their own, researchers at George Washington University have combined the two materials to create a supercapacitor that is claimed to be both low cost and high performance.
In research published in the Journal of Applied Physics ("Paper-based ultracapacitors with carbon nanotubes-graphene composites"), the GWU researchers mixed graphene flakes with single-walled carbon nanotubes through an arc discharge under various magnetic conditions.
The resulting combination takes advantage of the high-surface area and good in-plane conductivity of graphene flakes while the carbon nanotubes connect all the structures to make a uniform network. The device's specific capacitance—its ability to store a charge—was reported as 100 Farads per gram (F/g), three times higher than the specific capacitance of a supercapacitor made by carbon nanotubes alone.
“In our lab we developed an approach by which we can obtain both single-walled carbon nanotubes and graphene, so we came up with the idea to take advantage of the two promising carbon nanomaterials together," said Michael Keidar, a professor at GWU and director of the Micro-propulsion and Nanotechnology Laboratory, in a press release.
Supercapacitors, also known as ultracapcitors or electrochemical double-layer capacitors (EDLCs), have held out the promise that they could store as much energy as an electrochemical battery like a lithium-ion battery, but charge up in a matter of seconds and provide quick bursts of a large amount of power as they do now for applications such as powering cranes or buses.
This potential has fueled the hope that supercapacitors could be used to power all-electrical vehicles, providing as much range as a lithium-ion battery does but charge up faster than the time it takes to fill up a car with gasoline. The interest in applying nanomaterials to these devices has become so intense that the lines between batteries and supercapacitors are becoming blurred as new materials are proposed.
In the race to practical—and potentially lucrative—applications, a promising approach in giving supercapacitors the same storage capacity as an electrochemical battery is increasing the surface area of the electrodes. More surface area translates into more ions being stored on the electrodes and the greater specific capacitance. While much is made of graphene's theoretical surface area of 2630 squared meters per gram, so far the largest surface area anyone has produced with graphene has been 1520 squared meters per gram, which is pretty typically found in today's activated carbon made from crushed coconuts.
So, the jury is still out on whether graphene or carbon nanotubes are viable alternatives to activated carbon for today's supercapacitor applications, even if you lower the cost of the material (it's hard to compete with crushed coconuts).
The End of Distance
How Social VR is Going to Bring Our World Closer Together
Matthias Mccoy-Thompson Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 28, 2016
Today marks the biggest revolution in gaming since Pong took games from the realm of boards into the digital. For the first time ever consumers will be able to step inside digital worlds and live out their dreams of fighting intergalactic spaces battles, exploring ancient dungeons, and following a fox around as he picks up coins.
All jokes aside, this is a truly transformational moment in the history of gaming. Personally, I believe that as video games increasingly become lived experiences, people will stop looking at them just as games but rather as our fantasies come to life. We're going to see an explosion in the categories and genres of games as developers fully flesh out what's possible in the medium. Humanity finally has a dream machine and we're going to use it to its full capacity.
But as easy as it is to get caught up in the gaming hype on day like today, we can also look forward to what this technology will do for humanity. Today is not just a transformational moment in the history of gaming. It is also the day when we plant the seeds for a revolution in the way we socialize, learn, and work. That's because virtual reality doesn't just allow us to go anywhere and do anything, it also allows us to have those experiences with anyone in the world.
Social VR
Social VR has already become one of the hottest use cases of virtual reality. Altspace and JanusVR have thousands of users chatting, watching movies, playing games, and just hanging out together in VR. Oculus has been pushing trivia games, VRChat has regular events, and vTime has even gotten Social VR working on Google Cardboard. It seems like we're quickly getting to the point where we don't need to hang out in person any more.
“I've got all the friends I need right here!” Photo of British artist Mark Farid.
For those that aren't in the know, Social VR is essentially a multi-user virtual reality environment. Just like in regular multi-user video games, avatars representing different people can talk and interact with each other. The big difference is that in virtual reality these interactions feel real. Although the other person might look like a space monkey or a Little Pony character, if the avatar moves and sounds like a real person your brain believes that they are.
If you've never tried one of these Social VR experiences before, drop what you're doing right now and check it out. It's amazing how real it feels. Because virtual reality convinces your brain on a fundamental level that the virtual reality simulation you're experiencing is real, your brain also believes all the people in that virtual reality environment are real too. And when you capture those people's head and hand movements and pair that with 3D audio coming from each user, it feels exactly like you're talking to them face-to-face.
This is nothing short of revolutionary. While the avatars still look like video game characters and due to the Uncanny Valley probably will for the next few years, we can now interact with people around the globe as if they were in the same room. As graphics improve, we're going to get to the point where virtual communication is nearly as good as face-to-face communication. Traveling purely for the purpose of meeting someone in person could become a thing of the past.
And if you thought we were lazy before…
We will be able to hang out on a regular basis with friends from other cities or even countries. Distance will no longer be a limiting factor in who we interact with. If the Internet made the world a little smaller, virtual reality will make it a singularity — as if all space was contained in a single point. And, just like a real singularity, that's when interesting things begin to happen.
One World Classroom
One of the most powerful applications of Social VR is in education. By bringing students together virtually, Social VR has the potential to make education more global, equitable, and interesting. Imagine a classroom with students from around the world connected through their virtual reality headsets. Teachers can be the “best of the best,” using virtual reality to teach hundreds or thousands of students at the same time. Lessons on Ancient Rome or particle physics can be accompanied by stunning 3D visuals that immerse students in their education.
Anyone that's read Ready Player One already knows exactly what I'm talking about. In the book, the main character lives in a slum but is able to connect to a beautiful virtual classroom with students from all over. Despite the inherent disadvantages he has in his life, he is still able to get a first class education.
One of the most fascinating aspects of the school are the ways teachers are able to control the classroom. Talking between students can be limited to classroom discussion times and students attention can be focused on each individual lesson.
In ways that are a lot less painful than this.
Jeremy Bailenson at the Stanford Virtual Human Interaction Lab has studied a number of interesting ways that virtual reality can be used to increase attention and retention in learning environments. Virtual reality can be used to have teachers mimic student body language, maintain eye contact, or even have every student sit at the front of the class.
But more than just a control mechanism, virtual reality can be used to make education more interesting. The Virtual Reality Learning Experience has already been bringing virtual reality experiences into classrooms for virtual field trips to space or the bottom of the ocean. Google's Expeditions Pioneer Program has taken this even further by developing experiences specifically designed for classroom lessons that teachers can share on Google Cardboard headsets.
Immersive VR Education has the most comprehensive program to make the classrooms of Ready Player One a reality. They're the team behind some of the most interesting educational VR experiences from Titans of Space to the Apollo 11 Experience to a ER VR, a medical training simulation. Recently they announced Lecture VR, a multi-user virtual classroom that allows teachers to bring in amazing 3D visuals from a Mars Rover to King Tut's death mask.
The end result is a program that can finally achieve Salman Khan's dream of a One World Schoolhouse. While prior online education programs have suffered from low student retention, VR classrooms keep students engaged and interested in the material. Eventually we'll finally have global high schools, colleges, and continuing education courses available to everyone in the world. That means a well educated workforce ready to enter the digital economy.
Eliminating Distance as a Factor in Business
Virtual reality is quickly becoming a hot topic in the business world. Top brands have been creating virtual reality marketing experiences for everything from hotels to cars to sodas. It's already being used a training tool for doctors and crane operators. Bloomberg is working on a virtual reality version of its famous market data terminal, taking advantage of the fact that you can have as many monitors as you want in VR.
But the most important application of virtual reality to business is in communications. Unlike videoconferencing, virtual reality really makes you feel like you're in the same room as another person. That means that all sorts of meetings that currently require travel can be replaced by entirely virtual meetings. Sales calls? Conferences? Training seminars? They can all be replicated in a virtual environment.
“Now when can we eliminate these meetings altogether?” Image courtesy of Highways England.
The best part is that virtual reality not only replaces but enhances each of these types of meetings. In a virtual sales call, you can bring in examples of the product, show it within the potential customer's workflow, and have experts on hand ready to answer questions. Virtual conferences can have incredible 3D visuals to impress attendees as well as access to the best speakers in the world without paying for their travel or accommodation. A training seminar in virtual reality could have any necessary props or tools on hand and an environment specifically designed for the training scenario.
But this is just the beginning. Virtual reality has the potential to disrupt the office itself. The enthusiastic response to Virtual Desktop in the VR community shows that people are willing to work in a virtual environment. Now combine the virtual desktop with social VR. People can work together in the same virtual office from anywhere in the world.
This eliminates the need for office space without any of the limitations that currently plague entirely remote workforces. Anyone that's worked from home for long periods of time knows that it can be socially isolating and occasionally difficult to concentrate on work without supervision. There isn't the same flow of ideas and ease of information sharing that you get when everyone works in the same place. But in a virtual office, you get all the benefits of working together without paying exorbitant corporate real estate prices.
An effective entirely remote workforce means that employees can live anywhere in the world without regard to where their companies are. Teams from London, Wyoming, Bangladesh, and Cape Town can work together to solve problems and develop products. When coupled with other emerging technologies like additive manufacturing, automated business tools, and robotics, companies can have incredible flexibility in how they operate creating a far more competitive economy.
Social VR is one of the most transformative concepts to arise out of the virtual reality revolution. While the Internet allowed us to connect with anyone in the world, it was still through impersonal communications. Virtual reality makes those communications feel visceral and natural, finally eliminating the barriers that still separate our world. If the world was a small place before, today marks the day it gets a whole lot smaller.
Pictured: The tiny police officer who has made British history... 5ft-tall Pc Port
They call him Laptop. But as Britain's smallest PC, Robin Port has heard all the jokes before.
At just 5ft tall in his police boots, he has learned that it helps to have a towering sense of humour.
The 29-year-old constable has made an impressive 17 arrests in his first month on the beat for the Devon and Cornwall force.
Small but effective: Britain's shortest ever police officer Pc Robin Port with his supervisor Inspector Matt Lawler (who is 6ft)
Which is evidence enough that this former soldier has what it takes to fight crime.
'I am very confident I can hold my own,' he said.
'I have martial arts training so I don't see myself as more at risk than any other police officer.
'In a situation where I might be faced with a 7ft bloke, their size also makes them vulnerable as I could sweep their legs out.
'When it comes to jokes about being short, I have heard them all so it's nothing new to me.
'I have learned that if people want to make an offensive comment towards a police officer they will find something to pick on, be it too short, too tall or having ginger hair or glasses.
'I've got quite a thick skin which is a requirement in this job. And the uniform still carries with it a lot of authority.'
Thick skin: Robin, originally from East Sussex, says members of the public have made comments about his stature but he was well used to the jokes about his height before joining the police
In the past, male recruits had to be at least 5ft 10in and women 5ft 4in to join many forces. But from the early 1990s, height restrictions have gradually been removed.
Now there are no British forces which still operate a minimum height requirement.
Before training as a police officer, PC Port was in the force's crime data input bureau as a civilian worker.
He was previously in the Army and served in Iraq and Northern Ireland, reaching the rank of Lance Corporal and being awarded several campaign medals.
'I was able to serve the country by joining the Army, whereas being a police officer is a chance to serve the community,' he said.
'My fellow recruits were all incredibly supportive and I always felt included like any other officer.'
PC Port's supervisor, Inspector Matt Lawler, who stands at 6ft, said he has already proved to be a first-rate frontline officer.
'I have been really pleased with PC Port's progress and the work he has done over the last two months,' he said.
'I am pleased to have him with us and continue to support him.
Monday 11/29/2004 While the concrete cladding is drying I started laying the first course of 4" concrete blocks.
Saturday 12/04/04 Continuing to work on the facade. Check out the curves.
Saturday 12/04/04 I called it a day after laying two more courses of brick.
Sunday 12/05/04 On Sunday I only laid one course of bricks and then started working on the sides.
Sunday 12/05/04 I decided to fill up the front gaps with brick leftovers and layers of mortar. This gives me some kind of "Home Blended" concrete.
Sunday 12/05/04 Once dry, I will be able to stack 12" by 12" blocks on top.
Wednesday 12/08/04 The first 12" block is in place. We're currently debating how many we will stack on top of each other.
Wednesday 12/08/04 The first and second row of 4" blocks were bonded together by 14 inch pieces of rebar and concrete.
Wednesday 12/08/04 Current front view. I'm still waiting for the chimney flue liner to come in. Until then, I can't finish the brickwork.
Saturday 12/11/01 The side gaps are filled with a vermiculite/cement mixture.
Saturday 12/11/01 I slightly underestimated the amount of vermiculte I was going to need. I bought 10 cubic feet and this is how far I got.
Saturday 12/11/01 Two extra 12" blocks were added on the sides.
Saturday 12/11/01 Chimney flue.
Sunday 12/12/04 Looking down into the chimney.
Want more detail? Consider getting the Brickoventampa CD ROM
Sunday 12/12/04 Two pieces of angle iron will hold up the flue.
Sunday 12/12/04 A second piece of angle iron will hold up the bricks.
Sunday 12/12/04 Everything gets filled in with bricks.
Sunday 12/12/04 Looking up from the bottom of the chimney.
Sunday 12/12/04 The chimney has been closed in and now I have to figure out how to build it up to the top of the flue.
Thursday 12/16/04 I got two more bags of vermiculite to cover the rest of the oven.
Thursday 12/16/04 The two bags covered everything but I will buy one last bag so I can bring the thickness of the insulation to 6 inches.
Thursday 12/16/04 I also added two flat coral stones on both sides.
Saturday 12/18/2004 Before I covered the thing with stucco, I needed to make sure there was some kind of ventilation in case moisture got trapped in the vermiculite. I decided to place three stainless steel tubes in the vermiculite.
The reason why I went with this system is because I my father-in-law had these pipes laying around and he suggested it might be a good solution.
I agreed.
Saturday 12/18/2004 Every inch I made a small incision on both sides of the tube so that moisture (steam) could easily escape from it.
In case you are wondering: It does work.
Saturday 12/18/2004 I started a very small fire to help dry out any moisture left in the oven.
Saturday 12/18/2004 Woohoo. Exciting!
Saturday 12/18/2004 Good draft.
Saturday 12/18/2004 Aaaahhhhh.....
Sunday 12/19/2004 A first layer of stucco is applied.
Sunday 12/19/2004 One layer of rabbit fence for strength.
Sunday 12/19/2004 This is how the oven looks after 3 layers. The lines in the stucco are there on purpose. It facilitates the bonding between layers.
Tuesday 12/28/2004 At first the oven turns black because of the soot. When the bricks get really hot, the soot burns off. When there is no more soot left in the oven, it's said to be "white hot". You will want a white hot oven for baking foods.
Tuesday 12/28/2004 To limit the amount of fresh (i.e. cold) air that can come into the oven I made a draft door. The next day I found out how fast wooden contraptions catch fire.
Wednesday 12/29/2004 Tonight's temperature reading is brought to you by Ybor Gold. The dome peaked at about 550F and the hearth at 620F. I took about 2.5 hours to heat up.
Wednesday 12/29/04 We decided to take advantage of the heat and make our very first pizza.
Wednesday 12/29/04 This pizza was baked at 550F. Note that the oven is "white hot".
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — Alaska Airlines is continuing to add service to and from Albuquerque, dding a non-stop, daily flight to San Francisco.
According to a news release from the city, the flights to San Francisco International Airport will begin Sept. 18. The flights go on sale today.
Alaska Airlines recently announced it would begin serving Portland and Orange County in August. Alaska has been providing service to Seattle since 2014.
The flights between Albuquerque and San Francisco will be operated by Horizon Air on 76-seat E175 jets.
“I am thrilled that Alaska Airlines continues to expand in our great city.” said Mayor Richard J. Berry. “With today's announcement, they will now serve four nonstop destinations from the Sunport.”
Since 2009, the Sunport has added three new airlines with service to three new destinations and expanded options to five existing destinations, according to the city.
The city also has announced a major renovation project to the pre-security portion of the terminal this spring, with completion scheduled in 2018.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Migrants are crossing the Austrian border on foot, reports Anna Holligan
Austria saw the arrival of at least 10,000 migrants on Saturday, amid bitter rows among EU nations on how to handle the growing crisis.
The migrants had been sent from Croatia into Hungary, which in turn shipped them on to Austria.
Hungary accused Croatia of breaking the rules by failing to register the migrants - some told the BBC that Hungary had not registered them either.
Meanwhile, 26 migrants are missing after their boat sank off Greece.
Coastguards managed to rescue 20 people but were told the boat had been carrying 46 people when it sank off the Greek island of Lesbos.
Separately, a search is continuing for 13 people still missing after their boat sank in the same waters on Saturday, killing a five-year-old girl.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption People keep on flowing to the Hungary-Croatia border, says Ben Brown
On Saturday Austrian police said they were expecting at least 10,000 arrivals, while the head of the Austrian Red Cross, Gerry Foitik, later told Austria Presse Agentur (APA) that between 12,000 to 13,000 people had entered the country over the course of the day.
The deputy police chief of Austria's Burgenland state, Christian Stella, told APA that Hungary had not given enough warning.
Austrian Interior Minister Johanna Mikl-Leitner accused neighbouring countries of failing to follow EU rules, expressing concern that migrants were also arriving from Croatia via Slovenia.
One migrant who crossed into the Austrian town of Heiligenkreuz from Hungary told the Associated Press news agency: "I feel like I've been born anew. It makes no difference whether I am delayed, whether I stay here two days. The important thing is that I've finally arrived and that I am now finally safe."
Croatia has seen 20,000 migrants entering from Serbia since Wednesday and, after initially welcoming them, said it was unable to cope and moved them on.
Prime Minister Zoran Milanovic admitted there was no agreement with Hungary.
"We forced them, by sending people up there. And we'll keep doing it," he said.
Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto branded Mr Milanovic "pathetic", adding: "Instead of honestly making provision for the immigrants, it sent them straight to Hungary. What kind of European solidarity is this?"
The Hungarian government accused Croatia of breaching international law by failing to register migrants and said all migrants would be registered in Hungary before they could leave for northern Europe.
However, a number of migrants who reached Austria via Hungary told the BBC they had not been registered in Hungary either, simply driven in buses across the country and told to walk over a railway line into Austria.
A Hungarian government spokesman could not confirm this, but said that although it was policy to register migrants, they could not be forced to do so.
While Hungary continues to transport migrants arriving from Croatia, it is building a razor-wire fence on the border that will be completed soon.
It says it will then enforce the same tough laws it introduced earlier this week on its Serbian border - where there is a similar fence - making crossing it a criminal offence.
However, government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs said that "at the moment" stopping the flow "seems to be impractical".
Read more:
In pictures: Migrants seek new routes
Timelapse of migrant queue at Croatian border
What is the next route through Europe?
How are the migrant crisis dividing EU countries?
Crisis in graphics
In other developments:
A series of multinational operations off Libya, including vessels from the UK, Italy and Germany, rescued nearly 5,000 people trying to reach Europe on Saturday
Romanian Foreign Minister Bogdan Aurescu says Hungary's plan to build a fence along their shared border is an "unacceptable solution and it contravenes the spirit of the EU"
EU meeting
Slovenia also accused Croatia of breaking the rules of both the EU and the Schengen free movement area.
Image copyright AP Image caption Tension remains high at the Edirne crossing point between Greece and Turkey
Image copyright Reuters Image caption A local Greek (R) jumps in to help rescue an Afghan migrant who abandoned a floundering dinghy off the island of Lesbos
It said more than 1,500 migrants had entered the country, with hundreds more at the border.
Slovenian interior ministry official Bostjan Sefic said the police were "fully in control and the security situation is good".
Some 150 migrants have now entered Austria from the Slovenian border and were taken to the southern Austrian town of Spielfeld.
Most of the migrants are en route to more prosperous northern European countries - with Germany the favourite destination.
The EU has been strongly criticised for its failure to co-ordinate a response.
Interior ministers will hold an emergency meeting on Tuesday in another attempt to agree on relocating migrants with binding quotas for each state.
The next day, EU leaders will hold an extraordinary summit on migration.
Migrant crisis in Europe: Key dates
13 July: Hungary starts building razor-wire fence on border with Serbia
Hungary starts building razor-wire fence on border with Serbia 25 Aug: Germany says all Syrian refugees can apply for asylum there, regardless of which EU country they first entered
Germany says all Syrian refugees can apply for asylum there, regardless of which EU country they first entered 2 Sept: Image of body of three-year-old Syrian Alan Kurdi, washed ashore in Turkey, moves public opinion worldwide
Image of body of three-year-old Syrian Alan Kurdi, washed ashore in Turkey, moves public opinion worldwide 12 Sept: Record 4,330 migrants cross into Hungary
Record 4,330 migrants cross into Hungary 13 Sept: In a switch of policy, Germany introduces border controls with Austria - other EU nations later impose their own controls
In a switch of policy, Germany introduces border controls with Austria - other EU nations later impose their own controls 15 Sept: Hungary enforces tough laws on migrants crossing its border fence, prompting thousands to turn to Croatian route
Hungary enforces tough laws on migrants crossing its border fence, prompting thousands to turn to Croatian route 18 Sept: Croatia transports migrants over its border into Hungary, where Hungary rushes to build new fence
A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.
On March 4, 1978, the presses fell silent for the last time at the Chicago Daily News, an iconic and crusading newspaper that was unable to adapt to changing times. The following article, which originally appeared here in 2005, is reprinted as a reminder of what happens when a paper runs out of readers, revenues and ideas."It's fun being the publisher when things are going well," squeaked the young man who stumbled awkwardly to the top of a battered desk in the unusually silent newsroom of the Chicago Daily News. "But it's no fun today."Swallowing a nervous giggle, Marshall Field V cleared his throat and read the assembled staff the short, typewritten death warrant of one of the most distinguished newspapers in American history. An agonizing month later, on March 4, 1978, the Daily News signed off with the jaunty banner, "So long, Chicago."The line was written by the late nightside copy desk chief, Tom Gavagan, a chain-smoking, working-class Irishman who seemed to own only two shirts -- one in burnt orange, the other in avocado green. The tears in Gav's eyes weren't from the smoke.Although it happened 35 years ago, the story is worth telling today, because many of the zany, brainy people who made that paper sing aren't here to talk about it any more. They were my mentors, comrades and friends, and I cherish their memories.But this isn't just ancient history. It is a valuable reminder to today's media companies of what happens when you run out of readers, revenues and ideas all at the same time.The Daily News, like most afternoon newspapers, succumbed at the age of 102 to a declining audience and rising expenses.Its readers had moved on. On to the suburbs, where delivery trucks couldn't reach them with a paper that didn't come off the press until afternoon. On to the sofa, where they favored Three's Company on television.There were no home computers, no Internet, no iPods and no cellphones to get between our readers and us in 1978. Still, circulation dropped. The management was changed. Circulation dropped. We redesigned the paper. Circulation dropped. We tinkered with the product. Circulation dropped.In the end, there was nothing left to do. Some 300 people lost their jobs, and Chicago lost a great newspaper.The Daily News, in its best days, was a cutting-edge conscience in conservative Chicago, a husky, brawling town that wasn't always ready for reform. The paper stood fast against official incompetence and government corruption and stood tall for civil rights and the little guy. For years, the Daily News stubbornly held its price to a penny, so as to be affordable to laborers heading home from work.It was one of the first newspapers to have foreign correspondents, to print photographs or to cover that new-fangled medium, radio. Its widely syndicated coverage won 13 Pulitzer Prizes, including three for meritorious public service.The Daily News cultivated a limitless array of talent over a century, including Eugene Field, George Ade, Ben Hecht, Finley Peter Dunne, Carl Sandburg, Peter Lisagor, M.W. Newman, Lu Palmer, Lois Wille and our latter-day franchise player, Mike Royko.The list is too long to print here. But the Daily News, in its classy way, printed the name of everyone working on the staff on the day the paper folded.My name was on that list. It remains one of proudest, and saddest, moments of my life.
Tennis is played and followed in most nations worldwide. But professional players aren't making much money. Fewer than 1,000 pro players break even at the sport. Far fewer make a decent living.
The opportunities to make good money are dwindling. More players are competing for prizes that are growing slowly, especially at the game's lowest levels. Earlier this month, the ATP World Tour, which runs the most lucrative pro men's events, announced it was increasing prize money significantly over the next four years. But the most exclusive tournaments will get the biggest boosts. After adjusting for inflation , prize money on the ATP's Challenger Tour — the equivalent of baseball's AAA minor league — has fallen by 25 percent in the last six years.
Soon after the ATP's announcement, the International Tennis Federation released results of its analysis of the pro game's financials. Among the sobering findings: Only 336 men and 253 women made more than they spent playing tennis last year.
In every pro sport, many compete for few lucrative slots. Tennis's economics are particularly brutal. Players are individual contractors who have to cover their own transportation, equipment, coaching and — at some events — accommodation and food. Almost all of them have to supplement their winnings with sponsorships, support from their national federations or their families, odd jobs or all of the above.
The best 104 men and 104 women get safe passage to the four Grand Slam tournaments each year. They're the players who have a chance to make a lot of money playing tennis. Lose your first match at each one last year, and you would still earn roughly $130,000. The rest of the players in the world are fighting for much smaller purses. The ITF estimates that the 4,978 men who won some prize money last year but weren't in the top 1 percent earned, on average, a little over $13,000. The bottom 99 percent of the 2,650 women who earned prize money averaged about $22,600.
If you're the 350th best man in the world at baseball, basketball, American football, ice hockey or soccer, you're earning more than $500,000 each year, expenses paid. If you're the 350th best man in tennis, you're probably either falling into debt or getting help from a sponsor or parent. Tennis looks better financially for women than for men, relative to other sports, yet it's likely that fewer than 200 women are earning a living from tennis prize money.
Tennis's problem is that its fan base is wide but not deep. It has fans in countries around the world, but rarely enough to support a major tournament with sellouts and big TV ratings in any single market.
The ITF is considering how to divide the revenue among players in a way that's best for the game. The nonprofit body is studying the sport's economics to make sure that players who are good enough to break through don't quit the game before doing so — and to hasten the departure of those who aren't good enough. The ITF's data shows it takes about a year longer now than it did in 2000 for a player to go from his or her first ranking to reaching the Top 100, which is another year during which promising players might get discouraged and drop their rackets.
“The last thing I'd want is for an exceptionally talented player to have to leave the game after a year or two, before they realize their potential,” Kris Dent, the ITF's director of pro tennis, said in a telephone interview. “That's something that drives what we're doing, first and foremost.”
The ITF enlisted outside researchers in Australia and the U.K. for its study. It surveyed 7,605 players worldwide, three-quarters of them active professional players. Just 6 percent of women and 5 percent of men who responded said their prize money in their most recent year of professional play covered their expenses. More than half of men and women said they had to cut costs to a level they deemed unacceptable for hotels and the number and quality of tournaments they played.
The life most pro players lead is far from glamorous. They are concerned more with having enough balls and a good court to play on, than with paparazzi and endorsements. Players were asked in the survey where they'd be OK with cuts. Balls and facility maintenance were the lowest on their list. In a recent post on Facebook, 22-year-old Tomás Buchhass of Argentina lamented “courts in a pitiful state which are a hazard to the physical well-being of the players” at a Chilean ITF event. And a photo of a shredded net on a practice court at a Tunisian ITF event made the rounds on Twitter last month.
In one of the least surprising findings of modern polling history, nearly all players said prize money should increase. (Just who were the 12 percent of men and 21 percent of women who disagreed, the ITF couldn't say.)
Dent agrees with players, to a point. He'd like to see less hardship for young players. For instance, he wants the lowest-level tournaments to cover players' food and hotel costs in the form of a per diem; this year fewer than 4 percent of ITF pro events covered all players' hospitality costs. That would help encourage players to travel to more tournaments. More prize money would help, too, but big increases aren't realistic for most events. Below the top rungs of the men's and women's tours, there is little to no income coming from sponsorships, ticket sales or broadcast rights, Dent said. National federations, sometimes with grants from the ITF or the Grand Slams, generally cover costs, and aren't likely to pay for big prize-money increases.
Many different bodies run the sport. Each of the four Grand Slams is run by the host nation's tennis federation. The ATP runs the men's tour, the WTA the women's tour. For the men, the ATP handles the highest minor-league level, of Challengers, while the ITF runs the lowest-level pro tournaments, called Futures. For women, the ITF runs all events below tour level.
The ITF runs the least lucrative tournaments, so it doesn't have much leeway to increase prize money at those. Dent wants to shrink the player pool so there is more money for each player. “We need to look at how we reward players who are progressing, but start to make it harder for players who aren't,” he said.
Tennis isn't likely to start forcing players to earn tour cards, as golf does. But Dent repeatedly cited golf as an example of a sport that properly “signposts” steps on aspiring pros' journeys. Tennis, he said, needs to a better job of that. The point of Futures and Challengers isn't to award enough money for players to live on, but to identify the best emerging talents and bestow ranking points so they can qualify for bigger, more lucrative tournaments. Toughening playing-down rules, which prevent players from competing at events below their level, are a way for the ITF to ensure that prize money and ranking points at entry-level events get divvied up among emerging stars, not established veterans.
Dent also envisions adding yet a lower level of competition — development events that cash-strapped national federations can support so that local players can afford to play without heavy travel costs. The events would have smaller draws and use officials with less experience than is required at current ITF events — while not skimping on costs for courts and balls.
“Already a number of developing nations, particularly in Africa, find it difficult to host events at the prize-money level we have,” Dent said. Nearly half of men's prize money at ITF events, and more than half of ITF women's prize money, was distributed at European events this year.
The pool of money for aspiring players could be growing soon. In March, the ITF Board will consider the idea of the development tour and other potential changes — including increases to prize money and hospitality — in light of the research. The ATP likely will increase prize money and hospitality spending at Challenger tournaments next year, too, according to a spokesman — which would reverse recent stagnation and decline.
The big money, though, remains at the top of the game — and the gap likely will widen. The ATP's recently announced prize-money increases are biggest for the 500- and 1,000-level tournaments, which are the most exclusive ones, with increases of 50 percent and 54 percent, respectively, in 2018 compared to this year, after adjusting for projected inflation. The 250-level events, one notch up from Challengers, will increase prize money by just 6 percent.
Michael Hefele has scored three goals in his last three appearances
Both managers were sent to the stands as Michael Hefele scored a dramatic late winner to help Huddersfield leapfrog West Yorkshire rivals Leeds.
The German defender prodded home in the 89th minute after Aaron Mooy's shot deflected into his path.
Huddersfield boss David Wagner and Leeds counterpart Garry Monk clashed in the aftermath, prompting a mass brawl.
Sub Izzy Brown had put the hosts in front from Tommy Smith's cross, before Chris Wood showed composure to level.
Garry Monk and David Wagner clashed after the German had joined his team's celebrations following their late winner
The win lifts the Terriers up to fourth, one point and one place above their promotion rivals with a game in hand.
Town deserved their victory, though the game had looked destined to end level before Hefele's late intervention.
Wagner sprinted down the pitch to join his team's celebrations and, after he bumped into Monk on his way back to his technical area, both teams were involved in a confrontation that culminated in both managers being sent off and three players being booked.
The two teams could yet meet again in the play-offs this season.
Huddersfield manager David Wagner told BBC Radio Leeds:
"The mood is fantastic, everyone has a smile on their face and is happy about this afternoon which we were able to celebrate and enjoy together.
"I think it was a great football match from both sides, very energetic, high speed, and battles all over the grass.
"At the end I think the better team won - we were the team which created more opportunities, which had more chances and better chances as well."
Leeds boss Garry Monk told BBC Radio Leeds:
"I really felt for my players at the end - they didn't deserve that at all, they deserved at least a point today.
"I thought we were very committed, we disrupted them, we followed a good game plan and our display warranted more than what we got.
"It was a bitter pill to swallow, to be honest."
OBJECTIVE:
To evaluate the cumulative probability of regret after tubal sterilization, and to identify risk factors for regret that are identifiable before sterilization.
METHODS:
We used a prospective, multicenter cohort study to evaluate the cumulative probability of regret within 14 years after tubal sterilization. Participants included 11,232 women aged 18-44 years who had tubal sterilizations between 1978 and 1987. Actuarial life tables and Cox proportional hazards models were used to identify those groups at greatest risk of experiencing regret.
RESULTS:
The cumulative probability of expressing regret during a follow-up interview within 14 years after tubal sterilization was 20.3% for women aged 30 or younger at the time of sterilization and 5.9% for women over age 30 at sterilization (adjusted relative risk [RR] 1.9; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.6, 2.3). For the former group, the cumulative probability of regret was similar for women sterilized during the postpartum period (after cesarean, 20.3%, 95% CI 14.5, 26.0; after vaginal delivery, 23.7%, 95% CI 17.6, 29.8) and for women sterilized within 1 year after the birth of their youngest child (22.3%, 95% CI 16.4, 28.2). For women aged 30 or younger at sterilization, the cumulative probability of regret decreased as time since the birth of the youngest child increased (2-3 years, 16.2%, 95% CI 11.4, 21.0; 4-7 years, 11.3%, 95% CI 7.8, 14.8; 8 or more years, 8.3%, 95% CI 5.1, 11.4) and was lowest among women who had no previous births (6.3%, 95% CI 3.1, 9.4).
CONCLUSION:
Although most women expressed no regret after tubal sterilization, women 30 years of age and younger at the time of sterilization had an increased probability of expressing regret during follow-up interviews within 14 years after the procedure.
Adan Salazar
Infowars.com
January 14, 2013
What just a few months ago was dismissed as a pipe dream or wishful thinking has today become a reality that will no doubt take the gun control debate, not just nationally but worldwide, to a whole new level.
Infowars.com has been reporting on this 3D printing innovator's amazing work over the last few months. As Infowars breaks this story online, we wonder if the dinosaur press will realize the incredible significance of this – this technological development will circumvent unconstitutional magazine bans and could end the huge shortages we're seeing. The future is now.
In November's issue of Infowars Magazine, we wrote about Defense Distributed, a non-profit thinktank experimenting with the revolutionary technology of desktop 3D printing.
Defense Distributed's goal is to provide a website that anyone in the world could visit to download the files needed to literally print out a working firearm, aptly dubbed a “wiki weapon,” using a 3D printer, a technology that's already available to the average citizen and is also becoming increasingly affordable.
We are pleased to announce that a huge leap has been made in bringing that concept to fruition.
Yesterday, we received word from the group that they had produced a working 30-round AR magazine, demonstrably very capable as exemplified in a video of Defense Distributed's un-official frontman Cody Wilson going to town using a fully-automatic rifle.
In the video, Wilson sarcastically asks, “How's that national conversation going?” as he proceeds to fire a barrage of bullets from a gun notably outfitted with a 30-round 3D printed magazine.
AR Magazine's Demonization and Scarcity
In the wake of the Sandy Hook shooting, the AR 30-round magazine has become highly sought-after, despite the fact that a report by NBC concluded that suspected gunman Adam Lanza did not use a semi-automatic rifle during the shooting and instead left the weapon in his car during the assault.
The popular AR magazine is one of the items at the center of the heated gun control debate and is set to be banned if Cali. Sen. Dianne Feinstein's anti-assault weapons bill passes, which “Bans large-capacity ammunition feeding devices capable of accepting more than 10 rounds.”
Top gun parts manufacturers have reported that they are having a hard time keeping this particular magazine in stock, with at least one manufacturer, Haus of Guns, reporting a backorder of one million magazines.
With people now able to print their own AR magazines, the burden on gun parts manufacturers should definitely be lightened.
David Gregory Got Away with Having an AR Magazine on NBC
Google Images screen capture
NBC's David Gregory also recently received backlash for flashing an AR “high-capacity” magazine on national television during an interview.
A few weeks ago, during a segment on “Meet the Press,” Gregory decided it would bolster his anti-gun argument to flash a magazine at NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre, while asking, “Isn't it possible that if we got rid of these…we could reduce the carnage in a situation like Newtown?”
It was recently announced that, although many were outraged by Gregory's audacity in breaking DC's restrictive firearm laws, which prohibit magazines that can hold more than 10 rounds of ammunition, no charges would be brought up against him or NBC (surprise, surprise…).
The Atlantic Wire reported that Washington DC Attorney General Irvin B. Nathan decided against pressing charges on Gregory, saying that “the temporary possession and short display of the magazine was to promote the First Amendment purpose of informing an ongoing public debate about firearms policy in the United States…”
Rep Steve Israel Sees Potential for 3D Printed Weapons
Courtesy of WikiWep DevBlog
While Defense Distributed's ultimate goal of arming the world with 3D printed weapons is still quite a ways down the road, one Congressman fears the technology's potential.
In December, Rep. Steve Israel (D–NY) announced that he would seek legislation renewing the federal ban on undetectable firearms set to expire at the end of this year.
According to his House site, Israel told lawmakers, “Congress passed a law banning plastic guns for two decades, when they were just a movie fantasy. With the advent of 3-D printers these guns are suddenly a real possibility, but the law Congress passed is set to expire next year. We should act now to give law enforcement authorities the power to stop the development of these weapons before they are as easy to come by as a Google search. ”
The piece of legislation Israel is referring to is the Undetectable Firearms Act which makes it unlawful to produce a firearm that is not detectable by a walk-through metal detector or X-ray machine.
As we noted in the November issue of Infowars Magazine, Defense Distributed is well aware of the “undetectable” law, and say their weapons will comply with said measure; however, they are keeping it a secret as to how exactly they plan to bypass this little piece of legislation: “We've been pretty public about telling people what we're doing, but I'm not sure I want to give away the legal strategy here…Bottom line we're gonna follow the law.”
What's Next for Defense Distributed?
It remains to be seen where “A little American ingenuity,” as they note in their Youtube video, will take Defense Distributed, whose noble goal it is to provide a firearm portable defense to anyone who so desires it; however, as we stated previously, it should only be a matter of time before all anyone will need is the internet, a 3D printer, and some ammo.
Visit Defense Distributed where you can read reviews on the new mag or click here to download your “high-capacity” AR magazine now.
Alex interviewed Defense Distributed's Cody Wilson on Monday's Infowars Nightly News.
In October 2012, Infowars reporter Jon Bowne did an exposé on Defense Distributed.
A Maidstone tomato processor that has made headlines for expanding into China and Nigeria has run into major financial trouble.
Thomas Canning, which was founded in 1933, has gone into receivership. Richter, a Toronto-based firm, was appointed by the court as receiver of Thomas Canning's assets, undertakings and properties in June.
Thomas Canning signs a deal with Festrut Group in 2014. (Jeff Harrington/CBC News)
After accepting a $3-million grant from the provincial government in 2014, Thomas Canning started to look to China and Nigeria for expansion.
In April 2014, the company signed a $25-million deal with Nigerian company Festrut Group to produce 2.2 million cases of tomato products for the African market.
One year later, Thomas Canning CEO Bill Thomas was part of a 10-day trade mission in China with provincial Agriculture Minister Jeff Leal.
Fortunes began to turn in 2015
Thomas Canning's misfortunes started in 2015 when the company and owner was charged with mislabeling conventional tomatoes as organic, selling canned tomatoes with a false country of origin and making a false statement to a inspector with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency.
Another major blow came in March 2017 when nine tomato growers from Essex County and Chatham-Kent filed a $2.85-million lawsuit against Thomas Canning for "breach of contract."
David Epp, one of the growers, was not surprised to hear about the receivership.
"We've been wondering about this for some time, given the management of the place," he told CBC News. "(Our) litigation is still active but all the assets of the company have been sold, so there's nothing left. We don't anticipate receiving a penny for our losses."
Government monitoring situation
The province will be watching any developments with the company, according to Leal. He wants to work with other ministries to help out Canning employees.
"My primary concern right now is for the workers, tomato growers, and the local community," he said in a statement. "My ministry and the Ontario Farm Products Marketing Commission are closely monitoring developments with the company."
Former Windsor West Liberal MPP Teresa Piruzza announces a $3 million dollar grant for Thomas Canning in February 2014. (Andreanne Baribeau/Radio-Canada)
In terms of the $3 million grant given to the company in 2014, Leal said the ministry is assessing the situation pending the finalization of the sale of the business.
At the funding announcement made by then Windsor West Liberal MPP Teresa Piruzza, Thomas said the money would be used to build a new processing plant, scheduled to be open in 2015, on an adjacent property that would create 40 new full time jobs. The plant never opened.
Mississauga company hopes to expand plant
Golden Miles Foods, a Mississauga-based food processor, is in the midst of finalizing a deal to purchase the Thomas Canning facility.
CEO Santokh Mahal told CBC News his company plans to do a major expansion of the Maidstone plant, upgrading it to process corn, beans and peas in addition to tomatoes. He plans to produce 1,000 tonnes of tomato paste a day for use in sauces to complement the company's pasta line.
"I can say more in one week," Mahal said.
One of the Religious Right's favorite tricks is to do something that pretty much everyone agrees is legal, and then thumb their noses at groups like Americans United when nobody gets in trouble for doing it.
Here's a recent example: Earlier this week, two groups called Faith in Action and the Christian Defense Coalition brought a living Nativity scene to the sidewalk in front of the U.S. Supreme Court. The Revs. Rob Schenck and Patrick Mahoney had a camel, a donkey and people posing as Mary, Joseph and the three wise men. (For added realism, Mary was even carrying a four-month-old baby, not a doll.)
Mahoney asserted that people like these kinds of displays but added “[T]he courts and groups like the ACLU and Americans United are mounting an all-out assault on public expressions of faith. So in America, you have this very fascinating situation. The general public is very warm toward public expressions of faith, while the courts and elite groups are very uncomfortable with it.”
Only that's not what the courts have said, and it's not what Americans United believes. The sidewalk in front of the Supreme Court is well known as a free-speech zone. Every time I go to the high court I see people there marching around with signs, expressing their point of view.
This includes religious perspectives, because many of the folks who protest there don't like legal abortion and often hoist signs containing Bible verses. Some even get down on their knees and pray in front of the court.
Americans United does not object to that. What we oppose is the government deciding to adopt a religious point of view and holding that up as the standard for everyone. When the mayor of Anytown puts a Nativity scene up on the town green at taxpayer expense, she is sending the message that Anytown has a preferred religion and here is its symbol. We oppose that. Under the First Amendment, Anytown isn't allowed to have a preferred religion.
When the Knights of Columbus get a permit and puts a Nativity scene on the town green that its members paid for and they maintain, there is no problem – as long as every other group in town is given the same right. So a Jewish group can erect a menorah, the atheists can put up a banner supporting reason and the Flying Spaghetti Monster's adherents can erect a rendering of His Noodlyness. (Don't laugh. This is exactly what's going on in Leesburg, Va.)
A CNN report on the display noted that Schenck and Mahoney hope other people follow their example. The story reported that tax-funded religious symbols are problematic and added, “The way around it, say the pastors, is to get a permit and have the funds for the scenes come from private donors.”
Well, duh! That's what Americans United has been saying for something like 30 years now. I'm glad Schenck and Mahoney have finally caught on.
Look, this isn't rocket science: Private groups should pay for, erect and maintain religious symbols. If they want to put them on public space, they should get the proper permits. They should respect the right of other groups to do the same. Government should stay out of the theology business and refrain from displaying any sectarian symbols at taxpayer expense.
So, to the Revs. Schenck and Mahoney I can only say: Good luck with your privately funded living Nativity scene that isn't government supported. That's my favorite kind. (Just be sure to clean up after that camel.)
Alexander Wang's stand against fakes has paid off: the 32-year-old designer has been awarded $90 million USD in damages by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York in his case against counterfeiters and cybersquatters. According to WWD, 459 different domain names for websites peddling fake Alexander Wang handbags, footwear, apparel, and accessories have been locked and transferred to Alexander Wang Inc. while the assets for each of the defendants have been frozen. Said Dennis Wang, chief principal officer of Alexander Wang Inc., in a statement:
The company takes its intellectual property rights very seriously. Protecting our brand requires maintaining constant vigilance on a global scale as well as taking proactive measures such as sending cease and desist orders directly to domestic and foreign counterfeiters as well as contacting web site servers that host counterfeit sites. The creativity and originality of our designs are the foundation upon which the company is based. Since the launch of the brand in 2005, we have collectively devoted an incalculable amount of resources — time, money, and hard work — toward creating a trademark that is distinctive and uniquely our own. I am very pleased that the court recognized this and decided in our favor.
Sadly, however, Wang and co. may never collect the $90 million USD they've been awarded: domain names like those that were seized are often near-impossible to trace. According to a spokesman, “The court system regularly awards very large amounts for the symbolic significance, as a means of deterring other individuals and parties. In other words, Alexander Wang is unlikely to receive $90 million.”
There were other treasures besides fake documents in Yakub Memon 's now famous briefcase. Among these was a Sony micro-cassette on which Yakub secretly recorded a conversation in Karachi. The transcript of the tape was part of the supplementary charge-sheet filed by the CBI in the TADA court in Bombay last fortnight.
India Today confirmed a portion of the tape with lawyer Ram Jethmalani. Dawood Ibrahim did ring Jethmalani in London sometime last year. Says Jethmalani: "Dawood told me he is totally innocent and uninvolved in the bomb blasts. I told him he should surrender and face trial. He said he was willing, but on two conditions. One, that he would only be tried for the bomb blasts and not earlier cases. And two, that he would get bail and physical protection since the trial could go on for years. He didn't mind being under house arrest." Since Jethmalani was in London, his son Mahesh contacted Bombay Joint Police Commissioner M.N. Singh.
Says Mahesh Jethmalani: "Singh said the chief minister would have to be informed. Since I didn't hear from him, I contacted Sharad Pawar. He (Pawar) called Singh and Samra (then police commissioner) for a meeting. They were willing to ensure his security, but not the rest. Pawar said he would have to consult the prime minister. He never got back to me after that."
The transcript sounds credible, though a strange fact stands out: known to be very gregarious, Tiger Memon hardly speaks. Why? Did he know Yakub was taping the conversation? Was he aware of the other Memons' plans? Tantalising questions.
The Memon Tape:
May 19, 1994: Around 10 p.m.
Taufiq Siddique Jaliawala, Syed Arif (another Pakistani smuggler who helped the ISI in the bomb blasts conspiracy), Tiger Memon, and his brothers Suleman, Yakub and Ayub Memon are sitting in the garden of the Memons' house in Karachi, chatting in Urdu. The occasion is a dinner for the birthday of Mohammed, Tiger's son. Tiger has just returned from Dubai, where he met Arif. The women are inside the house and Yakub's father Abdul Razzak has also gone in.
Tiger (to Arif): I had to go to Dubai, so I called you. I spoke to your missus and was told it wasn't okay to disturb you.
Taufiq enquires about Abdul Razzak. Yakub replies that his father wants to rest.
Yakub: He wanted to confirm whether it was all true.
Taufiq: Now there is nothing to worry about. What can be confirmed from us? Even tougher agencies than ours could not get a confession.
Tiger: There is just one hot topic these days in Dubai, that Mustafa (Tiger's family nickname) and Arif dominate everything in Dubai.
Yakub (asking Taufiq): Is it safe to go there (Dubai) now?
Taufiq: No, no. Tiger should move very carefully. You people don't have a problem though.
Yakub: Muchchad (Dawood) will go. It is not a problem for him.
They then talk about others in hiding.
Arif: Your social life will become normal here too.
Taufiq: Apart from Dubai, you can freely go anywhere in the world. Did you get your passports and ID cards?
Yakub: Yes. Farook (Taufiq's son-in-law) came and gave them. He was a little busy with the wedding.
Taufiq: Did everyone get them? Now we have to see that everyone gets their original cards. The passports made are original. The I-cards are not right.
Yakub: But they are all dated after March 12, 1993. Why didn't they backdate them?
Taufiq: They couldn't have been made. Otherwise they would have done it.
Yakub: It cannot be a big deal for them. They all hold high posts. It could be difficult for others. Is it for them too?
Taufiq: It's difficult. The record can't be created.
Arif (to Suleman): Aftab bhai will take you to Bombay.
Suleman: Inshallah, I will definitely go. I often go in my dreams. I will definitely go.
Talk of phone tapping instruments goes on.
Taufiq: Muchchad spoke for an hour-and-a-half to Ram Jethmalani. He kept talking. A private guy played the entire tape for us. He was a man known to us.
Yakub: Where did he call from? From Dubai? From his house? From where?
Taufiq: Arre, from here. He spoke on his mobile phone to London. But he didn't say anything amiss.
Yakub: He used his own name and spoke for one-and-a-half hours?
Taufiq: Ram Jethmalani is a lawyer. He can speak to anyone. How would he know where he (Dawood) was calling from?
Taufiq: They have allowed you freedom because they have no tension from you. We have this information. Muchchad is under more pressure and fear, because he is a marked man. He's become a problem. Muchchad can do anything for his own advantage.
In between, Arif sees Yakub's father coming out and says: "Kaka Abdul Razzak is close by. So be careful."
Taufiq: Eijaz's cassettes also reach me. (Eijaz Pathan is a Dawood aide, now in Karachi.) He speaks to Bombay etc. He doesn't get to know.
Replying to questions on the ISI.
Taufiq: India is not afraid of Pakistan. It is ISI they are scared of. They have a lot of patience.
The conversation turns to Tiger.
Arif (to Taufiq): Yaar, tell him now, since he listens to you, to lie low for a while.
Taufiq: No, I wouldn't want it at all. These things should keep happening.
Conversation resumes.
Taufiq: You people (the family) are not required by them (the Indian authorities). Khuda ki kasam, they just want one man (Dawood). About six to eight days ago, on the BBC, they announced rewards of Rs 15 lakhs for two men. Did you hear Tiger?
No response from Tiger.
Yakub (to Taufiq): There, in Dubai, your name isn't being mentioned at all.
Taufiq: In Dubai? Arre, a lot. It became known just four days later. You people came here (to Karachi) and that was it, everyone got to know. It wasn't a good thing to happen.
Yakub: We arrived on the 17th.
Taufiq: Understood hai na yaar, everyone has come to know in Dubai.
Yakub: Yes. And you were talked about on the phone also. In Bombay, Asghar (Tiger's manager) spoke to Munna and he must have told him.
Taufiq: Who are Munna, Asghar?
Tiger: No, no. Asghar knows nothing about you.
Taufiq: No, no. No one knows in Bombay but everyone in Dubai knows. (Turns to Arif.) It's almostout in Dubai, isn't it Arif bhai, my name?
Arif: Yes, yes. That's the reality.
Taufiq: But I haven't had a problem so far.
Arif: Even people who till yesterday did not acknowledge (Taufiq), now as soon as they meet, (they say) salaam Taufiq bhai. Everyone says Seth Taufiq, Haji Taufiq.
Taufiq: Before the wedding, the whole of Dubai was agog with news that there is a wedding in my house, RAW, CBI, IB, all had orders to get reports.
In reply to Arif saying that by now Indian agencies know Taufiq's "respectable image in society and government" and so cannot touch him.
Taufiq: No, no, no. They don't want to do anything to me. They want to get others through me.
Arif: But before laying their hands on anyone, won't they consider who they are dealing with?
Yakub (to Taufiq): Indian intelligence got to know everything and they have clearly revealed how it all happened. Taufiq: Not a thing. They have just cooked up a story.
"Are you planning to introduce Tiger to Ammullah Khan?"
Yakub: They have very correctly named ISI.
Tiger: ISI didn't know a thing. They didn't know a thing till Friday (March 12, 1993, the day of the blasts).
Yakub: This is how the ISI functions. On the one hand they get things done, and on the other, they say, oh, did it happen?
Taufiq: Yaar, we know of it because we have done it. I mean, I knew this much because the two of us did everything together. Yes, this much the ISI knew that the target could be hit any time.
As if to cut short the discussion, Arif abruptly interrupts.
Arif: What does ISI mean? Isn't it International Sports Agency? We see it on TV every hour.
Arif (again): It's okay. Everything's true.
Yakub: Tiger did not even give us the slightest hint of what he was doing.
Taufiq: But think how the isi got the news. Tell us.
Ayub: In February itself, intelligence (Indian) had put out an alert. It came in die papers too. Four people were named also.
Tiger: Yes, that Thapa one day came from Bombay to the coast (Konkan). He stood on the seashore. I said, will you go or not? Thapa said, yaar, I learned that someone was unloading goods. That's why I've come here. Thapa said, yaar, I'll go back in your car and drop me right at Persian Darbar hotel.
Taufiq: Mar gaya saala! Mar gaya bichara!
Tiger: But after all, he took Rs 22 lakh for delivering the silver. He saw it with his own eyes and said yes, this is silver but the bundles are looking big, yaar.
Talk turns to the Bombay riots and the role of politicians. (Details not given in the CBI transcript.)
Taufiq: I have to meet S.M. Jafar (an advocate) in Lahore. S.M. Jafar is the one who fought AmanuIIah Khan's case. Arif: Are you planning to introduce Tiger to AmanuIIah Khan?
Ayub: What's the use? Taufiq: Introduce him?
Arif: In fact, I consider that Tiger has already been AmanuIIah saab's guest. The days when he was in hiding in Dubai, he was staying in AmanuIIah Khan's house. Though he probably didn't know.
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment have published the launch trailer for Netherrealm Studios' almost-here fighting game, Mortal Kombat X. Watch the video above. System of a Down's Shavo Odidjian, who helped with the TV ad, also supervised this launch trailer, which once again features the band's “Chop Suey”.
The full list of playable characters (not including DLC characters) for MKX is as follows:
Cassie Cage
Ermac
D'Vorah
Erron Black
Ferra & Torr
Jacqui Briggs
Jax
Johnny Cage
Kano
Kenshi
Kitana
Kotal Kahn
Kung Jin
Kung Lao
Liu Kang
Mileena
Quan Chi
Raiden
Reptile
Scorpion
Shinnok
Sonya Blade
Sub-Zero
Takeda Takahashi
The Xbox One, PS4, and PC versions of the game will be available through retail and digital download worldwide from April 14. The Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 versions have been delayed for later.
See also Goro's trailer, and all of the other video material we have so far, in the archives linked directly below.
(Newser) – One benefit of being an Olympic athlete: You can eat tons of Chicken McNuggets and not feel guilty about it, since you need a lot of calories to fuel your intense training. Just how many McNuggets could you get away with? In Usain Bolt's case, as many as 100 per day. In his upcoming autobiography, Bolt estimates he gobbled down 1,000 McNuggets during the 2008 Beijing Olympics, during which he won three gold medals. He started eating them because he found Chinese food "odd." That means the then-22-year-old was eating around 5,000 calories of McNuggets per day, the Independent reports.
In case it somehow wasn't already obvious that you should not try this yourself, Medical Daily helpfully points out that, well, you shouldn't. (In addition to all those calories, Bolt also ingested 4,000 grams of fat over the 10 days he was in Beijing, and 2220mg of sodium per day—five times the recommended daily intake.) The New York Post has more revelations from Faster Than Lightning. One particularly interesting anecdote: After winning gold in the 4x100 relay during the 2012 London Olympics, Bolt wanted to keep the baton. The race official wouldn't let him, even though the Games were over, and after a "wild" argument, the official threatened to disqualify Bolt if he wouldn't give up the baton. Another official intervened, however, and let the runner keep the souvenir. (Read more Usain Bolt stories.)
By Peter Eckersley, Seth Schoen, Kevin Bankston, and Derek Slater.
Google, MSN Search, Yahoo!, AOL, and most others search engines collect and store records of your search queries. If these records are revealed to others, they can be embarrassing or even cause great harm. Would you want strangers to see searches that reference your online reading habits, medical history, finances, sexual orientation, or political affiliation?
Recent events highlight the danger that search logs pose. In August 2006, AOL published 650,000 users' search histories on its website.1 Though each user's logs were only associated with a random ID number, several users' identities were readily discovered based on their search queries. For instance, the New York Times connected the logs of user No. 4417749 with 62 year-old Thelma Arnold. These records exposed, as she put it, her "whole personal life."2
Disclosures like AOL's are not the only threats to your privacy. Unfortunately, it may be all too easy for the government or individual litigants to subpoena your search provider and get access to your search history. For example, in January 2006, Yahoo!, AOL, and Microsoft reportedly cooperated with a broad Justice Department request for millions of search records. Although Google successfully challenged this request,3 the lack of clarity in current law leaves your online privacy at risk.
Search companies should limit data retention and make their logging practices more transparent to the public,4 while Congress ought to clarify and strengthen privacy protections for search data. But you should also take matters into your own hands and adopt habits that will help protect your privacy.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation has developed the following search privacy tips. They range from straightforward steps that offer a little protection to more complicated measures that offer near-complete safety. While we strongly urge users to follow all six tips, a lesser level of protection might be sufficient depending on your particular situation and willingness to accept risks to your privacy.
1. Don't put personally identifying information in your search terms (easy)
Don't search for your name, address, credit card number, social security number, or other personal information. These kinds of searches can create a roadmap that leads right to your doorstep. They could also expose you to identity theft and other privacy invasions.
If you want to do a "vanity search" for your own name5 (and who isn't a little vain these days?), be sure to follow the rest of our tips or do your search on a different computer than the one you usually use for searching.
2. Don't use your ISP's search engine (easy)
Because your ISP knows who you are, it will be able to link your identity to your searches. It will also be able to link all your individual search queries into a single search history. So, if you are a Comcast broadband subscriber, for instance, you should avoid using http://search.comcast.net. Similarly, if you're an AOL member, do not use http://search.aol.com or the search box in AOL's client software.
3. Don't login to your search engine or related tools (intermediate)
Search engines sometimes give you the opportunity to create a personal account and login. In addition, many engines are affiliated with other services -- Google with Gmail and Google Chat; MSN with Hotmail and MSN Messenger; A9 with Amazon, and so on. When you log into the search engine or one of those other services, your searches can be linked to each other and to your personal account.
So, if you have accounts with services like Google GMail or Hotmail, do not search through the corresponding search engine (Google or MSN Search, respectively), especially not while logged in.
If you must use the same company's search engine and webmail (or other service), it will be significantly harder to protect your search privacy. You will need to do one of the following:
Install two different web browsers to separate your search activities from your other accounts with the search provider. For example, use Mozilla Firefox for searching through Yahoo!, and Internet Explorer for Yahoo! Mail and other Yahoo! service accounts.6 You must also follow Tip 6 for at least one of the two browsers.7 For Google and its services, you can use the Mozilla Firefox web browser and the CustomizeGoogle plugin software. Go to http://www.customizegoogle.com/ and click "Install." Restart Firefox and then select "CustomizeGoogle Options" from the "Tools" menu. Click on the "Privacy" tab and turn on "Anonymize the Google cookie UID." You must remember to quit your browser after using GMail and before using the Google search engine.8 In addition, be sure not to select the "remember me on this computer" option when you log into a Google service.
If you are using a browser other than Firefox, you can use the GoogleAnon bookmarklet, which you can obtain at http://www.imilly.com/google-cookie.htm. You will need to quit your browser every time you finish with a Google service. Unfortunately, we currently do not know of similar plugins for other search providers.9
4. Block "cookies" from your search engine (intermediate)
If you've gone through the steps above, your search history should no longer have personally identifying information all over it. However, your search engine can still link your searches together using cookies and IP addresses.10 Tip 4 will prevent tracking through cookies, while Tips 5-6 will prevent IP-based tracking. It's best to follow Tips 3-6 together -- there is less benefit in preventing your searches from being linked together in one way if they can be linked in another.
Cookies are small chunks of information that websites can put on your computer when you visit them. Among other things, cookies enable websites to link all of your visits and activities at the site. Since cookies are stored on your computer, they can let sites track you even when you are using different Internet connections in different locations. But when you use a different computer, your cookies don't come with you.11
From a privacy-protection perspective, it would be best to block all cookies. However, because cookies are necessary for accessing many websites, it may be more convenient (though less privacy-protective) to allow short-lived "session" cookies. These cookies last only as long as your browser is open; therefore, if you quit your browser, re-open it, and then go back to your search engine, your search provider will not be able to connect your current searches with previous ones via your cookies.
Use the following steps to allow only "session cookies," and remember to quit your browser at least once a day but ideally after each visit to your search provider's site. We recommend that you use Mozilla Firefox and apply these settings:
From the "Edit" menu, select "Preferences" Click on "Privacy" Select the "Cookies" tab Set "Keep Cookies" to "until I close Firefox" 12 Click on "Exceptions," type in the domains of all of your search sites, and choose "Block" for all of them
If you use Microsoft Internet Explorer to surf the web:
From the Internet Explorer "Tools" menu, select "Internet Options" Click on the "Privacy" tab and then press the "Advanced" button Click on "Override automatic cookie handling" Set both "first party" and "third party" cookies to "Block" Select "Always allow session cookies"
5. Vary your IP address (intermediate)
When you connect to the Internet, your ISP assigns your computer an "IP address" (for instance, EFF's web server's IP address is 72.5.169.162). Search providers -- and other services you interact with online -- can see your IP address and use that number to link together all of your searches. IP addresses are particularly sensitive because they can be directly linked to your ISP account via your ISP's logs. Unlike cookies, your IP address does not follow your computer wherever it goes; for instance, if you use your laptop at work through AT&T, it will have a different IP address than when you use it at home through Comcast.
If your ISP gives you a changing, "dynamic" IP address,13 or you surf from an office computer that is behind the same firewall as lots of other computers, then this concern is diminished. However, if you have a dynamic IP address on a broadband connection, you will need to turn your modem off regularly to make the address change. The best way to do this is to turn your modem off when you finish with your computer for the day, and leave it off overnight.
On the other hand, if you have an unchanging, "static" IP address, you will certainly need to use anonymizing software to keep your address private; see Tip 6.
6. Use web proxies and anonymizing software like Tor (advanced)
To hide your IP address from the web sites you visit or the other computers you communicate with on the Internet, you can use other computers as proxies for your own -- you send your communication to the proxy; the proxy sends it to the intended recipient; and the intended recipient responds to the proxy. Finally, the proxy relays the response back to your computer. All of these sounds complicated, and it can be, but luckily there are tools available that can do this for you fairly seamlessly.
Tor (http://www.torproject.org) is a software product that encrypts then sends your Internet traffic through a series of randomly selected computers, thus obscuring the source and route of your requests. It allows you to communicate with another computer on the Internet without that computer, the computers in the middle, or eavesdroppers knowing where or who you are. Tor is not perfect, but it would take a sophisticated surveillance effort to thwart its protections.14
You also need to make sure that your messages themselves don't reveal who you are. Privoxy (http://www.privoxy.org) helps with this, because it strips out hidden identifying information from the messages you send to web sites. Privoxy also has the nice side benefit of blocking most advertisements and can be configured to manage cookies. (Privoxy comes bundled with Tor downloads.)
You can also use web proxies like Anonymizer's (http://www.anonymizer.com) Anonymous Surfing. This option is more user-friendly but possibly a less effective method of anonymizing your browsing. Anonymizer routes your web surfing traffic through their own proxy server and hides your IP address from whatever web sites you visit. However, Anonymizer itself could in principle have access to your original IP address and be able to link it to the web site you visited; therefore, that service is only as secure as Anonymizer's proxy facilities and data retention practices. While there is no reason to believe that Anonymizer looks at or reveals your information to others (we know the people currently running Anonymizer and they are good folks), there is little opportunity to verify their practices in these regards.
Using Tor and Privoxy is more secure because one untrustworthy proxy won't compromise your search privacy. On the other hand, web proxies like Anonymizer are slightly easier to use at present.
Tor and Privoxy downloads and instructions can be found here: http://www.torproject.org/download.html.en
Conclusion
If you've implemented all six tips, congratulations -- you're now ready to search the Web safely. These steps don't provide bulletproof protection, but they do create a strong shield against the most common and likely means of invading your privacy via your search history.
1 For more on the disclosure, see http://eff.org/Privacy/AOL.
2 See http://www.nytimes.com/2006/08/09/technology/09aol.html.
3 See http://eff.org/Privacy/search for documents related to Google's challenge. The logs were to be used as evidence in a case in which the government is defending the constitutionality of the Child Online Protection Act (COPA). See also http://news.com.com/FAQ+What+does+the+Google+subpoena+mean/2100-1029_3-6029042.html and http://news.com.com/Judge+Google+must+give+feds+limited+access+to+records/2100-1028_3-6051257.html.
4 The search providers' have so far been unreasonably tight-lipped about their specific practices regarding search logging. For some insight, see http://news.com.com/Verbatim+Search+firms+surveyed+on+privacy/2100-1025_3-6034626.html?tag=nl and http://www.mercurynews.com/mld/mercurynews/news/breaking_news/15315062.htm.
5 Or your MySpace profile, personal blog address, or other similar personal information.
6 Advanced tips: you could also use two profiles for one browser. For instance, if you run Mozilla Firefox with the -ProfileManager flag, it will let you choose a profile. To learn more, visit http://mozilla.org/support/firefox/profile. Mozilla Seamonkey has a "Switch Profile" command in the "Tools" menu. Pick a different theme/skin for each profile so you can tell which one you are using. To learn more, visit http://kb.mozillazine.org/Profile_Manager. With Internet Explorer, you may need to use two separate Windows user accounts.
7 Otherwise, your two separate browsers' activities could be linked by IP address, as discussed below.
8 Mail.google.com and google.com leave some additional cookies that will identify you while searching, but which CustomizeGoogle (and GoogleAnon) will not anonymize. Unless you remember to quit your browser, some of those cookies persist even if you logout of Gmail. Future versions of these privacy-protection tools may help fix this problem.
9 There is another Firefox plugin intended to protect your search privacy called TrackMeNot (http://mrl.nyu.edu/~dhowe/trackmenot/). At present, we cannot recommend TrackMeNot. For one thing, it may actually make it easier for search engines to link your searches together (the fact that you're using the plugin is distinctive). Moreover, although it may create some uncertainty about aspects of your search history, it does not hide personally identifying information or the bulk of your most sensitive searches. For further criticisms, see http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2006/08/trackmenot_1.html.
10 The search engine may also be able to pick you out of the crowd based on an unusual browser, operating system, language setting, or other atypical HTTP headers. The software recommended in Tip 6 can be used to impede these methods as well.
11 So long as you haven't logged in; see Tip 3.
12 You can select "ask me every time" if you want more control, although the current Firefox user interface is not very good for this purpose. At this time, the Mozilla Seamonkey browser is more suitable if you wish to have fine-grained control over cookies.
13 You can find out your IP address by visiting a site like http://myipinfo.net. Ask your ISP if you have trouble determining whether your IP address changes.
14 For a technical discussion of this subject, see http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~sjm217/papers/oakland05torta.pdf.
The Japanese manufacturer tested the updated power unit with Alonso during Friday practice at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix last month, and was encouraged by the straightline speed performance boost it delivered.
But with the version having not been fully mapped, and a spate of grid penalties meaning Alonso was set to start from the back of the grid anyway, a decision was taken to revert him to the older Spec 2 for qualifying and the race.
Even without the extra power boost, Alonso was able to take McLaren's first points of the year with a ninth-place finish.
Following successful work at Honda's facilities in Japan, however, the car manufacturer has given the green light to the new engines being used by both McLaren drivers for the Red Bull Ring weekend.
Honda's F1 chief Yusuke Hasegawa said in a team preview on Monday: "At the previous round in Azerbaijan, we were able to bank our first points of the year and I think it brought some brightness into our team.
"We also tested the updated PU, the Spec 3, with Fernando on Friday and we were able to confirm some progress in terms of the power output.
"We have proceeded with the mapping back at the factory utilising the data we collected, and we are going to bring the Spec 3 for both drivers this weekend.
"I think we have some improvements in our competitiveness and I am looking forward to seeing our performance in Austria."
McLaren racing director Eric Boullier said that further updates to the chassis should help lift the team up the grid in Austria, which is not as power-sensitive as recent events in Canada and Baku have been.
"There's been no let-up in our development push all season, and, while the result in Azerbaijan was nothing to truly celebrate, it was a sign that we are working well and able to capitalise whenever an opportunity presents itself," said Boullier.
"With a number of improvements planned for the Austrian weekend, not least the proposed new Spec Three power unit upgrade from Honda, I'm hopeful that we'll be in a position to get amid the other midfield runners and take a useful step forwards."
The new rules would create a framework for providing device manufacturers, software developers and others the information they need to introduce innovative new technologies, while at the same time maintaining strong security, copyright and consumer protections. Nothing in this proposal changes a company's ability to package and price its programming to its subscribers, or requires consumers to purchase new boxes.
United States Federal Communications Commission chairman Tom Wheeler introduced a proposal PDF ] this afternoon that would de-couple cable subscriptions from cable set-top boxes. Under the proposal, cable and satellite subscribers would be able to access and watch cable content on any set-top box of their choosing, including the Apple TV, rather than being limited to the set-top box provided by the cable company.While allowing customers to access the full content provided with a cable subscription through the Apple TV is not quite the cord-cutting solution Apple has been aiming for, it is a step towards a more open relationship between technology companies and cable companies. Such a system would not give Apple control over content, but it would allow Apple to build an interface for that content.As The Verge points out, the FCC faces a tough battle attempting to get this proposal passed and implemented due to resistance from cable companies who want to have control over content and how and where it's displayed.A similar plan for the CableCard, which allows companies like TIVO to offer cable content, has largely failed because of its complexity and because many cable providers refused to make the process simple enough to be widely adopted. Cable companies are against the proposal because of the loss of control and the loss of the revenue from rented cable set-top boxes, and more than 40 telecommunications groups have already formed a coalition to oppose the FCC's plan.Cable companies argue it would give technology companies unfair access to customer data and potentially disrupt deals that have been established for channel positioning, giving some programmers better spots in the lineup for higher payments.Having continually failed to reach deals with content providers and cable companies, Apple has settled on focusing on its tvOS operating system and the App Store available on the fourth-generation Apple TV. The tvOS App Store model allows for cable companies to create apps and deliver cable content to consumers on the Apple TV, but it's a fragmented system that's less than ideal because it still doesn't give Apple full control over the interface. The FCC's proposal has the potential to greatly improve the cable watching experience on the Apple TV, at least for cable subscribers.
Story highlights Jarreau won seven Grammys over a career spanning 50 years
He had only retired from touring last week
(CNN) Al Jarreau, the jazz-pop musician best known for the hits "Breakin' Away," "We're in This Love Together" and the theme song to the popular 1980's TV show, "Moonlighting," died Sunday, according to posts on his verified social media accounts. He was 76.
Jarreau died about 9 a.m. ET in Los Angeles surrounded by his wife, son and a few friends, according to posts on his Facebook page and Twitter account.
Nicknamed the "Acrobat of Scat" for his innovative vocal stylings, Jarreau was one of the few performers of his day who successfully bridged pop, jazz and R&B. He released more than 20 albums over his storied career, won seven Grammy Awards and remained a tireless performer right up until his death.
He had only retired from touring last week. A February 8 statement on Jarreau's Twitter account announced his retirement from touring after being hospitalized in Los Angeles for exhaustion.
Al Jarreau at a jazz festival in the Netherlands in 2006.
"He is thankful for his 50 years of traveling the world in ministry through music, and for everyone to share this with him -- his faithful audience, the dedicated musicians, and so many others who supported his efforts," it said.
Read More
Thank you for supporting The Escapists! If you missed out on the Kickstarter, you can pre-order/purchase at our website http://escapistgame.com
The Shawshank Redemption, Escape From Alcatraz, The Great Escape - who doesn't love a good prison break movie?
Saying that though, the idea is rarely touched in video games, despite it having loads of potential. We've had some good attempts over the years, but the genre has been explored fully at all.
Surely a game that encapsulates the tension and thrills of meticulously planning and executing a perfect prison escape would be fun. This is the concept behind The Escapists.
Some of the many features:
Schedules: To escape you'll have to work around the strict prison schedule as best you can to avoid any unwanted attention from the guards.
Crafting: Weapons and tools can be crafted together using everyday things you find or steal around the prison. Just beware of cell shakedowns. Read more about crafting
Reputation: The way you interact with fellow cons and guards affect how they treat you. Those on your side could help you out in a fight, overlook if they catch you doing anything unusual, or give you access to certain favors/jobs, and assistance. Read more about the reputation system
Digging: Get hold of a shovel (or various other digging spoons) and you can start working on an escape tunnel. Of course you'll need some lights and timber supports below ground if you plan to survive. Just make sure you make it back for the guard patrols- and that the hole is hidden! Read more about digging
Character Stats: Train your agility and strength in the gym, or spend your free periods in the library boosting your intellect. All such skills play a part in your escape as well as your survival inside the prison. Read more about stats.
Combat: When it comes to crunch time, you might have to engage other inmates or guards in combat. If one of them finds your escape tunnel you will probably have to overpower, bind, and stash them in the hole you've been digging below your cell. If it's a guard, taking his uniform might come in handy. Read more about combat
Gangs & Friends: Be careful who you pick fights with- some of the inmates might start plotting against you with their gang-mates and friends.
Further Reading: Prison Jobs / Music
My previous game Spud's Quest was kickstarted last November- I was able to finish and release it thanks to you.
Again, I want to make the development of this new project The Escapists my full time job for the next few months.The very modest funding goal will provide me a small income to keep me ticking over.
Both stretch goals for the campaign were reached. Thank you!
£5,000 - Level Editor - Build your own prisons/P.O.W. camps and dish them out among your friends. Will include a section on the official game website (and possibly ingame) to list and download user created content.
£7,000 - Multiplayer Features - Lots of demand for this on the Steam page. I'm not quite sure what's possible with multiplayer yet (many, many ideas), but with extra funding I'll devote time to this area.
As an American citizen, I have some expectation that I have a voice in my government.
This is probably naive, but this belief is a huge part of the foundation on which I build my happiness.
This is not simply an entitlement.
It is a right paid in blood by the warriors who came before me and one I have a duty to pay forward.
Millions gave their lives for democracy.
America invades developing nations in the name of democracy.
Our country was founded on the idea of giving liberty to those who were oppressed by tyrannical governments.
Democracy is the cornerstone of what makes us America and if we are even to begin to make the argument that this is the greatest country in the world, then we must first be willing to fight for the rights of all citizens to have a say in this social contract we are all engaged in.
Rigging an election, rather it is done in a blatant manner, like actually using machines to flip votes or in a more subtle manner, like working with the corporate media to convince Americans that one candidate has already won, in an attempt to discourage citizens from exercising their voice, is more than just a slap in the face to the American voter, it is an assault on the sacrifices of the brave women and men who laid down their lives for our right to participate in a democracy.
It is the ultimate in cowardice.
It is a crime against our ancestors.
The blood of heroes means nothing to those who feed on power.
The cries of the poor and evaporating middle-class disappear into a bottomless, corporate void.
They see an America where you have to pay to be heard.
They see an America where money buys power and the poverty stricken fight for the crumbs of a faux democracy.
I have always been a proud Democrat.
I spent my life going to rallies and protests, writing letters, raising awareness on liberal issues and trying to help those in need.
The Democrats aligned themselves closely with the issues that were near and dear to my heart.
For 25 years I fought for LBGT+ rights, fair immigration laws, a woman's right to choose, gun control and fair working conditions for all Americans.
Although I am a cliche vegetarian, bleeding-heart artist, who boycotts Monsanto, WalMart, Chic Fil A and Hobby Lobby…
Although I am a steadfast ally for equality for all humans..
Although, I am in every way, a liberal..
I am no longer, in any way, a Democrat.
My former party has aligned itself with corporate greed and although you won't find them pounding The Bible or fighting against Roe v Wade, they are every bit as reprehensible, in the fact that they are now loyal only to corporations and they no longer represent the will of the people.
When my party decides to build A WALL(!!!) around their convention, in fear that perhaps democracy might find a way in, then they are no longer my party.
When my party crowns an Empress, before the first vote is even cast, then they are no longer my party.
When my party colludes with corporate media heads to falsify “the news” and deceive the American people into not voting, then they are no longer my party.
In August, when I arrive home from the “Democratic” Convention and the (not so) super-delegates hammer the final nail into the coffin of our democracy by anointing Hillary Clinton, then I will leave the “Democratic” Party and spend the remainder of my years fighting against them.
This is not about sour grapes.
I'm a leftist in a conservative state.
I'm used to losing.
This is about defending democracy against a party that repeatedly used closed primary voter suppression and blatant electioneering to nominate a corporately-owned Oligarch, who does not represent the people.
This is about stopping the internal usurping of my party by lobbyists for the ruling elite.
This is about shining a bright light into the dark corners of a party that takes millions from those who exploit our citizens and then pretends to fight against those very entities.
This is about finally realizing that the lesser of two evils is still evil.
This is about fighting for something good and decent, before it is too late.
I cannot pretend to be innocent.
I have been complicit in their wily subterfuge.
I knew the system was rigged, but the “Democratic” Party are masters of marketing.
They knew that if they ran the right cult of personality, then well meaning fools like myself would fall in line smiling, feeling as if we had done some good by fighting against the Bush's and Romney's in the party of evil.
A good ol boy, who plays the sax and jogs to McDonald's every morning?
“He's got my vote!!”
A charismatic black man who promises hope and change and simultaneously placates my white guilt?
“It's about time!!”
A female candidate to make me feel like I'm doing my part to overcome centuries of oppression aimed at women and an opportunity to elect someone my daughter can look up to?
This is the part in the movie where you hear the sound of the needle clumsily falling off the record.
I know about Hillary Clinton.
I know what she did and I know what she stands for.
I already said no to her in 2008 and what I have learned about her since, means that I could never, in good conscience, vote for her.
Sorry, I already bailed out the big banks.
I certainly won't be supporting their candidate.
The Democratic Party has marginalized the poor and middle-class; the very foundation that once made them great.
They do not stand for the people, any more than Republicans do.
It is all one gigantic bi-partisan puppet show, where corporations pull the strings of party-aligned marionettes, in an off Broadway production designed to distract and amuse the American voter.
In the post Citizen's United America, it is no longer about party representation.
It is about who signs your checks.
When a genocidal, sociopathic, racist, recently homophobic, Goldman Sach's sponsored, TPP lobbying, wire-tapping, arms-trading, child-rapist defending, Henry Kissinger protege is now the face of my party…
Then I guess I'm at the wrong party.
I voted for Bill Clinton, Al Gore, John Kerry and Barack Obama…
But I will not, under any circumstance, vote for Hillary Clinton.
And I am as much of a feminist as anyone you will ever meet.
If Bernie Sanders does not create a new party, then I will be voting for Jill Stein and that is based on policy, NOT genitalia.
My fear and loathing for Hillary Clinton is based on her past transgressions and the absolute danger that I know she will be to world peace should she be allowed to steal this “election”.
My fear and loathing for Hillary Clinton is based on the fact that I know where her money comes from and to hand over the keys to the kingdom to her is the same as handing them over to the multi-national corporations themselves.
“If you don't vote for Clinton then we will have President Trump!!”
Yeah, yeah, I thought about this.
Better to bear down and tough it out with Trump and get another shot at a Progressive in four years, then to allow Clinton to ruin 2020 also (some may not realize that the President runs unopposed by their own party if running for a second term, so a Clinton presidency would ruin any chance for a Progressive Democrat to run in 2020).
As bad as Trump is, he would just spin his wheels for four years.
Both Republicans and Democrats would vote down everything he tried to do.
The insiders hate him.
He has no government experience.
He can't navigate it.
He would just be a four-year Jon Stewart punchline.
Trump is not the answer, but four years of his buffoonery is infinitely better than losing two elections to Clinton and her war machine.
Trump only talks about doing awful things.
Clinton has a proven track record of actually doing them.
I will give my party one final chance to keep me.
I will load up my car and drive to Philadelphia.
I will support Senator Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination.
I will be a tiny dot in a sea of people who want to give their former party one final chance to save itself.
And if the party does not nominate Senator Sanders and right these awful wrongs perpetrated on the American people by this sham of an election, then we will form a new party from the ashes of the Democrats.
I will give the Democratic Party one last chance to keep me, because I want to believe that we can rebuild this from the inside.
I want to believe that all of this new blood that Senator Sanders brought into my old party will cleanse it of corruption and keep it going strong for another fifty years.
I want to believe that there are enough good people left in the party to wrestle it away from the corporate virus that has caused it to rot from the inside out.
I want to believe we can save the Democratic Party…
But if we can't, we will walk away..
And build something new and inspiring.
Advertisements
Movie audiences who went to theaters this fall to see The Theory of Everything got a glimpse of the challenges physicist Stephen Hawking has overcome to deliver his groundbreaking insights into the nature of black holes, space and time. Tuesday the world gets a peek at how new technology will let the scientist and author continue to share his discoveries with the world as he battles the degenerative motor neuron disease that has degraded his ability to communicate over the past five decades.
Hawking has long used a voluntary twitch of his cheek muscle to compose words and sentences one character at a time that are expressed through a speech-generation device connected to his computer. Each of these small movements stops a cursor that continuously scans text on a screen facing the scientist. As Hawking has become increasingly disabled by amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), the rate at which he can communicate has in recent years fallen to a mere one word per minute.
Collaboration with researchers at chipmaker Intel has boosted Hawking's typing speed while enabling him to perform common tasks—such as navigating the Web, e-mails and documents—10 times faster, according to the company. The key is customized software that simplifies his interactions with the technology he currently uses, including a tablet PC with a forward-facing Webcam used for Skype calls.
The Intel upgrade lets Hawking benefit from the combination of a more advanced system with better predictive capabilities built into the software, allowing him to enter fewer commands for common activities, says Intel's Lama Nachman, principal engineer and project lead. More specifically, Intel incorporated a new word predictor from London-based app-maker SwiftKey that autocompletes words as they are typed, anticipating the next most commonly-used word in a phrase or sentence. The software also learns from individual users, enabling it to “dramatically reduce the number of clicks it takes for Stephen to build words,” Nachman says. The physicist now needs to type in only 20 percent of all characters before the system can complete his thought, she adds.
The new software complements the rest of his hardware armamentarium, which includes a black box beneath his wheelchair that contains an audio amplifier, voltage regulators and a USB hardware key that receives input from an infrared sensor on Hawking's eyeglasses. The sensor detects changes in light as he twitches his cheek. A hardware voice synthesizer sits in another black box on the back of the chair and receives commands from the computer via a USB-based serial port.
The key to upgrading Hawking's support infrastructure was the years Nachman and her team spent observing how the scientist used the technology available to him, understanding how he wrote documents or emails, gave lectures, searched the Web and read PDFs. “If you're using Microsoft Word, which Stephen uses a lot, there are a few sets of functions that you want to use most often—open a new document, save, edit and so on,” Nachman says. “We added a lot of contextual menus to his system to speed up use, so he can select one with a single click, rather than having to go to the mouse, then to the menu, then to select an option.” Something that may have taken him as many as 15 different steps now takes five or fewer.
Intel designed Hawking's upgrade specifically to work with his equipment. He didn't want a new system, according to Nachman, which meant new approaches to eye tracking were off limits, as was an electroencephalogram (EEG) that translates brain activity into simple commands. The researchers are now working on a gesture recognition system that recognizes multiple facial expressions that they would like to introduce to Hawking, although that technology remains in the research phase, according to the company.
Part of Intel's plan in developing Hawking's new interface is to release the company's open-source software freely to software developers next month. This will let other programmers adapt the code in ways that will make it a useful interface for others struggling with motor neuron diseases and quadriplegia.
More on Intel's race to save Stephen Hawking's speech as his condition deteriorates.
Minimal Editor One audio file with combined channel waveform visual and basic cursor selection for start.
Load Track With Selection Pass a start time and end time in seconds to pre select an area on a track.
Individual Track State Vocals track can not be shifted in time, only the Drums track.
Stem Tracks Multitrack scheduling allows to layer audio for simultaneous playback. Mute, solo, or set different volume levels for each audio track that makes up the composition. Control the master volume of the mix.
Track Fades Set fades in and fade out.
Working With Local Files Drag one or many audio files into the bottom container!
Track Zoom Configuration Set an array of zoom levels in samples per pixel. Multiple canvas elements are used to avoid maximum dimension limits.
Record An Audio Track Record a track in MediaRecorder enabled browsers. Allows recording over tracks, shows real-time recording progress.
Emitted Loading Events Listen to emitted events to create a visual loader.
Waveform Editor with seek style set to fill Initialization property 'seekStyle' set to 'fill'.
Stem Tracks with exclusive solo Mute or exclusive solo the different tracks that make up the composition.
Stereo Channel Editor One audio file with stereo channel waveform visualization.
Playlist Annotations Annotate the playlist with timed text segments. Annotations will scroll and highlight during playback. Drag the annotation's boundries in the UI to adjust time points. Enhance the annotation editing process with custom user defined functionality. Optionally edit live the annotation text using contenteditable.
The electoral backlash from US conservatives has intensified, as Tea Party candidates once again confounded commentators by defeating mainstream Republican candidates in the latest round of congressional primaries.
Undoubtedly the biggest upset of the night came from the traditionally-Democrat state of Delaware, where Sarah Palin-endorsed Tea Party candidate Christine O'Donnell defeated long-serving Congressman and former governor Mike Castle to be the Republican candidate for Vice President Joe Biden's former Senate seat.
O'Donnell, who is pro-gun, anti-abortion, fiscally conservative and believes masturbation is a sin, defeated Castle with 53 per cent of the vote. Given that just a week ago O'Donnell was engaged in bitter in-fighting with some of Delaware's elected Republican officials and had been termed "unelectable" by some fellow Republicans, her victory in last night's primary is not only a blow to the GOP, which committed significant resources to the fight in Delaware in an attempt to prevent a repeat of the upset in Alaska, but also adds yet another dimension of unpredictability to the final outcome of November's midterm elections.
The majority of states have now held their primaries. Eight mainstream Republican candidates have been defeated by Tea Party or otherwise right-wing challengers, a number which could rise to nine pending the outcome of the recount in New Hampshire.
The consensus, especially from the left-leaning commentariat, seems to be that while these primary victories for anti-incumbent candidates demonstrate the power and reach of this new right-wing movement, it is very unlikely that any of these challengers will be victorious in the midterms themselves.
In an election season that had otherwise long been considered to be potentially disastrous for the Democrats, with the possibility that the Republicans could regain control of both the House and the Senate, these ultra-conservative candidates represent an opportunity to claw back some momentum in advance of polling day. For instance, Delaware, previously considered to be a serious prospect for the Republicans, is now much more likely to be a hold for the Democrats, especially if their candidate, Chris Coons, is able to capitalise on Christine O'Donnell's unpopularity with a significant faction of Delaware Republicans.
Just as a footnote, it's worth noting that the electoral fortunes of some of these insurgent candidates could have a knock-on effect for Sarah Palin's presidential hopes. Palin notably endorsed Kelly Ayotte in New Hampshire and Carly Fiorina in California, as well as O'Donnell in Delaware. As she is apparently already moving into position for a 2012 campaign, embarrassing defeats for candidates Palin has personally endorsed and campaigned for could dent her appeal to Republicans beyond the confines of the Tea Party movement.
Now that a new year is in full swing, it's always exciting to get an idea of how you'll spend it as a gamer. 2017 is full of promising titles, so much so we've been breaking them down by genre so you can see what's in store for your favorites. We recently showcased what's on deck for the action and shooter genre, and now it's time to shine the spotlight on the RPG genre. So far it looks like it's going to be a big year for RPG fans with tons of different experiences on tap, from humorous romps such as South Park: The Fractured But Whole, to exciting remasters such as Final Fantasy XII: The Zodiac Age and Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8: Final Chapter Prologue. We had a hard time getting our list down to just 10 games, and as some of you may have noticed, we had some genre crossovers that ended up on the action list like Horizon Zero Dawn and Nioh. These are the 10 RPGs for 2017, ranked from 10 to 1, that we're most anticipating.
10. Valkyria Revolution
Platform: PS4, Xbox One, Vita
Release: Spring
We fell in love with Valkyria Chronicles, naming it one of our top 10 RPGs of last generation, so we're interested in what Valkyria Revolution has in store. The game is a "revolution" from what we've come to expect from the Valkyria games, taking place in an alternate time, continent, and universe. The biggest shake-up is the gameplay; previously the series has been focused on turn-based strategy, but now it's a straight-up action/RPG. While changes can be scary, we're curious if they're for the better. Revolution has you building up your base, forming relationships with your squadmates (permadeath is possible!), and customizing your companions' A.I. and weapons to fit certain battle roles. A bonus? Legendary composer Yasunori Mitsuda (Chrono Trigger, Xenoblade) is behind the score.
9. Cosmic Star Heroine
Platform: PS4, PC, Mac, Vita
Release: Spring
So far we've been impressed with what we've seen from Cosmic Star Heroine in demos. This fun, 16 bit-style throwback takes cues from JRPGs such as Phantasy Star, Suikoden, and Chrono Trigger, and comes from a two-man team that has already made a name for itself: Zeboyd Games, the developer behind Cthulhu Saves the World and episodes three and four of Penny Arcade Adventures: On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness. The story, which is inspired by sci-fi films such as Blade Runner and Alien, follows Alyssa L'Salle, a top galactic agent who uncovers a government conspiracy. The turn-based RPG also lets you recruit characters and build up your own headquarters in your fight.
8. The Bard's Tale IV
Platform: PC, Mac
Release: October
The CRPGs of yesteryear are making a big comeback! After successfully crowdfunding Wasteland 2 and Torment: Tides of Numenera, inXile Entertainment (founded by Interplay's Brian Fargo) looked to see what fans wanted next. It turned out demand was high for a revival of The Bard's Tale, the very series that put Brian Fargo and Interplay on the map over 30 years ago. A Kickstarter campaign raised over $1.5 million for a sequel to the trilogy. The Bard's Tale helped define the role-playing genre, and now inXile wants to modernize it for a new generation of gamers, keeping intact all the things that made the trilogy special. The party-based dungeon crawler will have rich exploration, dangerous fights, and challenging puzzles and riddles. inXile even turned to hardcore fans for feedback along the way.
7. Ni No Kuni II: Revenant Kingdom
Platform: PlayStation 4
Release: TBD
Regardless of how you felt about the original, you can't deny the power and beauty of being transported to a Studio Ghibli world. That's why we're interested in how Bandai Namco will follow things up with a sequel. We're hoping it can only improve on the previous formula, making the combat just as enticing as the fantastical backdrop. Not much has been revealed about the game, but in an interview with IGN Japan, director Akihiro Hino said the team is "giving it all their might" and "the scale has gotten huge." Unfortunately, Studio Ghibli will not have any involvement in the sequel, but the art style shown in trailers still look on point - vibrant and gorgeous.
6. Nier: Automata
Platform: PlayStation 4, PC
Release: March 7
Coming off a fun and well-received demo, Nier: Automata's release date is drawing near, making us excited to see the game in all its glory. The original Nier captured a dedicated fan base with its fun characters and emotional tale. Thankfully, series creator Taro Yoko, producer Yosuke Saito, and composer Keiichi Okabe are all back for Automata, and it's also bringing in new talent with Platinum Games heading development. One of the criticisms lodged at the first game was its combat, so we're hoping Platinum Games can bring the stylish action it's known for to bolster this entry.
[Click to the next page to see what made our top five....]
5. Divinity: Original Sin 2
Platform: Xbox One, PC, Mac
Release: TBD
We couldn't be more thrilled for a sequel to one of the best RPGs of 2014. Divinity: Original Sin 2 is set centuries after the first game. You can choose your hero's stats, origin story, race, and recruit up to three characters to join your journey. Dialogue and quests will be different depending on your character's backstory, and Larian said the origin tales will continue to "evolve and expand through the main campaign." Choices are also left in your hands; you can kill, chat, or trade with anyone. Will you steal or sneak your way through quests, or vow to be an honest adventurer? Larian took the time to get feedback from the first game, and has been improving the sequel since it entered early access this past September.
4. Torment: Tides of Numenera
Platform: PS4, Xbox One, PC
Release: February 28
A spiritual successor to the critically acclaimed Planescape Torment, an RPG often heralded for its fantastic writing? Sign us up. Apparently, others agreed too, as it set a record for highest-funded video game on Kickstarter with over $4 million pledged. We're curious how Torment will live up to Planescape's legacy and the ways in which inXile will evolve and modernize the formula for this generation. Just like its predecessor, the focus here will be on story, characters, and interacting with the world. Based on the world of Monte Cook's tabletop RPG setting, Numenera, the game is set in the far future, where civilization has regressed into a medieval state. During your trek, you will encounter optional NPC companions, and your words, actions, and choices are said to drive the experience. Here's hoping inXile delivers on all these fronts, giving Planescape a wonderful comeback.
3. South Park: The Fractured But Whole
Platform: PS4, Xbox One, PC
Release: Spring
Coming off the fantastic Stick of Truth, South Park is at it again with another hilarious RPG, appropriately titled The Fractured But Whole. Ubisoft San Francisco, with the help of South Park masterminds Trey Parker and Matt Stone, are set on going bigger with this sequel, creating a richer gameplay experience and longer narrative. Its focus is just as appetizing and ripe for comedy: superheroes. You create your own origin story for your hero, build out your superpowers, and can recruit up to 13 friends to your cause. We can't wait for all the laughs and off-the-wall moments that await.
2. Persona 5
Platform: PS4, PS3
Release: April 4
Through various spin-offs and re-releases, we've been waiting a long time for Persona 5, but none of that has dulled our excitement for the next entry in the acclaimed Persona series. We haven't had a new mainline game or cast since 2008's Persona 4, so we're curious about how the new cast compares and shakes things up for the series. In this entry, you're a regular high school student by day, just trying to make friends and live a normal life. At night, however, you transform into a phantom thief who must rescue people from their distorted desires. Atlus has always had a knack for building character relationships and confronting mature topics, making us more than eager to step into this next entry and dungeon-crawl our hearts out.
1. Mass Effect Andromeda
Platform: PS4, Xbox One, PC
Release: March 21
Last generation, the Mass Effect trilogy made a huge impact on gamers and the industry alike, giving us a memorable journey and characters to cherish. Now it's time to see what else BioWare can do in the Mass Effect universe. BioWare finally peeled back the curtain this last year, confirming it's bringing back loyalty missions and making a game with its largest universe to date. In Andromeda, you are the Pathfinder and your job is to find a new home for humanity. To do this you must explore a variety of planets, each offering a host of things to do and discover. BioWare set a hell of a high bar with Commander Shepard's adventure, and seeing if they can top it is exciting in its own right. Here's hoping they do, and Andromeda brings us all the things we love about Mass Effect along with some great innovations.
What RPGs are you most looking forward to in 2017? Let us know in the comments below. Be sure to check our our most anticipated adventure, action, MMORPG, shooter games lists as well.
MINNEAPOLIS — Last Wednesday, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) announced that it would formally join the fight against Daesh (ISIS) in Syria and Iraq, a move that diplomats have labeled as symbolic. Indeed, the move is somewhat redundant, as all 28 NATO allies are already members of the anti-Daesh coalition. According to NATO Secretary-General Jen Stoltenberg, the “symbolic” gesture is intended to send “a strong and clear message of unity in the fight against terrorism and especially in light of the terrorist attacks in Manchester.”
NATO's decision to join came at the urging of UK Prime Minister Theresa May, who urged NATO to join the coalition during last week's NATO summit in the wake of the deadly Manchester terrorist bombing. “Our unity in responding to common threats is our most potent weapon. We must redouble our resolve to meet the threats to our shared security, whether from terrorism or Russia,” May stated.
May's plea apparently swayed France and Germany, who agreed to endorse the move after previously expressing concerns that NATO's formal addition to the coalition could lead to a confrontation with Russia in Syria.
While some governments have noted the redundancy of NATO's formal bid to join the anti-Daesh coalition, May's statement – along with France and Germany's previously stated concerns – highlight what may well be the true motive behind this “symbolic” gesture. Indeed, NATO was formed in 1949 as an expressly anti-Russian alliance. Given that the Cold War is now in its second renaissance, this impulse has hardly gone away.
In 1990, then-Secretary of State James Baker promised the Soviet Union that in exchange for Soviet cooperation on German reunification, NATO would not expand “one inch” towards Russia's eastern border. But in the years since, NATO has instead expanded relentlessly and aggressively, particularly during NATO's re-mapping of Yugoslavia in the 1990s and since the 2014 Ukrainian coup.
In recent years, the Ukrainian coup – in which Western governments deposed Ukraine's democratically elected government – saw “Russian aggression” become the new rallying cry around NATO's militarization of Europe's eastern border, just as it was when NATO was formed in the late 1940s.
As a formal part of the anti-Daesh coalition, NATO – as France and Germany once feared – will become more than capable of waging a covert war against the Syrian government and Russians within Syria, all in the name of “fighting terrorism.” As former British Foreign Secretary Lord David Owen warned last year, if NATO becomes “embroiled as an alliance in fighting on the ground in Syria,[…] there is a real danger of a military spillover” into a much larger war, sure to involve Russia. Now that NATO has formally announced its involvement, a wider war seems much more likely – a war that NATO is all too eager to fight.
NATO's troop movements in recent years make this clear, as they reveal a tendency on the part of the Western-dominated military organization to pounce on any excuse for further militarizing the border between Europe and Russia. The NATO response to the alleged and still unfounded claims of Russian interference in last year's U.S. presidential election prove this point.
Before the election results were even announced, NATO announced it would send 300,000 troops on “high alert” to Russia's border, adding that they would be ready for deployment within two months. NATO's reasoning was that Russia had been “much more active in many different ways.”
Russia, who had largely ignored NATO's encirclement of its borders up until this point, was forced to retaliate, deploying nuclear missiles to Kaliningrad, its exclave between Lithuania and Poland. The U.S. subsequently announced its deployment of 4,000 of its own troops, along with 2,000 military vehicles, to the Russian border beginning this past January. This deployment breached the Russia-NATO Founding Act of 1997 in which NATO pledged not to seek “additional permanent stationing of substantial ground combat forces” in nations bordering Russia “in the current and foreseeable security environment.”
However, for NATO and its allied nations, the “security environment” has clearly changed. With May now pushing for greater foreign military intervention in Syria, NATO's involvement assures that the conflict will grow to include Russia if the UK and its allies do eventually invade Syria.
The Bob Kerrey Pedestrian Bridge is a 3,000-foot structure for walkers and cyclists connecting Nebraska and Iowa. Chris Murphy / Flickr
Top engineer Ted Zoli says the era of shared-use structures has arrived.
A decade ago, it was unusual to design a bridge with space for pedestrians or cyclists, says Ted Zoli, National Bridge Chief Engineer for the architecture and civil engineering firm HNTB. Today it's unusual not to give these modes space—or, in some cases, the entire structure. Even bridges that seem primarily suited for vehicle traffic must include what Zoli calls, in the parlance of engineers, "shared-use path facilities"; the new Tappan Zee Bridge will have one, he points out, as will a bridge HNTB is designing on I-95. "Now every major project I'm working on has a shared-use path—a bicycle- or pedestrian-defined path—integrated into the design," says Zoli. "I would say the future of pedestrian bridges is significant in the practice of bridge design in urban areas." When Zoli talks bridges, people listen. He earned a MacArthur genius grant back in 2009, and in a lengthy Esquire profile that followed, was named "the engineer of the moment." (The title doubles as an inside joke, as "moment" is a physics term describing force at a given point.) He's compared bridge design to poetry in the sense that both should try to do a whole lot with very little.
Zoli describes a pedestrian bridge as "fundamentally a different facility" than a vehicular one. Oddly enough, the distinction has little to do with the weight each must bear; that's generally the same in both cases, he says. Rather, the difference comes down to three design approaches: connectivity (how to get people up and down), aspiration (pedestrian bridges should be iconic, wayfinding landmarks unto themselves), and curvature (there's far less need for straightness).
"Non-straightness has value in terms of the overall performance of the facility, but also it's more characteristic of the way we walk and maybe to a lesser degree bicycle," he says. "So there's that experiential part that's different to me." The experience of curvature drives the majesty of the Bob Kerrey Pedestrian Bridge, a 3,000-foot, S-shaped structure for walkers and cyclists that snakes between Omaha, Nebraska, and Council Bluffs, Iowa, over the Missouri River. The challenge here was finding a way to introduce curvature without blowing the budget out of the water (so to speak). Zoli met the task by using railing with no frills instead of a flashy finish, and engineering structural pieces that appear curved from afar but are actually straight at the individual level.
"The beauty of that was we didn't have to curve anything," he says. "We weren't making fancy geometry, neither in the railings nor in the structure itself." Some of Zoli's other recent pedestrian designs include the Happy Hollow Park Bridge, in San Jose, which uses an innovative network tied-arch approach, and Squibb Park Bridge, in Brooklyn, a trail-style structure made with black locust wood to give the feeling of a "departure" from the city into nature. (Civil Engineering magazine described Squibb as "more muddy boots than designer heels.") Both designs encourage people to linger at meeting nodes in the middle, says Zoli. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... They also share Zoli's zeal for cost-effectiveness. His interest in building strong bridges on leaner budgets was part of the reason he dedicated his MacArthur money toward developing high-quality rope bridges in remote areas. Synthetic rope not only costs less than steel cables, but it's easier to transport to back lands and to repair on site. He says a 210-foot pedestrian rope span in Morocco, where Zoli and a graduate student conducted an Engineers Without Borders project, cost a mere $10,000.
Speech praised for bravery and leadership as Unite chief says 'new relationship is something I'm very comfortable about'
Ed Miliband drew unlikely praise from both Tony Blair and the Unite general secretary, Len McCluskey, when he announced plans to remake Labour's relationship with the trades unions by requiring all union-levy payers to make a positive individual decision to affiliate to the Labour party, rather than be affiliated automatically by their union headquarters.
McCluskey praised Miliband for a bold and brave speech. Blair poured praise on Miliband for showing real leadership and said he wished he had made the move himself.
"It's not often I agree with Tony Blair but I think he is spot on," McCluskey said. He added the union's support will depend on the details of the proposals, but he was in favour of individual trade unionists being more active in the Labour party.
"The one thing I'm opposed to is the status quo. The current status quo is not acceptable and therefore new politics, a new relationship is something I'm very comfortable about," he told BBC News.
Miliband, setting out his proposals at the St Bride Foundation in London, close to where the party was formed 100 years ago, insisted they should be implemented before the general election, but said details of a timetable will require more work.
He said he had appointed the former Labour general secretary Lord Collins to oversee the process and work through the details of the plans, including the possible implications for unions' voting power at the Labour conference.
He said he was seizing the moment after the controversy at Falkirk, which he described as the death throes of old politics and as "closed machine politics".
"I do not want any individual to be paying money to the Labour party in affiliation fees unless they have deliberately chosen to do so. Individual trade union members should choose to join Labour through the affiliation fee, not be automatically affiliated. In the 21st century it does not make sense for anyone to be affiliated to a political party unless they have chosen to do so."
He refused to consider the possibility of the proposals being defeated and the reaction from McCluskey suggests some unions think they will give them greater freedom over how they allocate their political funds.
"Moving to this system has big and historic implications for both the trades unions and the Labour party," he said.
The Tories described the proposals as a sham, and said Miliband was merely changing the channel through which unions give money to the Labour party.
Miliband confirmed he is not seeking any changes in the law to require union members to opt in to pay the political levy, but is requiring political levy payers to make a positive decision to affiliate to the Labour party rather than be automatically affiliated by the party.
If few union members affiliate to Labour, union political fund coffers are then swelled, and the cash could then be provided to Labour through direct donations to the party. Miliband wants caps on unions' donations of £10,000, but only as part of a wider deal on party funding.
The Conservative chairman, Grant Shapps, said under Miliband's proposals: "Len McCluskey would still bankroll the Labour party, pick Labour's candidates and still elect Labour's leader. Nothing has changed."
Miliband tried to put his proposals in the context of rebuilding trust in politics, saying he would also like to see restrictions on outside earnings of MPs, adding he would like to see primaries in which all registered supporters could vote. He also said he would like to see a revival of all-party talks on party funding, ended only last week by the Nick Clegg.
Miliband said: "The question of MPs' second outside jobs has been discussed but not properly addressed for a generation. The British people expect their MPs to represent them and the country and not anyone else. Can it be right that rules allow MPs to earn hundreds of thousands of pounds form private legal practice while they are supposed to be an MP?"
He promised: "We will change things in the next parliament. Being an MP should not be a sideline. It's a privilege and a duty."
Church of St Jean Baptiste on Thursday, Aug. 24, 2017, in Troy, N.Y. The 2nd St. building will be knocked down to build an office building. (Will Waldron/Times Union) Church of St Jean Baptiste on Thursday, Aug. 24, 2017, in Troy, N.Y. The 2nd St. building will be knocked down to build an office building. (Will Waldron/Times Union) Photo: Will Waldron Buy photo Photo: Will Waldron Image 1 of / 87 Caption Close Office building planned for former St. Jean the Baptiste Church in Troy 1 / 87 Back to Gallery
Troy
The former St. Jean the Baptiste Roman Catholic church will be torn down and replaced with a $2.045 million office building, according to a proposal submitted to the city.
The church at 230 Second St., just south of Washington Park, was the parish for the city's French and French Canadian residents. It closed in the 1970s.
The development proposal is contingent upon the City Council approving the sale of the collapsing 149-year-old church to the Murphy Kennedy Group of New York City at its Sept. 7 meeting.
"The condition of the building has been deteriorating over the past 15 years," said Councilwoman Lynn Kopka, whose 5th District includes the church structure.
Kopka said it would be sad to see the historic building lost.
Local efforts have been made to find a way to save the building, but the structural issues are too difficult to overcome.
"If this is the only thing that makes sense, we're stuck with this solution," Kopka said.
The City Council gave preliminary approval to the sale at its Aug. 23 Finance Committee meeting.
The Murphy Kennedy Group submitted a proposal to buy the church on its 0.29-acre lot for $125,000. The city lists the full market value of the property at $80,000.
James Kennedy, CEO of the Murphy Kennedy Group, did not respond for a request for comment. The company lists extensive development projects on its website.
The firm proposes demolishing the church to build a new 3.5-floor mixed-use building of offices and retail. There will be 7,200 square feet of retail space on the first floor and 18,000 square feet of office space on the remaining 2.5 floors. There also will be 4,500 square feet of green space.
Materials from the razed church building will be used in the new structure.
The building will have the latest advances in green energy and thermal insulation, underground parking for 20 cars, Troy bike share stands and public green space, according to paperwork filed with the city.
The company estimates it would cost $145,000 to demolish the church and prepare the site; $1,700,000 for construction; and $200,000 for the greenspace.
The last proposed use for the church that was made public occurred in 2010 when it was envisioned as an indoor marketplace for food and clothing vendors. That plan collapsed and did not proceed.
The city fire department has marked the building as too dangerous to enter if a fire broke out.
Construction of the church began on July 19, 1868 and work was completed on Oct. 24, 1869.
"This became the center of assimilation for the French immigrant community in Troy," said City Historian Kathy Sheehan, who is based at the Rensselaer County Historical Society.
"It's a shame to lose a building that represented the French population that had settled in Troy," Sheehan said.
Many of the Roman Catholic parishes have closed and consolidated in the city as parishioners moved to the suburbs. This follows a pattern of urban church closures across the nation.
Most of the closed churches in Troy and other cities served specific immigrant groups as St. Jean the Baptiste did.
kcrowe@timesunion.com • 518-454-5084 • @KennethCrowe
Berkeley City Council will meet Tuesday to discuss the results of a homeless point-in-time count, which indicate a 53 percent increase in Berkeley's unsheltered homeless population since 2009.
The survey, organized by the nonprofit organization EveryOne Home and carried out Jan. 28, 2015, was similar to a count made in 2009, with the results — summarized in a report to go before the council — showing not only a 197-person increase in the city's unsheltered homeless population but a 23 percent increase in the city's homeless population overall, from 680 to 834 people.
Although the report does not include direct causes of the increase in Berkeley's homeless population, it states that there is a lack of coordination among homeless services, which prevents the city from allocating its resources as effectively as possible, a sentiment shared by some City Council members.
“Different kinds of people need very different services,” said Councilmember Kriss Worthington. “It needs to be personalized.”
In order to address this issue, earlier this month, the city launched The Hub, a centralized entry system that aims to help the unsheltered homeless population through more streamlined targeting of shelter and housing resources.
As indicated by the count and subsequent report, the city also hopes to improve its level of information about the issue of homelessness.
“Part of what we're always trying to do is figure out what are better ways to achieve our goals,” said city spokesperson Matthai Chakko.
But some members of the homeless community still believe City Council has not done enough to improve its approach to the issue of homelessness. Late last year, members of Berkeley's homeless community camped out in front of Old City Hall for several weeks in protest of the council's approval of ordinances regulating the placement of personal belongings on sidewalks, among other street behaviors.
Guy Lee, an advocate for the homeless and a candidate for mayor of Berkeley, said that the city's current approach is charity-based, which helps individuals in the short term but does little to solve problems in the long term.
Although the survey found that Berkeley's overall homeless population has gone up since 2009, not all subsets of the homeless population have increased. The number of homeless veterans, for example, has decreased by 40 percent, according to the report.
After reviewing the report Tuesday, the council will next take steps to alleviate homelessness during budget discussions in June, according to Councilmember Jesse Arreguin.
“What this survey illustrates is that despite all that we do, there's still a lot more that can be done,” Arreguin said. “This year is going to be a really critical moment for Berkeley in terms of how we can realign our services.”
Contact Maxwell Jenkins-Goetz at [email protected].
This week the latest news in the Digital Britain debate caused a wave of protests as it was revealed the government is considering disconnecting Internet users on allegations of copyright infringement. TorrentFreak caught up with a British independent film company to gauge their response to the news.
Monaghan Media is an independent film company from Manchester, England. They produce films, shorts and other media. They also assist others in the industry by developing ideas and offering production advice and are currently providing graphics for our very own TorrentFreak TV.
James Monaghan from the company has recently taken part in the BERR consultation on file-sharing so has been watching this week's developments closely. The government has set a deadline for responses to its plans (which include disconnecting alleged file-sharers from the Internet) of 29th September and, like many others, James has responded to the new statement by sending his thoughts in to the consultation. His feelings will resonate with many TorrentFreak readers. Here they are in full;
Monaghan Media Response To Latest BERR Statement
There are an estimated 7 million file-sharers (your figures) in the UK, and you want to reduce that number by 70%. 70% is 4.9 million. A fair trial is fundamental to democracy. To fairly prosecute 4.9 million citizens is an optimistic suggestion when currently Her Majesty's Court System holds 200,000 criminal cases per year. This would suggest it is going to take 25 years to reduce file-sharing by 70%. This is only dealing with the 70% of today's file-sharing with no regard to the expected increase of file-sharing. Research suggests that the number of file-sharers increases every day, 63% of people aged 14-24 now admit file-sharing, with 83% of those file-sharing every day.
To prosecute 4.9million people you will also need evidence. No evidence exists. Anywhere.
The ‘evidence' championed by the failing sector of the media industry – the physical distribution sector – has been proven time and time again to be incredibly flawed. I refer here to the elderly couple who the copyright industry began legal proceedings against for downloading hardcore gay nazi pornographic film ‘Army Fuckers' (1) among others. I also refer to the law firm Davenport-Lyons, who sent out 15,000 letters telling people to pay a small ‘fine' (usually about £600) and they'd make a lawsuit against them (for file-sharing) go away. This is what is known as ‘extortion'.
Luckily for the consumers, and all of those of us who enjoy freedom from criminals, Davenport-Lyons were quickly picked up by BBC's Watchdog program, and promptly disappeared.
I note though, that in today's (25th August 2009) response, you don't mention a fair trial. In fact you don't mention any opportunity for those accused with this flawed and faulty evidence to defend themselves. Which rather gives the impression that there will be no opportunity for the accused to defend themselves. What you do say is this:
“…the previous proposals, whilst robust, would take an unacceptable amount of time to complete in a situation that calls for urgent action…”
So what you've stated, is that it is impossible for your draconian anti-file-sharing measures to be implemented fairly. Which is correct. What this means, is that this route of anti-file-sharing legislation, the ‘criminalise-7-million-of-your-citizens' route is wholly unfeasible, impossible to implement without massive cost to the tax-payer, and impossible to implement without massive damage to the progress of the UK's creative industries. What this does not mean is that instead of fair trials and the assumption that the accused are innocent until proven guilty, everyone should be presumed guilty until they are proven innocent. This is perverse as the accused would not then have the opportunity to be proven innocent.
In my previous contribution to this consultation, I briefly touched upon the fact that the industry has never been able to show any loss, financial or otherwise, has been caused by file-sharing. I've gone into a little more detail here, which shows, with numbers, evidence, and references, (rather than the usual hearsay provided by the industry) to show that there isn't a financial loss to any of the most downloaded films this year (so far).
You'll note that all of the top ten most downloaded films so far this year (3) are all incredible commercial successes, each making hundreds of millions of pounds. Watchmen, the most downloaded film with 16.9 million illegal downloads, still made $185,248,060. How can anyone argue that file-sharing has caused it a financial loss? Benjamin Button was the second most downloaded film so far, being downloaded 13.1 million times illegally. It made $332,860,689. A financial loss? I think not.
What we are seeing here, is the end of one type of business: the physical distribution of digital products. We are in a world where DVDs are old technology, in less than ten years Blu-ray disks will go the same way as LPs, as tape cassettes, as VHS tapes, and as DVDs. The internet however, has outlived the DVD. And it will outlive the Blu-ray disk. And it will outlive whatever format ‘succeeds' the Blu-ray disk. The internet is here to stay. What we are seeing in the Creative Industry is a very small sector (distribution), which makes massive money from a system which is made redundant by the internet.
It is not the responsibility of the government, of the ISPs to prop up a failing business. If a business is failing, it is the responsibility of that business to look at itself, at its actions and rethink its operations in order to save itself.
It is wholly unfeasible to enforce any rule against filesharers, and impossible, literally impossible to enforce according to law.
I reiterate the statement I made in my first contribution to this consultation, the majority of my audiences watch my films over the BitTorrent system, a system so revolutionarily brilliant that it means I, an independent film-maker, can distribute a film in full High Definition to hundreds of millions of viewers with absolutely no cost incurred to me, where normally global film distribution costs several tens of millions of pounds. I think it is acceptable to say then, that my company and I are at the forefront of the industry.
As someone who uses file-sharing systems, not only to gain access to media which I never could've before, but also to distribute my own contributions to the UK's Creative Industry, I am utterly shocked and appalled by the lengths to which your government will go to make my audiences, my peers and myself criminals.
This is not the end of the creative industry. I can say this with great confidence, as someone working in the industry. The industry is currently undergoing a change, a natural change, a change that it must undergo. Although this is not the end of the creative industry, it is the end of a disgusting sector of the industry which has been a parasite on the industry for the past half-century, milking it for as much money as it can, promoting false inflation of the rest of the industry only to increase its own profits.
The criminals here are not the teenagers downloading films and music, but the global corporations that extort money from artists and consumers alike, and who operate in a manner not unfamiliar with sinister global criminal networks.
It is the remit of democratically elected Government to protect the citizens, film-makers, and business-owners from the failing business model which threatens freedom, civil liberty, and creative business' economic future.
Finally, I take this quote from your statement today:
“…As ever we would need to ensure any such measure fully complied with both UK and EU legislation…”
Disconnecting people from the internet does not fully comply with EU legislation. In fact it directly contravenes EU legislation. I am referring to amendment 138/46 which was adopted on the 6th May 2009 in response to French attempts to implement a system almost exactly the same as the one proposed here. A system which was declared unconstitutional by the French High Court. You will be aware that amendment 138/46 declared that access to the internet was a fundamental human right.
Not only do your proposals directly contravene European Law, but the certainty of wrongful sanctions being taken against citizens opens the government up to legal action. The fact that cutting off an entire household's internet punishes everyone in that household and not just the ‘accused file-sharer' is near-certain to breach the government's ‘Every Child Matters' directive where children are punished for others' actions. The probability of cutting off the internet of those who need the internet to survive, the long-term sick, for example, or the disabled, further opens up the government to attack.
Is this the route that my government wants to pursue? Or should the government perhaps listen to its' citizens' outrage and stop neglecting them in favour of the power and massive wealth offered by the global corporations whoare only motivation is furthering said power and wealth?
Yours faithfully,
James Monaghan
Monaghan Media
ELEAGUE Week 5 Semifinal Recap
Photo Courtesy of: ELEAGUE Twitter
Navi rolls over Echofox, Flipsid3 upset Mousesports to advance to the finals of Week 5 tomorrow.
Navi v. Echofox 10:5, 6:4 (16:9) 11:4, 5:0 (16:4)
Winner: Navi 2-0
Maps: de_Nuke, de_Overpass
MVP: Ioann "Edward" Sukhariev
Navi opened up their CT side of Echofox's pick Cache with a strong pistol round that denied the Americans even a bomb plant. Counting on a fourth round buy, the Americans force bought and were able to pick up the second and third rounds before Navi responded, bringing the score up to 6-2. Ronnie "ryx" Bylicki kept Echofox in the game with a 1v2 clutch. Led by Ioann "Edward" Sukhariev's multi kills on defence, Navi closed the half out 10-5.
Once Navi won the second pistol, the comeback seemed inevitable until Echofox once again won the second round force buy. Echofox tightened up the score to 8-11 but were unable to continue their momentum and Navi gave up only one rifle round to win the map 16-8.
Navi were merciless on their CT side of Overpass, winning the pistol and resetting Echofox's economy every time they won a round. After going down 2-8, Echofox took a tactical timeout and were able to bring back two rounds before losing the fifteenth round to Navi for a score of 11-4 in favor of the CIS team.
Navi picked up five unanswered rounds on their T half to win the map 16-4, sealing the series 2-0 and earning them a spot in the semifinals on Friday live on TBS.
Flipsid3 v. Mousesports 13:2, 3:7 (16:10) 11:4, 5:5 (16:9)
Winner: Flipsid3 2-0
Maps: de_Overpass, de_Cache
MVP: Yegor "markeloff" Markelov
Flipsid3 started out their map pick Overpass on CT very cleanly with a 3k from Aleksandr "Shara" Gordeev and a denied bomb plant. The Ukrainian defence chewed up Mouz' eco rounds and their first gun rounds before finally in the eighth round before a 2k from Chris "chrisJ" de Jong with the AWP gave the European mixed team their first round. Flipsid3 reset the terrorist economy, and took a huge lead of 10-1 before another 2k from “chrisJ” earned Mouz another round. Flipsid3 ended the half up 13-2.
Nikola "NiKo" Kovač came out with the energy needed for a comeback, picking up a 3k to get the ball rolling in Mous' favor. “Niko” kept the ball rolling with an ace to save his team from a blundered 5v3 situation, but Mous were unable to complete the comeback and Flipsid3 took the first map 16-10.
Both sides struggled for momentum in the early stages of Cache, with Mouz mounting a successful retake on the A site on the first pistol round, but being unable to take control of the game with Flipsid3 eventually taking a 3-2 advantage following their third round AK buy. Mouz were able to reply in the sixth round evening the score, but veteran Yegor "markeloff" Markelov lead his team to seize momentum and eventually win their T half 11-4.
This time “chrisJ” came out looking for a comeback with a huge 4k in the second pistol round and Mouz quickly seized momentum in the second half, picking the score up to 8-11 unanswered. Flipsid3, after losing the first rifle round of the half, force bought armor+pistol and eventually won the round, thanks to a 2k with the infamous five-seven by Georgi "WorldEdit" Yaskin.
Flipsid3 got up to 14-8, before giving up one more round to Mouz and then closing out Cache 16-9 and winning the series as the slight underdogs, 2-0.
Navi will play Flipsid3 in the final of ELEAGUE Week 5 live on TBS on 6/24 at 10pm Eastern Time. See our live coverage of the final and our continuing coverage of ELEAGUE Season 1 here.
QUICKPOLL Have you enjoyed this week of ELEAGUE so far? Yes
Thank you for voting! No
Thank you for voting!
As a general rule, climate hawks are not jumping for joy over the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a new trade deal between the U.S. and some Asian and Pacific nations. On Tuesday, in an interview with Democracy Now!, Nobel economics laureate Joseph Stiglitz gave them another reason to worry: He argued that certain provisions in the TPP would allow polluters to sue governments for setting carbon emission limits.
“This is a trade agreement that has all kinds of provisions intended to restrict regulations,” Stiglitz told Democracy Now!'s Amy Goodman.
As an example of the absurdity of these types of provisions, Stiglitz cited Philip Morris suing Uruguay in 2010 under a different treaty. Uruguay had implemented a regulation that required tobacco companies to append health warnings to cigarette cartons — similar to what we have in the United States — and Philip Morris sued the country for a loss in expected profits. “In other words,” Stiglitz said, “the view is, they have the right to kill people, and if you want to take away that right, you have to pay them not to kill.”
The Columbia University economist warned that the TPP could spur similar litigation over climate regulations. “We know we're going to need regulations to restrict the emissions of carbon,” argued Stiglitz. “But under these provisions, corporations can sue the government, including the American government, by the way, so all the governments in the TPP can be sued for the loss of profits as a result of the regulations that restrict their ability to emit carbon emissions that lead to global warming.”
Writing for Project Syndicate earlier this month, Stiglitz explained that corporate interests argue these types of provisions are “necessary to protect property rights where the rule of law and credible courts are lacking.” But he calls that argument “nonsense,” especially in the case of regulations formulated to target industries whose “profits are made from causing public harm.”
Watch the Democracy Now! video:
Metro officials and consultants issued a response Tuesday to a study commissioned by the Beverly Hills Unified School District, with Metro again standing by its conclusion that there is no place safe to build a subway tunnel and station for the Westside Subway Extension along Santa Monica Boulevard in the Century City area due to the presence of active earthquake faults.
The Beverly Hills Unified School District commissioned Leighton Consultants, Inc., to perform seismic research on the campus of Beverly Hills High School. Metro has also previously responded to two studies commissioned by the city of Beverly Hills, with the agency re-affirming its previous findings that tunneling under Santa Monica Boulevard should be avoided.
Leighton dug trenches on the campus property and performed other tests. Metro combined the Leighton data with data that the agency collected across the Century Beverly Hills, Century City and Westwood areas and concluded that the data supports the agency's original conclusion that two active faults — the Santa Monica Fault and the West Beverly Hills Lineament — converge under Santa Monica Boulevard.
Metro also disagrees with Leighton's statement that the West Beverly Hills Lineament is not present under the school campus, saying that Leighton did not collect enough data to support that conclusion.
Metro staff have proposed tunneling under part of the campus to reach a subway station at Constellation Boulevard and Avenue of the Stars in Century City — a location south of active faulting along Santa Monica Boulevard and also closer to more jobs in the area.
Beverly Hills officials oppose tunneling under the high school property, saying it could threaten student safety and that the tunnels — which will be 50 feet or more below ground — would hinder future underground development of the campus. Metro stands by its position that tunneling can be done safely and that the subway tunnels or subway operations will not interfere with school activities or development on the campus.
The Metro Board of Directors in April voted to certify the Final Environmental Impact Statement/Report for the subway project and approved the alignment and station locations for the project's first phase between Western Avenue and La Cienega Boulevard. The FEIS/R includes the studies on tunneling and seismic safety. The Board, however, delayed voting on a final alignment for the subway's second phase to Century City and third phase to Westwood in order to accommodate a request by Beverly Hills for a hearing on the subway under the state Public Utilities Code. The informational hearing is Thursday at 1:30 p.m. at Metro headquarters in downtown Los Angeles and the Board of Directors is not expected to take any action.
On a related topic, Metro disputes a story in the Beverly Hills Courier published Friday that alleged that JMB Realty will be paid $38.7 million for easements for the subway near properties it owns along Constellation Boulevard in Century City. Acquisition of property for construction, easement rights and payments have to be negotiated by Metro.
Metro Response to Leighton Report
Related:
Metro responds to Exponent report commissioned by Beverly Hills
Metro responds to Shannon & Wilson report commissioned by Beverly Hills
Metro seismic safety and tunneling safety reports:
Like this: Like Loading...
Production delays have plagued khara and Hideaki Anno's Evangelion film's release schedules. Initially announced as a trilogy in 2006, the "Rebuild of Evangelion" were tenatively planned for early summer 2007, followed by the next film in spring 2008, and the last in early summer 2008.
Fast-forward a year and the films get their titles and a first round of scheduling adjustments. Evangelion: 1.0 You Are (Not) Alone is pushed to September 1, 2007 which falls more into early fall than summer. Evangelion: 2.0 You Can (Not) Advance is changed to simply 2008 and Evangelion: 3.0 You Can (Not) Redo keeps its release as early summer 2008 with a caveat that it may change.
Evangelion: 1.0 You Are (Not) Alone is released without a hitch but the staff again re-evaluate 2.0 and 3.0 in 2008 and decide Evangelion: 2.0 You Can (Not) Advance will be pushed back to June 27, 2009. The staff state that the film's screenplay was finalized in March 2007 and storyboards for the first draft are about 2/3 complete. They decided to go over it again along with the film's overall work method and approach after Evangelion 1.0 is released. Anno feels an increase of expectations that must be met after the huge fan reaction to the introduction of Mari. Evangelion: 3.0's release date is changed to simply TBD.
In 2009, Evangelion: 3.0's name is changed from its tentative title of Evangelion Shin Gekijōban: Kyū (where "Kyū" used the kanji for "rapid") to Evangelion Shin Gekijōban: Q (where the represented "Quickening"). To retitle was made at the suggestion of storyboard artist Shinji Higuchi. In 2011, the film's TBD status is finally changed to fall 2012.
So January 2012 rolls around and khara announces that the trilogy has expanded to include four films. Evangelion 3.0 was previously promoted with a "+" afterwards but it's now broken off into its own film entirely. The yet untitled fourth film is expected to open almost simultaneously with Evangelion: 3.0 You Can (Not) Redo that fall. In July, 3.0's release is slated for November 17, 2012 while the new fourth film is pushed back to 2013. It's said to be a two, 45 minute parts that includes a sequel to 3.0 plus a final chapter.
Evangelion: 3.0 opens in November, the fourth film is given the unpronounceable title of Evangelion Shin Gekijōban:|| and its 2013 opening is replaced with TBD. The English title is changed in September 2014 from Evangelion: FINAL to Evangelion 3.0 + 1.0 . In November 2014, Hideaki Anno produces the Japan Animator Expo net anime shorts. In April 2015 it's announced Anno will work on the new Japanese Godzilla film for TOHO.
These constant delays have, in some ways, extended to both sides of the pond. Funimation is only releasing Evangelion: 3.0 You Can (Not) Redo on home video this coming February, after screening it in theaters in 2014 and multiple delays. Funimation reported last year that it is working directly with Hideaki Anno's studio Khara for the home video release. Khara decided it will create its own special subtitle tracks for the release. Manga Entertainment's release was also delayed.'
[Via Minna no Eva Fan]
There has been significant interest among F1 fans around the world regarding the way Red Bull managed its two drivers in the Japanese Grand Prix. Mark Webber was ahead of Sebastian Vettel, then was switched onto a three-stop strategy and ended up finishing behind him. Red Bull got a 1-2 finish.
With the help of JA on F1 technical adviser Mark Gillan, who headed Williams' track operations last year, we've got a fuel corrected graph, which expresses the lap times of the three leading drivers during the race.
There are several conclusions we can draw from this and some useful insights into the way situations like this are dealt with by teams, so fans can understand a little better how teams arrive at key decisions in races.
The horizontal axis is the number of race laps, the vertical axis is the lap time in seconds, with the lower numbers being the faster laps. The sudden upward moves are the pit stops.
The way F1 strategy teams work is that a live computer strategy model is working all the time, modelling different outcomes and suggesting strategies. After Romain Grosjean got ahead at the start, the model would have changed and started suggesting alternative strategies.
"That model in that scenario would not give Webber the two stop and Vettel the three stop strategy. The model isn't just working on data from that weekend, it's working on historical data as well, based on previous performances by the teams and drivers, using coding and mathematics," says Gillan.
"It would have told Red Bull that the sooner they made the switch the better. It will have proposed the switch to them as early as the first stint, after Grosjean won the start.
"As a team from a strategy point of view it makes sense to split the strategies to produce confusion in the Lotus team against whom they were racing.
"It's important to remember that they had no chance of losing P2 and P3 in the race by doing this, but they had a chance to get P1 and P2."
The surprise then is that they left it until lap 25 before making the switch. And this is what hurt Webber, because he hadn't driven the first 25 laps like a driver on a three stop would do.
"There is nothing worse than converting from a two stop to a three during the race," says Gillan. "Having conserved the tyres at the start of the second stint, you can see Webber was working to a two stop. Compare that pace to the third stint where he is pushing hard.
"The mindset of a driver on a three stop strategy is quite different from a two stop."
"He beat Grosjean anyway so it's a moot point. In my view he would not have beaten Vettel in all probability. Red Bull did the right thing."
So why did they delay the decision to switch strategy?
"They waited a while, knowing that it would not affect the outcome (in other words the model showed Vettel winning and Webber coming second) in case of a reliability issue on one of the cars. That is a wise thing to do," says Gillan.
This is why Webber was still being told he was driving to a two stop during the opening laps of the second stint.
"Vettel had had a few issues to deal with," says Gillan. "He has a bit of a slack trace in the opening stint, not his usual style, and had so his engineer will have been on the radio to him asking 'Is that your true pace?' and assessing what stage of degradation the tyres were at."
Vettel will have assured them that everything was fine and then once Webber is moved out of the way he bangs in some consistent, fast laps and extends the middle stint.
Having recently spotted a young Pine Marten for the first time in the wild, in the Scottish Borders of all places, I put out my remote camera in the hope of capturing it on film. To entice it, I left out a jam sandwich and nuts- two of their favourite things. As you will see, it did work, but in a way I didn't expect. You'll see the Pine Marten actually catching a wood mouse that was feeding on the bait. It then appears to scent-mark the tree before leaving.
Fantastic to have them back in this region after such a long time away and it's hard to believe that I've had my first sighting and footage of one within 48 hours. It certainly indicates there is a healthy population of them now living in the area, and long may that continue. The date displayed on the footage is wrong- this was captured yesterday evening. More recordings to follow I hope…….
Advertisements
I hate to pick on a fellow news outlet, but this was a breathtaking example of irresponsible science hype from Mother Jones:
No. Please stop this. No one has established that cellphones cause cancer, particularly in humans. That headline and image combo is wildly misleading. You can find other bad headlines here and here.
What actually happened is that scientists released the results of a big — but not yet peer-reviewed — study in which they exposed rats to the sorts of radio frequency radiation emitted by cellphones and found higher incidences of two types of tumors in male rats, compared with a control group. (Though, oddly, the exposed rats also lived longer.) It's the first study to show non-ionizing radiation causing cancer.
But there are major caveats here: This is just one study (we shouldn't dismiss it, but it's quite possible the results were simply due to chance). The effects were only found in rats (and may not translate at all to humans). And this needs to be weighed against other evidence that cellphones aren't a big risk for people (we've been using phones for decades now with no uptick in brain cancer). This is an important bit of research and deserves careful scrutiny and follow-up. But it's not an occasion for fear-mongering.
Look: Science moves slowly. Individual studies are often wrong, and it's rare for one paper to completely upend everything we know about a topic. There are very few genuinely "game-changing" studies. And reporters need to do a better job of putting this incrementalism in context — rather than preying on people's fears for clicks.
(I'll note that there were quite a few careful, nuanced stories on the cellphone study, including this from Rachel Feltman of the Washington Post and this from Megan Thielking and Dylan Scott of Stat News.)
What the new study on cellphones, rats, and cancer found
The US National Toxicology Program, which is part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), released the results of a big, two-year study in which researchers exposed rats to the types of radio frequency radiation that cellphones emit and compared them with a control group.
You can read the paper here. Note that the findings have been reviewed by other experts, but they haven't yet gone through a formal journal peer review, which may lead to further edits. An NIH spokesperson told Stat News that the agency is also reviewing the work.
A careful summary of the results was done by Aaron Carroll, Professor of Pediatrics and Associate Dean for Research Mentoring at Indiana University School of Medicine. I'll turn the mic over to him:
They exposed pregnant rats to whole body CDMA- and GSM-modulated radiofrequency radiation, for 9 hours a day, 7 days a week. Then they exposed 90 pups of each sex to three levels of each type of radiation for up to 2 years ... At the end of the study, survival was lower in the control group of males than in all the exposed males. Survival was lower in the control group of females for two of the three exposed groups. Yet no headlines blared that cell phones extend life. Nor will mine. No statistics are presented on whether this is significant. Now let's get to brain cancer. There were no significant differences in the incidences of lesions in exposed male rats compared to controls. There was a "statistically significant positive trend in the incidence of malignant glioma (p < 0.05) 16 for CDMA-modulated RFR exposures." Not GSM, though. No differences were seen in the female rats at all. The cardiac schwannomas [a type of heart tumor] were more compelling, but again, only for males. No differences for females. I didn't see any sample size calculation, nor any discussion of what they expected to see. One of the reviewers did a power calculation ... and found that based on 90 rats per group, the power was about 14%. This means that false positives are very likely. The cancer difference was only seen in females, not males. The incidence of brain cancer in the exposed groups was well within the historical range. There's no clear dose response. ... And one more thing — the survival of male rats in the control group was relatively low, and if these tumors developed later in life, this could be the whole reason for the difference.
So: The researchers found an increased incidence of two types of tumors in male rats — malignant gliomas in the brain and schwannomas in the heart — after heavy exposure to cellphone radiation. But we can't rule out false positives. And the dangers aren't entirely clear-cut: note that the exposed rats actually lived longer than the unexposed rats.
That's the study. Now keep in mind these big caveats:
1) Single studies, even well-designed studies like this one, don't always hold up. That's why replication is so crucial in science. Other researchers need to dig into this study and try to reproduce its findings.
2) This study was done on rats. Rats have some similarities to humans, and can be good test subjects for medical research, but they are not identical to us. Science is littered with animal studies whose results don't carry over to humans.
3) The researchers treated the rats to very heavy amounts of radiation — nine hours a day, seven days a week — which is far more than most people spend holding their cellphones to their heads. (Many people nowadays rarely hold their cellphones up to their heads at all.)
4) There's a fair bit of countervailing evidence that cellphones aren't a major cancer risk. Here's Carroll again: "Cell phones are UBIQUITOUS in the United States. If they were causing cancer, we would expect to see rates of cancer going up, right? That's not what we're seeing. They've been decreasing since the late 1980s." Other population-wide studies have shown little evidence of cancer risk in humans from cellphone use.
That's not to dismiss this research, but it does suggest caution is warranted.
Outside experts were much more cautious about the study
Here are a few comments on the study from other scientists, courtesy of the Genetic Expert News Service. They add some much-needed nuance and skepticism.
Malcolm Sperrin, director of medical physics at Royal Berkshire Hospital in the United Kingdom, thought the study was "interesting and well-designed" but merited careful follow-up:
This is a very interesting and well-designed study of the incidence of two types of tumour in rats. The conclusions suggest that there is a small additional risk from exposure to RF [radiofrequency radiation] similar to that used in mobile phones, although the increase is very small. ... However, the exposures given to the rats is high, the rats are clearly not human equivalent and perversely, the life expectancy of the rats exposed to the RF is marginally greater than the control. This report is a forerunner of a more comprehensive study but does lend credibility to the cautions necessary in very long RF exposures. ... It should be borne in mind that the hypothesis of cancer genesis is not postulated and certainly does not reveal a link between normal domestic use of RF devices and health detriment, but does suggest that further studies are warranted.
Kevin McConway, emeritus professor of applied statistics at the Open University in Britain, pointed out that the uptick seen in rat tumors could well be due to chance. He noted that he doesn't intend to stop using his cellphone just yet:
The study is statistically underpowered. That means that not enough animals were used to allow the researchers to have a good chance of detecting a risk from radiofrequency radiation of the size one might plausibly expect, on the basis of previous findings. ... The concern here are that risks and effects that are detected in underpowered experiments often turn out to be exaggerated — they may or may not still be real effects, but further study shows them to be smaller than the original research indicated. It's too soon to tell if that will be the case here. So here we have a study that found fairly weak evidence of small effects of mobile phone radiation on tumours in rats, where it's plausible that the effects are even smaller than what was found, and where it's not (yet) clear how far any such results are applicable to humans. I'm not going to stop using my mobile phone in the light of this.
Rodney Croft, director of the Australian Centre for Electromagnetic Bioeffects Research, raised several key questions about the study and noted that it "does not provide reason to move from the current scientific consensus that mobile phone-like exposure does not impact health":
Of particular note is that the rats treated with RF lived longer than the controls (which is counterintuitive given that the increased tumour rates normally lead to reduced lifespan), the controls did not have ‘any' tumours (which is also not what is normally found), and the lack of clear dose-response relationships raises the possibility that the results may merely be ‘false positives' (particularly given the large number of statistical comparisons, the one significant result would appear consistent with chance). It is also noteworthy that the results do not appear consistent with the cancer rates within the human population, nor with the majority of other experimental research, even at the very high exposure levels, which are many times higher than humans are exposed to. The NTP study will thus need to be fully evaluated once further details become available, and considered within the context of RF emissions science as a whole. At present though, and particularly given a range of uncertainties regarding its results, the NTP report does not provide reason to move from the current scientific consensus that mobile phone-like exposure does not impact health.
This is how scientists usually think about any important new study. They take the results seriously, they point to questions that demand further investigation, but they remain skeptical that this is the last word. The press should strive to follow suit.
Further reading:
Cytokines are small proteins in the immune system that act as chemical messengers between cells. Prior research suggests that pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines are dysfunctional during alcohol dependence and may contribute to the progression from healthy to problem drinking. This study compared social and non-dependent problem drinkers on the impact of alcohol-related changes in the body's immune response to stress, alcohol-cue induced craving and anxiety, motivation to drink, and alcohol consumption.
Researchers studied 26 (21 male, 5 female) problem drinkers and 38 (26 male, 12 female) social drinkers. During three consecutive days, all participants were exposed to three personalized five-minute imaging sessions that represented stressful (S), relaxing (R), and alcohol cues (C), followed by an "alcohol taste test" (ATT) to measure alcohol motivation and intake. Additional measures were obtained at baseline, post-imagery, and at alcohol-cue presentation during ATT.
The study showed that problem drinkers who are at risk for AD had a dampened biological response at baseline -- specifically, suppressed pro- and anti-inflammatory markers -- compared to social drinkers. The immunologic changes seen in problem drinkers were associated with elevated levels of stress and cue-induced alcohol craving and anxiety. The changes also predicted alcohol craving, the motivation to drink, alcohol intake and the severity of problem drinking. Based on these findings, the authors concluded that selective immunosuppression may contribute to problem drinkers' motivation to drink.
Congress stalwart Gegong Apang, who served as the second longest serving chief minister in the country with a record 22 years, mostly with the party, has resigned and joined the BJP.
Apang, in a letter Arunachal Pradesh Congress Committee president on February 17 resigned from the primary and active membership of the party, party sources said.
He joined the BJP in New Delhi during the day in the presence of senior party leaders, Arunachal Pradesh BJP unit president Tai Tagak said here on Thursday.
Tagak said that the formal announcement would be made during the Vijay Sankalp Abhiyan Rally to be held at Pasight in East Siang district on February 22 which would be addressed by BJP Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi.
Apang is not new to the BJP as he had led a BJP-led coalition government in the state during 2003 for 42 days.
LCD Soundsystem have already announced multiple festival appearances, but now, James Murphy and co. have announced their first reunion shows. They'll take place this March 27 and 28—which is this weekend—at NYC's Webster Hall. "LCD Soundsystem will rise from the dead this Easter Sunday," a poster reads. Find that below. The right to purchase a ticket will be awarded via lottery. Enter that here.
LCD Soundsystem released three excellent albums between 2005 and 2010. They called it quits after a final Madison Square Garden show in 2011. They emerged on Christmas Eve with a new single, "Christmas Will Break Your Heart." They've been working on a new album and have apparently signed to Columbia.
Read "You Were There: The Complete LCD Soundsystem," welcome the band back with our Pitch piece, and wonder along with us about a possible number one album.
LCD Soundsystem:
03-27-28 New York, NY - Webster Hall
04-15-17, 22-24 Indio, CA - Coachella
06-01-05 Barcelona, Spain - Primavera Sound
06-04 Paris, France - Bois De Vincennes
06-09-12 Manchester, TN - Bonnaroo
06-25-07-02 Roskilde, Denmark - Roskilde Festival
06-28-29 Kristiansand, Norway - Q25
06-29-07-02 Gdynia, Poland - Open'er Festival
07-06 Ibiza, Spain - Ushuaïa
07-08-10 Kinross, England - T in the Park
07-15-16 London, England - Lovebox Festival
07-22-24 New York, NY - Panorama Festival
07-22-25 Oro-Medonte, Ontario - WayHome Music & Arts Festival
07-28-31 Chicago, IL - Lollapalooza
08-17-20 Parades de Coura, Portugal - Vodafone Paredes de Coura
08-19-21 Biddinghuizen, the Netherlands - Lowlands Festival
09-02-04 Stradbally, Ireland - Electric Picnic
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The SNP and Labour leaders argued they were best placed to tackle inequality
Ed Miliband has accused the SNP of attempting to "con" Scottish voters into believing independence was the only way to achieve social justice.
The Labour leader described the Conservatives as "divided and demoralised" and predicted a Labour government "is on its way".
He also claimed the SNP would continue Tory policies after independence.
Mr Miliband was speaking as First Minister Alex Salmond set out his own vision of a fairer Scotland.
With just two weeks to go until the referendum on Scottish independence, and with polls suggesting the race is tightening, both sides have been making a concerted effort to win over undecided Labour voters, who are believed to be one of the keys to victory.
Frankly it is an SNP con. They are going to continue Tory policies if they have independence, that is their real prospectus Ed Miliband, Labour leader
In an interview with BBC Scotland's political editor Brian Taylor, Mr Miliband said the SNP had a "strange strategy" in the referendum campaign.
He added: "They want to tell people the Tories can't be beaten across the UK. I am here to say they can.
'Social justice'
"I want a fairer, more equal country. I know so many people in Scotland feel the country is not working for them and they will be wondering should they be voting 'No' in the referendum or should they be voting 'Yes'.
"My strong message is to vote 'No' in the referendum because a Labour government is on the way, a Labour government with genuine proposals for social justice."
In this campaign, Ed Miliband and David Cameron are two peas in a pod. And of course the Labour Party have pledged to continue the austerity policies of the Conservative Party Alex Salmond, First Minister
Mr Miliband said Labour was committed to a fairer tax system, with a new 10p rate and a higher 50p rate, as well as freezing energy bills, raising the national minimum wage, getting young people into work and increasing the powers of the Scottish Parliament.
He argued that the SNP, on the other hand, would have to cut corporation tax and public spending after independence, while failing to match Labour commitments on the 50p tax rate or energy price freeze.
He added: "Frankly it is an SNP con. They are going to continue Tory policies if they have independence, that is their real prospectus.
"If you want social justice you vote 'No' and we are going to elect a Labour government."
Mr Miliband later joined Scottish Labour leader Johann Lamont to campaign in South Lanarkshire.
At the same time, Mr Salmond joined Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon on a campaign visit to Glasgow to mark his 10 years as SNP leader, and to set out a vision of an independent Scotland 10 years from now.
Image caption The first minister and his deputy celebrated Mr Salmond's decade as leader of the SNP with Yes supporters in Glasgow
'Secure economy'
The first minister said the vision for 2024 was of an independent Scotland "where everyone has the chance to get on in life and where opportunities are for the many not the few".
Responding directly to Mr Miliband's remarks, Mr Salmond accused the Labour leader of being "in bed with the Tory party" and said more than 200,000 Labour voters were planning to vote in favour of independence.
He added: "In this campaign, Ed Miliband and David Cameron are two peas in a pod. And of course the Labour Party have pledged to continue the austerity policies of the Conservative Party.
"He has no credibility left whatsoever. In contrast, we've introduced social justice policies in Scotland like, for example, the living wage."
"These are the policies that Scotland wants because Scotland wants the ability to create a more prosperous economy but also a just and fair society. That's what people are voting for in hundreds of thousands, they're moving to the Yes campaign, including 200,000 people plus who normally vote Labour who are now saying 'Yes'."
On 18 September, voters in Scotland vote "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
San Francisco tenant Deb Follingstad was shocked when she learned her rent was increasing by nearly 400 percent.
So were thousands of people on Facebook.
Follingstad, 46, posted the legal notice she received from her Bernal Heights landlord on the social network on Saturday in hopes of finding a new place to live. Since then, the letter stating that her rent is jumping from $2,145 to $8,900 a month has been shared more than 3,000 times. In addition to the rent increase that goes into effect on May 5, the landlord slapped Follingstad with a $12,500-per-month security deposit. (Since security deposits aren't on a per-month basis, Follingstad thinks that may be a typo.)
Follingstad's residence is a basic two-bedroom and according to Rent Jungle, the average rent of a two-bedroom unit in San Francisco is $4,040, less than half the amount Follingstad is being charged.
Follingstad, a Chinese medicine practitioner who specializes in cancer patients, has lived at 355 Bocana St. for 10 years under rent control.
“The rental situation in San Francisco has been so crazy that you assume something bad could happen, like maybe the building gets sold,” Follingstad, who shares the apartment with her boyfriend, told SFGate. “But I never expected this. When I received the legal notice, I felt sick to my stomach. It's so outrageous and I never imagined anything like this could be legal.”
The landlord, Nadia Lama, has pulled a clever maneuver, and San Francisco tenants rights attorney Joseph Tobener, managing partner at Tobener Law Center, says it's too early to tell whether what she did is legal. Lama's lawyer did not respond to a request for comment.
Here's the backstory:
Follingstad moved into the top floor of the two-unit building in 2005. Even though she says the ground floor apartment was an illegal in-law, the building was considered a multi-unit and “protected from large rent increases under the Rent Ordinance of 1979,” according to SF Curbed. San Francisco law requires owners of makeshift multi-units to adhere to the same rules that legal buildings must follow.
Lama began changing the status of the residence last year when the lower-unit tenant moved out, according to Follingstad. The owner allegedly removed the stove, sink and toilet, turning the downstairs into storage and transforming the multi-unit property into a single-family home. While a discretionary review with the Planning Department is required when removing a legal in-law unit, the process isn't necessary for an illegal unit and the owner only needs to pull building permits.
“A review is triggered when a legal in-law unit is being removed only if the tenant demands a review within 15 days of the permit being pulled,” Tobener says. “Usually, a tenant doesn't even know the permits are being pulled.”
As a single-family home, 355 Bocana no longer fell under rent control under the Rent Ordinance, allowing Lama to increase the rent.
Tobener explains that while tenants in single-family homes and condos are protected from evictions, they're not protected from rent increases. As a result, landlords can force a tenant out by raising the rent to an unaffordable price and avoid paying relocation fees that start at $5,200 per person and go up depending on factors ranging from number of children to a tenant's disability.
This was likely Lama's plan all along. Follingstad can't afford the $8,900 a month rent, not to mention the security deposit, and now she's faced with moving out.
The trick that Lama pulled is what Tobener calls a constructive eviction by rent increase. “The landlord has jacked up the rent to get around the minimum moving allowance,” he says. “It's outrageous to me.”
Tobener says that an increasing number of landlords are using constructive evictions to skirt paying tenants' moving costs.
Supervisor David Campos, who represents the Bernal Heights neighborhood, says he's aware of Follingstad's situation and his staff has offered to help her navigate the situation. “I don't know whether what has happened here is legal,” Campos said to SFGate. “I do know that this goes against the spirit of what rent control is supposed to be about.”
When SFGate reached out to Follingstad this morning, she was about to meet with potential lawyers.
“I talked to the Tenants Union,” she says. “I'm going to get an attorney. But I know I'll be lucky to get my $1,500 security deposit back.”
For Follingstad, this is all disheartening as she was on good terms with her landlord. “I had a really nice relationship with the landlord,” she says. “I always paid my rent on time and have taken good care of the property. I painted the entire inside of the apartment myself. The landlord paid for the materials but I put in all the labor myself.”
It seems like things are changing rapidly in San Francisco. If you're in the mood to reminisce about the past, check out these things you'll never see in S.F. again:
Hillary Clinton doesn't get to co-opt racism and misogyny anymore. She doesn't get to use the very real struggles of women and people of color to make excuses for why she was unable to beat a reality TV show host and failed businessman in her bid to become the 45th president of the United States.
Hillary Clinton's entire life has been cloaked in privilege. She has never been denied entry to anything in her professional career other than president, despite being given every conceivable advantage, including going up against a hand-selected contender in Donald Trump who made enough offensive comments to sabotage ten presidential candidates.
Correct the Record loves to remind people of her extensive resumé. Hillary Clinton has been a lawyer, a scholar, a US Senator, the Secretary of State, and two-time presidential candidate. She's a multi-millionaire who even served as a director of Walmart, one of the largest companies in the country, despite being the youngest, and least experienced member on the board. Remind me, which part of any of that reeks of being disadvantaged? Her early life was so chock full of privilege that she once campaigned for Barry Goldwater, a man who Martin Luther King called "disastrous" and "represents a philosophy that is morally indefensible," in regards to his stance on civil rights. She campaigned for Goldwater even after having personally met Martin Luther King two years earlier. Hillary Clinton blames misogyny for her election loss.
Did misogyny force you to never campaign in Wisconsin or Michigan? 🤔 — Charlie Kirk (@charliekirk11) May 2, 2017 So, no, don't try and tell me Hillary is a victim of misogyny and racism. Don't try to make other people's struggles her own. She was handed every advantage imaginable, and arguably has been her entire life. From superdelegates, to campaign money, to celebrity endorsements, even JJay-Zand Beyoncé even threw her a FREE concert which, true to Hillary's inability to rally a crowd, only 7,000 people attended even though the megastar couple drew an average audience of 40,000 during their recent world tour. Let's be very clear, Hillary Clinton lost because she represented a Democratic establishment which had abandoned (and continues to abandon) the values the party once championed. She doesn't get to co-opt misogyny and racism anymore. Those still belong to the people who are actually fighting to tear down those barriers, and she's not one of us.
Editorial Featured
Regression to the mean would have been a simple enough explanation. No one could begrudge Josh Richardson an off night after making so many critical shots for the Miami Heat over the past month.
But the rookie guard was having none of it after Wednesday night's 102-100 overtime loss to the Los Angeles Lakers, after shooting 0 for 8 from the field, including 0 for 4 on 3-pointers.
"I was thinking too much," said the second-round pick out of Tennessee who has so grown on the team over the past six weeks with his unflappable approach.
Entering Wednesday's game, Richardson had made at least three 3-pointers in eight of his previous 10 games and at least half his shots in nine of his previous 11.
And then they stopped dropping at Staples Center.
"I think I had a couple of good looks," he said of his early misses. "I think I passed on a couple. It was one of those days."
Luol Deng says the Heat focus now has to be about getting the final eight games right. Luol Deng says the Heat focus now has to be about getting the final eight games right. SEE MORE VIDEOS
After riding Richardson for nine minute in the fourth quarter, coach Erik Spoelstra had him on the bench for all but the final 1.9 seconds of the overtime.
By then, Richardson's confidence was shot, even as tri-captain Udonis Haslem was trying to boost his confidence.
"U.D. told me I passed on a couple, and to stop thinking so much," Richardson, shaking his head about how he allowed previous missed shots to impact ensuing shots, at times stepping in from an open look for a contested attempt. "I can't do that."
Having established a reputation for feisty play, Richardson finished a team-worst minus-14 for the night. He said the bench this time let the team down.
"I just don't think we brought the grit we needed to at the beginning of the game," he said, with a 15-point lead evaporating after he entered in the first quarter along with Justise Winslow and Hassan Whiteside.
"Next game, against Sacramento, is going to be big for us," he said of Friday night at Sleep Train Arena.
Sluggish start
Although he came around to close with 18 points, 17 rebounds and seven blocked shots, most of Whiteside's contributions came late.
For the first time since his early games of settling into a bench role at midseason, Whiteside mentioned the impact of entering cold.
"Just trying to come off the bench and loosen up and trying to get into the flow of the game, it's tough some times," he said.
For as many rebounds as he corralled, there also were several that got away, with the Lakers closing with 17 second-chance points.
"The ball was just going everywhere," he said. "It's tough. They got some rebounds down the stretch that got away from us."
Special moment
At least some of Wednesday night was salvaged for Dwyane Wade and others with extended tenures with the Heat when former Heat and Lakers forward Lamar Odom sat courtside.
Odom, who suffered strokes and kidney failure last October, visited privately with Wade and Lakers guard Kobe Bryant.
That had Wade posting on Twitter, "Made losing this game not matter "as much" after getting a chance to spend time with my guy LO. #GodisGood"
Bryant said the private time was reassuring.
"It was just like old times," he said. "We talked before the game and talked after the game. It was great to just talk basketball with him and talk trash. It was good. It was unbelievable.
"To see him walking around now . . . it's as if nothing even happened. It's really a miracle. It's beyond good to see him."
Wade also made a cameo appearance at Bryant's postgame media session, with Bryant, 37, stopping his interview to chide Wade, 34, "He knows he's going to be the oldest guy in the league next year."
Bryant, outscored 26-2 by Wade, called Wade a "vicious competitor" and said he was "the hardest player I've ever had to guard in a screen roll. He could come off the screen and just disappear."
iwinderman@tribpub.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
Disunion follows the Civil War as it unfolded.
Photo
By the end of July 1864, Union forces were entrenched outside Petersburg, Va., a major city south of Richmond. To break the siege, commanders in the IX Corps came up with a novel idea: A regiment of Pennsylvania coal miners dug a tunnel 511 feet long, right up under a Confederate strongpoint, and packed four tons of blasting powder into galleries at its end. When the mine was touched off it would blow a huge breach in the Rebel lines, through which infantry could attack and seize the high ground that commanded Petersburg.
The so-called Petersburg Mine was an extraordinary technical accomplishment, and its detonation on July 30 produced what was then the largest man-made explosion in history. But federal commanders bungled the infantry attack, which never got beyond the gaping hole left by the explosion. The Union army suffered 4,000 casualties, turning what came to be known as the Battle of the Crater from a spectacular opportunity to capture Petersburg to an unmitigated disaster.
But there is more to the Battle of the Crater than the ironic contrast of technological brilliance with military incompetence. Its real significance lies in its exposure of the depth and complexity of the racial animosities that underlay the Civil War.
Gen. Ambrose Burnside, who led the IX Corps, had planned to use his Fourth Division, which was comprised of nine regiments of United States Colored Troops, to spearhead his assault. Unlike his white divisions, the Fourth had not been weakened by heavy battle losses. Its morale was high, and it would be trained in the maneuvers required to pass the crater and debris field left by the mine explosion and seize the high ground.
Beyond the tactical problems of leading so large an assault, black soldiers and their white officers had to prepare for a combat in which they could expect no mercy if they were captured or left wounded on the field. Col. John Bross, who commanded the 29th U.S.C.T. at Petersburg, told the press, “When I lead these men into battle, we shall expect no quarter, and shall not ask for quarter.”
The Confederate government had declared that officers of the U.S.C.T. would be treated as criminals fomenting slave rebellion, an offense punishable by death. Fear of federal retaliation prevented open enforcement of that policy, but Confederate Secretary of War James Seddon had encouraged field commanders to apply its principles unofficially, “red-handed on the field or immediately thereafter.” Black prisoners not disposed of on the field were treated as slaves: returned to former masters, sold, hired out by the government or set to labor with other slaves on Confederate fortifications.
Seddon's injunction reflected, and lent official sanction, to the racial animosity endemic to a slavery-based society. If anything, it had grown worse during the war. White supremacy was the social and emotional cement of Southern society, and when internal class conflicts and battlefield defeats shook popular morale in the summer of 1864, Confederate leaders rallied their people by reminding them that a Union victory would enable blacks to break the bonds of subjection that kept them in their place. Black soldiers were the incarnation of that threat, and Southern soldiers affirmed their racial identity by declaring their intention to show no mercy.
Union officers used that fact to their benefit. During their assault training, Fourth Division troops were enjoined to use “Fort Pillow! No Quarter!” as their battle cry. However, for the division's officers the battle cry was not intended as a command. In the battle itself they took pains to see that their troops did not harm rebel wounded or P.O.W.s. Rather, it was a motivational ploy that reflected their own racial prejudice: They believed that Negroes, as a race, were timid and needed the stimulus of desperation to make them fight hard against white Southerners. That same prejudice would cost the Union dearly when, on the eve of the battle, Gen. George Meade – commanding the Army of the Potomac – forbade the use of the “Colored Division” as the spearhead, because he did not think black soldiers were good enough.
General Burnside went into a funk. Instead of making a new plan, he had the other division commanders draw straws for the mission. Chance decreed that Gen. James Ledlie's troops should lead – a division unprepared for its assignment and exhausted by weeks of fighting, and whose commander was known to get falling-down drunk when faced with combat.
At 4:45 a.m. on July 30, the earth below the rebel strongpoint bulged and broke, and an enormous mushroom cloud, “full of red flames, and carried on a bed of lightning flashes, mounted towards heaven with a detonation of thunder,” one witness recalled. The explosion blasted a crater 130 feet long, 75 feet wide and 30 feet deep, with nearly sheer walls of jagged clay, “filled with dust, great blocks of clay, guns, broken carriages, projecting timbers, and men buried in various ways.”
The crater itself was an impassable barrier, and there were debris-clogged trenches to either side. The black troops had been trained to avoid the crater and drive for the high ground. Ledlie's men, abandoned by their drunken general, drifted into the crater and stayed there.
The explosion had killed one-third of the South Carolina brigade defending the strongpoint, but behind it was a labyrinth of communication trenches where rebel infantry rallied. Confederate engineers, anticipating an attack, had planted a ring of artillery batteries on the high ground. They laid down a crossfire of canister shot that pinned Ledlie's division in the breach. As more federal troops advanced, a terrible logjam formed in and around the crater.
In a last attempt to redeem this disaster, Burnside ordered the United States Colored Troops to attack. After four hours of fighting, the advantages of surprise and shock were lost, and the black soldiers would have to force their way forward through the mass of demoralized whites around the crater. Nevertheless, they accomplished far more than could have been expected: The commanders of the two leading regiments, utilizing their units' training, improvised a pincer attack that captured 150 prisoners and a clutch of battle flags. The following regiments also worked their way through the mob and (with some rallied white regiments) tried to charge the high ground.
But by now rebel reinforcements had arrived. A brilliantly timed counterattack by Gen. William Mahone routed the attempted federal advance, and most of the federals fled. About a thousand gathered in and around the crater, but their position was untenable: Under crossfire by rifles and artillery, and vulnerable to mortar shells dropped among the helpless, they packed the crater bottom like fish in a barrel. Officers who commanded in the crater testified that black troops were the mainstay of its last-ditch defense, a thin line of riflemen defending the crater berm. One private of the Confederate 12th Virginia gave them the accolade, “They fought like bulldogs and died like soldiers.”
When Mahone's Confederates finally closed in, the battle degenerated into a combination massacre and race riot. Rebels killed wounded blacks as they retreated to the crater. “The cry was raised that we would all be killed if we were captured among the negroes,” recalled one white soldier; some desperate whites killed their black comrades-in-arms to show they shared the Confederates' abhorrence of race-mixing.
Finally a call went up: “The Yanks have surrendered.” Confederate troops clambered into the crater, and the first men down, one soldier wrote, “plunged their bayonets into the colored wounded lying there.” Col. John Haskell of Virginia observed, “Our men, who were always made wild by having negroes sent against them … were utterly frenzied with rage. Nothing in the war could have exceeded the horrors that followed. No quarter was given, and for what seemed a long time, fearful butchery was carried on.” Confederate officers eventually stopped the killing, but many black prisoners were murdered as they passed, under guard, through the Confederate reserves. Pvt. Dorsey Binyon of the 48th Georgia regretted that “some few negroes went to the rear as we could not kill them as fast as they past us.” Capt. William Pegram of Virginia took satisfaction in the belief that fewer than half of the blacks who surrendered on the field “ever reached the rear … You could see them lying dead all along the route.” He thought it “perfectly” proper that all captured blacks be killed “as a matter of policy,” because it clarified the racial basis of the Southern struggle for independence.
Related Disunion Highlights Explore multimedia from the series and navigate through past posts, as well as photos and articles from the Times archive. See the Highlights »
It is impossible to establish precisely the extent of these killings. In the average Civil War battle the ratio of wounded to dead was 4.8 to one. For black troops at the Crater it was 1.8 to one. Engaged Confederate troops also suffered a two-to-one wounded-to-killed ratio; but those losses include the 278 killed by the mine explosion – an extraordinary loss, beyond what infantry combat could be expected to produce. Thus it seems likely that more than 200 blacks were killed after they had ceased fighting.
Most eyewitness accounts of the massacre were written by Confederates, who saw the killings as something to boast of, consonant with the values of Southern society. Yet at every rank and in every Confederate unit there were also men who were appalled by the murders. Ultimately, moral responsibility for the massacre rests on Confederate leaders, whose racial polemics and military instructions gave official sanction to the motives for massacre, and not those of mercy.
Follow Disunion at twitter.com/NYTcivilwar or join us on Facebook.
Sources: Richard Slotkin, “No Quarter: The Battle of the Crater, 1864”; Bryce Suderow, “The Battle of the Crater: The Civil War's Worst Massacre,” in Gregory J. W. Urwin, ed., “Black Flag Over Dixie”; Edward Porter Alexander, “Fighting for the Confederacy,” ed. by Gary W. Gallagher; George S. Burkhardt, “Confederate Rage, Yankee Wrath: No Quarter in the Civil War”; Peter S. Carmichael, “Lee's Young Artillerist: William R.J. Pegram”; Keith Wilson, ed., “Honor in Command: Lt. Freeman S. Bowley's Civil War Service in the 30th United States Colored Infantry.”
Richard Slotkin is the author of “No Quarter: The Battle of the Crater, 1864” and “Long Road to Antietam: How the Civil War Became a Revolution.” He is an emeritus professor of American studies at Wesleyan University.
EL SEGUNDO, CA — With the Los Angeles Kings having acquired two, top-six forwards this summer in center Mike Richards and left wing Simon Gagne, their top two lines appear to be set for the 2011-12 season.
Add to that the fact that the Kings have role players up front who are returning, it is safe to presume that all available positions on their forward lines have been filled, which means that, barring unforeseen circumstances, it is more than likely that there no available roster spots for any of their up-and-coming forward prospects.
Despite the astronomical odds against making it onto the Kings' opening night roster, two of their young prospects, centers Jordan Weal from the Regina Pats of the Western Hockey League and Tyler Toffoli from the Ottawa 67's of the Ontario Hockey League, have their sights set firmly on the National Hockey League for the 2011-12 season.
“I'm going to try and make the Kings,” said Weal, who was selected by the Kings in the third round (70th overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft. “I'm going to come [to Southern California] in the Fall, and give it all that I've got. If it doesn't work out, then I'll know that I've given it everything I can, and that I'll be that much better going back to Regina to help my team out there.”
“There's been tons of guys who've come into [an NHL training camp fresh out of junior hockey], kind of [coming] out of nowhere for the organization,” Weal added. “If you don't set your goals high, you're just going to come in lackadaisical. If I set my goals to make the team, maybe I get into a couple of exhibition games and get some experience there.”
A noble attitude for a young prospect, no doubt. But before the 5-10, 170-pound native of North Vancouver, British Columbia gets a real shot at making the big club, even he knows he has a long way to go. Nevertheless, he spoke of making significant progress last season.
“I'm a little more defensively responsible, actually, I'd say a lot more,” he noted. “Last year, I learned a lot about the game away from the puck, watching video and stuff like that with my coach. It was an area I definitely needed to work on, and I think I improved [in that area] dramatically.”
On the other side of the red line, quickness will be a factor in Weal's potential ascent to the NHL.
“Quickness, moving my feet in the offensive zone [are keys to his game], because it's a lot harder to hit a moving target than someone who's standing still,” said Weal. “If I keep my feet moving, and think the game a couple steps ahead of the other guys, I can stay on top of that and create chances.”
At his first Kings Development Camp in 2010, Weal, who is now 19 years old, was more than a bit surprised at the intensity of the physical training the team put their young charges through.
“The workouts…they're extremely tough,” Weal said at the time. “Working out at the next level is a whole new ball game. You've got to push yourself that much more. I was a little shocked at the first workout, at how hard it was and how hard it has been [during the camp].”
“The warm-ups we do for workouts are almost harder than the workouts themselves,” Weal added. “[Kings strength and conditioning coach] Tim Adams pushes us really hard.”
Weal, who scored 43 goals and added 53 assists for 96 points in 72 games with the Pats before getting a brief stint at the end of the season with the Manchester Monarchs of the American Hockey League (Kings' primary minor league affiliate), where he played in seven regular season games, recording one assist, was not going to be caught off guard this time around.
“I'm a little more prepared this year,” said Weal, who will play for new Regina head coach and former Kings center Pat Conacher. “[The workouts have] been going really well. I'm just in the middle of training. It's all about eating for me. If I eat enough, I can put on the pounds. But with that weight, I've got to keep my speed and my quickness, because that's a big strength of mine. If I can do that, I'll be successful.”
“You have to keep working hard because the ultimate goal is getting to the NHL—getting to the next level.”
Like Weal, Toffoli, 19, had a huge 2010-11 season, scoring 57 goals and contributing 51 assists for 108 points in 68 regular seasons games for the 67's, leading the OHL in goals and overall scoring. He also scored three goals and added five assists for eight points in four playoff games.
Toffoli topped his 2010-11 numbers by a wide margin, adding twenty more goals and nine more assists.
“I think, as the season went on, I just wanted to get more and more,” said the 6-0, 181-pound native of Scarborough, Ontario. “I went into the season wanting to get more than 37, which I had the year before. I beat that, and, if I go back, my goal is going to be [to beat] 57.”
After being criticized for his lack of attention to conditioning the previous year, Toffoli took that criticism to heart last season, and the results speak for themselves.
“I think [the big improvement in his numbers is] just from being in better shape,” he said. “That's all it was. In my second year of junior, I wasn't in the best shape, but I still did pretty well. I just want to get myself into better shape. That's what I need to improve on.”
“[The Kings] knew that I knew what I had to work on,” he added. “It was pretty simple—to workout, work on my skating, and just improve my whole game. I scored a lot of goals last year, but there's always room for improvement—work on my shot, work on anything that I can.”
Indeed, Toffoli, who was selected by the Kings in the second round (47th overall) of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft, was likely still available when the 47th overall pick came around because of his sub-par physical conditioning.
“Tyler Toffoli—you'll have to wait to see how things play out, but the knock on this kid was that he hadn't started to take his conditioning as seriously as he could,” said Michael Futa, Kings Co-Director of Amateur Scouting, following the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Kings head coach Terry Murray has taken notice of Toffoli's improvement, especially in terms of his physical conditioning.
“[I saw] a big difference from last year,” said Murray. “I'm seeing a player who's dedicated himself to getting in better shape. We're seeing a guy who's got a high-end skill level. He's a big goal scorer. He won the scoring [title] in the Ontario Hockey League, now he's playing the pace of the game for the sixty minutes, and on both sides of the puck. He's really working hard to do the right things without [the puck], so he can get it back on his stick and attack.”
“I just like the commitment he's shown with his dedication over the last year,” added Murray. “He's starting to emerge. He's starting to become a guy who's going to be what you, hopefully, want him to be, in [terms of] scoring, and being able to play at the pro level and the high pace.”
Like Weal, Toffoli was called up to Manchester at the end of his OHL season, scoring a goal in one regular season game. But while Weal sat on the sidelines during the AHL playoffs, Toffoli played in five games, scoring a goal.
“I finished my season [with the Monarchs] after my junior team got knocked out of the playoffs,” Toffoli noted. “It was a huge experience. I just went in there, hoping for the best. I got a lot of opportunities, and it was a lot of fun. The guys were really nice to me, coming in so late in the season. They let me step right in and play my game.”
Toffoli certainly noticed the difference between junior hockey and the AHL.
“The overall skill, the bigger guys [were a bit of an eye-opener],” said Toffoli. “It was pretty much the same step I took going into junior hockey [from lower levels].”
Last season, Toffoli was not on the invitation list for Hockey Canada's evaluation camp for their 2010 World Junior team, but he used that snub as motivation.
“As soon as I didn't get the invite to the main camp, I really stepped up my game,” he noted. “I tried to prove them wrong. Going back to junior next year, hopefully, I can make the team.”
Toffoli is already a step closer towards that end, as he is currently participating in Hockey Canada's National Junior Team Summer Development Camp in Edmonton and Fort McMurray, Alberta, which concludes on August 7.
Although Toffoli is working hard towards making Canada's World Junior squad, like Weal, he has loftier goals in mind.
“I want to make the [Kings opening night roster],” Toffoli emphasized. “I'm going to work my hardest the rest of the summer, get myself into shape, and do everything possible I can play for the Kings.”
“You just want to come in here and show the progress you've been making,” Toffoli added. “You had to work as hard as you could, and come in here in the best shape possible to show that you're really working hard. Then, you can come into the main camp and [make an even greater] impression.”
“The NHL isn't just skill. The best guys in the league are the hardest workers. You look at a guy like [Sidney] Crosby. He's probably the hardest worker in the league, and he's the best player. You just want to work as hard as you can, and make as much of an impression as you can. You just want to keep getter better as the years go by.”
Related Stories:
Frozen Royalty by Gann Matsuda is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License. You may copy, distribute and/or transmit any story or audio content published on this site under the terms of this license, but only if proper attribution is indicated. The full name of the author and a link back to the original article on this site are required. Photographs, graphic images, and other content not specified are subject to additional restrictions. Additional information is available at: Frozen Royalty – Licensing and Copyright Information.
Frozen Royalty's Comment Policies
During the Second World War, the U.S. Armed Forces suffered 1,077,245 military casualties. A total of 405,399 military personnel lost their lives, 291,557 in battle and 113,842 because of disease or other causes. Additionally, 671,846 military personnel suffered non-fatal wounds. The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) estimated that between 1942 and 1945 some 8,931,900 industrial accidents occurred on the home front. These industrial accidents resulted in deaths, permanent total disabilities, permanent partial disabilities, and temporary total disabilities. This BLS estimate drew on a comprehensive survey of manufacturing, small sample studies of construction industry, data from the Bureau of Mines and the Interstate Commerce Commission, and fragmentary data on agricultural employment. The figure 8 to 1 draws on the BLS's estimates of disabling industrial accidents and total military casualties. While far more military personnel died during the war than civilians in industrial accidents on home front (the BLS estimated that there were 75,400 deadly or permanently totally disabling accidents between 1942 and 1945), American industry claimed more total casualties than the war.
Military and industrial statistics were drawn from: Scott Sigmund Gartner, “Military personnel and casualties, by war and branch of service: 1775–1991,” Table Ed1-5 in Historical Statistics of the United States, The Earliest Times to the Present: Millennial Edition, eds. Susan B. Carter, Scott Sigmund Gartner, Michael R. Haines, Alan L. Olmstead, Richard Sutch, and Gavin Wright (New York: Cambridge University Press, 2006); “Estimated Number of Disabling Industrial Injuries, By Major Industry Group: 1942 to 1946,” in Statistical Abstract of the United States, 1947 (Washington: G.P.O., 1947), 216.
For a full list of sources used in this MultiMedia History, please see our Credits and Sources page.
Former The Walking Dead showrunner Glen Mazzara said today that if you want to know why he suddenly lost his job on the hit show last year, he's not your guy. “When people involved with the show are looking at the long-term plan, you know, they want something different. And what those differences are, you'd have to ask AMC,” he said Tuesday during a session at NATPE. Mazzara exited Walking Dead in December when AMC renewed the breakout series for a fourth season. “I was a hired gun coming in to support the creator of the show and, through odd circumstances, I ended up becoming the showrunner. I was just glad that I was able to contribute and not mess up the show, I see that as a win,” he added to laughs from the crowd. Earlier this month, Walking Dead supervising producer Scott Gimple was announced as Mazzara's replacement. Mazzara was appearing on a panel in Miami with Lost co-creator/showrunner Damon Lindelof on the second day of the conference. The second part of The Walking Dead's third season starts February 10.
Related: Kurt Sutter Slams “Small Minded” AMC Over ‘Walking Dead' Showrunner Exit
The departure of Mazzara, who replaced original showrunner/creator Frank Darabont in the show's second season, was said to have occurred under duress from Walking Dead executive producer Robert Kirkman, on whose comic series the TV show is based. While not naming names, Mazzara touched on the conflict on the panel. “When you are the creator you can say this is what the show is. I didn't create the show, I didn't create the comic book so I was just glad I was able to contribute,” said Mazzara, who also called Darabont's sudden departure a “crisis.” Lindelof chimed in about the backstage machinations that showrunners have to deal with. “I don't know what the climate's like at that show or at AMC, there's different culture at every network. But I do think that there's a bit of misconception in that if a show is doing very very well that there's a laissez faire attitude about ‘well, they must be doing something right so we're going to leave them alone,'” said the Prometheus and Star Trek Into Darkness co-author.
Lindelof got a big laugh out of the panel's audience when he talked about the changes that occurred when Lost premiered to big ratings on ABC back in September 2004. “Suddenly there were seven executives I'd never met before and it was more like ‘Oh my God, don't f*** it up!'” he said. “We're on the creative side of it but it's a business. And the most expensive thing you can do on a television show is produce three seasons of it and get cancelled,” Lindelof added. Mazzara nodded in agreement.
Published: Tuesday, June 27, 2017 @ 4:27 PM
Local health officials are warning those in the Miami Valley of a dangerous drug combination, marijuana laced with fentanyl.
“The dealers are savvy and know how to get young people involved in drugs,” said Ann Stevens, spokesperson for Montgomery County Alcohol, Drug and Mental Health Services. “Anytime there is a synthetic in any street drug it becomes dangerous.”
Fentanyl has led to numerous fatal drug overdoses in the Miami Valley and while health officials are warning of its mixture with marijuana, local law enforcement said they have not had any confirmed cases.
RELATED: Task force seizes 66 pounds of heroin, fentanyl, marijuana in raids
Area police said they are continuing to be on the lookout as the areas highway systems often provide ways for drugs dealers to enter communities.
“I just don't think it is something to joke about. I think it is very serious,” said Fabrizzio Arenas, a Dayton resident who said she recently lost friends due to the opiod epidemic.
RELATED: Officer's overdose leads to public health warning
Stevens said the new mixture is all the more reason for parents to keep close watch over their child's behavior.
“They really need to look deeper into their child's behavior,” Stevens said. “You may not think your child is doing drugs, but you'd be surprised.”
Welcome to Thursday and another roundup of apps. Oddly, iOS really upped its app game this week with lots of must-have apps and additions. Android came in with a few but not nearly as many. But Windows Phone might have been the biggest winner with new software from Microsoft. Let's take a look, shall we?
Android
Advertisement
This may be the weirdest alarm clock app I've ever seen—and I've seen some weird ones. The way it works is this app will not turn off until you take a selfie. Yeah. If there's one single moment in the day that I don't want to take a selfie is definitely right when I wake up. The alarm will not turn off until the app detects your face, so if you're a notoriously impossible person to get out of bed, Snap Me Up just might be the annoying alarm you've been looking for. [Free]
BitTorrent's Bleep is a lot like other chat apps out there, except for one major feature called Whisper. Unlike the app Whisper, which revels in anonymity, this is still like a normal chat, but as soon as a message is seen, it's blurred out on your screen (as shown). Need to send some embarrassing tidbit of info but don't like it having a long digital memory, then just send as a whisper. Pretty convenient if you've got a lot of secrets to keep. [Free (also available for iOS)]
Advertisement
iOS
Advertisement
Powered by OpenSignal, Wifimapper is baaaasically exactly what it sounds like. The app will show you nearby spots with wifi and how reliable the connection is so you can save on all that precious data. [Free]
Meet is a wonderful addition from the creators of Sunrise (that totally awesome calendar app) that's actually a keyboard that makes scheduling meetings even easier. The keyboard is built in the app, so just select it when you need to check your calendar. Press the little red calendar and you go into a kind of split-screen mode where you can add event details whether in email or text. It's not a whole new app, no. But it is a convincing reason to give Sunrise a try if you haven't already. [Free]
Advertisement
Say what you want about Tinder, and other apps of that ilk, but at least they're able to sit two people down at the same table that probably would've never met each other in the first place. But does it always have to have the pressure of a date hanging over it? Wiith doesn't think so, which is basically Tinder but for finding friends. Moving to a new city can be tough, maybe Wiith can make it less so. [Free]
Advertisement
Windows Phone
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Taking some fast-paced timelapses is fun in theory until you stitch it together and it's a completely jerky nightmare that could induce bouts of nausea. Microsoft's new Hyperlapse Mobile app, available for Windows Phone (and Android in Preview), takes that video and makes it actually watchable. Just the tech behind the app is incredibly impressive and has been a long journey to pack it into a consumer friendly application. Now you don't have to inflict a shaking timelapse on friends and family ever again. [Free]
Advertisement
N7Player is a popular Android music players that's finally made its way to Windows Phone. The app does everything you'd want in a music player and can pretty much play any file format you can throw at it. The N7Player is also well designed and blends in effortlessly with Windows 8.1. If you've got some music that needs playing, N7Player may be your best bet to do just that. [Free]
Contact the author at darren.orf@gizmodo.com.
Let's expound on the difference between Richard Marosi, Los Angeles Times reporter, acting as a government watchdog, and Miguel Figueroa, a lampshade maker, trying to do the same thing. Consider the task of getting the credit card bills that document graft in Lynwood. They are public records: state law mandates that the city turn them over to anyone who asks.
But a newspaper reporter has the time a lampshade maker doesn't to go down to city hall during business hours; if the City Clerk wants to charge for photocopies, the reporter can expense it to the newspaper, whereas the lampshade maker pays out of pocket; should the City Clerk refuses to hand over the documents, the reporter can have an attorney at the newspaper draft a convincing letter, and write an article in the newspaper hammering the city for breaking the law; should the city clerk dally further, the reporter can have an LA Times attorney sue the city, and write another scathing story; and if the lawsuit drags on, he can stick it out, though that is seldom necessary, because when your legal adversary is correct on the merits, buys ink by the barrel, and demonstrates a willingness to stick things out, you rarely put them to the test.
Miguel Figueroa did far more than most Southern California residents ever would merely by pursuing the matter -- it took him two years to get the credit card records. What did he do next? He called Richard Marosi, who launched an investigation, documenting enough abuses to sell his editors on a front page story, and creating enough of a public stir to take on the crooks in Lynwood. What would have happened if there weren't any LA Times reporter assigned to that beat?
Many of you readers have no doubt heard the news that A.H. Belo, the parent company of TDMN, is going to lay off 500 (more) employees sometime soon. No telling how many that'll take out of our newsroom. At this point, I think most of us are numb to it. Everybody has a theory about what newspaper management ought to be doing, and how if management just did what they would do, we wouldn't be in this mess. Or rather, theyto have a theory. But you know, if you're even halfway paying attention to the newspaper business, you see that everybody's in serious trouble, no matter what they do. Among my political and cultural tribe, there's a general feeling that newspapers are too liberal for their audience, and have turned off readers by their politics, and their cultural politics. No doubt there's some truth to that, but how then do you account for the fact that liberal newspapers serving liberal cities are in as much trouble as anybody else?No, this is a structural change. I'm to the point now where to get angry about this is about as useful as getting angry at the tide for coming in. Still, I wonder if all the people who are cheering for the demise of newspapers and print media, claiming that we deserve oblivion for our sins and failings, really understand what kind of world they're going to get when we're gone, or only shadows of our former selves. Conor Friedersdorf used to work as a reporter for a small paper in southern California, and has watched as the Los Angeles Times, whose parent company declared bankruptcy last year, has withered rapidly on the vine, leaving many small communities without anyone to watchdog government. He writes here about what crooked public servants and other bad guys can get away with when there are no professional journalists around watchdogging them. You think bloggers can replace newspapers? Well, Conor just lost his job as a writer at Culture11.com in Washington, which ran out of money, so that model is very shaky. And as for unpaid citizen bloggers? Check this out from Conor's piece:I don't know where our industry is going, but I really do believe that as go newspapers, so goes democracy. That doesn't mean we'll lose the vote, understand. It does mean that it will be easier than ever for our votes to be manipulated. I remember once having a frustrating conversation with a friend whose husband was serving overseas in a war zone. She never read the newspaper, and kind of prided herself on keeping her mind free of all the unpleasant stuff in its pages. I tried to explain to her that the stuff that ends up in the newspaper is stuff that directly affects her life -- that, for example, the war debates that went on in Washington, which she didn't follow in the paper because she didn't read the paper, resulted eventually in her husband being sent into a war zone.The conversation was frustrating to me because she didn't get it, and wasn't going to get it. She, an educated person, had decided that newspapers were irrelevant to her life, and that was that. I don't have conversations like that anymore, because I see that of the vanishing number of people who think it important to keep up with the news in the first place, more and more of them get their news from online. And as more newspapers dwindle and fold, who do they think is going to go to the sewer board meeting and write a reliable account of what happened, so they can get it in whatever medium? If you didn't have Kent Fischer and Tawnell Hobbs to go to DISD board meetings, and to pore through public records trying to keep public school officials honest, who would?Sorry to go on about this. These are bad times, and I don't know what the world is going to look like for us journalists when it's over.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201608/1281/1155968404_5088582091001_5088568128001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true New Trump manager: We want him to be 'comfortable about being in his own skin'
Donald Trump needs to be "comfortable about being in his own skin" while his team fine-tunes its messaging, the Republican nominee's new campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said Thursday.
"So I think we're going to sharpen the message. And we're going to make sure Donald Trump is comfortable about being in his own skin, that he doesn't lose that authenticity that you simply can't buy and a pollster can't give you," said Conway, who previously served as Trump's chief pollster and strategist, during a discussion on CNN's "New Day." "And voters know if you're comfortable in your own skin."
Story Continued Below
Conway added that the campaign would let Trump be Trump in the sense that if the candidate "wants to deliver the speech, if he wants to go to a rally, if he wants to connect with the crowd in a way that's very spontaneous, that's wonderful."
"And that's how he got here. That's how he became the nominee in large part," Conway remarked. "But at the same time, we have some really serious, pressing problems in this country that I'm hoping will start to be addressed more by the media."
Trump will continue to give policy speeches, such as the addresses delivered earlier this week on counterterrorism and security.
"Next week is immigration week followed by education week. And we're really excited about that," said Conway, who also dismissed criticism of Trump's new campaign CEO, Stephen Bannon, taking a leave of absence from running Breitbart News.
CNN's Alisyn Camerota read off a string of inflammatory headlines run by Bannon's website. Conway acknowledged that that she has not read "those stories," but called Bannon a "brilliant tactician."
"He has a long history of, I think, being unafraid," Conway said. "I'll tell you what Donald Trump needs. He needs people who are like him in this sense: You have to be unapologetically, unflinchingly unafraid of Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton and all that Clinton campaign means. Because we feel like we're up against a major machine here. And we -- you know, you need people girded for battle, who are at least willing to leave it all on the field, give it our best shot."
I am a compulsive developer.
Matt McFarland Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 21, 2016
DISCLAIMER: This post does not describe or answer the question, “What is a good developer?” — Don't mistake this article for describing what a good developer is.
This post is about my personal thoughts regarding my life as a compulsive developer. First I am going to explain the context and what my definition of “compulsive developer” is. Please note that hereafter I'll refer to “compulsive developer” simply as “compulsive” for brevity. Then I will outline what I think is really good about being a compulsive developer, and I'll wrap this up with what I think is not so good about it. I'll also be writing the rest of this in the 2nd person, using the word “you” instead. Let me know if that bothers you, so I can write better in the future :)
So what is a compulsive developer?
So to answer this, I'll describe the traits of what I believe to be the key markers of being a compulsive developer. Keep in mind that you can have any or all of these traits, but if you have these traits for years then like myself, you may be a compulsive developer.
You have the urgency and are compelled to build things not as a means to an end — but for the very act of building and solving problems itself.
You don't feel like you get enough done. Another key factor is that despite all of the time you spend building things, despite all of the prototypes and all of the problems you've solved, it is not enough. And honestly, you probably can concede easily to the statement that it is “never enough”
What is really good about being a compulsive developer
Many will consider you to be “very” productive. This can easily give you some description by others as someone who “gets shit done” — whether or not it is “good shit” is a whole different story. I can say that from personal experience I've made more “bad shit” than “good”
You may have a lot of stamina with cognitive load. All of those hours and extra nights with you staying up late solving problems probably has paid off. I won't say that you have more stamina than those who are not compulsive, but if you have been following your compulsions for years, and even decades — chances are that you have a lot of stamina.
You really enjoy it. Maybe too much. When the tasks are good, man you love your job! We'll talk more about this later (when the tasks are bad)
What is not so good about being a compulsive developer
Some people might say that you're the type of person who gets s*** done, but you don't feel like you're building enough.
Your health suffers — if you feel compelled to do something, no matter what it is, for an extended period of time chances are that you will be or have been neglecting other things that may be more important.
Family / Relationships suffer — All the extra time feeding the compulsive desire to build things can easily bleed past time with your family and those you love, which compounded over time could be far more painful than not “feeding the beast”
This line of work involves a lot more than just building things — standups, meetings, social relationships, et all, those things are harder for those who feel compelled to build. They feel like distractions, despite that they aren't (not always) — If you are in a position where the distractions are many, you will not like your job. If you are given a lot of “boring” tasks, you will also not like your job. Anything keeping you from that rush of building something awesome is going to make you feel a little held back. Despite the fact that it might just be all in your head.
Another thing is you probably don't feel like a productive person. You may have that nagging feeling that you just didn't have enough time today, or you don't have enough time to get X done, and that might cause you some stress and negatively impact your professional and personal life.
So theres my thoughts about this subject, and honestly I feel a lot better bringing this up. I don't want to say that its all good or all bad, but I do want to say that this is who I am, where I am at, and I know I'm not alone.
Three Heavy Duty Workhorses Put to the Test
Automakers love to play the numbers game, especially when it comes to big trucks. A recent spat between Ram and Ford saw both companies claiming the “best-in-class” towing title for their respective heavy-duty pickups like kids in a sandbox arguing over who has the better castle.
Sure, specifications are important, but they only tell a part of the story. And in the case of heavy-duty trucks, they only tell a fraction of the story. The common thought is higher numbers equal better performance, but the key and really the most important consideration to any heavy hauler is what it actually feels like when you're towing. There is nothing worse than 20,000 pounds – or more – of steel rolling down the road feeling like it's out of control.
SEE ALSO: Ford, Ram Fight Over HD Truck Tow Ratings
In partnership with the Canadian Truck King Challenge, we tested each of the big three HD pickup trucks for 2015. To be clear, it wasn't an empty parking lot test that consisted of deciding which truck has the best cup holders. We loaded roughly 4,000 lbs of shingles into the bed of each truck the first day, while the second day consisted of pulling 15,000-pound fifth wheels and a full day of driving. We also had fuel economy loggers hooked into the ODB II port for the entirety of the testing to see exactly how much diesel it takes to get the job done.
But the real fun took place at the drag strip. Yes, you read that right: drag strip! We sent each of these trucks down the drag strip, trailers in tow, to get the real story on acceleration. And the results may surprise you, so read on to see how each truck fared.
1 of 4
A 14-year-boy among the first child migrants to arrive in Britain from Calais has told Sky News about the struggles he faced living there.
Aemal Khan arrived on Monday where he was reunited with his older brother Asif who he had not seen in a decade.
"It was a great moment, when I saw him after a long time, more than 10 years," said Asif, a 25-year-old chef who has been living in the UK for 11 years.
"When I met him I hugged him and kissed him, he was so small when I saw him before. He's changed a lot, but brothers, if you see him after 20 years you can recognise."
Hopes dashed for some Calais camp minors
Eight months ago Aemal fled Afghanistan and followed his brother to the UK - it was a journey he made alone.
:: Court rejects request to delay 'Jungle' migrant camp demolition in Calais
He has spent the past five months stranded in Calais' 'Jungle' migrant camp, despite having a right of residence with family in Britain.
During an emotional interview, he said: "Sometimes I missed mum, sometimes I cried as I was not with my family; no parents. I missed my mum."
It was a drawn-out process to get him to Britain, but fortunately his brother had documentation to support his story.
Aemal was one of 14 unaccompanied youngsters the Home Office bussed-in to Croydon. His only belongings were the clothes he wore.
First 'Jungle' camp minors arrive in UK
However, his reunion with his brother will be short-lived as authorities plan to put him into foster care. For now, he has a simple wish - to go to school and get an education.
The Government says it will resettle 3,000 refugee children but with such slow action and the camp due to be dismantled within weeks, the future for many youngsters still stuck there is uncertain.
Officials from the Home Office are spending the coming week at the camp in Calais, attempting to identify further unaccompanied minors who are eligible to come to the UK.
The French authorities were due to begin dismantling the settlement this week but have delayed the process, partly to allow for the UK to identify youngsters eligible to come here.
Fourteen children arrive in UK from Calais 'Jungle'
Under EU legislation, known as the Dublin Regulation, any asylum seeker who is under 18, unaccompanied and who has a parent, sibling or grandparent in the UK is entitled to be reunited with their family.
Under separate UK legislation known as the Dubbs Amendment, the British Government has also pledged to take in some unaccompanied minors who do not have relations in the UK.
The challenge for Home Office officials now is to identity those eligible - a process fraught with complications. Most of the minors are not young children but teenagers - 15, 16 and 17-year-olds, many without passports or other forms of ID.
Proving their age, that they are travelling alone and the existence of relatives in the UK is extremely hard.
Posted by Andy, under EXTERNAL USE ONLY
When I was about ten, I created a home-made pair of nunchucks. I sawed a broomstick into two short kid-ninja-sized handles and then, using screws, attached them together with a short chain. After about five minutes of practicing, I was certain that the authentic Japanese word nunchaku must have been defined as “self-inflicted head trauma.” Ten minutes more, I conceded that it my have also meant shin or testicle trauma.
Allegedly these boys is THREE YEARS OLD. I don't believe it. Not for one ninja second! He can't be a day under sixty as far as I'm concerned. From my experience, he'd need at least that many decades to get that good. He's just aged really friggin' well.
–
Follow us on Facebook. There are ninjas on our page. You just can't see them.
Ninja Parenting Lessons
Learn the ancient martial art of parenting from the masters. Ninjas.
In Frank Waters 's writings on Hopi mythology , the Blue Star Kachina or Saquasohuh , is a kachina or spirit, that will signify the coming of the beginning of the new world by appearing in the form of a blue star. The Blue Star Kachina is said to be the ninth and final sign before the "Day of Purification", described as a catastrophe or a "world engulfing cataclysm" that will lead to the purification of planet Earth. [1] . Author Jason Colavito investigated this prophecy and found no reference to it before the late twentieth century [2] .
According to Hopi legend as reported by writer Frank Waters,[3] at the beginning of time Taiowa, the Creator, created his nephew, Sótuknang, to construct places for life. Out of the nothingness, Sótuknang created nine universes or worlds: one for Taiowa, one for himself, and seven others for additional life.[4] The first three of these worlds, Tokpela, Tokpa and Kuskurza have already been inhabited and subsequently destroyed due to the corruption and wickedness of man. Each time one of the worlds is destroyed, the faithful Hopi are taken underground and saved from destruction to later emerge and populate the next world. According to Waters' books, which were written in the 1960s, Hopis believe that humanity is currently residing in the fourth world, Túwaqachi. Like the previous worlds, Túwaqachi is also prophesied to be destroyed because of the corruption of humanity.[5]
The final sign Edit
The ninth and final sign of destruction is described by White Feather as, "You will hear of a dwelling-place in the heavens, above the earth, that shall fall with a great crash. It will appear as a blue star. Very soon after this, the ceremonies of my people will cease.".[citation needed] This idea of the Blue Star Kachina marking the end of all Hopi rituals is reflected in Waters' book, Book of the Hopi, in which he states, "The end of all Hopi ceremonialism will come when a kachina removes his mask during a dance in the plaza before uninitiated children.[6]" This absence of Hopi ceremonialism will coincide with the destruction of the Fourth World. Waters suggested that World War III will begin and the United States will be ripped apart by war, leaving only the Hopis and their homeland intact. The war of the end of the world is described by Waters as "a spiritual conflict with material matters [6]".
According to Hopi prophecy (as reported by Waters), shortly after the Blue Star Kachina is visible to all and the Day of Purification is realized, the True White Brother will come to earth in search of Hopi "who steadfastly adhere to their ancient teachings."[7] It is said that if the True White Brother fails in his mission and is unable to find uncorrupted men and women, that the earth will be completely destroyed and none will be spared.[7] However, if successful in bringing the symbols and finding those who still follow the true Hopi way of life, the world will be created anew and all the faithful will be saved from destruction.
Senior Religious Zionism rabbis have stated that some alternative medicine methods are "based on idolatry".
The religious leaders are calling on the public not to turn to holistic therapy or seek studies in that field without thoroughly examining the nature of the treatments through a person with knowledge in Halacha and medicine.
Common Issue 78% of Israelis suffer from back pains Ynet New survey reveals most adults favor alternative medicine when dealing with backaches 78% of Israelis suffer from back pains
According to the rabbis' manifesto, which was first published on the Kipa website, "In recent years there is a growing phenomenon of turning to alternative medicine and different holistic treatments.
"Without taking a stand on the efficiency of the various types of these treatments, we thought it right to warn that some of them involve elements studied in different idolatrous sects. Therefore, each method must be examined individually by a person proficient in the medical field and halachic field."
The letter was signed by six senior rabbis from the Religious Zionism movement: Haim Drukman, Dov Lior, Yaakov Ariel, Elyakim Levanon, Shmuel Eliyahu and Yehoshua Shapira.
They also warned that the training institute must be thoroughly examined, as there is fear of modesty violations in such studies and students must practice "the utmost caution".
WASHINGTON -- As the Obama administration readies plans for U.S. offices in Afghanistan, it's not just national office-holders who are demanding an expedited drawdown.
On Friday, the U.S. Conference of Mayors will introduce a resolution calling for a quicker end to the war and a speedier withdrawal of troops. If it passes -- a vote will come on Monday -- it will be the first time the body has formally called for an end to an military engagement since Vietnam.
The mayors' formal address of the conflict -- which is still being debated, politically, at the federal level -- illustrates how widespread skepticism about Afghanistan has become.
Just this week, several top candidates in the Republican presidential field raised serious concerns over the sustainability of current troop levels. On Wednesday, 27 senators signed a letter to the president pressing him for a new strategy and a major troop drawdown.
Unlike senators, mayors have no power of the purse. Nor do any of them currently aspire to serve in the role of commander-in-chief. But the resolution that they are set to consider still serves as a reflection of the current mood with respect to Afghanistan and Iraq.
For starters, opponents of the war remain largely Democratic. The signatories of the pending resolution include more than a dozen Democratic mayors of mid-to-large cities -- Dave Norris of Charlottesville, Va.; David Coss of Santa Fe, N.M.; R.T. Rybak of Minneapolis, Minn.; and Carolyn Peterson of Ithaca, N.Y.
The basis of the mayors' objections is not strictly the morality or strategic basis of the war, but the price tag. The resolution's first clause references the "severity of the ongoing economic crisis" and "budget shortfalls at all levels of government" as reasons to "re-examine our national spending priorities." The second clause notes that Iraq and Afghanistan are costing the country approximately $126 billion dollars per year. It is not until the third clause that the authors point to the wars' casualties. They conclude with a plea for Congress to "bring these war dollars home to meet vital human needs."
"As mayors, we recognize there is an absurdly false choice being put to Americans that we somehow have to pick between all the priorities we care deeply about but can't touch massive spending on the military," said Rybak. "There is this rationale that defense spending trickles down to domestic priorities. That is true. I'm happy that the space program developed Tang but that does not mean that's the end result we should be going for."
There is only a limited sense about the resolution's prospects for success. But its supporters suggest that many members will be influenced by the overt national trends.
"I've been active in politics for many years in a number of different roles," Joseph C. O'Brien, the Mayor of Worcester and a co-sponsor of the resolution, told The Huffington Post. "Nationally, the tide is turning on support for interventions abroad, whether Afghanistan or Iraq. ... We are spending a billion a month after Osama bin Laden has been killed. And while I appreciate the effort to rebuild nations around the world, we have tremendous needs in communities like mine."
In order to pass, the resolution would have to go through the U.S. Conference of Mayors' Metro Economies Policy Committee first before heading to the full body for a vote.
That process is similar to what happened in front of the conference 40 years ago. Then meeting in Philadelphia, a group of mayors urged colleagues to go on record as supporting the federal amendment calling for President Nixon to withdraw all American forces from Vietnam in a matter of months. New York City mayor John Lindsay requested that the group invite a veteran of the war, one John Kerry, to speak before the plenary session. Nixon insisted that Vietnam Veterans for a Just Peace's John O'Neill be invited to argue the other side. The debate and subsequent passage of the resolution earned a photo on the first page of The New York Times the following day.
It would be a Christmas-come-early gift for war protesters to get that type of press this go-around. Popular dissatisfaction with Afghanistan hasn't registered as it did with Vietnam. And while there are a determined number of mayors who feel committed to seeing the resolution through, even they aren't certain about its chances for success.
"I couldn't tell you whether it will pass or not," said Rybak. "Sometimes issues that start small in our group make a great deal of difference globally."
READ THE FULL RESOLUTION:
VANCOUVER, Wash. - A man accused of causing a panic at a family fun center by carrying a semi-automatic rifle while walking nearby says he's on a Second Amendment mission to educate the public about gun rights.
Mack Worley was arrested Saturday night in Southeast Vancouver. Police said he crossed the line when he decided to openly carry his gun on private property.
"I was breaking no law and I was arrested for trespassing on a public sidewalk," said Worley. "Whether or not you agree with open carry of a firearm or not, it's not illegal."
Tuesday morning, Worley pleaded not guilty to a charge of trespassing with a weapon capable of producing bodily harm. Police said he first went to a Burgerville restaurant with a rifle slung over his shoulder. An employee called 911.
Vancouver police spokeswoman Kim Kapp said a security guard told Worley to leave and called police when he didn't.
By the time police arrived, Kapp said Worley had walked to a firework stand in the Big Al's parking lot. Employees closed the stand because they were worried about what Worley was up to. An employee at Big Al's called 911 while the business went into lockdown.
Coffee barista Dominick Harris watched as panicked parents grabbed their children and ran into the restaurant while police officers swarmed around Worley.
"I saw this guy underneath this tree over there with hands up," Harris said.
Officers took Worley's rifle but returned it after they determined it was not stolen. Police said Worley was on private property, and when they stopped him they told him Big Al's has a no-weapons policy unless the gun owner has a concealed weapon permit.
Worley refused to leave, according to police.
"If the public is afraid, that's not my fault. I don't control their point of view," Worley said. "In fact, I welcome it. I welcome and encourage a debate on the subject. I am not responsible for their fear."
Legal gun owners in Washington and Oregon can carry a rifle on their shoulder or a pistol in a visible holster without a special permit on public property. If you're on private property, the owner makes the rules and can ask you to leave.
It is against the law to point the gun at someone or threaten someone in any way.
"People are concerned about weapons right now and people are afraid, and that's understandable," Worley said. "I'm trying to show people that it is not illegal and that it's OK to carry a gun."
Beaverton open carry case
In a separate incident Monday night, Beaverton police officers detained Ryan Davis along Scholls Ferry Road after they said he was holding a pump-action shotgun.
Beaverton police spokesman Jim Shumway said Davis was wearing full camouflage gear and carrying the gun in the "low ready position." When police officers arrived at the scene, Davis put a round in the chamber, Shumway said.
As officers detained him, Davis said he was "practicing his second amendment rights." He was eventually released.
In an email to KATU, Davis said "They placed me in hand cuffs and took my weapon and then took my ID without my consent and threatened to arrest me for disorderly conduct."
"What are we supposed to do if we see a guy walking down the street with a gun?" Shumway said. "This is an officer-involved shooting waiting to happen."
In a later email, Davis said after he had time to think the situation over, he concluded the police did the right thing.
"The members of the Beaverton Police Department approached the situation with care and consideration for both my safety and the safety of the public," he wrote. "I did not take into account, given recent events across the country, that this could cause public concern and require the Beaverton Police Department to investigate."
It was the era of the nightclub, a time when dance music took hold in the UK. But the young British Asians who came of age during the 1980s and 1990s had, on the whole, conservative parents who disapproved of their children going to sweaty nightclubs, getting drunk and hooking up with the opposite sex.
Against this repressive backdrop, something new emerged that passed largely unnoticed by the mainstream: club events where thousands of young Asians would listen to music – bhangra mainly – performed by bands and later played by DJs. These events took place not at night but during the afternoon, when those kids were thought to be at college, school or the library. And so they were christened daytimers.
"They were a national phenomenon," says Rajinder Dudrah, author of Bhangra: Birmingham and Beyond. "In Nottingham, Bradford, London, Manchester, Birmingham and Luton, kids were getting on buses to go to a club where there would be 2,000 Asians dancing away. The trick was to arrive back spotless, as if nothing had happened, so you'd live to tell the tale."
Rav, a DJ and radio broadcaster with music collective Punjabi Hit Squad, attended and later performed at daytimers in London. "You'd tell your parents you were staying late at school," he says. "Then you'd walk out with your uniform on, jump on a bus, pay £10, have a rave, and be home for 6pm."
Gursharanpal Singh Chana, better known today as the photographer and writer Boy Chana, was a teenager in Birmingham when he heard about daytimers. "They took place on Wednesday afternoons when colleges had free periods," he says. "We'd tell our parents we were off to class, but we were off to party." Ruby Begum, who grew up in London, would say she was heading to the library. "Asian girls had to keep their personalities hidden, but once we got inside that club we could be free."
This Saturday, the daytimer is back for one day only, at the Southbank Centre in London. The Radio 1 and BBC Asian Network DJ Nihal has curated the event as part of the centre's Alchemy festival, which celebrates art from the Indian subcontinent. The daytimer will be alcohol-free and boast halal food, with the focus on music, particularly the cream of what has been dubbed burban: brown urban music. Although the event will be attended by teenagers who may be unaware of the history of daytimers, it will perform a similar function: giving young Asians access to music they don't often get the opportunity to experience live. "It's a chance for them to see artists like Shizzio, Junai Kaden and Shide Boss," says Nihal. "They have a huge fanbase among young female Muslims who wouldn't ordinarily be able to go to gigs."
What caused the demise of the daytimer? Some say it was community disquiet, as elders realised what their children were up to. Others point to tensions between religious groups. According to Boy Chana, a Sikh group in Birmingham, unhappy with Sikh girls going to daytimers and dancing with Pakistani boys, would stand outside clubs filming those going in; the footage would be played inside local temples to warn them of what was happening.
Most of the boys and girls who attended daytimers are now married with children. They recall those days with affection – and guilt. "They were the best days of my life," says Rav. Yet Ruby Begum, now a successful married businesswoman, would only talk to me under that false name. "I don't want my parents to know that their nice Muslim daughter went to a daytimer," she says. "They were our little secret."
• This photograph with this article was removed on 12 November 2015 because it did not fairly represent the article.
This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase. All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative.
The links are powered by Skimlinks. By clicking on an affiliate link, you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set. More information.
Italy's center-right parties emerged as big winners in local runoff elections on Sunday, exit polls showed, dealing a blow to the center-left government ahead of national elections that must be held before next spring.
In the most-watched race in Genoa - controlled by the center-left for more than 50 years - a candidate backed by the anti-immigrant Northern League and Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia party looked set to get 54 percent of the vote.
In all, the center-right looked on track to win 16 of around 25 provincial capitals.
"The wind is blowing for the center-right from the north to the center to the south, this is an extraordinary victory," said Renato Brunetta, the lower house leader of Forza Italia.
The eurosceptic 5-Star Movement performed poorly in the June 11 first-round election and only made it to a run-off in one of the 25 largest races.
Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni's PD, led by former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, had hoped to get the support of 5-Star voters but looked set to win in only five of the major contests and lost control in 10 provincial capitals.
"We have clearly lost these elections," said the PD's lower house leader Ettore Rosato.
More than four million voters were eligible to vote in 110 municipalities where no candidate won more than 50 percent in the first-round election. Turn-out was only 47 percent.
National significance?
Local elections do not necessarily correspond to politics at the national level, where the 5-Star Movement and PD are neck-and-neck at about 30 percent support, according to polls. Forza Italia and the Northern League are at about 13 percent each, meaning they could present a challenge if they were to unite forces.
"It is clear the outcome is bad for both the PD and 5-Star but it is equally clear that the center-right can only do well if it is united," Wolfango Piccoli, a political risk analyst at Teneo Intelligence, told DW by email. "And the prospects of an alliance between Forza Italia and the Northern League in the general elections are slim."
Given low voter turnout, different electoral systems at the municipal level, and local issues dominating voter concerns, he added, it is hard to extrapolate Sunday's results to national elections.
National elections must be held by May 2018, but could be pushed forward to this autumn.
cw/jm (AP, Reuters)
Words By Chalmers Johnson
When I was a graduate student at Berkeley in the mid-1950s, my teachers included many brilliant refugees from Hitler's Germany. Sometimes, when we got to know them personally, we would ask them when they had bailed out. In some cases it was quite late. My professor Reinhard Bendix was a student at the University of Chicago in 1938 when his parents told him not to come home. Others left even later, some first heading to Cuba and others leaving only when it was almost too late.
My wife and I used to puzzle over these decisions (my wife herself had survived four years of Nazi occupation in Holland), and we toyed with constructing what we called a "Fascistograph"--a sort of checklist of social and political phenomena that might tell someone when to leave. I wish we had pursued our intellectual game more seriously, because I have the feeling that such a checklist might come in handy right now.
I see very little hope for America regardless of who is elected in November. All the candidates remaining in the race have said they will not "cut and run" in Iraq and Afghanistan. One may speculate that once in office, one or another candidate may be more flexible, but this is actually unlikely. The Republicans have swallowed both wars hook, line, and sinker, and the Democrats know that if they propose any sort of pullout they will be labeled "defeatists" and blamed for the miserable outcome. And, as many pundits have pointed out, the outcome is bound to be miserable either now or later. More civilians will be killed; more regions, tribes, or towns will turn to their own leaders--instead of to the elected national officials--for protection; more weapons will fuel whatever hatreds are being nursed against others in the region and most certainly against the United States. Isn't it ironic that we came to Iraq to "free" its people from a Sunni minority dictatorship, and we're now arming these same Sunnis against a Shiite majority? Isn't it ironic that the hated Taliban did a much better job of controlling the cultivation of opium poppies than the government we put in place in Kabul?
The disasters we've visited on the people of the Middle East are something for which we're ultimately responsible, much as blame for the Holocaust belongs to the Nazi regime and the Rape of Nanking to the wartime Japanese government. But I fear much worse is to come domestically. The lies of the Bush government that got us into these two wars, and the propaganda and public misinformation that continue to keep us there have had a corrosive effect on public trust. Many people no longer believe anything the government or the media tells them. So far this cynicism has not penetrated deeply into the ranks of the armed services. But I suspect that before long it will. As the wars drag on and the deployments stretch out, as the casualties continue with no end in sight, and as it becomes clear how poorly these casualties are cared for once they come home, our military--including the National Guard--will become demoralized and very angry. They should be angry for being used as they are; we should be angry for them.
In addition to our moral bankruptcy, there is fiscal bankruptcy. The Bush government talks about the burst housing bubble but says nothing about the obscene military budgets that are driving our entire economy deeper into debt. It will probably take a major financial crisis on par with the Great Depression to reorient our economy in a more productive direction. Unfortunately, I don't hear any viable candidate talking like FDR.
In short, I think our ship of state is heading for a mammoth iceberg. Just as many people in the 1930s Germany were, I'm too old to leave and will probably go down with the ship. But if I were younger, I would be thinking of bailing out. Vote, if you must, in November, but don't expect that things will change much, let alone get better.
Federal housing agency: Houston housing policies violate Civil Rights Act
Houston's procedures for approving a key form of low-income housing perpetuate segregation and violate the Civil Rights Act, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has found, also concluding that Mayor Sylvester Turner's rejection of a Galleria-area housing project was based on racially motivated opposition from neighborhood residents.
The federal housing agency's findings, detailed in a scathing 14-page letter sent Wednesday, fault the city for "blocking and deterring affordable housing proposals in integrated neighborhoods" and require Houston to implement a series of corrective actions.
Those remedies include: Providing the remaining construction costs for the mixed-income apartment complex at 2640 Fountain View, which Turner blocked in August, or else financing an alternative in a so-called "high opportunity" census tract; developing a formal policy to ensure the placement of tax credit housing does not maintain segregation; helping recipients of housing choice vouchers find homes in low-poverty neighborhoods; and establishing a local fair housing commission to diminish housing segregation.
"The city's refusal to issue a resolution of no objection for Fountain View was motivated either in whole or in part by the race, color, or national origin of the likely tenants," Garry Sweeney, director of HUD's Fort Worth's regional office of fair housing and equal opportunity, wrote in a letter to Turner. "More generally, the department finds that the city's procedures for approving Low-Income Housing Tax Credit applications are influenced by racially motivated opposition to affordable housing and perpetuate segregation."
HUD opened its five-month investigation into potential violations of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act - which prohibits recipients of federal funding from discriminating based on race, color or national origin - after Turner declined to sign off on the Houston Housing Authority's proposed Fountain View development.
The project would have been the agency's first in a low-poverty, low-crime neighborhood with good schools and access to jobs. However, it sparked fierce community and political opposition.
Turner cited "costs and other concerns" in blocking the 233-unit, $53 million project.
The mayor reiterated those worries Friday and said he is "in strong disagreement" with HUD's conclusions, pledging to use "all available avenues to challenge their findings."
"We are taking a hard look at the letter, but there should be no misunderstanding about my commitment to providing options for low income families. I do not believe that only wealthy areas can provide what our children need," Turner said in a statement. "I have chosen to stay in the neighborhood where I grew up and I will not tell children in similar communities they must live somewhere else. Our underprivileged families should have the right to choose where they want to live, and that choice should include the right to stay in the neighborhoods where they have grown up."
Turner added that the city and the housing authority are set to announce a plan shortly to provide vouchers for up to 350 low-income housing units in neighborhoods with high-performing schools.
The potential political fallout of HUD's findings are somewhat unclear for Turner, a progressive African-American mayor who speaks passionately about the need to mitigate the city's vast inequality.
A bill that would make it illegal to carry toy guns - not real guns - near schools is one step closer to becoming a law.
Elisabeth Hasselbeck said on "Fox and Friends" this morning that the pending legislation in Tennessee would allow permit holders to carry real weapons near schools, but toy guns would be banned within 150 feet of them.
This new ban was included in a larger bill that would actually cut local laws that prohibit people with gun permits from taking them to parks.
The Tennessean reported:
The federal "Guns Free School Zones" act makes it illegal for anyone who doesn't have a permit from taking a gun within 1,000 feet of a school. If that person has a permit from the state in which the school is located, though, they can take the gun near school property, the law states. The change to the House bill came in the form of an amendment from Rep. Charles Sargent, R-Franklin. It was the only amendment approved by the House, which voted to have debate on the bill itself before approving the measure by a 65-21 margin. The amendment says the state doesn't need to pay to remove signs that say guns are banned in parks. However, it also includes a list of new items that are banned within 150 feet of a school.
Hasselbeck said that items included on the banned list are explosives, permanently disabled firearms, hoax devices and machetes or swords.
Fox News contributor Katie Pavlich weighed in on "Fox and Friends," stating why toy guns would be offered in legislation like this.
"Sometimes this kind of amendment that bans toy guns is offered in certain places, because they don't want police in a situation to mistake a fake firearm for a real firearm in the case of a school," Pavlich explained.
Watch the video above.
You might also like ...
Vigilante Tackles Legal Gun Owner in Walmart, Gets Arrested
Conservative Lawmakers Take Aim at Gun Control
Gutfeld on Concealed Carry Permits: 'Only a Piece Brings the Peace'
Gun-Toting Good Samaritan Thwarts Carjacking
Both trump.org and trump.tv have been purchased by an anonymous buyer, amid speculation that GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE may launch his own television network if his White House bid doesn't pan out.
ADVERTISEMENT
But visitors to those two websites are greeted by a message reading "Vote NO to Trump."
"He wasn't even organized enough to purchase this domain (or www.trump.tv) at public auction, and he wants to run the U.S.A.?" the message says.
The owner of the page writes that he was contacted by Trump's attorneys for violating a trademark infringement, adding: "Guess who still owns the domain... not that guy!"
Last week, The Financial Times reported that Trump's son-in-law had met with investors about possibly starting a TV network.
And before last week's presidential debate, Trump launched a live Facebook broadcast for those "tired of biased, mainstream media reporting" in what many saw as a test run for the hypothetical network.
Bill O'Reilly: If ISIS Attacks US, Obama Will Go Down as WORST PRESIDENT EVER (Video)
Earlier today Barack Obama admitted he still does not have a strategy to defeat ISIS in Iraq-Syria.
Obama blamed the Pentagon.
Later today the Pentagon responded, “What the f*** was that? We've given him lots of options!”
On Monday night Bill O'Reilly told his audience it was inexcusable that Barack Obama does not have a strategy to fight ISIS after two years of terror attacks… O'Reilly said Obama would be fired by any private sector business for his failed leadership.
“This bothers me the most. That he would tell the world after two years, “I really don't know what to do. I don't really have a strategy. If this was the private sector Barack Obama would be fired by any company at any time.… If we ever get hit by ISIS his presidency is going to go down as one of the worst, perhaps the worst in the history of the country. He can't say after two years, “We don't have a strategy,” against something that is this brutal… It is amazing to me as a historian to watch, two years and he goes out with no shame and tells the world, “We don't know what to do.”
This was an excellent discussion with Charles Krauthammer.
There's nothing like searching the Web for the cheapest airfare, and then realizing that baggage fees wipe out any shred of a bargain. Now, United Airlines has rolled out a plan that would let customers purchase an annual "subscription" to check their luggage, lessening the hassle of baggage fees.
The idea, which starts at $349 a year, is one of two such subscriptions announced Monday by Chicago-based United, which has been intently studying and implementing the extra charges that airlines call "ancillary revenue." United says it is the first in the industry to roll out such annual subscriptions.
Here's how the United baggage plan works. The basic plan covers flights in the continental United States. For $349, a traveler can check one standard sized bag per flight. Two bags per flight costs an additional $30 a year. An additional traveler on the subscription costs $100 a year. For a family sized reservation of up to nine people, the extra charge is $300.
So, for two people traveling with a bag each, the total charge would be $479 a year. That's just for the U.S., however. An individual traveling in North America and Central America must add $100 a year to the basic subscription. Global travelers add $450 per subscription, meaning that the tab to go anywhere in the world with a bag is $799.
The basic, one bag subscription for a U.S. domestic flight works out to the same price as checking about 13 bags, at the $25 per bag charge that United typically imposes. (You can calculate baggage costs on United's calculator here.) Essentially, if you make more than six round-trip flights per year on United, the subscription is probably worth it.
United's second subscription plan is for people who book in its Economy Plus section, offer a little more legroom and seats nearer to the front of the cabin. That $499 a year plan is also customizable according to the destination and number of travelers. (There's $50 initiation fee, but right now, United is waiving it.)
"The Economy Plus and checked baggage subscriptions offer our customers more of the comfort and convenience they value year round," said Scott Wilson , United's vice president of merchandising and e-commerce. "We are pleased that, as we launch these services, we are able to provide new options for customers to tailor their travel experiences."
United has been thinking about the subscription program for several years, ever since airline fees became a standard practice within the industry. Ancillary revenue is a big deal for the carriers. Airlines collected an estimated $36 billion in fees last year, and carriers around the world are pushing to increase that revenue by double-digits this year.
Cut-rate carriers such as Ryanair and Spirit are collecting far more in fees than passengers spend on plane tickets. However, major American carriers actually saw their ancillary revenue drop in 2012, according to the IdeaWorks Company, increasing the pressure to find new ways, like those at United, to collect fees.
When it comes to cocktails, we tend to take ourselves pretty seriously. It's not often that we get silly when it comes to recipe creation, but The Teddy Bear Picnic is the exception to the rule. The Teddy Bear Picnic was created after a conversation at The Beverly in Old Town Scottsdale. We were discussing a cocktail they had during the holidays that had a gum drop garnish, and We joked (mostly Sarah) that we should create a cocktail featuring gummy bears.
The idea was scrapped for a while, until one night while we were drinking some bubbles. We popped a few gummy bears into the glass. This started the wheels turning and on our 2nd glass we started adding other things. The gummy bears don't add a ton of sweetness to the Brut so we started playing with some of the sweeter liqueurs and decided on St. Germain. The grapefruit juice adds a fruit element that sort of ties to the gummy bears without adding additional sugary flavors.
What we find to be really enjoyable about this drink is that if you drink it slowly (but not too slowly), the gummy bears will soak up some of the Brut as well as some of its effervescence. This drink has become a fast favorite at Geeks Who Eat Headquarters! Do you have a funky cocktail that you enjoy? What are some of your favorite out of the box cocktails? Leave your comments below or use the hashtag #GeekEats. Cheers!
Print 5 O'Clock Friday Cocktails – The Teddy Bear Picnic Ingredients 1 oz Gin (We prefer Esme for this recipe)
1 oz Grapefruit Juice
1/2 oz St. Germain
Brut Champagne
8-10 Gummy Bears
Ice Instructions Place gummy bears in champagne coupe or flute. (We use coupes)
In a bar glass full of ice, combine gin, grapefruit juice, and St. Germain.
Stir.
Strain into champagne coupe.
Top off with champagne. Recipe Management Powered by Zip Recipes Plugin 5.0 https://2geekswhoeat.com/teddy-bear-picnic/
*The Geeks were not compensated or given any comped items to facilitate this write-up; All opinions are wholly our own. View our Disclosure Policy for more info.
Save
At least 25 Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel were killed in a Maoist ambush at Burkapal in Sukma district of Chhattisgarh on Monday afternoon. This is the second Naxal attack in just over one month in the same district. The last was on 11 March, when 12 jawans were killed.
What makes the security forces operating in the Maoist-hotbed of Bastar so vulnerable to Naxal attack? Why do the Maoists succeed in killing our jawans in large numbers almost every time?
Monday's ambush has again compelled us to think and search for the cause. Despite having sophisticated weapons and training to combat guerrilla warfare, each attack by the Left-wing extremists leaves the forces and general public helpless.
According to sources in Bastar, Monday's ambush was planned by Hidma, the commander of the Maoists' military battalion. He succeeded in overpowering the 74th battalion of the CRPF by reportedly using an S-shaped ambush, and looted sophisticated weapons from the security forces in broad daylight.
This has exposed loopholes and failures in the functioning of the security forces, including the state police, in the Red Corridor.
According to internal security experts, "multiple factors" led to the massacre. And this is not the first time it has happened; they are being repeated year after year in Chhattisgarh's tribal belt. This is the fourth attack on such a large scale in the last six years.
The previous attacks on CRPF personnel:
- 6 April, 2010: Maoists kill 76 CRPF personnel in Tadmetla.
- 29 June, 2010: 26 jawans were killed at Dhaurai in Narayanpur
- 25 May, 2013: At Darbha Ghati, 27 people, including CRPF personnel and political leaders, were killed. The top Congress leadership in Chhattisgarh was virtually wiped out.
Apart from these, an attack also took place on 11 March this year, in which an IED blast killed 12 jawans, but didn't get much traction from the media, as it took place on the same day that results to Assembly elections in five states were announced.
"Multiple factors — from leadership failure to loopholes in the functioning of the security forces — have led to the death of 25 CRPF personnel. The most unfortunate part is that despite repeated incidents, no lessons are being learned," Prakash Singh, said former director general, Border Security Force, and an expert on Left-wing extremism.
Factors leading to repeated attacks and killing of jawans:
Non following of SOPs: According to local sources, a road opening party (ROP) by the CRPF, divided into two groups, was having lunch when the ambush occurred. According to standard operating procedures (SOPs), instead of sitting together in a large group, the jawans should have divided themselves into small groups of four or five. "It's against basic SOP. Prima facie evidence indicates this SOP wasn't followed. If one jawan takes lunch, the other protects. Even when jawans march, a gap is always maintained. Repeated attacks and killings of CRPF personnel indicates failure in following SOPs. Secondly, was there a quick response team (QRT) to back the ROP?" questioned counter-terrorism analyst Anil Kamboj.
Lack of leadership: Experts have questioned the CRPF leadership, from the top to the platoon commandant level. The post of director general in the CRPF has been lying vacant for over 50 days and it demoralises the force at all levels.
Lack of coordination: Lack of coordination between the state police and central forces gives Maoists an opportunity to have the upper hand over CRPF and the police. Instead of putting the onus of countering Naxalism on the Centre, the state police should be at the forefront. Combating Naxalism shouldn't be considered a battle between the Centre and the Maoist cadre. Instead of playing second fiddle, the Chhattisgarh police have to play an active role," Singh remarked.
Lack of proper training: Security experts have questioned whether the CRPF personnel are adequately trained in guerrilla warfare against the Maoists in the difficult terrain in Bastar. The CoBRA battalion — an elite force within CRPF, that is efficiently trained for this purpose — has only eight battalions deployed in Bastar. Why did the Chhattisgarh government fail to develop an effective anti-Naxal squad, like Andhra Pradesh's Greyhound?
Poor infrastructure and manpower: According to sources, out of 425 sanctioned police stations in Chhattisgarh, only 403 exists; out of which 161 don't have vehicles. Many police stations in these highly sensitive areas are half-staffed, as policemen prefer not to have postings there. Nearly 10,000 vacancies have fallen short in Chhattisgarh police.
Intelligence failure: "Obviously, the large number of Maoists who led the ambush were not paratrooped on a single day. Why did CRPF fail to get information about their movement and gathering?" questioned Singh, former DGP, UP police.
Area domination: "CRPF personnel are there to protect the road construction work and the workers. But if they are unable to defend themselves from Maoist attacks, how can we expect them to protect the area? The foremost requirement in combating Maoists is area domination. Repeated ambushes show failure on the part of security forces in this effort," added Kamboj, a former senior fellow at IDSA.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
A daunting task confronts the Shinnecock Indian Nation.
Walk into the Wuneechanunk Preschool on a typical weekday morning and you'll be greeted by the smell of burning sage and words unheard anywhere else in the world: Children singing in the Shinnecock language.
Catch our podcast: The World in Words Each week on The World in Words, Patrick Cox and Nina Porzucki tell stories about languages and the people who speak them. Subscribe
Yes, this is the only Shinnecock reservation, and it's a small one, about 650 people. But the reason the sound of Shinnecock being spoken is so unusual is that there are no fluent speakers of Shinnecock left — haven't been for more than a century. With New York City only an hour and a half drive west, the pressure to assimilate has always been intense for the Native Americans of Long Island. That's the topic of this week's World in Words podcast.
Teacher Chenoa Curry with Wuneechanunk Shinnecock preschooler Jaycen King. Credit: Courtesy of the Wuneechanunk Shinnecock Preschool
But a few years ago, Tarrant came up with an even stranger concept: bringing that vanished language back. Even as a child, she had collected Shinnecock words the way other kids collected baseball cards.
“Well I just always wondered why people weren't saying more things in our language, because we always talked about culture, we always did the songs and the dances, [but] we didn't use our own words to describe what it was we were doing. So I started looking for the words, common phrases, nicknames — little bits and pieces.”
So when she had her own child, it made sense to give her a Shinnecock name: Tohanash.
Tina Tarrant, language researcher with the Shinnecock Indian Nation, with her daughter Tohanash Tarrant, former manager of the Wuneechanunk Shinnecock Preschool. Credit: Alina Simone
That was in the 1980s; hardly anyone on the reservation had a Shinnecock name back then. Tohanash is now 31 and she tells me that her generation was probably the first in three generations to have Algonquin names. “My mom made sure all six children had names in Shinnecock,” she adds.
Tarrant's decision was personal, she tells me, but it was also strategic.
“The reason for putting these unusual names in the local community was so that our words would continue to be spoken, and [tribe members] would have a firm understanding of at least one or two words in our language, even if it was their own names.”
It worked. Soon, other members were asking questions about Shinnecock words, wanting to give their children native names too. Tarrant saw hope for a larger revival of the language, and organized some workshops. But the challenges were intense. Aside from a handful of surviving words, there was only one written source for the Shinnecock language: a Bible translated by a native man, Cockenoe de Long Island, in the mid-1600s.
Tarrant had no institutional support in her effort. No money. Not even a college degree. It took years of effort to track the Bible down — on microfiche from a library in Scotland of all places. The tribe itself was too busy fighting a protracted battle for federal recognition to make language revival a priority. You'd think being surrounded by the uber-wealthy would give the Shinnecock an advantage over other tribes. Not the case.
Towering hedges stretch down Southampton's streets for miles, obscuring the multi-million dollar homes of celebrities like Rachel Ray and Howard Stern. But unless you count lending their name to one of the world's most exclusive golf clubs, the Shinnecock don't share in that wealth.
In a place where the average house sells for almost $2 million, the average Shinnecock family makes barely $14,000 a year. And Tohanash says that's not the only drawback to being an urban, East Coast tribe.
“There are a lot of issues ... relating to sales of the land or leases that were never made good on, so we lost a lot of territory. That has always been a challenge for us. Here we are, a small Native American community in the middle of the home of millionaires. So we have to take these millionaires to court for our land? It's kind of an uphill battle for us.”
But in 2010, Tina's scholarly goals dovetailed with the tribe's judicial ones, when the Shinnecock became the 565th tribe to be recognized by the federal government. Two years later, the tribe voted to build a new pre-school and a radical concept was floated: to incorporate Shinnecock language into the curriculum. The school opened its doors this past summer with Tohanash as its manager. It was up to a team of seven people — Tohanash, her mother, and five teachers— to figure out how to bring Shinnecock back to life.
“Everybody was kind of in their beginning stages of learning of Algoquin, and we had to work with everybody on their different levels.” Tohanash recalls. They started with simple words that could be used in the classroom and translating popular songs such as Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
Tohanash has since left her job at the school, but the language program continues. Clearly there's a long way to go before kids are watching Dora the Explorer or thumbing through apps in Shinnecock. But people are starting to use native words around the reservation — beyond just “Hey, Tohanash!” Simple things like “good morning.”
“It's very interesting,” Tohanash says. “People are owning it. They're owning their identity, by just seeing these words on a regular basis and starting to use them with each other.”
It's a big change from when Tina first launched her effort to reintroduce Shinnecock back in the '80s.
“The hardest thing is to feel like you don't know your own culture,” Tina admits.
Looking back at all the challenges to breathing life into the Shinnecock language, this hurdle — the psychological barrier — may have been the biggest one. As Tohanash explains, putting aside “that bad feeling aside that this is not something that I know, it's something that you can learn,” is an ongoing process.
“It's OK that we weren't taught this growing up,” she says. “This is something that we're bringing back and we need to embrace.”
Owning your identity. Even in the Hamptons, you can't put a price on that.
PODCAST CONTENTS
0:20: "We live on Long Island, which is very removed from what people think of as Native America."
1:10: "The hardest thing is to feel like you don't know your own culture."
1:40: This is first of several podcasts we'll be doing in 2016 about people trying to keep speaking or bring back their languages. We're planning to bring you stories from Kenya, Japan, the Netherlands, Canada and China, as well as several stories from the United States.
2:00 Is it always worth saving a language?
4:21 Alina Simone visits the Wuneechanunk Shinnecock Preschool in Southampton, NY.
12:28 Two unrelated events: the American Dialect Society names the singular "they" its word of the year; David Bowie dies, age 69.
13:45 How those two events are linked.
14:05 Bowie's "they" adrogyny.
15:13 "I can switch accents within seconds of meeting somebody"
16:10 Bowie's 2002 interviews with Terry Gross on NPR's Fresh Air and with John Wilson on BBC Radio 4's Front Row.
17:13 "The words started appearing out of nowhere, and I just couldn't control them."
18:41 "It's the lack of years left that weighs far heavier on me than the age that I am."
20:03: Please write us a review at iTunes. Thanks!
20:20 Guess the accent. Post your answer at our Facebook page, or tweet us.
20:58 Lavinia Greenlaw reads "Listening to Bowie".
MUSIC HEARD IN THE PODCAST
00:02 "Dramamine" by Podington Bear
11:33 "Februum" by Alexander Boyes
14:32 "Starman" by David Bowie
15:44 "Always Crashing in the Same Car" by David Bowie
17:40 "Heathen" by David Bowie
19:21 "Fashion" by David Bowie
20:03 "Dramamine" by Podington Bear
You can follow The World in Words stories on Facebook or subscribe to the podcast on iTunes.
Former CIA Director Michael Hayden said he now has an "open mind" about the need for a special prosecutor to investigate Russia's interference in the 2016 election, following the events of the past week.
Hayden's Sunday remarks appeared to allude to President Trump's decision to fire FBI director James Comey.
Hayden, who formerly oversaw NSA and CIA under George W. Bush, added that although special prosecutors cost a lot and can dig into matters beyond the focus of the investigation, one might be needed in this case.
“They lose control, they lose focus but I have to tell you: after the events of the past week I really have an open mind as to whether or not we need some extraordinary structure,” Hayden said on CNN's “Fareed Zakaria GPS."
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump fired Comey amid an ongoing investigation into whether campaign officials colluded with the Russians to sway the election, allegations Trump has denied repeatedly. He also said the Russian investigation was not the reason for Comey's exit.
Comey's dismissal, however, has added to the chorus of lawmaker calling for an independent body to carry on the probe.
Hayden said Trump's administration appears to be obstructing the investigations into Russia.
“[I]t appears as though the administration is doing everything it can to either slow or discredit the various investigations with regards to the Russian interference in the American presidential election. So I think that's a fair assessment as to what's going on,” Hayden added.
He said the special investigator could resolve whether a crime was committed, as well as help paint a picture of what really happened.
“Not just so we can get to the criminal resolution, was there, was there not a crime, it's so the American people fully understand the totality of what happened here,” he said.
Walk into any British toy shop and you'll be faced with a fork in the road: do you take the blue lane, with its miniature helicopters, chemistry sets and binoculars, or do you take the pink lane, with its kitchens, dolls and make up kits? Despite the leaps and bounds in the gender equality movement over the past few decades, children's learning tools are still stuck in the Fifties. Could this be why we still wouldn't trust a male beautician or a female plumber?
Despite it being the 21st century, gender stereotypes are attached to children from a startlingly young age – in fact, often before they are even born. Parents-to-be paint babies' rooms blue or pink while aunts and uncles buy gifts based on how many X chromosomes the foetus has. Once the baby arrives, it will no doubt drink out of a bottle decorated with either pirates or princesses. And so the separate paths begin.
Toy manufacturers and retailers are consumed by the idea that boys burst from the womb with different passions, hobbies and skills to girls. Certainly, there are some innate differences between the sexes - studies from neuroscientists suggest that boys have better spatial awareness while girls are more verbally fluent. But gender differences are far more than genetic variation; culture plays a huge part in the gender roles we assign to men and women.
Unfortunately, the small matter of whether we give children train sets or dolls to play with has lasting effects: a recent study found that both sexes are still being held back in their careers by outdated stereotypes. The Worldpay Zinc survey, which last month questioned 2,000 people on attitudes in the workplace, revealed that many of us think certain jobs should only be filled by men, and some only by women. Two thirds of those surveyed thought men make better mechanics, electricians and plumbers than women, and 64 per cent would rather buy flowers from a female florist.
Even worse, those who do defy gender stereotypes are set to face a backlash, as the study points out: “The distrust of women in particular roles is strongly felt. One person in 10 (9 per cent) might not trust a female pilot, 5 per cent would be genuinely worried if they found out their flight was piloted by a woman and a total of 3 per cent would either get off the plane, change their flight, or complain about their flight being piloted by a woman”.
The parent-led Let Toys Be Toys campaign, which asks retailers to arrange toys by theme and function rather than gender, agrees that archaic gender stereotypes limit the skills and hobbies children feel they are allowed to pursue.
Megan Perryman, a Let Toys Be Toys campaigner, said: “If they're never offered the chance, a child may never find out if they enjoy a certain toy or style of play. Children are taking in these messages about what girls and boys are ‘supposed to like'. They are looking for patterns and social rules – they understand the gender rule ‘This is for boys and that is for girls,' in the same way as other sorts of social rules, like ‘Don't hit'. These rigid boundaries turn children away from their true preferences.”
The toys and trinkets we give children are so much more than playthings: they inspire their imaginations and nurture their learning. They teach boys and girls how to solve problems, socialise, and develop their motor skills. Pushing boys away from playing with dolls potentially excludes them from entering caring professions; likewise, stopping girls from building miniature aeroplanes could be the reason for the low amount of women in STEM (science, technology, engineering and maths) fields.
Even though men and women are more equal in the workplace than ever before, it seems our prejudices are still holding us back. So next time you're in the local toy shop, get your niece a tractor or your grandson a pram – you never know, you might be introducing them to their future career.
Have you ever wondered why Michael Jordan never appeared in any popular videos games when you were a kid? There's a very interesting, yet perplexing reason for this. The easiest way to explain this is to take you through a series of events. Let's begin.
Michael Jordan's First Video Game Appearance (1987)
“Jordan vs. Bird: One-on-One” (NES, 1987)
The first video game featuring Jordan was a classic, featuring both a 3-point shootout (Bird only) and a slam dunk contest (Jordan only). I was always hoping to find a code to help Bird kiss the rim, but it never happened.
Michael Jordan and Larry Bird dominated NES back in the late 80's early 90's. Jordan vs. Bird was a classic.
TixBlitz - Instantly "mockery." - Instantly buy BULLS TICKETS and save using promo code
Other Video Game Appearances Before 2K Series
NBA All-Star Challenge (SNES, 1992)
There was only one selectable player from each team. That player on the Bulls was Michael Jordan.
Bulls vs Blazers and the NBA Playoffs (SNES, 1992)
Finally, real Michael in real team basketball! This game was the very early predecessor to the EA's NBA Live series, which stretched from NBA Live 95 to NBA Live 10.
NBA Showdown (SNES, 1993)
This was basically Bulls vs. Blazers, but with all the officially licensed teams and players. So there was that.
Michael Jordan Chaos in the Windy City (SNES, 1994)
As NBA games started to evolve, with changing camera angles, different modes and improved controls (like the revolutionary turbo button, which eventually became standard), Jordan was absent from most of them. Instead, his likeness graced the cover of this title, a side-scrolling action platformer. You control Jordan, and you attack by throwing basketballs at enemies.
NBA Live series (SNES, Playstation, PS2, XBox360)
Jordan was in NBA Live 2000 in the one-on-one mode and he was also on the 90's all-decade team in NBA Live 2004. And yes, he was selectable as a player on the Wizards during his last, ill-fated final comeback, but we never speak of the Wizards years.
Jordan appeared in several video games leading up to the year 2000, and 90's kids loved them.
National Basketball Players Association's Shared Licensing Agreement
“Jordan dropped out of the virtual scene when he opted out of the National Basketball Players Association's shared licensing agreement after ushering in sports gaming on the Sega Genesis and Super Nintendo in the early '90s. This caused video game companies to get resourceful, and through various codes, create-a-player features and special individual licenses, MJ appeared sporadically in pixels and polygons, until finally signing with 2K Sports for a series of games that lived up to his legacy.” (ESPN)
All players in the NBA typically fall under the group licensing agreement shared between the players' union and the league, but in 1992 “His Airness” negotiated his own separate agreement. This prevented him from appearing in video games that featured NBA players, instead of just him. (Jordan vs. Bird)
NBA 2K Series
2K Sports signed Jordan to an exclusive licensing deal, then went all out, creating what is arguably the greatest replication of an athlete in video game history. The only thing missing is his gold hoop earring.
The first game Jordan appeared in for 2K sports was “NBA 2K11.” He appeared on the cover of 2K11 and 2K12.
“It's a long way from the first game I was in, but it just shows you the technology that's evolved over the years, ” Jordan said.
So Why Wasn't He In Games
The surface reason is money. Jordan declined to join the NBA in the early 90's because he was arguably bigger than the league. Therefore, he chose to sign his own personal licensing agreement. However, when Jordan was asked about this, it was more than money:
“I didn't want them to put me in there if it didn't look like myself, and I didn't want them to put stats that weren't my stats. The guys at 2K are very smart, so they know a lot of things about the game of basketball, and obviously, the things that I've done to the game and the way that I played. I wanted my character to be as close to the way I played as possible, so that it's not something that's false-promoted. I wanted something real.” – Michael Jordan
Michael Jordan wanted something “real.” He didn't want to be just another roster player for NBA games, he wanted games designed specifically around his likeness and talents. This selfish way of thinking is the real reason why Jordan never appeared in any video games. He always thought of himself as bigger than the league, this is a prime example.
But, when you're the G.O.A.T you can do as you please.
The only people who really missed out were the kids of the late 90's and early 2000's.
Next Article:
rantnrave://
No rants and raves today, coming back tomorrow. But some nice REDEF ORIGINALS... Much has been said about Fortnite's revenue, users, business model, origin and availability. But these narratives are overhyped. What matters is what these, plus Epic Games, are collectively in the process of building. "Fortnite Is the Future, but Probably Not for the Reasons You Think"... NETFLIX's product expertise is at the heart of everything it does, including why and how it makes its original content. This culture is easily overlooked, but doing so can be fatal. Netflix is as much a tech and product company as FACEBOOK, GOOGLE and AMAZON. "Netflix Is a Product & Technology Company (Netflix Misunderstandings, Pt 2)"... Over the past century, technological advancements have massively reduced the cost and time needed to create and circulate content. Though this has liberated artists, consumers are now drowning in a virtually infinite supply of things to watch, listen to and read. "Age of Abundance: How the Content Explosion will Invert the Media Industry"... Happy Birthday to BRIAN BRATER, JESSICA COEN, AMBER COFFMAN, JOHN R. CARLUCCI, MELISSA MURPHY PARENTO, LISA CHAJET, and BILL SOBEL.
China's central bank has put the Russian ruble into circulation in Suifenhe City, Heilongjiang Province, launching a pilot two-currency (ruble and yuan) program. The ruble is being introduced in place of the US dollar.
The announcement was made on Saturday by Jin Mei, deputy secretary for monetary policy at the opening ceremony of a trade exposition in Suifenhe, reported state-run Xinhua news agency.
The newly-adopted initiative is to promote bilateral trade relations and boost tourism, enabling Russians traveling to the Chinese region to pay for their expenses directly in rubles.
This year's six month Russia-China financial results look promising with yuan-denominated payments reaching the value of $1.32 billion, added Mei.
Wu Qinglan, executive vice-mayor of the Chinese city, believes the program guarantees a long-term outlook.
“Next, we will carry out dual currency settlement in shopping malls, hotels and restaurants in Suifenhe. All the banks will provide services accomplishing the storage and exchange of rubles,” she said, as cited by the CRI English news website.
A staff member at the local Qingyun Market shared his impressions about the move: “On our price tag, there are two currencies: one is renminbi [China's domestic currency], and the other, the ruble. This has greatly simplified our trades. The Russian merchants this is convenient, and so do we.”
The initiative will not affect the renminbi.
In 2014, the Russian Central Bank and the People's Bank of China drew up a three-year currency swap agreement, worth 150 billion yuan (around $24.5 billion), securing financial cooperation between the nations in the light of tense relations with the US and EU over the Ukraine crisis.
Suifenhe is a major hub in China in terms of trade with Russia and one of the points where Chinese and Russian railway systems connect.
Trump's Breitbart lackeys: The right-wing outlet isn't just incompetent -- it may also be corrupt Is Breitbart.com accepting payments from Donald Trump for fawning coverage? That would make a ton of sense
Buzzfeed's McKay Coppins is out with a scandalous – if unproven – report this morning: anonymous Breitbart.com staffers believe that the organization is accepting payments from Donald Trump in exchange for providing sycophantic coverage of the billionaire racist clown's presidential campaign:
According to four sources with knowledge of the situation, editors and writers at the outlet have privately complained since at least last year that the company's top management was allowing Trump to turn Breitbart into his own fan website — using it to hype his political prospects and attack his enemies. One current editor called the water-carrying “despicable” and “embarrassing,” and said he was told by an executive last year that the company had a financial arrangement with Trump.
If you've read any of Breitbart's over-the-top coverage of the Trump campaign recently, then this allegation doesn't seem especially far-fetched. And when you consider that Trump declared during last week's debate that he lavishes donations on politicians with the expectation that they'll do favors for him, it starts sounding downright plausible.
Advertisement:
Corruption of this kind would hardly be a new development in conservative media. One of Breitbart's competitors, the Daily Caller, has a strict ban on publishing any criticism of Fox News because editor-in-chief Tucker Carlson is on Fox's payroll. Breitbart.com's higher-ups vigorously deny any sort of financial arrangement with Trump (though a Breitbart staffer did apparently help Trump organize a campaign trip to the southern border), but at this point the site has made itself so toxic on the left and the right that even if they're not on the take, they won't find too many allies defending their behavior.
Back when Andrew Breitbart was alive and in charge, the site operated within and was guided by his worldview, which wasn't so much pro-conservative as it was anti-liberal and obsessed with aggravating racial resentments. As repellent as his ideology was, he had undeniable media savvy and knew how to market his product to a right-wing audience that loved to read about how Democrats and liberals are the real racists. Conservatives in the media and elsewhere were quite happy to ally themselves with the Breitbart empire when it was shooting outside the tent, aiming its proprietary brand of incompetent, high-wattage, race-baiting “journalism” at Barack Obama, community activist groups, and lowly civil servants.
Now that Breitbart is gone, the organization has shifted gears. Instead of relentlessly focusing on the supposed evils of civil rights activists and obscure academics, Breitbart has anointed itself the arbiter of true conservatism for the 2016 Republican presidential primary. In typical Breitbart fashion, they're picking petty fights, vastly overinflating their significance, and determinedly refusing to see the larger picture. The act has worn thin on conservatives who once loved these same tactics when they were used to annoying liberals.
And, of course, Breitbart has decided that of all the Republicans running for the 2016 presidential nomination, Donald Trump is among the true conservatives. Just before last week's primary debate, Breitbart reporter Matthew Boyle wrote a piece sketching out the “civil war” within the GOP field between conservatives and establishment moderates. By Boyle's reckoning, Trump is more conservative than Scott Walker, Marco Rubio, and Jeb Bush:
Conservatives like Paul, Cruz, Carson, and Huckabee—along with Trump—argue that the party needs a bolder and fresher face than the weaker establishment-minded candidates in order to attract more voters. Moderates like Rubio, Bush, Christie and Kasich believe the party needs to soften its conservatism to appeal to more voters. Walker falls somewhere in the middle, perhaps the only GOP candidate in the top 10 who can walk in both the establishment and conservative worlds inside this civil war—at least for now, due to having battled the left to win three elections in four years after Democrats unsuccessfully tried to recall him.
That is a bonkers assessment of the Republican field, but it's stated as obvious truth by a Breitbart reporter. After the debate, Boyle ran cover for Trump by reframing The Donald's refusal to pledge his support to the eventual GOP nominee as Trump standing up against “amnesty.” Trump's stated reasons for not promising his endorsement were entirely narcissistic – he never once mentioned immigration or “amnesty” as part of his calculus. But Boyle did him a solid and recast the issue to better fit with Trump's campaign message.
What could possibly account for all this ridiculously fawning treatment of Trump at the expense of non-joke candidates who are far more conservative? One explanation, offered by Buzzfeed, is that certain Breitbart people are on Trump's payroll. Another could be that this is just an inevitable feature of the post-Andrew Breitbart era in which there's no strategic mastermind to channel and the organization's trademark incompetence away from allies and towards “the left.” A cash-for-coverage arrangement actually makes the most sense when trying to figure out what the hell Breitbart is doing, though it doesn't eliminate “incoherent derping” as an explanation. They're either stupid, corrupt, or stupid and corrupt.
The network will broadcast a presentation featuring same-day footage from NASA's JPL following the historic landing of the Mars Curiosity Mission on Monday.
The Science Channel isn't wasting any time broadcasting footage from NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab after Monday's scheduled historic Mars Curiosity Mission.
The network will quickly turn around for broadcast Monday at 10 p.m. footage of what's being hailed as the "most complex Mars mission to date" when the Mars Science Laboratory spacecraft Curiosity transports the largest ever landing craft and research payload to Mars. The mission promises insights to help scientists determine the possibility of life on Mars -- both past and present.
The special, Mars Landing 2012: The New Search for Life, will feature interviews with leaders of the mission from JPL at the California Institute of Technology and be hosted by Dan Riskin and Ziya Tong as the Curiosity attempts to touch down on Mars' Gale Crater.
"Science is completely obsessed with the exploration of Mars," said Debbie Adler Myers, GM and EVP at Science. "This mission represents the precursor of human exploration to Mars. We are thrilled to partner with NASA and the team at JPL on this project as this mission is enormously important to the future of our space program, the future of science and the future of mankind as we know it."
In addition to interviews with experts, the co-production with Discovery Canada will also offer private access to mission personnel and a 360-degree look at the fusion of science, technology and innovative minds necessary to bring the mission to life.
The New Search for Life joins National Geographic's Martian Mega Rover, which is set for Aug. 9 and will highlight the same journey.
Email: Lesley.Goldberg@thr.com; Twitter: @Snoodit
53 SHARES Facebook Twitter
– John Abreu, CSCS –
I have always had a bit of an artistic interest. As a kid, my parents would always nurture my desire to paint and draw. My dad, a mathematician, would challenge me to make different polygons out of paper. My mom, a computer scientist, introduced me to Adobe Photoshop when I was still in elementary school. Growing up, I thought I would be an architect or in graphic design, but I guess my artistic side couldn't overtake my interest in sports.
These days, I try to fit in as much art as I can. Making infographics has given me a bit of a creative outlet, and I have a few friends with who I talk to about design and art. A few days ago, I came across an article from fastcodesign.com titled “What 10 Dieter Rams Products Reveal About The Principles Of Good Design”, and that inspired me to re-read the 10 principles German award-winning industrial designer Dieter Rams came up with.
The parallels to sport performance were evident throughout (well, maybe for 90% of them), and they reinforced a very overarching principle I value in my coaching: The need for simplicity.
1. Good design is as little design as possible
Less, but better – because it concentrates on the essential aspects, and the products are not burdened with non-essentials. Back to purity, back to simplicity.
The human body moves in seemingly infinite degrees of freedom. The permutations of different biomechanical arrangements, movement velocities, demands, and types of contractions, have seen strength and conditioning coaches create a vast menu of exercises, and it's easy to think that in order to have a good training program, everything must be incorporated in some capacity. However, the result of including too much in your training program range from the obvious side-effects of over-training, and under-recovery, and extend to some that are not as obvious, such as redundancy, limited adaptations, and creating situations with competing adaptations.
It's also easy to get distracted and think that an exercise needs to be made more complex in order for it to be more effective, or “functional.” However, in most cases, all it does is limit the output (and therefore the adaptation) of the exercise.
Most of the coaches who I still look to learn from have in one way or another arrived at the same conclusion, and are all striving to create adaptations with the minimal effective dose, and do so by both applying basic exercises, and putting their athletes in situations where they can be successful in their execution.
2. Good design is environmentally friendly
Design makes an important contribution to the preservation of the environment. It conserves resources and minimizes physical and visual pollution throughout the lifecycle of the product.
I see this principle as an extension to the first. We would like to design programs that fit together, and are conducive to goals for individual workouts and phases. We also want to ensure that everything is geared toward the ultimate goal on competition day. Unnecessary exercises implemented with convoluted reasoning (and often minimal or no benefit) only serve to create unneeded stress and soreness, and dilute the improvement of desired qualities.
I also see this principle applying to coaching style. For most athletes, playing their sport is far more enjoyable than training, but they understand that training is something that needs to be done. We all know athletes that complete workouts reluctantly. This is why I strive to create a positive environment in all my training sessions, praising effort and offering constructive feedback. This doesn't mean that I will hesitate to be stern when an athlete is giving lackluster effort or being disruptive, but in my experience, adopting that demeanor off the get-go usually results in lack of athlete engagement.
3. Good design is thorough down to the last detail
Nothing must be arbitrary or left to chance. Care and accuracy in the design process show respect towards the consumer.
This principle is a no-brainer for most coaches. A good program involves exercises, loads, rep ranges, and progressions that are cohesive and create a situation where the required adaptations can take place, while also identifying key times where physical preparation becomes a secondary priority. Choosing work for the sake of work, or arbitrary progressions, just serves to muddle the picture, diminish progress, and put your athletes in positions where they won't improve (at least at the rate they could be improving at), or worse, have them end up injured.
Although we are usually very thorough in the planning process, we are sometimes a little too tied to our plans, which always look great on paper. However, we know that there is the ideal situation, and then there is real life. Bearing that in mind, we must be flexible in our approach, acknowledging changes we may have not been aware of, and adjusting our programs accordingly. I recently had to make changes to the program for an athlete who is a due to car trouble was to start cycling 10km just to get to our training session. It was unfortunate, as we were making great progress with the current program, but there was no work-around, and I needed to ensure that his system remained adaptive.
Be thorough in your thought process (both in initial planning and adapting on-the-fly) as to how you made your choices as a coach. This will not only help ensure you're placing your athletes in a situation where they can succeed, but also allow you to confidently back up your programming if confronted about its details by an athlete, sport coach, or administrator.
4. Good design is long-lasting
It avoids being fashionable and therefore never appears antiquated. Unlike fashionable design, it lasts many years – even in today's throwaway society.
There is a reason why movements like sprinting, jumping, and throwing, as well as exercises like the Olympic lifts, and powerlifts, can be found in most training programs – They are timeless. Despite what sales pitch you may hear from many a guru, the efficacy of these modalities is understood by most sport performance professionals, and backed up with scientific literature. Their efficacy has been proven time and time again, and that is why they continue to appear in programs, while other fads have come and gone.
5. Good design is honest
It does not make a product appear more innovative, powerful or valuable than it really is. It does not attempt to manipulate the consumer with promises that cannot be kept.
We all have our own biases. As coaches, we gravitate toward what we're comfortable with coaching and using. This is how labels get started – How many times have we heard things like, “that coach is a powerlifting guy,” or, “that school is a HIIT school.” Sometimes these labels are unwarranted and only present a snapshot of what the coach implements. However, at times, these labels come to be because someone hangs on to a small facet of training, placing a higher value than warranted on that particular modality, overstating its benefit to performance or their program.
When I first started working with collegiate soccer, getting some of my athletes to understand why we were doing certain things was one hurdle I came across. Rather than make false promises, I was frank in my explanation: First off, the exercises will probably not do anything to improve your skill as a soccer player. However, if I can make you that much more resilient to injury, you can miss less practice time, and spend more time refining your soccer skills. Secondly, also by minimizing how much time you miss, you can spend more time on the field, making an impact, and getting noticed by your coach or by scouts. My explanation made no promises about performance outcomes, but the players respected my honesty regarding their skill, and then were always very coachable when the topic of increasing performance came up.
There is no one magic program or exercise that always produces the desired result regardless of situation. Present your programs for what they are – a process.
6. Good design is unobtrusive
Products fulfilling a purpose are like tools. They are neither decorative objects nor works of art. Their design should therefore be both neutral and restrained, to leave room for the user's self-expression.
Again, the idea of keeping what is useful and discarding what isn't comes to light. The value of allowing for individual variations of movement execution is often understated, especially as the quest for the abstract construct of perfect symmetry gains more popularity. With this in mind, and our awareness of individual variation of limb segment length, and muscle and joint architecture, should we be looking for all of our athletes' movements to fit the same mold? In cases where I have witnessed this, I have seen more instances of sloppy movement execution – The type where you see it once, and without taking the time to analyze the root of the issue, you just know it looks awkward.
Over-cueing also creates an obtrusive environment, where too many thoughts compete for the athlete's attention, and thus limits the efficacy of their movement. This also holds true for the type of cueing – We know that internal cueing creates more co-contraction about a joint, which can impact the fluidity of the movement.
7. Good design makes a product understandable
It clarifies the product's structure. Better still, it can make the product clearly express its function by making use of the user's intuition. At best, it is self-explanatory.
At the risk of sounding like a broken record, this principle can be seen as an extension of the first and fourth. The basic exercises can provide adequate stimulus, and are recognized internationally, yet sometimes coaches feel the need to include exercises with several adjectives in their name, and involve just as many toys. Once again, these exercises don't serve to provide much value in training.
Furthermore, your athletes can innately understand a rational progression (i.e. exercises ordered from complex to simple, and in terms of decreasing demand) to your training sessions, and can spot over-complication for the sake of over-complication. My good friend Cedric Unholz once told me: “ most athletes are keen observers, like the rest of us. They will be able to sniff out any B.S. in your program.”
8. Good design is aesthetic
The aesthetic quality of a product is integral to its usefulness because products are used every day and have an effect on people and their well-being. Only well-executed objects can be beautiful.
The last sentence behind that principle is the one that stands out to me the most. Seeing a well-executed Olympic lift or a sprinter run a sub 10-second in what seems like full relaxation leaves us all in awe. These athletes are always put in situations where they can best execute the movement, understanding that their fluidity in movement allows for a better output and performance. We borrow these elements from their sport in order to train non-weightlifters and non-sprinters, yet at times completely overlook principles which have enabled those athletes to reach a that level of performance.
For example, chasing tendo numbers during the lifts may be ok once in a while, but doing so all time almost certainly results in the breakdown of movement, as the numbers become more important than the execution. The same happens when chasing weight. We all know that gradually increasing load will ensure that we provide a sufficient stimulus – But at what cost? And does the compromise of quality for instant gratification set us up for a quicker plateau down the road?
9. Good design makes a product useful
A product is bought to be used. It has to satisfy not only functional, but also psychological and aesthetic criteria. Good design emphasizes the usefulness of a product whilst disregarding anything that could detract from it.
At this stage, the design principles are starting to deliver their intended message. How do we refine our programming and coaching, getting rid of what is useless, while keeping what is ultimately actually making a difference?
10. Good design is innovative
The possibilities for progression are not, by any means, exhausted. Technological development is always offering new opportunities for original designs. But imaginative design always develops in tandem with improving technology, and can never be an end in itself.
This point was they reason I reversed the order Ram's 10 principles are usually presented. In most ways, I believe that we have reached pretty close to the end point of what we know about training itself. Our anatomy and physiology have not changed in several thousand years, and I have not come across any research that has opposed basic training principles as a whole. Our common tools for training have withstood the test of time for generations (see principle 4). It is my personal opinion that innovation in the field of sport performance will likely not come from the creation of a new exercise, or a magic approach.
However, this does not mean that I believe innovation is impossible. I believe that innovation in sport performance will come from those who will take basic principles, use technology to best apply these principles, and implement them in a manner which best serves their particular situation. With the use of sport technology becoming more prevalent, there is a lot of data being generated, and their output is being filtered. As we manage to further hone into that ideal scenario, we will start to separate signal from noise, whittling away the unnecessary, and arriving back at point number one in this article.
To download a copy of this article in PDF format, please click on the link below:
10 Lessons Sport Training Can Draw From Industrial Design
Barry Lyndon Blu-ray Review
Reviewed by Dr. Svet Atanasov, October 15, 2017
Go on, find the ribbon.
The time period is irrelevant because the dilemma is always the same: should you be a man of principle and risk living a life full of bitter disappointments, or should you steer away from all principles and vigorously pursue your dreams no matter what the moral consequences may be. Think about it. Even today it is always one or the other -- always, there isn't a third option. The choice that you make will then define the person you become, as well as the life that you are going to end up living.The exact same dilemma quickly emerges as the central piece in Stanley Kubrick's film. Initially, Barry Lyndon (Ryan O'Neal) follows his heart but gets cheated and punished, and later on, after he suffers a string of personal failures, he slowly begins to realize that being a man of principle may not be all it's cracked up to be. So he trades his principles for a future that he believes will transform him into a winner.The entire first half of the film is about Barry's gradual transformation from a vulnerable idealist into a suave player who can always correctly guess his opponents' next steps. During the Seven Years' War he comes face to face with death, but instead of reminding him of his righteousness and redirecting his life the experience only further solidifies his decision to use every opportunity he gets to widen the gap between his past and the future he desires. Then as time passes by Barry routinely adopts new identities -- he becomes a shameless seducer, a political informer, even the right-hand man of a notorious cheater with a seemingly endless list of powerful enemies.A lot of what makes this film special has to do with Kubrick's ability to sell it as a beautiful and very elegant period piece, which in a way it actually is. But it is also one of the most cynical dissections of human nature that you are likely to ever see disguised as a period film. Barry's rise to the very top of the social ladder is like a clinical study of the many human flaws and vices that make it possible for opportunists like him to thrive and hurt those that become trapped in their lies and secrets. Quite like an experienced physician, Kubrick provides multiple examples in which he carefully highlights the pain and damages that they inevitably bring with them.As odd as it may sound, however, Barry also emerges as someone that deserves some admiration because he dares to play the system. He isn't a rebel, just a survivor whose best chance to continue to stay alive is to move to the other side, where the winners are. Kubrick understands it and does not mind that once there he decides to take advantage of those that are naive enough to trust him. The rules are different here, and so should be Barry's priorities. It does sound cynical, but it is awfully difficult not to agree with Kubrick's logic.O'Neal was an unusual pick to play the ambitious Irishman as he does not look like an authentic William Makepeace Thackeray character, but there is something about his obvious stiffness in a number of different sequences that actually helps his transformation in the period environment that Kubrick created.The film's visual beauty is absolutely astonishing, though this is hardly surprising. Kubrick, cinematographer John Alcott and production designer Ken Adam are quite simply an unbeatable team.
NEW YORK (MarketWatch) -- International Monetary Fund officials are threatening to suspend aid payments to Greece by the end of June unless euro-zone leaders move to plug a gap of 3 billion to 4 billion euros ($4 billion to $5.3 billion) in the country's rescue program, the Financial Times reported Thursday, citing officials involved in managing the bailout. The gap stems from euro-zone central banks refusing to roll over Greek bonds, the report noted. Officials emphasized that Athens isn't to blame, the report said, noting that one official said the shortfall may force euro-zone finance ministers to discuss "alternate sources' of funding, including the potential for a new bailout program by the end of the year.
Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.
(OPRAH.com) -- Last summer, in the low-tide shallows of Cape Cod, my young son and his best friend hummed a sea snail out of its shell. It's a trick they'd learned from a visiting marine biologist at their school: The children held the shell up to their peachy, softly droning faces and the snail craned its shy neck out to listen. The snail stretched up its tentative little horns and the children smiled back.
Wife appreciates her husband even though his communication style sometimes drives her crazy.
Oh, to be humming and gentle! Me? I'd more likely rap on his shell with restless knuckles: "Anybody home in there? Hel-lo?" I'd nag after his soft, hidden self: "Are you even listening to me? Hel-lo?"
Perhaps I'd chide the snail for acting so withdrawn or accuse him of passive aggression. And I'd wonder, hurt, why he didn't reveal more of himself to me.
There may be much to recommend fierceness as a style of devotion -- what with its hunger and bared teeth, its constant crescendo of connecting -- but patience is a virtue, and I am not virtuous. Silence is golden, and I am not golden. Fools rush in, and, oh, I can be such a fool.
The surest way to intimacy is to turn myself into a kind of whining, boring power tool. I trust I'm correct in my approach here. "What are you thinking? Why did you say that? What did you really mean? Then why did you put your fingers to your forehead like that? Yes, you did." The trick is to locate tiny, remote pockets of privacy and then drill at them -- zjh zjh zjhhhh -- like they're abscesses. The trick is to express love the way a cuckoo clock expresses time. Oprah.com: The most useful communication technique of all time
I have lived with him for 17 years. For 17 years, his dark hair has fallen into his dark eyes. Even now I might catch sight of him at a party and catch my breath because for a second I'm not even sure who he is. "Who is that gorgeous hunk of... Oh! It's my husband!"
He's the kind of person who picks you up from the airport, makes you a cup of tea, and listens while you talk about your feelings, his eyebrows raised in baffled alarm.
Don't Miss Oprah.com: Improve your marriage without talking about it
Oprah.com: Improve your marriage without talking about it Oprah.com: Sometimes opposites really do attract
Oprah.com: Sometimes opposites really do attract Oprah.com: What's wrong with being angry?
He's the kind of person whose affection is a wide and bottomless sea, only the water's maybe not as salty as you thought it was going to be. When he cares daily for our children and me -- lunch, bad dreams, the to-and-fro of car trips and conversation -- I remember the relationship between "tend" and "tender." His heart is a string of mild, sunny days.
And I have loved him like a hurricane. I have loved him like a scalpel. I have loved him like poison ivy on the dog's paws, like a rock in his shoe, like chewing gum stuck under the table of his heart.
Every day for 17 years I have been Columbus sailing up to the continent of his being, and every day for 17 years I have tried to plant my flag on its beach. Some days the gentle people living there have grinned, turned their hands palm up, and offered me unspeakable treasures. Other days, when it seems clear that what I'm spreading is nonnative vegetation and disease, they've chased me away with canoe paddles; they've even suggested to me, through gestures and grimacing, that colonizing might be a funny way to express one's love. Indeed, it might be. Oprah.com: How to really get through to him
He is pressed flat up against the wall of our marriage, and still I'm saying, "Come closer, my darling." But there's no room for him to move, and I'm actually crushing his rib cage a little bit. It's not a Venus/Mars situation as much as an astronaut/moon one. "What's with your whacked-out gravitational field?" I'm asking. "Why are you so far away?"
I want to look at the photo albums from when we were young, from when we were first in love, from when the children were babies. I want him to say, "These photographs fill my heart with a thousand white and flying doves of nostalgia."
And he does, in a way, but the words are about a lamp we once had or a canyon we camped near or the grunting baritone goose impersonation I did while I labored with our firstborn.
He does not talk much about his mother's catastrophically short life, but he might remember suddenly the way she cooked zucchini. He is no fountain spraying silver arcs of feelings into the air, but he's a cupful of snow, and if I'm thirsty, I'd do better to thaw it with my breath than continue to curse the cold. Oprah.com: Take a peek inside the male brain
But sometimes I rail against his otherness as if it were a cage or the tiger in it or one of those wedding sheets with a hole sliced into it for intercourse. When really what I know is this: To chip away at difference is to make the mistake of a lifetime.
You think you want him to serenade you with all your favorite songs -- and you do, of course -- but what you really want is to lie in bed and listen to the love of your life strumming the guitar, singing softly to himself when he thinks everybody's asleep. You think you want the topiary trimmed neatly into the shape of a husband, when what you really want is that wild and sheltering maple, all dappled starlight, its helicopter-seedpods fluttering down in the breeze.
Two identical flints lying side by side in the dark are not exactly going to make a spark now, are they?
For some reason, I am best able to value this -- the difference and distance between two minds -- when the person I'm talking to is a child. In the car, with K.D. Lang on, for example, I say aloud, "Her voice always sounds like something liquid and smooth -- it makes me picture a river of heavy cream rippling down a mountain," and my son says, "I know exactly what you mean. Whenever you talk about time? About this o'clock or that o'clock? I think about lemons." I turn my face to look at him, and he smiles, all mystery and light. Who knew?
Another person is like a geode lined with hidden glittering. On a clear day, I understand this: The crystals wink out at me here and there, and I am filled with gratitude for the unseen. On a foggy day, I wonder about taking a hammer to it, cracking it into a million pieces to get a better look.
Come New Year's Eve, I lie with an ear to his bare chest, talking. I'm talking about my resolution to talk less. I want to listen, accept, and cherish. I'm not a child on the beach, as sweet and sparkling with sand as a sugared pastry, but I'm thinking about the kids with their snail and I'm vowing patience.
"What about you?" I say, when I am nearly done talking, "What's your resolution?"
There's a moment of silence, his strong arms around my back, before he says, "You know when you tear off a piece of floss that's really too short to use but you don't want to waste it so you use it anyways? I'm just going to throw it away and start with a fresh piece. I'm not even going to struggle with it."
I lift my face to look at him, and he smiles and winks. Then he ducks his inscrutable head to kiss me on the mouth.
By Catherine Newman O, The Oprah Magazine © 2009
Subscribe to O, The Oprah Magazine for up to 75% off the newsstand price. That's like getting 18 issues FREE. Subscribe now!
TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Before writing and directing 1992's Reservoir Dogs and 1994's Pulp Fiction, a 25 year old Quentin Tarantino appeared as an Elvis impersonator on a 1988 episode of "The Golden Girls."
The episode in question was "Sophia's Wedding (Part 1)," which originally aired on November 19, 1988. Directed by Terry Hughes, with a script by Barry Fanaro and Mort Nathan, the episode was the sixth of the fourth season. The plot was typical sitcom fare. Aging matriarch Sophia (Estelle Getty) returns to New York for the funeral of a longtime friend. Accompanied by her daughter, Dorothy (Bea Arthur), she meets Max Weinstock (Jack Gilford, known to modern viewers as Bernie from the Cocoon films). Sophia had dreaded seeing him again, for she blamed him for the long-ago demise of her then-husband's eatery. The two reconcile, return to Florida, become lovers, and decide to marry. Meanwhile, Rose (Betty White) and Blanche (Rue McClanahan) have formed a chapter of an unofficial Elvis Presley fan club. The confused Rose accidentally sends the wedding invitations to the Elvis impersonators she had planned to invite to a fan club meeting. Thus, they are the only guests. After the wedding, the assembled Elvii serenade the new bride and groom with "Hawaii Wedding Song," whereupon the episode ends. Tarantino did not appear in the episode's second half one week later.
Tarantino earned the walk-on role due to the efforts of his new manager, Cathryn James. She had taken him as a client after being introduced to him by an existing client, Craig Hamann, a long-time Tarantino friend. Hamann had worked with Tarantino on his first film, they never released My Best Friend's Birthday, in 1987. In the 2005 book Rebels on the Backlot, author Sharon Waxman recounts the tale of how the young actor got the role:
Cathryn Jaymes had taken Hamann on as an actor client after he worked in her office as a secretarial assistant, among his other jobs. One day in the mid-1980s he brought his friend Tarantino around to her office.
At the time, Tarantino didn't have much to recommend him: he was an aspiring actor but not exactly a kid at age twenty-five. He had no credits, no acting reel.
But he he definitely had something. He walked into Jaymes's live-in office in a ripped T-shirt and jeans with his hangdog shuffle, and he did the quintessential Quentin performance, spouting stream-of consciousness movie ideas, holding forth passionately about his favorite movies, about his plans to act and makes movies himself. He was funny, gregarious, charming - and engagingly manic. Jaymes , then thirty-four years old, loved him immediately and at the end of the meeting said simply: "I have no doubt you will become a major force in the industry." She signed him.
...
Tarantino was determined to act, so at first Jaymes got him jobs doing just that. She called up a friend, a casting agent over at the television show The Golden Girls. They needed an Elvis impersonator for one episode, and Jaymes touted her new client as "Elvis meets Charlie Manson." He got the walk-on, his first real job in show business.1
Above: The scene in question.
Interviewed in 1994 by Margy Rochlin for Playboy, Tarantino recalled the experience:
Well, it was kind of a high point because it was one of the few times that I actually got hired for a job. I was one of 12 Elvis impersonators, really just a glorified extra. For some reason they had us sing Don Ho's Hawaiian Love Chant. All the other Elvis impersonators wore Vegas-style jumpsuits. But I wore my own clothes, because I was, like, the Sun Records Elvis. I was the hillbilly cat Elvis. I was the real Elvis; everyone else was Elvis after he sold out.2
(Rochlin's full 1994 Playboy interview can be found here.). Tarantino would also quip that "Bea Arthur is fine after she's had her morning coffee."3 In 2003, he would tell the tale of his audition during his now infamous drunk appearance on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno."
His compensation for the episode, and ensuing residuals, sustained him as he pursued truer interests. In 1992, David Kronke of the Daily News of Los Angeles broached that subject:
The important lesson he learned from the work was how much money one can make doing one little job. "I made $3,000 over the course of a year for a couple of days' work. Every time I was running out of money, I'd get a check for $100 or $200 or $300. It was so great - now I understand why people do this."4
Actor Harvey J. Goldenberg played the minister officiating the wedding of Sophia and Max. He also agrees that Tarantino looked different than the other Elvii. In a recent email to this site, Goldenberg (whose official site is here) remembers the production of the episode in question:
The show rehearsed Mon-Wed as I recall. We gathered around a large table the first day and read through the script. Bea Arthur's big problem was that the bagels and cream cheese they brought in for her didn't taste like New York bagels. While she was never moody, the staff tiptoed around her. On Thursday with did a dry run through in the morning and then another after lunch. We shot the show twice on Friday. First a dress rehearsal with an audience about 2 p.m. and then the final show in front of another audience at night.
...
As for the Wedding sequence, the thing I remember is that I screwed up my last line. I had been letter perfect all during rehearsals. Then the last day, Estelle took umbrage at the expression "Man and wife." She felt it should be "Husband and wife." The writers graciously agreed to change the line to that. Of course I got flustered and said the original line which I think they went with.
"The wedding sequence didn't rehearse any longer than any of the others since the Elvises were not there until Thursday," he says. Of the Elvii assembled on the set , he remembers:
The thing I remembered about the singing Elvises is how few really looked like Elvis. Also how many of the Elvises took themselves seriously. Aside from his being the strangest looking Elvis I can recall seeing, I remember nothing about Quentin Tarantino being on that shoot.
Of the principal members of the cast, and its guest star, Gilford, Goldenberg recalls:
Estelle had the most lines this show and she was nervous about forgetting them. I went over them with her.
Jack Gilford and his wife were both very nice, easy people to be around. They had written a book in 1978 called 170 Years of Show Business .
...
Betty White was very quiet. Sat by herself and knitted.
Rue McClanahan [was] every bit as outgoing and charming in person as her Blanche Devereaux .
(Internal links added). One wonders if Tarantino, the pop culture addict, could resist the temptation to speak with Gilford (of A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum and Save the Tiger, for which he was nominated for an Oscar), Arthur (of TV's "Maude" and "The Sid Caesar Show"), McClanahan, White, and Goldenberg (TV's "That Girl" and "M*A*S*H").
Goldenberg made news earlier this year for witnessing of an airport security incident.
In early days of the Internet, before TV episodes were easily found in DVD box sets and the Youtubes, rumors abounded on the Usenet newsgroups that the famed director had once appeared in an episode of such a tame sitcom. On September 23, 1993, Ola Torstensson, well ahead of the pop culture and Internet curve, noted on rec.arts.movies that he "just felt like pointing out that while Tarantino was writing Reservoir Dogs (and perhaps True Romance) he lived on the money that kept flowing in after he'd once been in a 'Golden Girls' episode playing an . . . . . . Elvis impersonator!"(See also here). There was a little way to confirm the truth of the rumor unless one happened upon a cable rerun. On July 13, 1996, one "MondoFaust" posted an inquiry in the Usenet newsgroup at.video-tape-trading, of all places, asking simply: "Does anyone have a tape of the episode of 'The Golden Girls' on which Quentin Tarantino appeared (pre-Reservoir Dogs) as an Elvis impersonator?" The fourth season of "The Golden Girls" would not be released on DVD until February of 2006 (at which time IGN featured some screen captures highlighting Tarantino).
The Elvis impersonator footage would be re-used in a later episode of the series. Two years later, on May 12, 1990, the second part of a two-part Golden Girls clip show, "The President's Coming! (Part 2)," rebroadcast Tarantino's fateful scene. In that two-part episode, the principal cast remembers certain events of the preceding years as they prepare for a visit by President George H.W. Bush to their home. Prompting the memories is a Secret Service Agent investigating them prior to the President's official visit. The agent specifically asks Sophia why she is also known as Sophia Weinstock, leading to a few clips from the original episode in which Tarantino appeared, if ever so briefly. At the end of the episode, the four Golden Girls meet President Bush, played by an actor who is seen offscreen, save for his hands, which shake those of the main cast. (Harry Shearer played the voice of President Bush.). This episode was written by Marc Cherry, fourteen years before he would achieve massive success as the creator of ABC's "Desperate Housewives." On June 2, 1990, Gilford, also featured in the clip show, died of stomach cancer in Manhattan less than a month after it aired.
UPDATE (11/26/07): See here for a review and analysis of Tarantino's February 22, 1995 appearance on "All-American Girl," the sitcom starring Margaret Cho.
1. Sharon Waxman, Rebels on the Backlot: Six Maverick Directors and How They Conquered the Hollywood Studio System, p. 22-23 (HarperCollins, 2005) (ISBN 0060540176).
2. Margy Rochlin, "Quentin Tarantino. (filmmaker) (Interview)," Playboy, (November 1994).
3. Eleanor Ringel, "Quentin Tarantino Nonfiction," Atlanta Journal Constitution, October 9, 1994.
4. David Kronke, "Violent is the word for Tarantino; Director's zeal is his unbridled passion for film," The Daily News (Los Angeles, CA), October 23, 1992.
Spatial patterns of functional connectivity derived from resting brain activity may be used to elucidate the topological properties of brain networks. Such networks are amenable to study using graph theory, which shows that they possess small world properties and can be used to differentiate healthy subjects and patient populations. Of particular interest is the possibility that some of these differences are related to alterations in the dopamine system. To investigate the role of dopamine in the topological organization of brain networks at rest, we tested the effects of reducing dopamine synthesis in 13 healthy subjects undergoing functional magnetic resonance imaging. All subjects were scanned twice, in a resting state, following ingestion of one of two amino acid drinks in a randomized, double-blind manner. One drink was a nutritionally balanced amino acid mixture, and the other was tyrosine and phenylalanine deficient. Functional connectivity between 90 cortical and subcortical regions was estimated for each individual subject under each dopaminergic condition. The lowered dopamine state caused the following network changes: reduced global and local efficiency of the whole brain network, reduced regional efficiency in limbic areas, reduced modularity of brain networks, and greater connection between the normally anti-correlated task-positive and default-mode networks. We conclude that dopamine plays a role in maintaining the efficient small-world properties and high modularity of functional brain networks, and in segregating the task-positive and default-mode networks. This article is part of the Special Issue Section entitled 'Neuroimaging in Neuropharmacology'.
Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Enlisted is an American comedy television series that premiered January 10, 2014, on Fox.[1][2] Fox placed a 13-episode order for the single-camera comedy in May 2013.[3][4] Despite low ratings, the show received critical acclaim.[5][6]
On March 26, 2014, Fox announced that from April 11, Kitchen Nightmares would be airing in Enlisted's timeslot – effectively removing it from the schedule after nine episodes had aired.[7] On May 7, 2014, Fox canceled the series,[8] but allowed the final four episodes to air in June. The entire first season was released on DVD on December 9, 2014.[9]
Premise [ edit ]
Three very different brothers, each soldiers in the U.S. Army, find themselves all assigned to the same unit: the fictional A Company, 2nd Battalion, 618th Infantry Regiment, 1st Brigade Combat Team, 18th Infantry Division (Mechanized), at the fictional Fort McGee, located in Florida. While the majority of the base is deployed overseas, the two younger brothers (Derrick and Randy) are assigned to rear detachment – the soldiers left behind to take care of the base. The oldest brother, Staff Sergeant Pete Hill, is returned stateside from Afghanistan after punching a superior officer. He is assigned to supervise a platoon of misfits that includes his brothers. While working together, the brothers are able to renew and strengthen their childhood bonds.[10]
Cast [ edit ]
Main cast [ edit ]
Supporting cast [ edit ]
Kyle Davis as Private First Class Dobkiss
Tania Gunadi as Private First Class Cindy Park
Mel Rodriguez as Specialist George Chubowski
Mort Burke as Private First Class Mort Gumble
Michelle Buteau as Private Tanisha Robinson
Maronzio Vance as Private Ruiz
Ross Philips as Second Lieutenant Tyson Schneeberger
Jessy Hodges as Erin
Rob Lamer as Sam
Episodes [ edit ]
The first season aired mostly out of the production order in an effort to build early positive buzz by airing "stronger" episodes first.[11] As a result, some plot points did not play out as intended by the creative team – most noticeably in the fourth episode to air ("Homecoming"), which was the tenth episode produced; there was a jump forward as Derrick was shown to be in a relationship with Erin despite not meeting her until the sixth episode to air, which was the fifth episode produced. This resulted in a "lack of investment in the stakes of said relationship".[12] The football-themed tenth episode had been moved forward to coincide with Super Bowl XLVIII, which took place two days later.
No. Title Directed by Written by Original air date Production
code U.S. viewers
Teleplay by : Jeff Chiang & Eric Ziobrowski June 22, 2014 ( ) 1AWV12[37] 0.90[38] The Hill brothers celebrate Pete's one year anniversary of almost dying in Afghanistan, otherwise known as his "Alive Day." After hearing the funding has been cut for Fort McGee's annual ball, which was going to honor Sergeant Major Cody's 30 years of service, Pete enlists the platoon to create their own ball to honor him. Lori Loughlin makes a cameo appearance as herself, surprisingly showing up after Chubowski invited her to be his date to the ball via an online video.
U.S. ratings [ edit ]
No. Episode Original air date Timeslot (EST) Viewers
(millions) Rating/share
(Adults 18–49) 1 "Pilot" January 10, 2014 ( ) Friday 9:30 pm 2.41[14] 0.7/2[14] 2 "Randy Get Your Gun" January 17, 2014 ( ) 2.01[16] 0.6/2[16] 3 "Pete's Airstream" January 24, 2014 ( ) Friday 9:00 pm 3.23[18] 1.0/3[18] 4 "Homecoming" January 31, 2014 ( ) 2.79[20] 0.8/3[20] 5 "Rear D Day" February 7, 2014 ( ) 1.83[22] 0.7/2[22] 6 "Brothers and Sister" February 28, 2014 ( ) 1.90[24] 0.6/2[24] 7 "Parade Duty" March 7, 2014 ( ) 1.84[26] 0.7/2[26] 8 "Vets" March 14, 2014 ( ) 1.36[28] 0.5/2[28] 9 "Paint Cart 5000 vs. The Mondo Spider" March 28, 2014 ( ) 1.33[30] 0.4/1[30] 10 "Prank War" June 1, 2014 ( ) Sunday 7:00 pm 1.14[32] 0.4/2[32] 11 "The General Inspection" June 8, 2014 ( ) 1.00[34] 0.4/2[34] 12 "Army Men" June 15, 2014 ( ) 1.18[36] 0.4/2[36] 13 "Alive Day" June 22, 2014 ( ) 0.90[38] 0.3/1[38]
Scheduling and cancellation [ edit ]
Fox pulled Enlisted from its schedule after the ninth aired episode on March 28, 2014. The network stated it would air the remaining four episodes at some point, later announcing June 1, 2014 as the restart date. Ratings have been poor, but many who enjoy the show blame the Fox network for that and say Enlisted was doomed from the start with its Friday time slot, being paired with the on-its-last-legs Raising Hope, and episodes airing out of sequence.[39] The program seemed to be headed for cancellation and was officially cancelled on May 7, 2014, despite pleas from fans and some TV writers to keep it on the air.[40] The Army Times wrote an editorial asking Fox to give the show another chance in a better time slot.[41] The final four season one episode were also shown on Hulu.com[42]
Broadcast [ edit ]
The series premiered in Australia on Eleven on May 18, 2014.[43]
The city of Boulder wants to block fracking in the Rocky Mountain state. The liberal enclave has banned the combination of directional drilling and cracking subterranean rock with high-pressure fluids known as fracking within its city limits. And local Democratic U.S. Rep. Jared Polis wanted to enable other communities in Colorado to follow suit. He began collecting signatures for a ballot measure that would have vested authority in municipalities to enact their own fracking regulations, no matter what the state as a whole decides, to control the controversial practice that frees more oil and gas. For good measure, the Democrat also wanted to add another ballot measure that would have required a more than 600-meter buffer zone between drilling rigs and any residences.
The only obstacle standing between Polis and the ballot was his fellow Democrats. Current Gov. John Hickenlooper (D), a proponent of fracking and former oil geologist, believes that the anxiety around the method is not necessarily connected to the facts, yet notes that the abundance of natural gas released by fracking cannot be a fuel supply for the long-term, thanks to climate change. "Several communities, including mine, Fort Collins, have passed laws banning fracking and that has led to a clash between the state and the communities, which is not going to go away easily," says biophysicist Michael Fox of Colorado State University. "While there are certainly problems from fracking…, I believe these can be dealt with if proper regulations are enforced. … The view is just that fracking is bad—end of story."
Fracking has proved a divisive political issue in Colorado but it is hardly the only state struggling with the issue. New York has banned fracking pending an environmental and health review that does not seem to be forthcoming, a delay that has pro-fracking and economically depressed communities in certain parts of the state upset. North Dakota is attempting to lock in the economic gains from an oil boom unleashed by the technique yet restrain its ill effects, such as overstrained public resources and the threat to towns that boom then bust. North Carolina is puzzling out what regulations are appropriate to govern the practice in the state whereas Pennsylvania regulators have been revealed to be too lenient in their oversight. And the gubernatorial race in that state revolves in part around how to impose taxes on oil and gas companies to fund schools and other public goods—an idea John Kasich, the Republican governor of Ohio who is running for reelection, also supports.
The Cook Political Report notes that 2014 is likely to see the largest amount of advertising related to energy and environmental issues like fracking in the U.S.—ever. "Some fall in the 'drill, baby, drill' camp while others fall in the 'ban fracking' camp," explains David Ludlam, executive director of the West Slope Colorado Oil and Gas Association. "Colorado has played the role of petri dish for activists seeking bans, moratoriums and constitutional amendments around banning fracking, and by extension oil and gas drilling."
Science versus politics
The science is in: Drilling and fracking wells can be done safely—but often is not. The only questions that remains is whether the fracking fluids sent underground can leak up through natural or man-made fissures to infiltrate drinking water supplies, which has never been definitively proved or ruled out. Careless companies spill or dump some of the nine billion liters of contaminated water that flows back up fracked wells each day, allowing some of it to foul local waterways. Poorly encasing wells in steel and concrete can also allow fracking fluids to seep into drinking water supplies or natural gas to escape. Sending the undrinkable wastewater back down specially permitted disposal wells has been linked to earthquakes from Ohio to Oklahoma. And methane gas can slowly and steadily leak from wellheads and pipelines, trashing the atmosphere and, potentially, human health.
Colorado became the first state in the nation to attempt to regulate such methane emissions this year. The Colorado Air Quality Control Commission is now in charge of ensuring that any persistent gas leaks from natural gas infrastructure, particularly pipelines and storage tanks, must be fixed within two weeks of discovery as well as inspected on a regular basis. Recent research has found that benzene, hydrogen sulfide and other dangerous gases associated with natural gas drilling can be detected at higher levels in the air near oil and gas wells in Colorado and elsewhere. And, unlike the broader fight, this rule drew support from both environmentalists and industry as well as Democrats and Republicans.
The goal of the state's new regulation is to eliminate carelessness, much the same position espoused by current Sen. Mark Udall, a Democrat facing an election this year. But that's the kind of oil and gas industry–friendly position attacked by fellow Democrats like Polis.
So in a bid to prevent this fault line from becoming a fracture in the general election—as well as staunch some of the inevitable flow of oil and gas money into the elections that would be used against Democrats—Hickenlooper and Polis struck a deal in August. Polis would withdraw his ballot measures and Hickenlooper would set up a task force to examine fracking issues in the state beyond air pollution and make recommendations for new legislation. That 18-member task force is deliberating now.
That does not sit well with fracking activists on either side of the fissure. And the deal has not prevented oil and gas money from flowing into the local elections—for county commissioner and city council, such as in Garfield County in western Colorado, which hosts tens of thousands of working wells—that may determine the fate of fracking in the state.
Still, the deal has put the fracking issue on the back burner in state-level elections at least, which have focused instead on issues such as abortion and even action on climate change. In a televised debate Udall forcefully defended the Obama administration's Clean Power Plan and suggested his GOP opponent, Cory Gardner, did not think climate change is even occurring. Gardner, however, admitted that human pollution contributes to a changing climate but said, "what I am not willing to do is to destroy the economy for policies to address that."
The natural gas freed by fracking is a key part of the Clean Power Plan to reduce greenhouse gas pollution without negative economic impacts. Already, switching from burning coal to burning natural gas to generate electricity has cut U.S. pollution by 10 percent below 2005 levels while the economy continues to grow, a reduction in pollution that has shrunk in more recent years as gas has increased in price. At the same time the Obama administration may soon set national rules for methane leaks similar to Colorado's regulatory experiment. Fracking looks set to be an issue that exposes political fault lines for years to come.
He sparked outrage when he ordered a birthday cake for his son, Adolf Hitler — but now Isidore Heath Campbell insists he's just a misunderstood Nazi dad.
Campbell, 42, says his clan is being “treated like garbage” — all because of his affinity for one of the most evil figures in world history.
“A person makes a person, a name doesn't,” he says in the new documentary “Meet the Hitlers,” released Tuesday on iTunes.
Campbell, of New Jersey, first made headlines in 2008 for complaining that a ShopRite supermarket refused to write his then-7-year-old son's name on a birthday cake.
Days later, Campbell and his then-wife, Deborah, both white supremacists, had their children taken away.
In addition to Adolf, the couple has three other kids, JoyceLynn Aryan Nation, Honzlynn Jeannie and Heinrich Hons, named after Hitler's right-hand man, Heinrich Himmler.
Campbell says his custody battle continues, and has nothing to do with child neglect, News.com.au reported.
“I have different beliefs. I believe in whites (living) with whites, blacks with blacks, Spanish with Spanish,” he says in an excerpt shared by The Atlantic. “I don't see anything wrong with that.”
He continues: “(Child protective services) stripped my kids down in my house, checked my kids all out. They found no child abuse, no nothing. They got a court order and they removed my kids. That was it. I didn't even get to say goodbye.”
In June 2013, he was dressed in full Nazi regalia when he marched into a New Jersey courthouse to try to persuade a judge to allow him visitation with Heinrich, who was taken shortly after his 2011 birth.
The state Division of Youth and Family Services said the boy was removed because of previous violence in Campbell's home.
Meanwhile, Campbell found himself in some more legal trouble when he allegedly assaulted his new fiancée, Bethanie Zito, in southern Pennsylvania.
Campbell — head of the pro-Nazi group Hitler's Order — was arrested as a fugitive in March in Shippensburg on an aggravated assault charge after authorities refused Zito's demand to retract her statements that he had beaten her, MyCentralJersey reported.
In the documentary, Campbell shows a large swastika with the names Aryan, Hitler, Deborah and Honzlynn tattooed on his arm.
“This is my circle of love,” he proudly proclaimed.
Searching for the White Mule
South Dakota jumped the gun on prohibition, passing a “dry” law more than two years before the 18th Amendment bottled up the nation's booze business in 1920. What followed the 1917 South Dakota law and the later federal mandate uncorked a lengthy cat and mouse game. Moonshiners (the manufacturers) and bootleggers (retailers in Model As) became skilled at hiding stills and stashes from state and federal agents and the local law who worked night and day sniffing out the illegal white mule, as many called the homemade brew.
Nearly every South Dakota county and community had its covert booze operations, and most citizens with an occasional or unremitting itch for John Barleycorn knew where to find it. When the South Dakota constitution was drafted in Sioux Falls for a citizen vote in 1889, some wanted prohibition included. Fearful the emotional issue would influence the constitution vote, delegates wrote a prohibition amendment as a stand-alone ballot question.
Both the constitution and prohibition passed, and the 1890 South Dakota legislature framed a law making manufacture, transportation and sale of alcohol illegal.
Five years later, citizens had a change of heart and voted prohibition out. Swinging doors were oiled, shot glasses washed, brass rails polished and the state's often vilified saloons were back in business.
But by 1916, better-organized dry factions - the Anti-Saloon League, churches and the Women's Christian Temperance League headed for decades by Flora Mitchell of Brookings - succeeded in getting another vote that hoisted South Dakotans back up on the prohibition wagon. After considering a state-run liquor business in which state liquor agents would keep names and amounts purchased, legislative reason prevailed. Liquids sold as beverages could have zero percent alcohol. The edict was christened the “bone-dry” law.
To enforce the law, the legislature created the Office of State Sheriff. Later, the 18th Amendment was passed and federal agents were assigned to the state. Even with these units, law enforcement could hardly keep up with the growing number of stills whose operators were merrily churning out and hiding liquor of varying quantity and quality.
Stills steamed away in caves, isolated shacks, cornfields, timber stands, sandy river islands and on isolated farms. Stashes of booze were found in post holes, automobile spare tires, souped-up cars, straw stacks, potato piles, seeder boxes, and even hollow cemetery grave markers.
Hiding the bottled booze was a challenge. Interestingly, post hole digging tools made cool, camouflaged repositories slightly larger than the round alcohol bottles, and post holes could be sunk in the least likely of places, like chicken houses. Weedy road culverts were handy. The augers of idle threshing machines made passable liquor cabinets.
Another clever hiding place was discovered in Brookings County. The county road grader operator discovered more than a dozen one gallon jugs of booze buried up to their corked necks among roadside weeds near Bruce. Opposite each buried bottle, a piece of white cloth was tied to the fence as a subtle marker.
Newspapers were splashed with stories of still or stash discoveries. In 1923, Meade County Deputy Sheriff Fred Westgate said illegal stills were so prevalent in West River country “one can hardly put his foot down without stepping on one.”
A Sisseton farmer sold his powerful homemade “medication” at a rheumatism clinic he founded. A remarkable number of Roberts County men were soon afflicted and sought treatment until the law intervened.
By the 1930s Hank Kempel of Sioux Falls had brought together a group of young toughs to distribute illegal booze trucked in from Al Capone's Chicago monopoly, and local police were soon dealing with what they called “the Kempel Gang.”
Dempster Mayor John DeWall cracked a wry smile in 1931 and appointed a committee to review applications from the five different bootleggers active in Hamlin County for a local distribution franchise. Committee members played along, but wanted samples.
The annual reports of the state sheriff show the extent of the problem. The 1923-24 report cites the arrest of 178 still operators. Concurrently, federal agents, county sheriffs and U.S. marshals were also barging in and breaking up bubbling sites.
After state deputy sheriffs raided the Schwenk farm in Yankton County on Dec. 7, 1921, two trucks hauled away a plethora of beer making gear, including “three testers, 800 quart cans of canned malt, 100 gallons of malt in barrels, twelve quarts Primo, nine cases hops, two bales of hops, three dozen packages of hops, twenty-one capping machines, one can sealer, one box hose holders, two gross cans, seven dozen packages gelatin, 800 pounds of bottle caps, fifteen packages of labels, 78 packages of rubber stoppers, two boxes of siphon hose and 100 pounds of shot.” The pellets were used to help clean particularly dirty beer bottles for reuse.
Later that year at a farm in Hutchinson County, officers arrested L. T. Kleinsasser, W. T. Warne and Peter Hofer, and seized one stove and feed cooker, two sacks of bottles, 300 gallons of mash, one sack of rye, one cooler coil, six barrels, one milk can, one bushel basket and more. Firearms, knives and brass knuckles were often found among the moonshiners' assets. In a 1923 raid near Sisseton, the outraged moonshiner hurled a barbed fish spear at an officer, but missed.
As agents became more proficient at finding stills, moonshiners became more adroit at hiding them. Near Elk Point in late 1924, agents found a 10-by-40-foot cave in a cornfield covered with boards and dirt. The dugout held a 100-gallon capacity still to process 40 awaiting barrels of fermenting mash. Agents also found a six-burner kerosene stove, supplies of sugar, rye and yeast, and an impressive inside water well.
To enter a suspected moonshine cave near the town appropriately named Rumford in Fall River County in 1931, agents climbed down a ladder inside a well and squeezed through a wall opening where they found a 100-gallon still.
More squalid still locations were hidden under hog houses, barn stalls and manure piles. At the Hamandberg farm north of Harrisburg agents found a trap door under a resting cow in a barn stall leading to an underground still. Caves under hog pens were particularly filthy. The dripping effluent percolating from above mixed with the mash, but these “mixed drinks,” did not deter sales. Another common secret ingredient was poison caused by lead from corrosive evaporation coils.
Agents often found mash with drowned mice, bugs and birds floating on top. And in some cases officers had to shoo chickens off mash barrel roosts, but most moonshiners didn't operate this way. They considered their product among the finest available, such as the alcohol made the old-world way by Adolph Schelske of Parkston. His daughter Leona Pietz describes her father's still in a book, Memories of a Bootlegger's Daughter. Leona's daily chore was to carefully stir the fermenting, bubbling mash.
The used mash from Schelske's barrels was discarded through a pipe draining to a nearby stream where, Pietz wrote, the mash attracted and nourished happy fish that were later caught and eaten.
Moonshiner Bert Miller of Hill City was described as a “master distiller” by Carl West, the Minneapolis Prohibition Enforcement Department's chief chemist in 1924. Moonshiners Miller and Schelske were just two of many South Dakotans who sought to perfect their brew.
As prohibition nationally and eventually in South Dakota was ending, federal and state agents raided two “super stills,” one in northern Clay County and another west of Sioux Falls. Both expertly engineered, leading officials to suspect Al Capone's operation in Chicago may have provided financing.
The coming of the automobile was a bootlegger's dream, expanding his territory and his carrying capacity. The largest auto liquor cargo ever found in South Dakota was on July 11, 1932, west of Huron. Officers counted 228 one-gallon tins of booze in Bernard “Bud” Bruns' re-vamped 1932 Buick five-passenger coupe. They also confiscated his .45 caliber pistol and two glass jars filled with roofing nails to throw out and disable police cars during a chase.
Violence was a by-product of the business. Flandreau bootlegger Ira Dawson shot it out with two deputies in White, a small Brookings County town, in May of 1928. Dawson died en route to the Brookings Hospital. At the Chrisman farm near Redfield, bootlegger Chrisman ambushed and killed two agents.
Most state and federal agents were straight arrows, but bad apples did succumb to the lure of payoff money. Verne Miller, a personable, handsome World War I hero from White Lake, became Beadle County Sheriff in 1920, but soon turned south and became a hired killer for eastern mobsters. His killings put him on the FBI's most wanted list, but his underworld enemies found him first.
The superstar of dry agents in South Dakota was Edward L. Senn, the crusading Deadwood Daily Telegram newspaper editor-publisher who became federal prohibition administrator in 1925 and served until national prohibition ended in 1933. He was tireless and often led raids by agents the press called “Senn's Raiders.”
Senn's heart must have been broken when national prohibition ended in 1933. South Dakota and its bone-dry law continued for nearly two more years, much to the chagrin of wets.
The state became an island in a sea of sloshing liquor in surrounding states. Calling a special legislative session to end the bone dry law was made more complicated because Governor Tom Berry feared a just-passed gross income tax vote might crop up in a special session along with the prohibition question.
The wets finally won out in April of 1935, and the state's journey astride the white mule was over.
Editor's Note: Chuck Cecil is a longtime South Dakota author and newspaperman. These stories are condensed from his book Astride the White Mule, the only book ever written about the state's prohibition years. The 200 pp. softcover is available for $15, plus $3 shipping/taxes, from Books, P.O. Box 608, Volga, S.D. 57071. This article is revised from the July/August 2012 issue of South Dakota Magazine. To order a copy or to subscribe, call (800) 456-5117.
The Decent Network is a decentralized blockchain-based P2P platform that allows users to distribute different types of media, including video, software, audio, text and video games.
Think of it like this, if your country limited Internet access making it impossible for the average user to read a newspaper online or watch a video from a different nation, Decent would bypass all barriers and middlemen allowing the user to directly access that content. It's liberating and pretty darn genius. Essentially, Decent works similar to BitTorrent but with added security, anonymity and incentivized rewards via the $DCT cryptocurrency.
Developers are given a chance to create apps using the platform's protocol. This makes it easier for users to share ideas and content without the involvement of third parties. Over time, middlemen in content distribution have manipulated the entire process and undermined the integrity of what's being read or consumed.
How Does Decent Work?
As an innovative way of distributing content, there are two parties involved; the authors of the content and the consumers. Authors can build a reputation based on consumer reviews that are locked into blockchain technology.
The use of the blockchain technology enhances security and promotes trust. Content creators collect payments upon delivery to buyers. They can set their own pricing for content. The transactions are conducted using the Decent ($DCT) cryptocurrency, designed to improve efficiency, mitigate cyberattacks and enable easy validation of transactions.
Moreover, Decent does not place restrictions when it comes to the type of content users can publish or share. This is aimed at ensuring flexibility and promoting innovation. Users and content are anonymous and encrypted by default. That is unless you want your identity attached to whatever you're sharing.
And get this, it's even ready for use. You can download the Decent Platform here.
The Beginnings of the Decent Platform
Matej Michalko and Josef Sevcik divulged plans for the site in a white paper in November 2015 before releasing the prototype in 2016. All transactions are timestamped and verified by the parties involved. Blockchain technology provides robust security using advanced encryption. Decent Network relies on a custom blockchain solution that is coupled with a modified Bit Torrent protocol.
The platform's future releases will gradually add new functionality through the development and launch of new applications. This is aimed at expanding the network's infrastructure. Users gain access to premium content and apps via a built-in app store. Authors are required to upload original content which inspires quality and can be offered to users for a fee or free of charge.
Developers are allowed to audit and reuse the platform's open source code. This is crucial for developing custom builds on top of the Decent Core Network.
Key features of Decent
Users can take advantage of wide-ranging features that help Decent Network standout.
– Seeder settings (seeding costs can be set in fiat currencies)
– Geolocation of seeders
– Purchase $DCT with Changelly (Changelly makes this extremely easy)
– Instant messaging via blockchain
– Author profile (initially only visible to the author)
– Seeder ratings
– Custom tokens
– Decent Go (payment gateway directly from the wallet)
The DECENT Coin and ICO
Users rely on the $DCT cryptocurrency to handle transactions within the Decent Network. The token plays a vital role in facilitating the content publishing and sales process. It also works as a reward for miners and an anti-spam mechanism. The currency is regarded as the fuel of the network.
The Decent's initial offering began on September 11, 2016, and concluded eight weeks later. The ICO raised 5881.44798307 BTC which is a modest amount of capital in 2016 compared to what some other companies have been raising this year. The offering was widely viewed as a major success. The opening day of the Decent ICO attracted significant deposits from a number of active participants. The same applies to the final week of the initial coin offering.
Transactional Security
Decent Network provides advanced security systems that help filter invalid transactions and prevent unauthorized activity. The security protocol uses the principle of consensus to safeguard the integrity of the network. The approach entails agreeing on specific aspects, especially the deterministic order of transactions.
The process not only validates transactions but also ensures irreversibility. The deterministic machine logic plays a crucial role in controlling all blocks. On the other hand, Decent ($DCT) employs the DPoS (delegated Proof of Stake) algorithm, which comprises two components. These include delegation in form of election and stake in form of penalty.
The components generate machine logic that regulates a continuous block assembly. The same applies to the selection of block miners. All activities are handled according to a specific schedule.
Stakeholders participate in the voting on a block by block basis. Meanwhile, delegates are penalized when the network's performance falls below the expected standard. In the event that a particular transaction is declined, it is possible that a double spend may occur. This is caused by the inclusion of the transaction in the blockchain.
DPoS reduces the potential for communication breakdown in the event that one or more miners experience an internet connection malfunction. The core network protocol can detect the loss of a connection and heartbeats with the miners as scheduled. As a result, the remaining miners are required to confirm the transaction.
Under normal circumstances, miners are expected to generate new blocks as per schedule, typically every five minutes. The scheduling can result in a lengthy chain if all miners remain active. Creation of new blocks at unscheduled times is automatically invalidated.
Decent Go: Decent's Native Marketplace
The integration of Changelly (a prominent digital currency exchange) into the Decent Go platform has created an opportunity for mainstream users to purchase Decent tokens. Without Changelly, the process requires you to purchase Bitcoin, transfer to an exchange, and purchase DCT. It is possible to purchase the digital currency directly from the wallet. The integration enables the listing of DCT with more than 70 other cryptocurrencies. In addition, it eliminates the need for users to navigate through an exchange.
The ability to buy $DCT from the Decent Go wallet simplifies the process. This allows inexperienced users to explore the blockchain-based marketplace with ease. The built-in payment gateway is designed to improve convenience It enables users to add DCT to their accounts by depositing traditional currencies using a credit card.
The integration contributes to the removal of barriers to entry and expands the variety of options for both new and existing users. The concept is more likely to help the network grow more rapidly.
Decent Network recently partnered with Dragonfly to bring the power of blockchain technology to gaming. This is another example of how the platform is taking content sharing and consumption to the next level.
Conclusion: Our Thoughts on Decent
Decent is a prime example of a company using blockchain technology that has succeeded in bringing their vision to reality. While content distribution isn't entirely new to the crypto industry, Decent has been one of the most successful companies to bring it to life with their platform ready to use.
Connect with the Decent community on social media to discover new updates:
Facebook – https://www.facebook.com/DECENTplatform/
Twitter – https://twitter.com/DECENTplatform
Instagram – https://www.instagram.com/decentplatform/
LinkedIn – https://www.linkedin.com/company/decent-ngo-/
With their strong team and recent partnerships, Decent is not slowing down to expand and improve their platform. Their willingness to become the leader in decentralized content distribution seems imminent.
Story highlights Suzanne Venker's opinion article on a supposed "war on men" ruffled feathers this week
Sociologist Michael Kimmel counters that efforts at social equality are not a war on men
Men are accustomed to social dominance, Kimmel says, but society is evolving for the better
A sense of entitlement may lead some men to sulk when women succeed, he says
Some years ago, I appeared on a well-known television talk show opposite four "angry white men": four men who believed they had been discriminated against in the workplace by affirmative action programs initiated, they argued, by feminist women.
Each man told his story of how he was qualified for a job or qualified for a promotion that he did not get because of this putative reverse discrimination against white men. One ended his remarks with a line that served as the title for this show: "A black woman stole my job," he declared.
Asked to respond, I had but one question for these guys, a question about the title of the show. Actually, my question was about one word in the title of the show. I wanted to know about the word "my." Why did the men think it was their job? Why wasn't the title of the show "A black woman got a job" or "A black woman got the job"? The answer, I argued, was that these men felt entitled to the position, and that any effort to make the workplace more equal was perceived, by those men, as a loss.
I thought of those men recently while reading Suzanne Venker's addled rant against feminist women as the source of the unhappiness that saturates male-female relationships. I thought of how painful it is when you are used to having everything to now have only 80%. What a loss! Poor us! Equality sucks when you've been on top -- and men have been on top for so long that we think it's a level playing field.
Michael Kimmel
In her screed against women, she argues that women are their own worst enemy, and that the rise of women has caused the "end of men," that men are wilting into angry, resentful bachelorhood because women are demanding so much from men. They're emasculating men, confounding their DNA, which seeks only to provide and protect. Women aren't letting men be men.
Women, Venker writes, have been seduced by feminists into pushing men off their pedestal to "take what they were taught to believe was rightfully theirs." As a result, Venker continues, women have come to believe the adage "women good/men bad" -- an equation that has "destroyed the relationship between the sexes." Men, she tells us, are "tired of being told that if women aren't happy, it's men's fault."
But she is actually arguing that if men aren't happy, it's women's fault -- for seeking the very same exhilarating sense of autonomy and selfhood that men claim as our natural entitled birthright. How dare they?
OK, so what's wrong with this picture? This unhinged argument fuses dreadful history with empirically baseless contemporary analysis. The result cannot help but be bad politics.
This notion of good women/bad men has been the foundation not of feminism but of anti-feminism since the 19th century. Those innocent "angels in the house" were supposed to soothe the savage beast, as men were prone to bouts of rage, drunkenness and other depravities. If women didn't tame men, the anti-feminists argued, all hell would break loose.
Pop psychologists joined the pundits to argue, as does Venker, that if women are unhappy, it's their own damned fault. How many advice columns about "the rules," admonitions about the man shortage or effusive media prostration before three or four upper-class white female Yale grads who "opted out" (only to rejoin the workforce when their children were 5 years old) must we endure? Countless. One needn't be original to be wrong.
In fact, feminism reversed the equation Venker offers. It encouraged women to be bad girls -- to seek their own pleasures, to go for it, autonomously, to leave unhappy marriages, and to control their own bodies. And it encouraged men to be good -- demanded it, in fact -- insisting that men can and should step up as equal parents, colleagues and coworkers, that we stop the rape and violence that so compromised women's equality.
And the empirical evidence suggests that men are quietly adapting to a very new landscape. Most of the 400 young men (aged 16-26) who I interviewed for my book " Guyland " assume, without resentment, that their wives will be as fully committed to their careers as they are. Why? Because they'll need the income. And they assume, with no resentment, that they will be involved fathers, spending far more time with their families than their parents or grandparents ever did. Why? Because they actually want to be involved dads.
They all have friends of the opposite sex ("When Harry Met Sally's" dictum to the contrary), which bodes well for their ability to be more equal coworkers and colleagues with women they consider their peers.
Stop the madness. There's no war between the sexes. Men and women can, and should, be allies. And they are becoming more equal, and happier, every single day.
Men aren't nearly as unhappy or resentful as Venker suggests -- because she only talks to those who feel themselves so entitled that they lament, as did Rush Limbaugh, that the re-election of President Obama was the loss of "our country."
Truth is, in her efforts to exalt men, she actually insults us. Who says we can't be happy with fully equal female colleagues and coworkers? Who says we can't enjoy the joys of shared parenthood? Who says that we are biologically programmed to be both rapacious testosterone-driven animals and lazy remote-hogging couch potatoes unable to lift a finger in the kitchen?
Venker paints a most unyieldlingly awful portrait of men, one that is happily belied by actual, real, American men. And we won't stand for the sort of male-bashing Venker offers. We want it all also -- and the only way we can have it all is to halve it all.
The head of PlayStation in the U.S., Jack Tretton, has stepped down, the company announced today. His last day will be on March 31.
Shawn Layden, who is executive vice president and COO of Sony Network Entertainment International, will take Tretton's position as of April 1.
"This is a result of a mutual agreement between Mr. Tretton and [Sony Computer Entertainment America] not to renew their contractual relationship," Sony said in a press release. Tretton had been with Sony since 1995, and he'd been president of Sony's American division since 2006.
"Working at SCEA for the past 19 years has been the most rewarding experience of my career," Tretton said in the statement. "Although I will deeply miss the talented team at SCEA and the passion demonstrated every day by our fans, I'm very excited about starting the next chapter of my career. I want to thank the employees, partners and customers for their tireless commitment to the PlayStation brand and, of course, to our fans who have pushed us to new heights of innovation and entertainment over the past two decades. I leave PlayStation in a position of considerable strength and the future will only get brighter for PlayStation Nation."
Tretton also posted a message on the PlayStation Blog this afternoon. "We've shared many memories over the past two decades," he wrote, "and I'll always be grateful for your support."
Advertisement
Layden, Sony America's new boss, was a top executive in the company's international digital entertainment division. He has been at Sony since 1996, and speaks fluent Japanese.
In conclusion:
By: Ned Holstein, MD, MS, Founder and Chair of the Board
I am proud to announce our new name, National Parents Organization.
Under this new organizational name, National Parents Organization stands committed to reinforce our mandate:
1) Our vision is gender neutral. Our name should reflect this truth. We are not a “fathers' rights” organization because we do not seek any special rights for fathers. We are a family court reform organization. We believe in shared parenting and parental equality.
2) Our new name will open more doors. More legislators, media, academics, opinion leaders, foundations, corporations, government agencies, child welfare organizations and funders will now be able to hear our message of better lives for children and justice for parents and grandparents.
3) We will achieve “brand differentiation.” There are hundreds of organizations with “fathers” in their name. Our new name will distinguish us.
4) We will benefit from more participation by women. Millions of women support our goals. We want more women in our membership and in our leadership. There are still many women who incorrectly assume we are a “men's club,” and therefore are reluctant to step forward.
What will the name change mean?
Our politics, beliefs, governance, and principles will not change, only our name.
Who decided to make this change?
A year ago, our Board of Directors moved to explore a possible new name. We formed a committee that included me, other Board members, National Executive Director Rita Fuerst Adams, creative writers and wordsmiths, internet gurus, lawyers, marketing and branding professionals, and consultants who manage organizational change. All of this wonderful talent came to us through the donated time and effort of our membership. This group came up with hundreds of names, and then narrowed the list down to four. They presented these names to the Board, which then requested more options, to ensure that we were absolutely on target. At the next Board meeting, “National Parents Organization” was approved.
More Details about Process
Our Naming Committee invented hundreds of names using free-association over numerous sessions. These were quickly whittled down to several dozen leading contenders. Each name was checked to see if it was already trademarked; to see if its online domain name was already taken; to see what comes up if you google it; and to see whether its acronym was satisfactory. We then sorted the candidate names into several baskets: Warm and Fuzzy (eg, “Holding Our Children's Hands”); Evocative or Poetic (eg, “Wings for Children”); Action-Oriented (eg, “Stand Up for Children”); Mission-Descriptive (eg, “EquiParenting Advocates”); Gravitas, Size, or Heft (eg, “National Parents Organization”).
We quickly learned that there is no perfect name. A name that twangs the heart strings may sound whimsical or unserious; a name that describes the mission may lock us into a narrow range of policy options; and one that is action-oriented might inhibit potential joiners, many of whom want to browse and reflect before committing to action.
We know that “National Parents Organization” will disappoint some people—after all, we had many differences of opinion on the Naming Committee and the Board. We even know what many of the criticisms will be. But the Board of Directors and the Naming Committee are all fully convinced that this change will advance our mission.
As the original author of “Fathers and Families,” I more than anyone should be devoted to the old name. But I am delighted with our new name. It will lead us where we need to go. It will further invigorate our efforts. It will open new doors. It will draw in new members and supporters. It will attract more support from women. It conveys gravity of purpose. It allows us to broadcast rather than narrow-cast. It conveys size and importance, distinguishing us from hundreds of “living-room organizations.”
I hope you will join with me in embracing our new name and telling the world our vision of a better life for children, justice for parents, and a stronger America.
Together with you in the love of our children,
Ned Holstein, MD, MS
Founder and Chair of the Board
National Parents Organization
Ryan Giggs has said Manchester United fans must accept Jose Mourinho's defensive approach after they recorded their lowest possession statistics in a Premier League match since Opta records began.
United had just 35 percent possession in Monday's 0-0 draw at Liverpool and Giggs, who spent his entire playing career under Sir Alex Ferguson, said while working as a Sky Sports pundit that the performance was not the style he had come to expect.
When fellow Sky Sports pundit Jamie Carragher asked Giggs whether he would accept the tactics or be frustrated as a United fan, he said: "One hundred percent. That's something we accept at the moment.
"You know, that's the climate that we're in. You see the games coming up -- Fenerbahce, Chelsea, [Manchester] City. If you lose tonight the pressure is on, so you just don't lose -- but then you've got to go and win against Chelsea, you've got to win against Fenerbahce."
35% - Man Utd recorded just 35% possession against Liverpool; their lowest figure in a PL game in Opta's records (2003-present). Passive. - OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 17, 2016
Giggs, who spent the previous two campaigns working as Louis van Gaal's assistant, added: "It's baby steps. It's about getting to the top but it all comes down to results.
"You're seeing the possession there -- 35 percent. Well, last year Louis was going a bit of stick because it was 65 percent, but you've got to win. If you're having 35 percent of the game tonight and you win, then everyone's happy. If you're getting draws continually or you're not winning, that's when the supporters aren't happy."
Asked about Ander Herrera's suggestion that United have to play with the intention of nullifying the opposition in big games, Giggs disagreed.
"No," he said. "Maybe tonight -- you're going against a Liverpool team who, you've seen the build-up, everyone is expecting to blow United away, or to play better than they did.
"Like I said, it's a good draw but you have to beat Fenerbahce on Thursday, then the momentum builds and then you're going into the Chelsea game and Manchester City game full of confidence. But you get beaten tonight and the confidence is gone."
Former United defender Gary Neville, also working as a Sky Sports pundit, said the performance "tells you a little bit about where United are at tonight."
WATCH: @GNev2 says there's no reason at this stage to not trust Mourinho. Full story here: https://t.co/9or23juEEU https://t.co/hIGCQBmAag - Sky Sports MNF ⚽️ (@SkySportsMNF) October 17, 2016
He added: "In Mourinho's first year back at Chelsea he said they weren't ready to win the league and I don't think this Manchester United team are.
"The game plan was good but you've got to be able to counter-attack off of it, and that's the next step to really cause problems, but they didn't really have the quality or the pace to do that.
"United did exactly what Mourinho would have wanted but he said afterwards they fell a little bit short in the attacking third, and they didn't get enough set-pieces either.
"I think there have been three or four bad transfer windows [before the summer], but I think the team will have gone up in his estimation tonight."
He said Mourinho may need "one or two more transfer windows" to address the "jump in quality that's required."
He added: "He'll be brutal and clinical in terms of the players he doesn't want, he'll know already who he wants. He'll know what he needs and he'll be identifying those weaknesses already and thinking of shifting those players out.
"But there's no reason at this stage to not trust Mourinho as a Manchester United fan. There's no point sitting here and saying, 'Well, can he do it this time?' He's done it wherever he's been."
Welcome back to Top Shelf Prospects, the daily column that brings you the next crop of professional hockey players. Each day I will bring you a new player profile or topical article in the lead-up to the 2015 NHL Draft. Be sure to bookmark the site, follow me on Twitter, and spread the word for the site that will bring you analytical and critical profiles and scouting reports! Last Word On Sports is your new headquarters for everything “Draft”! For a Complete Listing of all our 2015 Draft Articles Click here.
Jacob Larsson has split the season playing for Frolunda in the SHL, and with their U20 team in the Swedish Junior League. Playing against men, he has put up 3 points in 20 games. Playing in the under 20 leagues, he had 8 goals and 19 points in 30 games. Larsson also played on Sweden's team at the IIHF U18 World Championships, picking up three assists in five games, while the Swedes fell to Canada in the quarterfinal of the tournament. He also played at last summer's Ivan Hlinka Memorial tournament. Larsson has gotten better as the season has gone along, and is rising quickly up draft boards. Some even see him challenging Oliver Kylington for the title of the best Swedish defenceman in this draft class, something that few would have bet on before the season.
Jacob Larsson
Defense — shoots Left
Born Apr 29 1997 — Ljungby, SWE
Height 6.02 — Weight 191 [188 cm/87 kg]
Jacob Larsson is a very good skater. He has a very smooth stride, which generates very good top end speed and strong acceleration in both directions. His edgework, pivots, and agility are all extremely good, making Larsson a very difficult defender to beat one-on-one off the rush. He is strong on his skates and has good balance, allowing him to be physical in puck battles and in clearing the crease. He is tough to knock off the puck when he has it on his stick.
Jacob Larsson is not flashy, but he has solid all-around skill. His wrist shot and slapshot are good, but not bombs. He is extremely smart though, and makes sure to get it on net, and keep it low for rebounds and tip-ins. He shows good poise with the puck on his stick and makes smart plays. Larsson's vision and passing skill is excellent. He makes a great first pass out of his zone, and can make the long stretch pass if a forward is open. He has not really shown the passing skills in the offensive zone though, he's decent back there, but his ability as a “power play quarterback” seems limited. Larsson isn't one to lead the rush and go coast to coast very often, but he can join as a trailer and let go his accurate shot. Going forward he would not likely be on an NHL team's first unit powerplay unless he shows huge improvements in the next couple years, but he does have some skill and could be part of a second unit.
Larsson's defensive game is his real strength. He is gritty and willing to battle in front of the net and in the corners but is not one to throw big hits. He could use an increase in upper body strength to play at the pro level though. Larsson reads the play well and has very good positioning. He is willing to block shots and uses an active stick to cut down passing lanes. He has very good gap control and forces opposing forwards to the outside. When he gets the puck, Larsson moves it out of the zone quickly and starts the transition game. He also can skate the puck out of pressure on the forecheck.
Jacob Larsson may not be the flashiest player, but he is extremely effective. His solid two-way game gives him the cieling to be a top pairing defender if he can reach his potential. At 6'2″ he has the size teams covet and this should certainly help his draft stock. That said he could stand to add some upper-body muscle and strength. Larsson's game is reminiscent of Jay Bouwmeester of the St. Louis Blues, but this is a style comparison and not a talent one.
Below are some videos of Jacob Larsson in action.
Bookmark the site and check back tomorrow for the #26 prospect on my NHL draft board.
Over the years, investigators have been successful in capturing some of the world's most notorious serial killers. A shattered world can find peace of mind now that the cold-blooded killer is safely in the justice system. However, in other cases, there are some that have slipped through the hands of investigators and are still on the loose.
Mary Ellen O'Toole, the director of the forensic science program at George Mason University and a retired FBI agent and profiler, told People what to look out for when it comes to a suspected serial killer. She revealed, “What I would say is that when you are dealing with a serial killer, they tend to be very predatory individuals. They are hunting human beings. The predatory behavior has to do with looking for women ultimately to murder.”
Unfortunately, some of these predators are not all safely locked away. Some are still out there, somewhere…
10. Charlie Chop-Off
Named after his notorious killing methods, “Charlie Chop-Off” (named after his gruesome killing technique) targeted young African-American boys in Manhattan between 1972 and 1974. His first victim was Douglas Owen, aged just 8-years-old, his body was found on a rooftop in Manhattan. Owen had been stabbed 38 times, and his genitals mutilated – proving the perpetrator was as sinister as they come.
Following the brutal murder of Owen, there were 4 similar bodies found, all with the same wounds, and all young boys. However, one victim, a young Puerto Rican boy who had been left for dead, had miraculously survived, based on his witness account police were able to arrest their prime suspect, a man named Erno Soto. He confessed to one of the murders but was considered unfit for trial, and with a lack of evidence to tie in with his confession, he was never convicted – instead sent to live out the rest of his years in a mental institution.
Soon after Soto's return to the institution, Charlie Chop-Off's signature killing technique ended. Was Soto the real killer or was Charlie Chop-Off playing with the minds of investigators?
9. The Mad Axeman of New Orleans
During the early 1900s, The Mad Axeman or New Orleans terrorized the area and brutally split the heads open and chopped the limbs off twelve men and women. He would enter the homes of his victims through the back doors and slay them with either an axe (which often belonged to the household) or a straight razor. No items would be stolen from the home and this would happen on several different occasions. As the attacks were mostly on Italian immigrants, criminologists today believe they were ethnically motivated crimes.
No items would be stolen from the home and this took place on several different occasions. As the attacks were mostly on Italian immigrants, criminologists today believe they were ethnically motivated crimes.
Citizens were clearly terrified and adding to the frenzy The Mad Axeman contacted the newspapers and declared the date he would kill next – although he said those who played loud Jazz music from their homes would be spared.
His full letter read:
Hell, March 13, 1919
Esteemed Mortal:
They have never caught me and they never will. They have never seen me, for I am invisible, even as the ether that surrounds your earth. I am not a human being, but a spirit and a demon from the hottest hell. I am what you Orleanians and your foolish police call the Axeman.
When I see fit, I shall come and claim other victims. I alone know whom they shall be. I shall leave no clue except my bloody axe, besmeared with blood and brains of he whom I have sent below to keep me company.
If you wish you may tell the police to be careful not to rile me. Of course, I am a reasonable spirit. I take no offense at the way they have conducted their investigations in the past. In fact, they have been so utterly stupid as to not only amuse me, but His Satanic Majesty, Francis Josef, etc. But tell them to beware. Let them not try to discover what I am, for it were better that they were never born than to incur the wrath of the Axeman. I don't think there is any need of such a warning, for I feel sure the police will always dodge me, as they have in the past. They are wise and know how to keep away from all harm.
Undoubtedly, you Orleanians think of me as a most horrible murderer, which I am, but I could be much worse if I wanted to. If I wished, I could pay a visit to your city every night. At will I could slay thousands of your best citizens, for I am in close relationship with the Angel of Death.
Now, to be exact, at 12:15 (earthly time) on next Tuesday night, I am going to pass over New Orleans. In my infinite mercy, I am going to make a little proposition to you people. Here it is:
I am very fond of jazz music, and I swear by all the devils in the nether regions that every person shall be spared in whose home a jazz band is in full swing at the time I have just mentioned. If everyone has a jazz band going, well, then, so much the better for you people. One thing is certain and that is that some of your people who do not jazz it on Tuesday night (if there be any) will get the axe.
Well, as I am cold and crave the warmth of my native Tartarus, and it is about time I leave your earthly home, I will cease my discourse. Hoping that thou wilt publish this, that it may go well with thee, I have been, am and will be the worst spirit that ever existed either in fact or realm of fancy.
The Axeman
Just as quickly as the murders started – they soon stopped. The Mad Axeman was never caught, his identity never revealed, but the citizens of New Orleans still shudder when they think about this brutal time in history.
8. The Cleveland Torso Murderer
In 1934, the torso of a slain woman, with her thighs still attached and skin a color that would suggest her body had been doused in chemicals, was discovered washed up on the shore of Lake Erie, Cleaveland, Ohio. Sadly the victim could not be identified as the head was never recovered and this crime marked just the beginning of the gruesome “Cleveland Torso Murders.”
A year later, another body, belonging to a man who was naked apart from only a pair of socks, was found – his genitalia and head were missing. Not far from this body, a second male victim – again with missing head and genitals – was also discovered. Both corpses had the same chemical treatment on their skin as the first victim and word spread amongst locals there was a serial killer known as “The Butcher” on the loose. Altogether, 12 dismembered bodies were found and the slayings were labeled “The Butcher's Dozen.”
A man named Eliot Ness, who at the time was the Public Safety Director of Cleveland, dedicated time to catching the killer – but he got nowhere. Even at one point in the investigation, The Butcher taunted Ness by placing the remains of two victims in full view of his office in city hall. The crimes that always haunted Ness also still leave locals in the area with a twisted feeling in their stomach.
7. The Long Island Serial Killer
The Long Island Serial Killer has frustrated the FBI as they have spent nearly ten years trying to catch up with the killer. More than ten bodies have been discovered around Long Island's Gilgo Beach in New York.
The first four sex workers the killer targeted were women who had made contact via an advert online. They had also made contact via a cell phone, which had been destroyed following the crimes.
Criminal profiler John Kelly also revealed to People that the killer is “such a good talker that he is able to find out if the girls are being watched over, if they have a pimp — he's going to talk to make sure its safe to pick them up.” He added, “He has probably talked to a lot of women that didn't know he talked to them. If you look at the four girls, the specific four girls from Gilgo, they are not from New York City. They are from different areas, upstate New York and different states. They may not have the street smarts that a girl in New York City might have.”
The hunt for the Long Island Serial Killer still continues today and will hopefully be solved before he claims another victim.
6. Phantom Killer/The Moonlight Murderer
The Phantom Killer, also known as The Phantom Slayer, is the name the media dubbed the suspect who carried out the Texarkana Moonlight Murders during the late 1940s. A string of single murders and double murders throughout the summer of 1946 sent the town of Texarkana, Texas, into into a state of panic.
At sundown, citizens would lock themselves in their homes, heavily armed and police would patrol the streets. Businesses that opened throughout the night lost their customers but for those that sold weapons and ammunition, their trade had never been better.
Others, mostly young adults, decided to take matters into their own hands and would lay bait for the Phantom Killer so they could capture of kill him. Eventually, three months after there were no more murders, the frenzy died down – the long summer was the inspiration for the horror movie The Town That Dreaded Sundown.
The fifth mirror for the Giant Magellan Telescope (GMT) is now being cast, according to an announcement from the Giant Magellan Telescope Organization (GMTO), the body behind the project. The GMT is a ground-breaking segmented telescope consisting of 7 gigantic mirrors, and is being built at the Las Campanas Observatory, in Atacama, Chile.
The mirrors for the GMT are being cast at the Richard F. Caris Mirror Laboratory, at the University of Arizona. This lab is the world centre when it comes to building large mirrors for telescopes. But in a lab known for ground-breaking, precision manufacturing, the GMT's mirrors are pushing the engineering to its limits.
Seven separate mirrors, each the same size (8.4 meters,) will make up the GMT's primary mirror. One mirror will be in the centre, and six will be arranged in a circle around it. Each one of these mirrors is a 20 ton glass behemoth, and each one is cast separately. Once the seven are manufactured (and one extra, just in case) they will be assembled at the observatory site.
The result will be an optical, light-gathering surface almost 24.5 meters (80 ft.) in diameter. That is an enormous telescope, and it's taking extremely precise engineering and manufacturing to build these mirrors.
The glass for the mirrors is custom-manufactured, low-expansion glass from Japan. This glass comes as blocks, and each mirror requires exactly 17,481 kg of these glass blocks. A custom built furnace and mold heats the glass to 1165°C (2129°F) for several hours. The glass liquefies and flows into the mold. During this time, the mold is rotated at up to 5 rpm. Then the rotation is slowed, and for several months the glass cools in the mold.
After lengthy cooling, the glass can be polished. The tolerances for the mirrors, and the final shape they must take, requires very careful, extremely accurate polishing. The first mirror was cast in 2005, and in 2011 it was still being polished.
The mirrors for the GMT are not flat; they're described as “potato chips.” They're aspherical and parabaloidal. They have to be surface polished to an accuracy of 25 nanometers, which is a fraction of the wavelength of light.
“Casting the mirrors for the Giant Magellan Telescope is a huge undertaking, and we are very proud of the UA's leading role creating this new resource for scientific discovery. The GMT partnership and Caris Mirror Lab are outstanding examples of how we can tackle complex challenges with innovative solutions,” said UA President Robert C. Robbins. “The University of Arizona has such an amazing tradition of excellence in space exploration, and I have been constantly impressed by the things our faculty, staff, and students in astronomy and space sciences can accomplish.”
Mirror construction for the GMT is a multi-stage process. The first mirror was completed several years ago and is in storage. Three others are in various stages of grinding and polishing. The glass for mirror 6 is in storage awaiting casting, and the glass for mirror 7 is on order from Japan.
Once completed, the GMT will be situated in Atacama, at the Las Campanas Observatory, where high-elevation and clear skies make for excellent seeing conditions. First light is planned for the mid 2020's.
The GMT will be the largest telescope in existence, at least until the Thirty Meter Telescope and the European Extremely Large Telescope supersede it.
“Creating the largest telescope in history is a monumental endeavor, and the GMT will be among the largest privately-funded scientific initiatives to date,” said Taft Armandroff, Professor of Astronomy and Director of the McDonald Observatory at The University of Texas at Austin, and Vice-Chair of the GMTO Corporation Board of Directors. “With this next milestone, and with the leadership, technical, financial and scientific prowess of the members of the GMTO partnership, we continue on the path to the completion of this great observatory.”
The power of the GMT will allow it to directly image extra-solar planets. That alone is enough to get anyone excited. But the GMT will also study things like the formation of stars, planets, and disks; the assembly and evolution of galaxies; fundamental physics; and first light and re-ionization.
The Giant Magellan Telescope is one of the world's Super Telescopes that we covered in this series of articles. The Super Telescopes include the:
Giant Magellan Telescope
James Webb Space Telescope
Thirty Meter Telescope
European Extremely Large Telescope
Large Synoptic Survey Telescope
Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope
You can also watch our videos on the Super Telescopes: Part 1: Ground Telescopes, and Part 2: Space Telescopes.
CHARLES DRAPER, WHOSE EPONYMOUS LABORATORY developed the guidance systems for Apollo spacecraft, referred to inertial navigation as “astronomy in a closet.” It is based on a celestial reference system but is at the same time a self-contained process.
Inertial guidance systems determine location and orientation not from sightings of the stars or landmarks, nor from signals from the ground, but solely from instruments carried aboard a moving craft.
The Apollo astronauts were able to navigate to the moon because they had four sets of information. First, they knew where they were when they started. Inertial systems measure change from a single starting point and within a frame of reference (which indicates true vertical and two axes at right angles to the vertical and each other). Instrument measurements provide the three remaining sets of information: changes in acceleration, time, and rotation. Accelerometers enable pilots (or their computers) to calculate speed and, by integrating speed and time, distance. Changes in rotation, including heading, are the province of gyroscopes, mechanical devices consisting of a spinning wheel mounted in one or more gimbals.
One of the simplest of such devices, the turn indicator on a light aircraft, operates on the same principle as do the massive, complex gyroscopes that help maintain the orientation of the International Space Station. That principle is gyroscopic inertia, the tendency of rotating objects to maintain a fixed orientation, resisting forces trying to tilt them. Gun makers take advantage of gyroscopic inertia by cutting grooves in the interior of a gun barrel to impart spin to the exiting bullet and so keep its path straight.
The gyro wheel on an airplane's turn indicator, driven by a stream of air to spin as fast as 10,000 revolutions per minute, imparts a stabilized reference line, or axis, against which rotations can be measured. When a rotational force, or torque, is applied to the gyro assembly, the assembly reacts in a predictable way: It resists the torque and rotates instead about its gimbal axis. The predictability of this action enabled engineers to design the device that measures an airplane's rate of turn. When an airplane turns right, the gyroscope turns over left; the top of the wheel moves over in the opposite direction.
In the 1980s, laser gyroscopes began to take over the work of their mechanical, and later, electronic, forebears, without the slightest resemblance in principle or operation to the earlier devices. The idea behind the ring laser gyroscope actually dates back to 1913, when a French physicist, Georges Sagnac, experimented with rays of light moving in opposite directions around a circular cavity on a turntable. Sagnac showed that when he rotated the turntable, the light traveling with the rotation arrived at a target slightly after the light traveling against the rotation. He believed he had proven the existence of ether in space. In fact, he was demonstrating a property of light that came to be understood much better with the invention of the laser in the 1950s.
A laser (light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation) operates by exciting atoms in a plasma to release electromagnetic energy, or photons, in a cavity. Each end of the cavity reflects the energy back and forth, and it forms a standing wave pattern. The wave frequency—its pattern of peaks and troughs—is determined in part by the length of the cavity.
“If you had a linear laser and the light bounced back and forth between two mirrors at either end, and if you [increased] the spacing between those two mirrors slightly, you would actually stretch the wavelength of the light in the cavity,” explains James Koper, the manager of ring laser gyro components for Kearfott Navigation and Guidance Systems, which manufactures the laser gyroscopes used in the B-2 bomber, the Global Hawk reconnaissance craft, and the Joint Stand-off Weapon, a glide bomb.
“What causes the light to stretch? The fact that it had to go farther. Because when it comes back, it has to come back exactly the same way it left,” says Koper. “It has to resonate.”
Sagnac's counter-rotating beams of light are analogous to beams in a linear cavity. If the turntable rotates clockwise, the beam traveling clockwise has farther to go to catch its starting point; the path of the counterclockwise beam is shorter.
The new BMW 5 Series and Concept X2 are getting all the attention, but BMW will also bring a new i8 Protonic Dark Silver Edition to NAIAS. What sets this limited-edition model apart is a special exterior paint finish. It rides on the same platform with the BMW plug-in hybrid technology.
The performance car should attract plenty of attention at the BMW stand where the Bavarian automaker will also bring the new 5 Series, X2 Concept, new 6 Series and the M6 GT3. BMW will also showcase the i3 offering a range of up to 300km with the new 94-ampere-hour model. BMW says with its new BMW i Wallbox, a battery charge level of 80 percent can be achieved in less than three hours.
The i8 is the future of eco-performance
But the i8 is the future of high-performance sports cars as BMW ramps up development of eco-performance. The new limited-edition BMW i8 Protonic Dark Silver Edition features an exterior paint finish in Dark Silver with selected accents in Frozen Grey metallic. It accentuates the unique vehicle design and it should be an attention-getter at the show.
The BMW i8 is powered by a powerful plug-in hybrid system with the combination of BMW eDrive technology and a BMW TwinPower Turbo 1.5-liter, 3-cylinder gasoline engine. You can see the i8 Protonic Dark Silver Edition at the BMW booth at the North American International Auto Show that runs January 9-22 in Detroit.
Photo credit: BMW
Over the years, more than 100 City players have represented 29 different nations at full international level, amassing nearly 800 caps between them and scoring well over 50 international goals.
This season, in a new series, Club Historian John Hutchinson looks at these players and at the footballing background of the countries they played for.
The Player - Kasey Keller
Goalkeeper Kasey Keller is the only Leicester City player to be inducted into the USA Soccer Hall of Fame. After playing for the University of Portland and Portland Timbers, he made over 200 appearances in four years for Millwall before signing for Martin O'Neill's Leicester City in August 1996 for £900,000.
He helped his newly-promoted club to top-ten finishes for each of his three seasons at Filbert Street, during which he also played in two League Cup Finals, (winning one) and in a UEFA Cup campaign. Whilst at Leicester Kasey won 21 of his 102 international caps. Kasey then spent two years in Spain with newly promoted Rayo Vallecano in La Liga before returning to the Premier League with Tottenham Hotspur on a free transfer in August 2001.
He conceded the last-ever goal at Filbert Street when he was beaten by Leicester's Matt Piper. He played every minute of every game for Tottenham in 2002/03 and 2003/04, although he did concede four goals to Leicester City at White Hart Lane in a 4-4 draw in February 2004.
After two seasons at Bundesliga side Borussia Mönchengladbach between 2005 and 2007, Kasey spent a final season (2007/08) in England with Fulham in the Premier League, before returning to the USA with Seattle Sounders between 2009 and 2011. As an international, Kasey played in the World Cup Finals in 1990, 1998, 2002 and 2006. He was CONCACAF Gold Cup winner 2002, 2005, 2007. He also played in the USA's 1996 Olympic team.
The Country - USA
Many attempts to establish soccer in the USA had already failed when two professional soccer leagues were established in 1967. These were the FIFA-sanctioned United Soccer Association and the unsanctioned National Professional Soccer League, which featured the ex-Leicester City star, Howard Riley, who played for Atlanta Chiefs.
These merged in 1968 forming the North America Soccer League (NASL). This attracted ageing top players like Pelé, Franz Beckenbauer, George Best and Johan Cruyff, not to mention the ex-Leicester City players Keith Weller, the Birch and Frank Worthington. It collapsed in 1984 due largely to over expansion.
Its successor, Major League Soccer (MLS), was conceived as part of the USA's successful bid to stage the 1994 World Cup Finals. Starting with 10 teams in 1996, it now consists of 20 teams, 17 from the USA and three from Canada.
The season runs from March to December and, since the Designated Player Rule of 2007, has featured players like David Beckham, Thierry Henry and, currently, Steven Gerrard. Internationally the USA men's team competed in the World Cup Finals in 1930, 1934, 1950, and then in every World Cup since 1990.
Highlights included finishing third in 1930, defeating England in 1950, hosting the World Cup Finals in 1994, reaching the quarter-finals in 2002 and winning its group in 2010. They were finalists in the 2009 Confederations Cup and have won the CONCACAF Gold Cup five times between 1991 and 2013. In addition, the USA women's team have won three World Cups, four Olympic Golds and are top of the FIFA Women's World rankings.
Dzanc Books Announces $10,000 Fiction Prize
Electric Literature Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 21, 2016
Writers, check this out: Dzanc Books has announced their inaugural “Dzanc Books Prize for Fiction” with a $10K prize and publication with the press in the fall of 2017. You may know of Dzanc Books as the publisher of books by authors such as William Gay, Jac Jemc, Shya Scanlon, Carmiel Banasky, Andrew Sullivan, and more. Here's a great chance to get your name on that list.
The full press release is below.
For Immediate Release
CONTACT: michael@dzancbooks.org
Dzanc Books Announces Inaugural Dzanc Books Prize for Fiction
New York, NY (March 21, 2016): The Dzanc Books Prize for Fiction recognizes daring, original, and innovative writing. A $10,000 advance and publication in Fall 2017 by Dzanc Books will be awarded to the winner. Finalists will be compiled in-house and passed along for evaluation by this year's judges: Carmiel Banasky (The Suicide of Claire Bishop), Kim Church (Byrd), and Andrew F. Sullivan (Waste).
Dzanc Books has championed a number of formally innovative works and writers, and our judges are an excellent example of the importance of fostering and cultivating the careers of our authors. Kim Church won the Crook's Corner Book Prize for Best Debut Novel set in the South and the Independent Publisher Book Award Bronze Medal for Literary Fiction for her marvelous debut, Byrd. Carmiel Banasky, with her own debut, The Suicide of Claire Bishop, received glowing praise, including starred reviews from Publisher's Weekly and Library Journal. Most recently, Andrew Sullivan's novel, Waste, has quickly climbed to the top of readers' to-read piles and has been featured on a number of writers to watch lists.
The contest is open to new, upcoming, and established writers alike. Agented submissions are also eligible. All submitted works must be previously unpublished novel-length manuscripts and should include a brief synopsis, author bio, and contact information. The full work should be formatted as a Word .doc or .docx file free of page numbers, headers, or footers.
We will accept submissions from April 1st, 2016 through September 30th, 2016 via our Submittable page. There is a $25 submission fee. (Note: we will not accept physical entries.) The winner will be notified directly on November 1st, 2016, and a public announcement will follow on the Dzanc Books webpage.
Dzanc Books is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. All contest fees will go toward funding the prize as well supporting Dzanc's commitment to producing quality literary works, providing creative writing instruction in public schools through the Dzanc Writers-in-Residence program, and offering low-cost workshops for aspiring authors. In addition to this year's prize for fiction, Dzanc will also operate its annual Short Story Competition and Nonfiction contests.
URL: https://dzancbooks.submittable.com/submit
Jan Kwasniewski developed his Optimal Diet something like 40 years ago and it has become extremely popular in Poland.
Kwasniewski recommended that adults should eat in the ratio
60 g protein – 180 g fat – 30 g carbohydrate
(Source).
In terms of calories this is roughly 240 calories protein / 1640 calories fat / 120 calories carbohydrate on a 2000 calorie diet.
The Perfect Health Diet proportions are more like 300 calories protein / 1300 calories fat / 400 calories carbohydrate. So the diets would be similar if about 300 calories, or 15% of energy, were moved from fat to carbohydrate in the form of glucose/starch (not fructose/sugar!).
Note that we recommend obtaining at least 600 calories per day from protein and carbs combined. This ensures adequate protein for manufacture of glucose and ketones in the liver. But the Optimal Diet prescribes only 360 calories total (less in women), suggesting that gluconeogenesis cannot, over any long-term period, fully make up for the dietary glucose deficiency.
In the book, we note that a healthy body typically utilizes and needs about 600 glucose calories per day. On the Bellevue All-Meat Trial in 1928 Vilhjalmur Stefansson ate 550 protein calories per day, which is probably a good estimate for the minimum intake needed to prevent lean tissue loss on a zero-carb diet.
With only 360 carb plus protein calories per day, the Optimal Diet forces ketosis if lean tissue is to be preserved. Since at most 200 to 300 calories per day of the glucose requirement can be displaced by ketones, the Optimal Diet is living right on the margin of glucose deficiency.
Gastrointestinal Cancers in Optimal Dieters
I learned over on Peter's blog that Optimal Dieters have been dying of gastrointestinal cancers at a disturbing rate. Recently Adam Jany, president of the OSBO (the Polish Optimal Dieters' association), died of stomach cancer at 64 after 17 years on the Optimal Diet. Earlier Karol Braniek, another leader of the OSBO, died at 68 from duodenal cancer.
A Polish former Optimal Dieter who has now switched to something closer to the Perfect Health Diet noted that gastrointestinal cancers seem to be common among Optimal Dieters:
The impression we get is that there's rather high occurrence of gut cancer, including stomach, duodenum, colon … [source]
I want to talk about why I think that is, since the danger that the Optimal Dieters are discovering was one of the key factors leading us to formulate and publish the Perfect Health Diet.
Zero-Carb Diets Can Induce Mucus Deficiency
I ate a high-vegetable but extremely low-carb diet from December 2005 to January 2008. At the time I thought I was getting about 300 carb calories a day, but I now consider this to have been a zero-carb diet, since I don't believe carb calories are available from most vegetables. Vegetable carbs are mostly consumed by gut bacteria, whose assistance we need to break down vegetable matter, or by intestinal cells which consume glucose during digestion.
Throughout my 2 years on this zero-carb diet, I had dry eyes and dry mouth. My eyes were bloodshot and irritated, and I had to give up wearing contact lenses. Through repeated experiments, I established that two factors contributed to the dry eyes – vitamin C deficiency and glucose deficiency. After I solved the vitamin C issue, I did perhaps 50 experiments over the following few years, increasing carbs which made the dry eyes go away and reducing them which made them immediately come back. This established unequivocally that it was a glucose deficiency alone that caused the dry eyes.
Rebecca reports similar symptoms in herself and her low carb friends.
This is also a well-known symptom during starvation. As a review cited by LynMarie Daye (and referenced by CarbSane in the comments) notes,
Since hepatic glycogen stores are depleted within 24 h of fasting, blood glucose concentrations are maintained thereafter entirely through gluconeogenesis. Gluconeogenesis is mainly dependent on protein breakdown (a small amount comes from the glycerol released during lipolysis) and it thus results in protein wasting. It is the effects of protein malnutrition that lead to the eventual lack of ability to cough properly and keep the airways clear, in turn leading to pneumonia and death during prolonged starvation; hypoglycaemia does not occur. [1]
Another common symptom of very low carb diets is constipation. This is often attributed to lack of fiber, but I am skeptical. I will get to the various possible causes of constipation in a future post, but for now I'll just point out that a deficiency of gastrointestinal mucus would create a dry colon and cause constipation.
What connects a zero-carb diet to dry eyes, dry mouth, dry airways, and dry gastrointestinal tract?
Tears, saliva, and mucus of the sinuses, airways, and gastrointestinal tract are all comprised substantially of glycoproteins called mucins. Mucins are primarily composed of sugar; they typically have a number of large sugar chains bound to a protein backbone.
For instance, the main mucin of the gastrointestinal tract, MUC2, is composed of a dimerized protein – each protein weighing 600,000 Daltons individually, so 1.2 million Daltons for the pair – plus about 4 million Daltons of sugar, for a total mass of 5 million Daltons. In the mucus, these large molecules become cross-linked to form “enormous net-like covalent polymers.” (source)
If, for whatever reason, mucin production were halted for lack of glucose, we would have no tears, no saliva and no gastrointestinal or airway mucus.
Mucin Deficiency Causes Cancer
There is a strong association between mucus deficiency and gastrointestinal cancers.
H. pylori is the strongest known risk factor for stomach cancer. [2] H. pylori infection is found in about 80% of gastric cancers. [3] One reason H. pylori promotes stomach cancer so strongly may be that it diminishes mucus in the stomach, as this photo shows:
Top: Normal stomach mucosa. Bottom: Stomach mucosa in an H. pylori infected person.
Scientists have created mice who lack genes for the main digestive tract mucins. These give us direct evidence for the effects on cancer of mucin deficiency.
Experiments in Muc1 knockout mice and mice with Muc1 knockdown have shown that under Helicobacter infection, mice deficient in Muc1 develop far more cancer-promoting inflammation than normal mice. [4]
The main mucin of the intestine is Muc2. The group of Leonard Augenlicht of the Albert Einstein Cancer Center in New York has studied mice lacking Muc2. They develop colorectal cancer. [5]
Tracing backward one step toward the source of mucin deficiency, the sugars in mucin are built from smaller pieces called O-glycans. It has been shown that mice that are deficient in O-glycans are prone to colorectal cancer: “C3GnT-deficient mice displayed a discrete, colon-specific reduction in Muc2 protein and increased permeability of the intestinal barrier. Moreover, these mice were highly susceptible to experimental triggers of colitis and colorectal adenocarcinoma.” [6]
Nutrient Deficiencies Can Also Play a Role
Some micronutrients are required for mucin production – notably vitamin D. [7, 8] Poland is fairly far north, and many of the Optimal Dieters could have been low in vitamin D.
Other important micronutrients for cancer prevention are iodine and selenium. Poland in particular had the lowest iodine intake and among the highest stomach cancer death rates in Europe. After Poland in 1996 began a program of mandatory iodine prophylaxis, stomach cancer rates fell:
In Krakow the standardized incidence ratio of stomach cancer for men decreased from 19.1 per 100,000 to 15.7 per 100,000, and for women from 8.3 per 100,000 to 5.9 per 100,000 in the years 1992-2004. A significant decline of average rate of decrease was observed in men and women (2.3% and 4.0% per year respectively). [9]
So among the Polish Optimal Dieters, the elevated gastrointestinal cancer risk caused by mucin deficiency may have been aggravated by iodine and sunlight deficiencies.
Conclusion
A healthy diet should be robust to faults. The Optimal Diet is not robust to glucose deficiency.
There's good reason to suspect that at least some of the Optimal Dieters developed mucin deficiencies as a result of the body's effort to conserve glucose and protein. This would have substantially elevated risk of gastrointestinal cancers. Thus, it's not a great surprise that many Optimal Dieters have been coming down with GI cancers after 15-20 years on the diet.
We recommend a carb plus protein intake of at least 600 calories per day to avoid possible glucose deficiency. It's plausible that a zero-carb diet that included at least 600 calories per day protein for gluconeogenesis would not elevate gastrointestinal cancer risks as much as the Optimal Diet. But why be the guinea pig who tests this idea? Your body needs some glucose, and it's surely less stressful on the body to supply some glucose, rather than forcing the body to manufacture glucose from protein.
Fasting and low-carb ketogenic diets are therapeutic for various conditions. But anyone on a fast or ketogenic diet should carefully monitor eyes and mouth for signs of decreased saliva or tear production. If there is a sign of dry eyes or dry mouth, the fast should be interrupted to eat some glucose/starch. Rice is a good source. The concern is not only cancer in 15 years; a healthy mucosal barrier is also essential to protect the gut and airways against pathogens.
Related Posts
Other posts in this series:
References
[1] Sonksen P, Sonksen J. Insulin: understanding its action in health and disease. Br J Anaesth. 2000 Jul;85(1):69-79. http://pmid.us/10927996.
[2] Peek RM Jr, Crabtree JE. Helicobacter infection and gastric neoplasia. J Pathol. 2006 Jan;208(2):233-48. http://pmid.us/16362989.
[3] Bornschein J et al. H. pylori Infection Is a Key Risk Factor for Proximal Gastric Cancer. Dig Dis Sci. 2010 Jul 29. [Epub ahead of print] http://pmid.us/20668939.
[4] Guang W et al. Muc1 cell surface mucin attenuates epithelial inflammation in response to a common mucosal pathogen. J Biol Chem. 2010 Jul 2;285(27):20547-57. http://pmid.us/20430889.
[5] Velcich A et al. Colorectal cancer in mice genetically deficient in the mucin Muc2. Science. 2002 Mar 1;295(5560):1726-9. http://pmid.us/11872843.
[6] An G et al. Increased susceptibility to colitis and colorectal tumors in mice lacking core 3-derived O-glycans. J Exp Med. 2007 Jun 11;204(6):1417-29. http://pmid.us/17517967.
[7] Paz HB et al. The role of calcium in mucin packaging within goblet cells. Exp Eye Res. 2003 Jul;77(1):69-75. http://pmid.us/12823989.
[8] Schmidt DR, Mangelsdorf DJ. Nuclear receptors of the enteric tract: guarding the frontier. Nutr Rev. 2008 Oct;66(10 Suppl 2):S88-97. http://pmid.us/18844851.
[9] Go?kowski F et al. Iodine prophylaxis–the protective factor against stomach cancer in iodine deficient areas. Eur J Nutr. 2007 Aug;46(5):251-6. http://pmid.us/17497074.
People are taking to social media to call for the end of sexist dress code policies that force women to wear painful and demeaning clothes.
The uproar began when a receptionist, Nicola Thorpe, was sent home from her temp job without pay after showing up to work in flats instead of high heels. Her supervisors told her to go out and buy heels, but she refused on the grounds that it's a sexist and trivial demand--not to mention the purchase would be coming out of her paycheck. How, after all, does a woman's footwear affect her job performance? (There is, however, an argument to make that the discomfort of heels could be hampering performance.)
This policy isn't the work of a single, regressive company. In the UK it's actually legal for companies to require women to wear high heels and it's broadly enforced--if not explicitly than implicitly through denigrating looks and comments and rescinded opportunities.
Thorpe stated a petition calling for the end of the law and has already garnered more than 130,000 signatures.
The issue has resonated with women around the world who routinely face sexist demands on their appearance.
To give the outrage some guidance, the women's rights group Fawcett Society started a hashtag #FawcettFlatsFriday for people to show solidarity.
Group shot at @PwC_UK today. Could be any day of the week though. #fawcettflatsFridaypic.twitter.com/3kpNBNrVvf — Ellie Raven (@ellieraven_pwc) May 13, 2016
Amazing. It's almost as if my shoes have no bearing on how good I am at any facet of my job. #fawcettflatsFridaypic.twitter.com/jUt7xnd8aL — Bethan Forrest (@bethanforrest) May 13, 2016
Because heels don't make you better at your job #fawcettflatsFridaypic.twitter.com/VwPkn0NRvr — The Women's Org. (@TheWomensOrg) May 13, 2016
Nailing some sweet academic journals marketing and PR without the aid of heels... #fawcettflatsFridaypic.twitter.com/JCL9GidNPX — Emma Griffiths (@AmdrammerEmma) May 13, 2016
It's #fawcettflatsFriday - just getting ready for work. So glad I'll be judged on my ideas not height of my heels! pic.twitter.com/YFiwnhgGvX — Rachel Fisher (@RachelAFisher) May 13, 2016
#fawcettflatsFriday Working from home today after meetings all day yesterday in killer heels pic.twitter.com/TXn1ua4R5O — TheYorkshireHamper (@DalesHamperCo) May 13, 2016
Coincidentally, in Canada, the pain and humiliation of a waitress forced to wear heels has triggered similar outrage.
A woman was forced to wear heels even though the pressure and chafing cut her skin and caused her to bleed profusely. After she switched into flats, she was berated by a manager.
Image: Facebook / Nicole Gavins
The waitress also said that the restaurant where she worked forced women to pay for specific uniforms while male servers were allowed to wear clothes they already owned.
Both stories highlight the prevalence of sexist dress code policies in schools, workplaces and all over society.
It's just one more double standard that holds women back and its part of a constellation of sexist behaviors and expectations.
For gender equality to be achieved, women have to be given the right to wear what they want without fear of being criticized, harassed, punished or shunned.
And laws everywhere have to be amended so that women are never unfairly discriminated against.
Update: Sek Loso was released on bail Monday
BANGKOK — Police commandos stormed a famous rock musician's residence and took him in custody Sunday evening after he refused to turn himself in for firearm offenses.
Seksan Sukpimai, or Sek Loso, was arrested following a standoff with police officers inside his house in Bangkok's Kannayao district. Sek is wanted for firing a pistol into the sky Thursday at a temple, which he livestreamed on Facebook.
A court warrant was issued for the 43-year-old rocker on Saturday, but he ignored demands from police that he surrender, prompting the raid.
The operation was led by deputy Bangkok police commander Sompong Chingduang.
Sek responded by locking himself in a bedroom and broadcasting his standoff with police live on Facebook. At one point, he reached for a handgun and threatened to shoot.
“You listen to me. I have a gun.” Sek called to Maj. Gen. Sompong, who was standing at the other side of his bedroom door. “Don't turn a small issue into a big issue. If anyone comes in, I'll shoot them.”
Police commandos were later dispatched to break down the door and capture Sek. He was being brought to the Bangkok police headquarters as of press time.
In the video posted on his official Facebook account at about 1am Thursday, Sek walked with a handgun around the temple and prayed to several Buddha statues.
After he lit incense sticks at the last altar, he walked to an open area and fired nine shots into the air and one into the ground.
Sek has been charged with discharging a firearm in a residential area. Police said they will also check whether the gun was properly registered, and whether he had a permit to carry it.
Ukraine is a good payer: in the course of 2014 it has received almost 9 billion dollars of credit from the EU and its international partners, the IMF and the USA. However, the country has paid out about 14 billion dollars in debt repayments to honour its commitments, and it needs more help, Natalie Jaresko, Minister of Finance of Ukraine, told EURACTIV in an exclusive interview.
Natalie Ann Jaresko is an American-born Ukrainian businesswoman who became Ukraine's Minister of Finance on 2 December 2014.
She spoke to EURACTIV's Senior Editor, Georgi Gotev.
Minister, you are in Brussels for the first EU-Ukraine Association Council. What are the topics?
This is indeed the inaugural Council of our Association agreement, for us this is a major event. A year ago as you know, students and citizens of Ukraine stood outside in the freezing cold, in some cases beaten and in some cases killed, in order to stand up for their desire to have this EU Association Agreement be signed and be real. So this Council is a very important, symbolic event for us in the history that's transpired in the past year.
For those who might be surprised by your American accent, can you say something about yourself? You were born in the United States and you became a Ukrainian citizen very recently, when you took office.
Yes, I am a Ukrainian American. I grew up in an American family in the Chicago area; both my parents are from Ukraine. We were raised speaking Ukrainian, we were raised in the Ukrainian church, we were raised in the Ukrainian tradition and culture, and then I had the opportunity to live and work in Ukraine and I moved to Ukraine in 1992. So I have been working and living there for about 22 years.
Prime Minister Arseny Yasenyuk said yesterday that Ukraine needs EU help “not today, but yesterday”. What does he mean?
http://www.euractiv.com/video/jaresko-ukraine-needs-all-help-we-can-get-310865
We are living through a very very complex financial and banking crisis, there is no question. This is a crisis that's been caused firstly by the illegal annexation of Crimea, which represented almost 5% of GDP. Secondly, the war in the east, in Donbas, which represents 10-15% of GDP. The war is costing us, as you can well imagine, in humanitarian costs, in infrastructure, approximately 200 million dollars per month in subsidies, because we are providing electricity, gas, water, without being paid.
And not to diminish in any way the human cost, the loss of lives, the wounded soldiers, the civilians and military that have been lost is enormous. That, on top of years of economic policies that were, frankly speaking, less than transparent, has put the economy in a difficult situation.
The EU and our international partners, the IMF, the USA, have been very helpful in the year of 2014. We have received almost 9 billion dollars of credit. However, we have paid out about 14 billion dollars in debt repayments to honour our commitments. So during an economic crisis with the balance of payments crisis, when we have paid out a good deal more than we have received, it is a very difficult moment for us. That said, we are clear about the reforms we are undertaking, we are clear about the road we are going down, we see the light at the end of the tunnel and we need the support of our partners going forward in a big way, to give us a breath of fresh air that we need, to have the time to implement these reforms and return in 2016 to economic prosperity.
What form will this aid take? Will there be a donor conference?
There is a great deal of discussion. You probably heard about a potential support or donor conference, I think that's all under discussion. The type of support is also under discussion. As I sit here today, we have an IMF mission working with us to ensure our 2015 budget takes into account the kind of austerity measures and structural changes that are necessary to kick off 2015 in the right way.
Do you think that there is political will on the part of your Western partners, and especially the EU?
I do. I believe we had a very supportive reception yesterday, and our western partners are looking forward to the new government led by Prime Minister Yatsenyuk to act quickly, and to move beyond the words and programmes and plans and show that we are serious and that this is something that we want to do. We are not doing it for third parties; we are doing it for ourselves and for our country. We have received a great deal of support. One thing is that we have received 500 million euro of macro financial assistance within the first week of the new government, so that was a very big sign of support. The IMF returned to work with our government within a month of their last mission. Again, I find those things to be not just symbolic support, but real support, where people are investing their time and money in coming to Ukraine, working with us and enabling is to move quickly to restore, renew and recover the Ukrainian economy.
You are minister of finance, not energy, but I am going to ask you about gas, because gas costs money, and in the past, when Ukraine was unable to pay, Russia simply stopped the gas from flowing, leaving parts of Europe in the cold. What are the guarantees that there will be no gas crisis for Europe this winter?
I can only guarantee from the Ukrainian side of the equation. Ukraine has entered into an agreement with the EU's support and advice, as you know, and we are making payments on a timely basis. We have made one already since my entry into office and another one is due by the end of this year. We will abide by our contracts.
ABOVE WATER: Scientists say Sandy had nothing to with recent flooding along Long Island's South Shore. Politicians and homeowners don't agree, and want an inlet that opened after the super storm filled.
Recent flooding along Long Island's South Shore has nothing to do with a breach created by Hurricane Sandy, scientists say – but some homeowners and politicians aren't buying it.
Homeowners have voiced concerns about the link between the breach, also called an inlet, and water levels in the bay after a powerful storm battered the region and caused widespread flooding earlier this month. Suffolk County Executive Steven Bellone and other Long Island elected officials also attribute the flooding to the breach – located at a place called Old Inlet within the Fire Island National Seashore – and want it closed immediately.
“We're seeing flooding in places where we've never seen flooding before,” Bellone said at a March 13 news conference.
Bellone, a Democrat, said that he and other officials, including Sen. Chuck Schumer, called for government agencies to close the breach in November. But the National Park Service and the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation chose to leave the breach open so that scientists could monitor it, Bellone said.
Flood of Viewpoints
After a major storm hit the area in the last week of February, the breach doubled in width on its ocean side to 1,171 feet from 613 feet. It remains virtually unchanged on its bay side.
“The time for academic debate is over. The time for action is now,” Bellone said.
The state responded by asking the Army Corps of Engineers to begin preparations to fill in the breach. The Corps was unable to provide an estimate for the cost of plugging it. A significantly smaller breach in Cupsogue County Park was filled almost immediately after Hurricane Sandy at a cost of $6.1 million and required about 200,000 cubic yards of sand, according to Corps spokesman Chris Gardner.
But scientists believe the breach has not caused the flooding. Cheryl Hapke, a coastal geologist with the U.S. Geological Survey, blamed the breach on increased frequency of powerful winter storms. Hapke said nothing in the data suggested that the breach was contributing to the flooding.
“With any storm – breach or not – you would expect water levels to rise,” she said.
​ Shift in the Tide
Her assessment is confirmed by the most recent data gathered by Charles Flagg, a coastal geologist at Stony Brook University who has been monitoring the breach weekly.
In a report released on March 15, Flagg said that a comparison of tidal records from Bellport, directly across from the breach, and Lindenhurst, about 35 miles to the west, shows no significant difference between the two. If the breach was influencing water levels, then the tide should be higher at Bellport than at Lindenhurst because of Bellport's proximity of to the inlet, he said.
Tidal records at Woods Hole, in southern Massachusetts, show the same increase in water levels during the storms, suggesting that flooding has been a regional, not a local problem.
“So despite fears to the contrary, the breach at Old Inlet is not responsible for the increased frequency of flooding of the western or eastern Great South Bay,” Flagg said.
Still, Bellone and other officials want the breach closed.
“They can't say that it is definitively not contributing to the flooding,” said Vanessa Baird-Streeter, Bellone's spokesperson. “The debate is over. It's time to address the breach.”
County Legislator Rob Calarco, whose district includes several shorefront communities like Blue Point and Patchogue that have suffered from extensive flooding, dismissed the scientists' analysis.
“My concern is what happens when we have another Hurricane Sandy,” said Calarco, a Democrat, who noted that barrier islands are a necessary protection against storms. “If that caries through to August, we're in hurricane season again.”
There are environmental benefits to leaving the breach open, according to scientists and environmentalists. Increasing water circulation in the bay flushes out pollutants. Some local residents have noticed the improvement in water quality.
Seeking Clarity
“I'm on the water daily, my boats are on the water, and it's cleaner than I've ever seen it,” said Mark DeAngelis, owner of the West Sayville Marina.
Rob Young, a coastal geologist, said that breaches and inlets also are part of the natural process of beach replenishment. When a breach is left open, the ocean adds sand to the back area of the barrier island, helping to add width and volume over time. This process strengthens the island and allows for the growth of salt marshes that can provide flood protection.
“When you fill in a breach, you lose the sand in the back area. You're missing all the ecological development,” said Young, the director of the program for developed shorelines at Western Carolina University. “If you're a politician, you may think that the safe bet is to close it in the short-term, but you're sacrificing long-term gains for short-term benefits.”
Some of Long Island's elected officials are not yet in favor of closing the breach. Suffolk County Legislator Kate Browning doesn't believe there's enough accurate information to link the flooding to the breach, said Joshua Slaughter, her legislative aide.
“She is extremely concerned, but she reserves judgment to the experts,” he said.
For over 60 years, Formula 1 teams have developed, tested, and built the fastest and most technologically impressive cars the world has ever seen. An almost unending list of superlatives can be ladled onto F1 cars: they can accelerate from 0 to 190mph in about 10 seconds, fling around a corner at such speeds that the driver experiences g-force close to that of an Apollo astronaut during Earth re-entry, and then decelerate by 60mph in just 0.7 seconds thanks to strong brakes and massive downforce—the same downforce that stopped the car from spinning out around that corner.
But the bit that's really impressive is that these machines are designed and built from scratch every year. That's what makes F1 so competitive and why the rate of improvement is so rapid. These teams—there are only about 10 of them, and most are based in England—have been challenging each other to make a new best-car-in-the-world every year for 60 years. The only way to pole position is to try to find an edge that no one else has thought of yet and then to keep finding new edges when everyone inevitably catches up.
As you've probably guessed, materials science, engineering, bleeding-edge software, and recently the cloud are a major part of F1 innovation—and indeed, those fair topics are where we lay our scene.
For this story I embedded with Renault Sport Formula One Team as they made their final preparations for the 2017 season. As I write this, I can hear this year's cars being tested around Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya; a Mercedes car has just set the fastest lap time, and we're all silently wondering if they will dominate once again.
After a difficult 2016, things are looking up for Renault Sport Formula One Team in 2017. They're back with a new chassis and a new, fully integrated Renault power unit. The engineering teams have been reinforced with new recruits and the acquisition of state-of-the-art tooling and machines. Planning, design, and international collaboration and communications have been bolstered with a renewed partnership with Microsoft Cloud. And F1 legend Alain Prost is on board to advise drivers Nico Hülkenberg and Jolyon Palmer.
How will they fare? I don't know; I'm a tech journalist, not a motorsports correspondent. But I can tell you how they built that car—or more accurately, how they built and scrapped thousands of possible, prototype cars in their search for one championship-winning design.
FlickrLickr
edvvc
The discovery of downforce
For the first thirty years of Formula 1's history, the cars were mostly dumb mechanical beasts; not much mattered beyond the driver, tyres, and power train. Then, in 1977, Team Lotus (quite different from the recent Lotus F1 team, which then became Renault Sport Formula One Team) started paying more attention to aerodynamics—specifically the ground effect, which, in the world of motorsport, is usually known as downforce. The underside of the Lotus 79 F1 car was curved like an upside-down airplane wing, creating a pocket of low pressure that essentially sucked the car to the ground.
The Lotus 79 was massively successful, and before long—once the other teams eventually sussed out Lotus' black magic—every Formula 1 car was sculpted to provide maximum downforce. One design, the Brabham BT46 (pictured above), even had a big ol' fan that sucked air out from beneath the car.
Over the next few years Formula 1 got faster and faster, especially around corners. Eventually, following a number of accidents and the death of Gilles Villeneuve in 1982, the FIA mandated a return to flat-bottomed cars. The aerodynamic cat couldn't be put back in the bag, though.
Renault Sport Formula One Team
Renault Sport Formula One Team
Renault Sport Formula One Team
Renault Sport Formula One Team
Renault Sport Formula One Team
Renault Sport Formula One Team
Renault Sport Formula One Team
25 teraflops and not a drop more
Almost every area of technological and engineering advancement in F1 has followed a similar path to aerodynamics. A team finds an area that hasn't yet been regulated by the FIA, or where existing regulation can be creatively interpreted; that team pushes to within a few millimetres of the regulations, sometimes stepping slightly over the line; other teams follow suit; then the FIA revises its regulations and the cycle begins again.
As you can imagine, then, after some 60 years of trying to outwit the feds, Formula 1 today is governed by a rather long list of regulations—hundreds of pages of them, in fact.
For example, each Formula 1 team is only allowed to use 25 teraflops (trillions of floating point operations per second) of double precision (64-bit) computing power for simulating car aerodynamics. 25 teraflops isn't a lot of processing power, in the grand scheme of supercomputers: it's about comparable to 25 of the original Nvidia Titan graphics cards (the new Pascal-based cards are no good at double-precision maths).
Oddly, the F1 regulations also stipulate that only CPUs can be used, not GPUs, and that teams must explicitly prove whether they're using AVX instructions or not. Without AVX, the FIA rates a single Sandy Bridge or Ivy Bridge CPU core at 4 flops; with AVX, each core is rated at 8 flops. Every team has to submit the exact specifications of their compute cluster to the FIA at the start of the season, and then a logfile after every eight weeks of ongoing testing.
Renault Sport Formula One Team recently deployed a new on-premises compute cluster with 18,000 cores—so, probably about 2,000 Intel Xeon CPUs. While the total number of teraflops is strictly limited, other aspects of the system's architecture can be optimised. For example, the team's cluster has highly parallel storage. "Each compute node has a dedicated connection to storage so that we don't waste flops on reading and writing data," says Mark Everest, one of the team's infrastructure managers. "There was a big improvement in performance when we changed from our old cluster to the new one, without necessarily changing the software," and with the same 25-teraflops processing cap, Everest adds.
Everest says that every team has its own on-premises hardware setup and that no one has yet moved to the cloud. There's no technical reason why the cloud can't be used for car aerodynamics simulations—and F1 teams are investigating such a possibility—but the aforementioned stringent CPU stipulations currently make it impossible. The result is that most F1 teams use a somewhat hybridised setup, with a local Linux cluster outputting aerodynamics data that informs the manufacturing of physical components, the details of which are kept in the cloud.
Making Formula 1 more exciting Ballooning expenditure and fatal accidents are the most common reasons for regulatory intervention, but the third scenario is perhaps the most interesting. Over the last few years, as audience numbers have softened, the focus has been on "improving the show." For the 2017 season, for example, after years and years of slowing the cars down... Ballooning expenditure and fatal accidents are the most common reasons for regulatory intervention, but the third scenario is perhaps the most interesting. Over the last few years, as audience numbers have softened, the focus has been on "improving the show." For the 2017 season, for example, after years and years of slowing the cars down... the FIA is speeding cars up The cars this year will have wider tyres providing more grip and wider wings generating more downforce. Lap times will be reduced significantly as drivers fling themselves around corners at speeds not seen since the turn of the century. It's hard to say whether the racing will actually be more exciting; generally, extra downforce isn't a good thing, and the extra width of the cars might make it harder to overtake.
Wind tunnel usage is similarly restricted: F1 teams are only allowed 25 hours of "wind on" time per week to test new chassis designs. 10 years ago, in 2007, it was very different, says Everest: "There was no restriction on teraflops, no restriction on wind tunnel hours," continues Everest. "We had three shifts running the wind tunnel 24/7. It got to the point where a lot of teams were talking about building a second wind tunnel; Williams built a second tunnel.
"We decided to go down the computing route, with CFD—computational fluid dynamics—rather than build another wind tunnel. When we built our new compute cluster in 2007, the plan was that we'd double our compute every year. Very quickly it was realised that the teams with huge budgets—the manufacturer-backed teams—would get an unfair advantage over smaller teams, because they didn't have the money to build these enormous clusters."
Soon after, to prevent the larger F1 teams from throwing more and more money at aerodynamics, the FIA began restricting both wind tunnel usage and compute power for simulations.
Listing image by Christoffer Rudquist
Joseph Kelner, a lawyer who took on the sitting governor of Ohio, a former university president and the National Guard in a suit on behalf of the student victims of the Kent State shootings in 1970, died on Monday in Manhasset, N.Y. He was 98.
The death was confirmed by his son Robert.
Mr. Kelner, who was president of both the New York State Trial Lawyers Association and the American Trial Lawyers Association, was a trial specialist who concentrated on personal injury and medical malpractice cases.
Mr. Kelner took on a number of notable clients, including, for a time, Bernhard H. Goetz, the so-called subway vigilante, who became a lightning rod in a national debate about crime, race and guns in December 1984 when he, a white man, shot four black teenagers who he claimed had tried to rob him in a subway car.
But even more significant was the Kent State case. On May 4, 1970, after a weekend of student rallies against the expansion of the Vietnam War into Cambodia — an R.O.T.C. building was set afire during the protests — National Guardsmen called to the campus by Gov. James A. Rhodes shot into a crowd of demonstrators, killing four students and wounding nine others.
Forbes Korea releases their list of the “Top 40 ‘Power Celebrities of' 2016.” The list is curated in consideration of sales, frequency of media exposure, and evaluation of expertise.
Idol boy group EXO tops the list for the second year in a row. This year, actor Yoo Ah In follows in second place, seeing success with the film “Veteran” and drama “Six Flying Dragons.” Girl's Day member Hyeri is in third place, having starred in the hit cable drama “Reply 1988” and becoming a “Queen of CFs” with eight commercials filmed last year and 10 more coming up.
“Nation's MC” Yoo Jae Suk rises to 15th place from 21st last year. Fellow emcees Kim Gura and Jun Hyun Moo are new entries into the ranking. Actor Lee Kwang Soo is also new, having become a Hallyu star through the success of “Running Man” in Asia.
Girls' Generation, sports star Kim Yuna, BIGBANG, and Yoo Jae Suk have been in this ranking for eight years in a row.
See the complete list below.
The interview with Hyeri and the profiles of the top 40 will be available in the March issue of Forbes Korea.
Source (1) (2)
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— Gov. Pat McCrory told a national radio audience Tuesday that state community colleges and universities should be funded based on how well they do at placing their students in the job market.
"Right now, we pay based upon how many students you have, not on the results of how many jobs you're getting people into," McCrory said. "I'm looking at legislation right now – in fact, I just instructed my staff yesterday to go ahead and develop legislation – which would change the basic formula in how education money is given out to our universities and our community colleges. It's not based on butts in seats but on how many of those butts can get jobs."
Speaking on Bill Bennett's "Morning in America" show, McCrory touched on themes similar to those he talked about during the campaign.
"I'm a big vocational training advocate," McCrory told Bennett. "I think some of the educational elite have taken over education, where we're offering courses that have no chance of getting people jobs."
University of North Carolina President Tom Ross said the 16-campus system is already transitioning its funding formula to include measures related to student achievement and academic and operational efficiencies. Still, he expressed reservations about gauging university success solely on the employment rate of students and graduates.
"The university's value to North Carolina should not be measured by jobs filled alone. Our three-part mission of teaching, research and public service requires that we prepare students with the talent and abilities to succeed in the workforce, because talent will be the key to economic growth," Ross said in a statement. "Higher education plays a key role in ensuring a higher quality of life for all North Carolinians."
North Carolina Community College System officials need to learn more about McCrory's stance before commenting on it, spokeswoman Megan Hoenk said.
Legislative leaders also weren't quick to embrace McCrory's comments, but House Speaker Thom Tillis told reporters that it sounds like suggestions developed by a strategic planning committee of the UNC Board of Governors.
"What it really means is making sure that what we're teaching our students in community college and university systems are aligned with the market demands," said Tillis, R-Mecklenburg.
The General Assembly should not micromanage how the university system does its business but measure the outcomes for students, he said.
"One of the most frustrating things that we have as legislators is hearing the businesses out there saying we simply do not have qualified people to fill these jobs," he said. "We've got a 9 percent-plus unemployment rate, and we have hundreds, maybe thousands, of jobs that can't be filled because the right skill sets are not available."
Rep. Linda Johnson, R-Cabarrus, co-chairwoman of the House Education Committee, said the problem McCrory outlined is a national issue of matching graduate skills to business needs.
"That's the sign that tells us we need to change what we're doing," Johnson said. "I'm not thinking the degrees would change, but the content of the courses."
Because more than half of the General Assembly is serving in their first or second term, she said, members will need to learn about the state of education and talk among themselves before deciding on a course of action.
"We have to have sort of a conversation to find out where they are coming from," she said.
Sen. Josh Stein, D-Wake, a member of the Senate Higher Education Committee, said university campuses and community colleges should be evaluated on a range of criteria, including the employment rate of graduates.
"Universities are much more than job factories; they're also about broadening minds," Stein said. "That doesn't mean we can't get more out of our universities and having them be stronger engines of economic growth."
On the radio with Bennett, McCrory talked about the dual gaps of North Carolina high unemployment rate and employers who can't find jobs as well.
"To me, that means we have a major disconnect between the education establishment and commerce," McCrory said. "So, I'm going to adjust my education curriculum to what business and commerce needs to get our kids jobs as opposed to moving back in with their parents after they graduate."
Elisya Mason, a senior marketing major at North Carolina State University, said a range of courses prepare students for life outside the university.
"I feel pretty confident I'll be able to find a job after I graduate," Mason said. "I think there is a place, especially in the university, for those types of classes."
In response to a dig that Bennett took at gender studies courses, McCrory expanded on the theme of connecting classes offered to potential employment.
"You're right," McCrory said. "That's a subsidized course, and frankly, if you want to take gender studies, that's fine. Go to a private school and take it, but I don't want to subsidize that if that's not going to get someone a job ... It's the tech jobs that we need right now."
The governor tied his train of thought into the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill athletics department scandal.
"It's even hit our athletic department at Carolina – our great basketball program," McCrory said. "They took Swahili on a night study course where they didn't have to do any work, and they got B-pluses. What are we teaching these courses for if they're not going to help get a job?"
McCrory said he believes in liberal arts education.
"I got one. I think there are two reasons for education. One is, as my Dad used to say, to exercise the brain, but the second is to get a skill."
The euro crisis is not over and is about to get interesting … Supposedly the euro crisis is all over. The mighty ECB has spoken. I have received triumphalist suggestions from bastions of euro-fanaticism that I should now capitulate. ECB bond-buying will cut borrowing costs for ailing eurozone nations but that is not the essence of the euro problem. – Roger Bootle/UK Telegraph
Dominant Social Theme: This time the Eurocrats will get it right. Central bank bond-buying is the magic bullet!
Free-Market Analysis: Is central bank bond-buying the key that unlocks the Euro-crisis and provides a solution? Well …
We still remember the triumphant announcement several years ago that Germany's Angela Merkel and France's Nicolas Sarkozy had saved the European Union by coming up with a fund that would provide enough cash to impress upon the bond market that Europe was solvent.
We remember the breathless, behind-the-scenes reporting that Sarkozy had threatened to leave the union if Merkel didn't capitulate to his terms. Horrors!
Much has happened since then. The "sovereign" crisis spread to Portugal, Spain and Italy, and now France has just announced economic weakness. The Dutch are voting this week in an election that shall feature Eurozone issues. Even German numbers are trending toward "recession."
Meanwhile, the next big "salvaging" of the EU is to be carried out by Mario Draghi, the current head of the European Central Bank. He will buy bonds of stressed countries while removing a similar amount of currency from the larger economy in a process known as sterilization.
Of course, this brings up the question of what sterilization is and why it needs to be pursued.
Let's examine that.
The power elite that wants to run the world maintains its control via 100 or more central banks printing money from nothing. In pursuing this vast monetary price-fixing scheme these top elites have fiddled with the language of economics and even created whole new economic disciplines to justify their takeover of money.
When one looks at what we call directed history honestly it becomes fairly clear that the world's various "isms," including communism, socialism and fascism, were likely created by these same elites. It was a very clever trick! By dressing up a one-world takeover in the garb of various kinds of governmental authoritarianism the elites co-opted the conversation about freedom.
By funding surrogates like Karl Marx these elites created faux "solutions" that featured a heavy dose of government involvement in the private sector. The elites during this time (in the past 300 years) also were creating modern, monopoly central banking by integrating the printing press with gold and silver circulation.
The two trends would find maximum expression in the 20th century when elite paradigms proceeded nearly unchecked. The "Keynesianism" of John Maynard Keynes is actually far more devious than most people make it out to be. It is the most sophisticated expression of the elites' cynical governmental promotion. It weaves together socialism, central banking and government authoritarianism into one seamless, incomprehensible package.
It should be pointed out as well that Keynes was a member of the elitist Fabian society that also supported other forms of invasive fiat including the ideas of Silvio Gesell and Major Douglas. This is one reason why we've been fairly suspicious of these forms of monetary solutions.
While we do believe in monetary and currency competition, both Gesell and Douglas offered systems that really seem to need a broad-based authoritarian structure to implement.
For this reason we've not been surprised to find that the United Nations (that seems never to have met an authoritarian solution it didn't support) has been co-sponsoring such systems. You can see our articles on the UN connection to "alternative" fiat money here:
Why Is the UN Installing Mutual Credit/Pure Fiat Systems Around the World?
New Book Further Confirms Eco-Affinity of Alternative Currency Proponents
Paper Money and the UN Perfect Together? More Currency and Credit Exchanges Supported by the UN
Currency and Credit Schemes Blow Up … and Go Green
Are 'Green' Reciprocal Exchange and Credit Systems Part of a Larger Elite Promotion?
Draghi's mumbo jumbo about sterilization is just a further advancement of the various monetary memes that the elites have spread about like manure in the past century.
In this case, of course, the idea is that money is not inflationary. But if money is not inflationary, why does Draghi need to sterilize it? They can't even keep their own stories straight!
Not that it matters. Draghi CANNOT sterilize money. Nobody can. Currency has piled up in bank vaults and it will circulate when it can. Sterilization is just another nonsense Keynesian term. The idea is always to impress on people that central banking "technocrats" can manage money better than the competitive forces of the market itself.
In fact, the power elite that purveys this sort of price-fixing does not want a solution, it would seem, to the EU crisis. We know this because the agenda behind the memes the elites purvey is almost always the opposite of stated principles.
The elites promote scarcity themes. The world is said to be running out of food, water and even oil. But behind the scenes the elites are working diligently to make sure that these various scarcities are realized.
The European Union is a good example of this. There are plenty of on-the-record statements indicating that top Eurocrats wanted a crisis to further EU centralization. Bootle himself in this Telegraph article indicates his cynicism about further EU monetary solutions. He writes as follows:
Was it not to be expected that Draghi would deliver some sort of bond-buying programme? How many times since this crisis began have we supposedly been given "the solution" only to find in the succeeding weeks that it breaks in our hands?
What Mario Draghi has done is to deploy the ECB's undoubted firepower to counter break-up risk in the yields on peripheral debt. If the height of such yields were the essence of the euro problem, then ECB bond-buying would indeed be a game changer.
But it isn't. High bond yields have been a reaction to the underlying problem, not the cause of it. Indeed, the underlying problem is only partly financial. In several member countries, government finances are perilously weak. But worse than this, their economies show next to no economic growth, or are even contracting. While this continues, their debt ratios will continue to rise.
Yet their costs are stranded way above a competitive level. Consequently, they cannot overcome their problems by increasing net exports. The classic IMF cure always involved doses of austerity combined with devaluation in order to deliver an export boost to demand. European politicians have administered the first part of this treatment but the euro has prevented the second.
If that weren't bad enough for Spain, the secession of Catalonia and the Basque country is fast becoming a realistic prospect. In Italy, the technocratic government will soon have to be replaced with a democratically elected successor which might yet be headed by – you've guessed it – Silvio Berlusconi.
Meanwhile, the Greek economic situation has deteriorated and, surprise, surprise, Greece has not been able to stick to the conditions laid down in the latest bailout. It will soon need another …I rather suspect that the euro crisis is about to get interesting.
We think this is a very good analysis of the situation but we do not find it "interesting." The Euro-crisis is just more directed history, it seems. The elites CREATED the crisis with their banks, their money and their EU structure.
Now they are continually stringing it along, hanging the EU high on the gallows and choking it slowly with "solutions" that just prolong the torture. There is no intention of "solving" the problem. Four hundred million victims are to be impoverished until they are willing to trade their lives for ANY solution. Even world government.
And that is why we think a managed worldwide depression is on the way. Those who look for the EU crisis to be "solved" are probably fooling themselves. In the highest halls, the intention is for all this to go on and on and probably to get worse and worse.
This is how you build world government – on the backs of suffering masses. We will see, in this era of what we call the Internet Reformation, if such a strategy works as well as it did in the 20th century.
After Thoughts
We're not sure it will.
The Obama administration has doubled down on its social-transformation agenda, unilaterally deciding to overturn longstanding policy and integrate women into combat roles in the military. Give the administration this much: Unlike the question of gay marriage, the issue of women in combat was never something that Barack Obama felt obliged to pretend to be against until it was politically safe to evolve on the matter. As a candidate in 2008, he signaled his intention to change the rules if elected president.
Advertisement
Advertisement
#ad#Defense Secretary Leon Panetta draped his announcement in the all-too-familiar language of “diversity,” but the U.S. military is neither a social-justice project nor a laboratory for feminist innovation: Its job is to secure the national-security interests of the United States, and neither Secretary Panetta nor the president nor any member of the administration has offered a single serious argument that this measure will increase our armed forces' ability to do their job with maximum effectiveness. On the contrary, there are many reasons to believe it will accomplish the opposite.
The administration has promised that there will be no reduction of physical standards to accommodate women in combat roles, but that promise almost certainly is false — and Senator McCain, who has endorsed the move, should know better than to pretend otherwise. The political mandate to integrate women into the military had disastrous consequences for standards at West Point, as Walter Williams documented the last time we had this debate. The use of “gender-specific” physical standards meant that female candidates were given passing marks on tests when underperforming their male counterparts on such common benchmarks as push-ups, sit-ups, and running 1.5 miles.
Advertisement
This repeats the experience of similar civilian agencies, such as police and fire departments, in which standards have been lowered under the guise of revising them for professional relevance. One particularly comical feature of these developments has been the authorities' insistence that they are acting independently of political pressure while simultaneously acknowledging that they are motivated by the fear of litigation brought by feminist groups. The ideological absurdity at play here is hard to exaggerate: When members of the Los Angeles city council demanded hiring quotas for the LAPD and a consequent relaxation of standards, they argued that concerns about physical difference could be overcome by implementing a “feminist approach to policing.” We pray that we may be spared a feminist approach to national security.
The Marine Corps recently conducted an experiment along these lines, allowing two very fit women to enroll in its infantry school. Both washed out early in the process. A standard of rigorous equality of physical ability will prove by its nature discriminatory toward women for reasons of simple human biology — and it is inevitable that such standards will come under attack. “Gender-specific” standards for the SEALs and the Rangers are almost certainly on the horizon. Indeed, the Pentagon-endorsed Military Leadership Diversity Commission already is contemplating similar instruments, to be known as “diversity metrics.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
There are immutable differences between men and women, and they are on display every day from the classroom to the corporate office. In most environments, the accommodation of these differences is benign or even salubrious. But the theater of combat is a very different sort of environment. It is true that we have had women in dangerous front-line roles for a decade now, thanks to an act of poor judgment by the Bush administration. But door-to-door combat is a very different thing from flying a helicopter. To believe that soldiers, officers, and policymakers will react identically to female casualties — or to videos of female troops being tortured by al-Qaeda — is to deny human nature. But denying human nature is of course at the center of the feminist agenda.
President Obama is shortchanging the effectiveness of our military in order to appease his feminist supporters, who apparently are ready to storm Tora Bora even though they cannot quite manage to organize their own birth-control pills. Women in the military and outside of it will be less safe as a result.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Australia's previous Labor government had levied a mining tax to raise funds
Australia's government has repealed a controversial mining tax after striking a deal with business tycoon Clive Palmer's political party.
The 30% tax on mining profits on coal and iron ore was first introduced by the former Labor government in 2012.
The country's Senate voted to remove the mining tax, and the bill is now heading to the House of Representatives where it is expected to pass as well.
Mr Palmer's party had agreed to the move in return for certain concessions.
This includes freezing the government's contributions to state pensions and keeping a bonus programme for school children.
The Palmer United Party - set up by the mining magnate last year - holds the balance of power in Australia's senate.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott and his centre-right cabinet have been looking to get rid of the unpopular mining tax.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Australian mining billionaire Clive Palmer has become a powerful politician
Large mining firms such as Fortescue Metals Group and Xstrata had also opposed the so-called Mineral Resources Rent Tax (MRRT), saying it hurt their competitiveness and affected future investment in the sector.
According to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, Treasurer Joe Hockey said the mining tax was "testament to a failed Labor Government, failed economic policy, failed taxation policy and a failed treasurer".
"The fact is, we promised we would set about fixing the economy and fixing the budget, and that is exactly what we are doing" he said.
This is not the first time Australia has repealed an unpopular tax. In July, it became the first developed nation to repeal its carbon tax legislation.
The laws had sought to put a price on greenhouse-gas emissions, but generated years of political debate.
Australia's economy is heavily dependent on mining, which has contributed to it being one of the world's largest per capita greenhouse gas emitters.
However, the carbon tax has been blamed for higher energy bills and living costs.
China's Yangtze River Storage Technology (YMTC) has started building a 3D NAND flash plant.
YMTC, through its ownership of contract chip manufacturer XMC, has started building a memory semiconductor fab on a 13-hectare site at the Donghu New Technology Development Zone in Wuhan. Tsinghua Unigroup, which owns 51.04 per cent of YMTC, said the fab would soak up $24bn in investment. The other 48.96 per cent of YMTC is owned by China's National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, the Hubei IC Industry Investment Fund, and the Hubei Science and Technology Investment Group.
This will be the largest memory plant in China and include three 3D NAND production lines. Volume production should start in 2018, with a run rate of 300,000 12-inch wafers a month by 2020. News about the project arrived in April last year.
Building 3D NAND chips is the leading edge flash technology. IMTF, Samsung, Toshiba and WDC are all building 64-layer chips while SK Hynix, with 48-layer chips in production, is developing a 72-layer design. First chips could flow in the second half of this year.
We might expect YMTC to start with fewer layers to simplify the development of its technology. It is not known what architecture its 3D NAND design will use. Intel and Micron have a floating gate design while Samsung, SK Hynix, Toshiba and WDC use charge-trap technology.
YMTC chairman Zhao Weiguo also heads up Tsinghua Unigroup, which tried to invest $3.8bn in Western Digital last year through its Unisplendour subsidiary. The attempt was stopped by the US government. Previously Tsingua Unigroup had also tried, and failed, to buy Micron.
Interestingly, back in November YMTC issued a statement saying: "Up to now, YMTC has never held negotiations with Micron Technology on any topic. Mr Ding Wenwu, vice chairman of YMTC, has never made any comment or released any information on this."
"Up to now" indeed. ®
If you recall, we were the ones who said definitively that the Discovery show Brewmasters was dead. There were a lot of folks who said we were wrong, but we had it on good authority that the show was done. Now we have it on even better authority.
I just happened to run into Sam Calagione this morning at Eataly in NYC, in (of course) the beer aisle. He was there to announce that the construction of the Dogfish Head brew pub in Eataly is wrapping up and they'll be up and brewing in the coming weeks. It should be open in early June, so mark that on your calendars. He also helped me pick out an Italian beer after I told him about my problem wrapping my head around them. He suggested a Baladin Nora, which I dutifully purchased.
Sam confirmed that no new footage was going to be taped for Brewmasters, and that he hopes the Eataly episode (which has been filmed but not aired) will still air in June when the brewpub is open for business. I hope so too, because I enjoyed the show and want Dogfish's venture to be a success. At any rate, the show is gone and not coming back after that.
But here's the thing that REALLY kills me – timing is a bitch. Not two hours after I saw Sam, I was reading Anthony Bourdain's Twitter feed (@NoRexervations), which had two powerful and slightly cryptic tweets:
Mr. Bourdain tells it like it is and knows a thing or two about how the TV world works, so if he says it, I believe it. I know we've had a lot of “big beer” news here lately (maybe too much), but I think this is worth sharing because it's entirely plausible. While I doubt Sam would have affirmed anything when we spoke, I would have loved to see the look on his face when I asked him about it. Instead the timing was off and I'm left to imagine how that moment would've gone.
Anyway, I hope The Atlantic takes Mr. Bourdain's suggestion seriously and digs into the story, because I bet there's something juicy there. This certainly calls for an expose, because this (alleged) hurdle will have to be removed if we ever want to see beer on TV again. And if you're like me, that's something you definitely want.
Update: Our pals over at BeerNews.org point out that Brewmasters and Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations share the same production company, which puts Mr. Tony in a position to know a think or two about this. Good catch guys!
Rabble Rousing Update: Looks like The Atlantic will be digging into things – Go get 'em!!:
Happy Ending Update (9/26/11): Sam tells us that he's cooking something up with production company Zero-Point-Zero (the producers of Brew Masters) for the iPad.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Advertisements
Jonah Goldberg is the founding editor of the National Review Online, a fellow at the right-wing American Enterprise think tank, and a widely distributed conservative columnist. He first gained the spotlight, and began writing for National Review, in 1998, when his mother Lucianne Goldberg helped promote the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
To give you an idea of how he built his career as a “provocative” conservative thinker, he opened a 2001 column thus (Jewish World Review, 10/15/01):
Suddenly, serious people are rethinking an old idea that's time has come again: colonialism. For years, colonialism has been discredited. It was considered racist on the left to point out that many people lived better and more productive lives under, say, British rule than they have without it.
The core theme of his punditry has always been complaining about “liberals”: His two books, from 2008 and 2012, are titled Liberal Fascism and The Tyranny of Cliches: How Liberals Cheat in the War of Ideas.
Why has he appeared as a guest on National Public Radio's most widely distributed news hours (primarily Morning Edition) 25 times since April 2016—making him one of the network's most regularly consulted commentators?
A number of NPR's listeners have written in to complain about Goldberg's prevalence on the airwaves. NPR ombud Elizabeth Jensen acknowledged in a response column (NPR.org, 4/11/17) that “no liberal commentator has had such a recurring platform, and Goldberg is not always identified by his political views, leaving listeners to guess.” She also defended their frequent use of Goldberg: “I appreciate Goldberg's commentary and rarely find it following predictable talking points.”
Based on FAIR's review of all of Goldberg's NPR appearances since 2015, it is easy to see his value as a pundit to NPR's editors and producers. He is always an easy interview; he never contradicts NPR hosts and usually confines his commentary to mundane observations on the political horserace between Democrats and Republicans. He is willing to critique Republican strategy and lawmakers. Most significantly, he refused to endorse (or vote for) Donald Trump, sharing what we may assume is most NPR staffers' distaste for Trump's style and rhetoric. (NPR's other most frequent conservative commentator, David Brooks, is also a well-known “Never Trumper.”)
Offering the anti-Trump Goldberg a platform is NPR's way of providing a “counterbalance” to its widely perceived liberal worldview, while also drawing a distinction between good right-wingers (establishment conservatives) and bad right-wingers (Trump). But promoting Goldberg is a misguided move: The liberal/conservative balancing act has always been a misleading quest for a false “center,” and Goldberg's brand of conservatism is not an antidote to Trumpism, but rather its close relative and natural precursor.
‘A Conservative Voice' and the False Center
When Jensen praises Goldberg for “rarely…following predictable talking points,” it is clear that the apparent unconventionality of Goldberg's commentary is what appeals to NPR. She writes further about political commentary (NPR.org, 10/6/16): “My sense is that the vast majority of listeners are hoping to hear a commentary perspective that makes them consider an issue from a different angle.”
But Goldberg's unconventionality is superficial. It consists primarily of irreverence towards politicians and the occasional stale pop culture reference (Morning Edition, 5/22/17):
You know, Mitch McConnell, who's got a gift for understatement, said we could all use a little less drama. That's code for, dear God, please cut it out. I have these visions of Reince Priebus doing a sort of Jerry Maguire with Trump—you know, help-me-help-you kind of thing.
Meanwhile, Goldberg's views on policy are conventionally right-wing. His take on Rep. Steve Scalise's shooting (National Review, 6/16/17), which included his trademark “I can see both sides” posture, concluded that the shooting teaches us…that we need to reduce the size and scope of government. (A glance at Goldberg's past writings—e.g., Townhall, 3/7/13—on the necessity of cutting “entitlement” programs like Social Security provides a clue as to how he envisions shrinking the government.)
His writings in the past month include an essay on how PC-culture “snowflakes” pose a threat to free speech (Commentary, 6/19/17). He entered the AHCA debate (Townhall, 5/31/17) with the edgy idea that people don't really need health insurance, parroting a Ted Cruz and Rick Perry talking point from 2015 that's long been debunked (Factcheck.org, 7/10/15). Elsewhere (Baltimore Sun, 5/5/17), he asks the question: Is empathy a distraction in the healthcare debate?
Goldberg's views on Israel/Palestine, and US Mideast policy more broadly, can be gleaned from a 2007 column (Townhall, 6/20/07) that complains that “the assumption behind the push for democracy in Gaza and in Iraq is that Arabs can be trusted to handle political freedom.”
It's tough to see what precious spice Goldberg adds to the mix on NPR; his contributions range from the absurdly equivocal (Morning Edition, 7/20/16):
Oh, Roger Ailes is a colossal figure. And he—the list of people who owe their careers to Roger Ailes is very, very long, including many politicians. And this is a thunderclap, and we don't know where it's going to go, but it's complicated.
…to the hopelessly slanted (Morning Edition, 4/10/17):
There are some people, including some of my colleagues at National Review, that basically see Syria as just a hot mess. It's basically like the Spanish Civil War, where you had two bad guys fighting each other.
Goldberg, the author of Liberal Fascism, sees the democratically elected left-wing Spanish government and the Hitler-backed fascist coup as “two bad guys.”
His views would only be unconventional if racism, celebration of US militarism and a constant drone of warnings about budget deficits—where the solution is always to cut programs that support poor and marginalized US Americans—were unconventional among right-wing pundits. They're not; this is the same conservative cocktail that has been served to the Republican base for years, scapegoating immigrant populations, people of color and the poor to provide cover for policies that do little but further concentrate wealth and power upward. It is in the shadow of such policies—the brand of conservatism endorsed by Goldberg—that the white nationalist and proto-fascist tendencies encouraged by Trump have established their foothold, as a population encouraged to blame scapegoats for economic and social problems looks for ever more extreme solutions.
It is strange to think that promoting such a conservative voice—which he will continue to use in service of the same deceptive and exploitative project—would provide clarity or even a clarifying “balance.” From their vantage point amid the Washington, DC, political class, Morning Edition decision-makers may feel that hosting an acknowledged “conservative ideologue” (Morning Edition, 3/24/17) provides the needed balance for a news organization often maligned as “liberal” (ABC News, 2/15/11).
Meanwhile, the inherent conservatism of that same DC milieu would make it extremely uncomfortable for Morning Edition to regularly host a left-wing ideologue of any kind—so they don't. Conservative ideologues, more often than not, are “balanced” by the voices of Democratic Party loyalists and centrist liberals. In 2016, Goldberg was often paired with former NPR reporter Cokie Roberts as a commentator—someone who claims that she has an ideology that “does not exist” (NPR.org, 10/5/16), but who for decades has consistently been warning the Democratic Party that it needs to move to the right (Extra!, 7–8/98).
The foreign policy realm offers instructive examples of how this balancing act often plays out at NPR. When President Trump ordered an airstrike on a Syrian airbase in March, Morning Edition hosted a series of guests to air their reactions. Among these were Goldberg (4/10/17) along with other conservative supporters and opponents of the strike (Will Hurd, 4/10/17, Chris Buskirk, 4/7/17, Cory Gardner, 4/10/17), plus two ostensibly liberal voices—Democratic senators Tim Kaine (4/7/17) and Adam Schiff (4/7/17)—both of whom approved of the strike, but wished the president had asked congressional permission first.
Any distinctly left-wing guest could have questioned the motives of the United States government and its military's interventions in the Middle East; at the very least, such a guest could have provided a basic principled anti-war argument against the punitive strike. Somehow, such common sense perspectives were not among the “different angles” that Morning Edition wished its listeners to consider.
Seeing through Goldberg's surface-level willingness to part with GOP orthodoxy, we perceive Morning Edition reaching to a sometimes extreme right-wing voice in order to balance out a left-wing voice that doesn't, in fact, exist.
Knowing Better
The 2016 election results belied the predictive punditry of NPR and most other mainstream outlets, where Clinton's win had seemed a near certainty. This misstep forced a moment of reflection; David Folkenflik, NPR's media correspondent, wrote:
Cenk Uygur, the leftist host of the Young Turks and a supporter of Bernie Sanders, predicted in July that Trump would beat Clinton, based on a populist appeal tapping into voter anger against the establishment. He looks pretty good in retrospect. But he has for years been considered outside the acceptable norm of media voices…. The conservative political columnist Salena Zito…has been writing for months about the depths of Trump's support. One such column in August was titled: “Stumped by Trump's Success? Take a Drive Outside US Cities.” This can be a period of great reconsideration by the press of how it operates, even as the stories arise all around us.… It is a time for humility and taking stock. It is a time for listening to voters who unexpectedly turned to Trump and those who envision a very different form of America.
Christopher Turpin, NPR's vice president of news programming, told Jensen (11/15/16):
NPR was “a little slow to spot the two mass movements in this campaign,” the ones behind Trump and Sanders. He added, “As an organization, if the election has taught us one thing it is to really think about how broad the political spectrum is in this country.”
It was clear to some at NPR that ping-pong reporting that bounced between establishment liberal and conservative voices was failing NPR's listeners, in much the same way that the political establishment was failing the whole country. The powerlessness, suffering and struggle of multitudes of US Americans had been ignored, in favor of the competition constructed between powerful political factions.
The mass movements “behind Trump and Sanders” that NPR was “slow to spot” were both partly built around economic populism. Jonah Goldberg is an establishment conservative voice whose problem with Trump, in part, was the latter's occasional rhetorical flirtation with traditionally left-wing economic and social policies (Morning Edition, 3/2/16):
A lot of people on the right believe that he will be actually a huge victory for liberalism if he wins the presidency, because he's in favor of all sorts of ideological heresies on the right—you know, on sort of single-payer healthcare, on trade protectionism…. And you hear him last night talking—singing praises about Planned Parenthood.
Now that Trump, in power in making policy, has ditched his lip-service to, for example, single-payer healthcare, Goldberg has softened towards him, and calls for us to “give him a fresh start” (Morning Edition, 11/09/16).
Sticking with Goldberg is evidence that NPR is resistant to really acting on the lessons of 2016. It shows every sign that it will continue to be “slow” to leave behind the traditional gatekeepers of the left and right, and cling to a particularly conservative notion of the “center.” When Jensen addressed Goldberg's presence in her ombud column in April, she spoke to Sarah Gilbert, Morning Edition's executive producer:
Gilbert said the show is “careful to make sure we have a varied mix of perspectives on our air, of course,” and that it will include a more complete identification of Goldberg's views in the future.
Goldberg has been a commentator on the show four times since then, and only once (4/28/17) did the hosts identify him as a right-winger. And that “varied mix of perspectives” has failed to include any commentator who advocates for progressive populism the way that Goldberg speaks up for establishment conservatism.
You can contact NPR ombud Elizabeth Jensen via NPR's contact form or via Twitter: @EJensenNYC. Please remember that respectful communication is the most effective.
Yes, I'm back. I've been out for a while ascending the steep CNC learning incline. Well, it's actually not that steep, I've just had a lot going on lately that has pulled me from the project. Same news, different day. This is why it's taking me 4x longer to complete the instrument, but I digress.The focus lately has been on making my own jacks. I know, this means I'm a bit touched, yet I must try. Besides, it will, as Owen Daly has said, give me specific insights into not only the jack making process, but the jacks themselves that I otherwise would not have. Now, the difference with me is that I choose to make the blanks on the CNC machine, rather than cut them with table and/or band saws.What is a CNC machine? CNC stands for Computer Numerical Control. When I design a three-dimensional part using software ( Autodesk Fusion 360 for me), I also define the "toolpaths" that guide the cutting tools, or end mills (really just high quality router bits), through the cuts. Understanding how to think in terms of negative space is key here. When using a CNC, it's a subtractive process and your design must be created in ways that are amenable to clearing material with, essentially, a router bit. The ultimate toolpath output consists of lines of numerical data (gcode) that are fed to the machine using driver software (in my case, Universal GCode Sender ).Below is a photo of the machine, including the stand I made from Craigslist-procured pallet wood, and a bit holder I made using it.Then, there's the cutting workflow to consider. How will I make the cuts? Will they be rough or finish cuts? How much of the jack can I make with the thing? What should I define for the material dimensions (considering the unique characteristics of the cutter and dust collection boot), etc. It turns out, at least for me, the CNC generally offers an 80/20 production proposition - I can cut about 80% of a part, leaving 20% for finish handwork.Whenever creating a new part for cutting on the CNC, I always run a prototype set first. The one in the photo below is of poplar and the lengths of the jacks are excessive, but I didn't care since I would be throwing them into the scrap bin for Crazy Chicken Lady, anyway.I'm cutting the final blanks from a 4mm thick sheet of beech and then also cutting the tongues from a 5mm sheet of beech. Again, the orientation of the material and parts are the keys to success here. In this case, I'm cutting on the "face" of the jacks and the "side" of the tongues. Because the sheets are so thin, I installed inserts into the wasteboard of the CNC so I could use flat headed screws to hold down the material. This virtually negates the chances of hitting a clamp while cutting.As you can see, the hold down screws are well out of the way. Once I was happy with this alteration, I charged ahead with cutting 40 jacks from beech.As you can see, a little handwork is in order to get the jacks into shape to accept tongues. I'll sand them down and the cut the tongue bevels into them using a small, thin Japanese saw. The bevels are at about 30 degrees and their depth of cut on the front and back are determined largely by their length (if that makes any sense at all). I will be putting 5.5mm and 3mm tick marks on the front and back, cutting them, and then clearing the bevel material with a 3mm (1/8") wide chisel. Like I said, an 80/20 proposition.Interestingly, the tongues require much less handwork after cutting.Because I'm using a 5mm thick piece of beech and cutting them from the side, this will help them fit snugly into the space cut for the jack tongues so I can drill accurate fastening holes using a jig loaned to me by Owen. Then, I'll sand them down a bit so they swing freely in their respective slots. More to come on this exacting process.On a tangentially related note, I did manage to pick up a Triquetra-CNC "touch probe" for the CNC. When dealing with small tolerances like those required by jack and tongue cutting, it's necessary to get the bit as close to the true top of the material as possible. A touch probe does the trick by plugging into the CNC motherboard and calling a probe function of the software I use to run the machine. This gives me complete accuracy on the X, Y, and Z planes so the cuts are flawless. It's arguably the best $70 I've ever spent.Until next time...
The former head of the British Army, independent crossbench peer Lord Dannatt, used his speech during the debate in the House of Lords yesterday, to attack the Marriage (Same-sex Couples) Bill, saying its process was “an abuse”, and saying that it went against what he “spent 40 years of his professional life upholding”.
Peers will continue debating the Marriage (Same-sex Couples) Bill as part of its second reading in the Upper House from 3pm this afternoon. Two thirds of the 93 peers who had signed up to speak at the debate spoke yesterday.
Lord Dannatt said: “I believe that the process of this Bill to date has been tantamount to an abuse of process, which as a member of the mother of parliaments I am deeply unhappy about.
“Following due process and procedure is a principle that I spent the 40 years of my professional life upholding.”
He continued to say that he thought the bill had been “fast-tracked”, and that he could not accept it, deeming it “an abuse of the democratic process”.
“We fought for the ballot box for 38 years in Northern Ireland. We stood for democracy against communism for 44 years in Europe. We stood for the democratic rights of self-determination in the Falklands in 1982 and we still do. And now as a Parliamentarian I am asked to accept an abuse of the democratic process and I will not do it.
“This Bill is of historic importance and in my view history will judge us poorly if this issue was thought to have been fast-tracked to the statute book without due regard to the established democratic and parliamentary processes.”
A rally will be held from 5pm this evening at the House of Lords in support of same-sex marriage, ahead of the vote on the Marriage (Same-sex couples) Bill. Yesterday's rally was attended by actor Russell Tovey, Conservative MP for Finchley and Golders Green Mike Freer, Shadow Home Secretary and Shadow Minister for Equalities, Yvette Cooper, Liberal Democrat peer Liz Barker and human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell.
Baroness Barker stood to make a speech in which she spoke of her love for another woman – revealing publicly for the first time that she, herself, is in a same-sex relationship.
Human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell said to PinkNews.co.uk: “It is uncertain how the House of Lords will vote. We don't know the extent of the opposition. It would be a big mistake to assume that equal marriage is a done deal.”
It is part of Kanye West's job to tell people the truth about himself, just like it is part of his job to make great songs. “And now having the most Grammy nominations. I told you the truth,” he announces to the audience at the Staples Center. “People always tell you, ‘Be humble. Be humble.' When was the last time someone told you to be amazing? Be great! Be great! Be awesome! Be awesome!”
Kanye and Jay do “Niggas in Paris” eight times in a row in Los Angeles. With each new repetition, the song sounds more like a mantra. The more I think about the tour, the more remarkable Kanye's accomplishment seems, as does the risk he takes by appearing onstage with Jay-Z so many nights in a row in such a tightly scripted setting. His demand for more lights before performing “All of the Lights” is a self-abnegating bit of theater, in which he makes fun of what is actually interesting about his artistic persona. Repeating “Niggas in Paris” over and over again is something else—expressive, emotive, and over-the-top. The impulse to turn a rap song with a good beat into something that actually feels like art is both abstract and liberating for Kanye, for Jay-Z, and for the audience. Anyone who can use Jay-Z as a prop and make him like it—and make the rest of us like it, too—can do anything he wants.
After the ninth and final, record-breaking rendition of “Niggas in Paris,” Jay-Z sees fit to apologize to the sweaty, exhausted L.A. crowd. “I'm sorry if this is your first concert,” he says before the lights come on. “It's all downhill from here.”
Upon my return back east, I pay a visit to Rakim, the humble, soft-spoken introvert with a uniquely dark and mesmerizing voice who is generally regarded as the most influential rapper alive. In 1987, when he was 19 years old, Rakim released a record with the DJ Eric B., Paid in Full, on which he invented the more artful and interior form of rap that Kanye West has since made his own. He now lives in a mansion in the woods of Connecticut, like an urban samurai in exile, surrounded by football mementos, history books, and Muslim texts. It seems fair to say that Rakim is the conscience of rap; he knows more about the music, and has thought about it more deeply, than any cultural critic or historian.
Rakim admires Kanye as an artist who can create new beats and rub them up against samples scavenged from 50 years of American popular music. “You've really got to appreciate an artist that's really outspoken and feels like his music can change the world,” he explains, adding that he is impressed by the way Kanye's sensibility has become more complex and thoughtful over time, even as his genius as a producer has continued to grow. “He's living hard and he's maturing now.”
Yet Rakim is also bothered by the “luxury rap” that Kanye and Jay-Z are promoting. He grew up in a working-class suburban town on Long Island, he tells me, where the first generation of New York rappers, including the likes of Melle Mel and the Cold Crush 4, seemed like impossibly distant and heroic figures. At the same time, he continues, the fantasies they created in their rhymes were shared with their audience, not alienating. “Even when you think of what the Sugarhill Gang was saying—‘after school, I take a dip in my pool'—he had no pool, he had no Cadillac, he didn't have a lot of things he was speakin' on.” Rakim worries that the enormous rift between the rap audience and millionaire rappers who rhyme about Gulfstream jets is robbing the music of inventiveness and joy. “It's more like, ‘Look what I got' or ‘You ain't got what I got' or ‘You got to get what I got,'” he says. “It's making the listener a little envious of what's going on, and it's almost demeaning.”
When I tell Rakim about my earlier encounter with President Obama, he smiles. Unlike the president, Rakim says he prefers Kanye to Jay-Z. He stops himself for a moment, and then looks sad. “It's good that the president knows about Kanye, but to have to call him a jackass?” he says, leaning forward in his chair. “He should be a little more focused … I mean, that exposure could have been ‘Yeah, Kanye, he's a very interesting person.' Instead of ‘He's a jackass.'”
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
I went to see the Delta IV-Heavy rocket launch at Vandenberg Air Force Base in Lompoc, California on January 20. With the capacity to lift 23 tons of payload to low-Earth orbit, the rocket was the biggest to launch from the west coast of the United States to date, and it was a spectacular show.
The launch was delayed by two-and-a-half minutes from the initial schedule to avoid a piece of space debris, but otherwise it appeared to go flawlessly. As it was launching a National Reconnaissance Office payload, very little is public about the mission itself, including its destined orbit or how many satellites it was deploying. All we know is that they needed the ability to launch 23 tons to orbit.
The rocket lifted off from Vandenberg AFB's Space Launch Complex 6 (SLC-6), a launch pad built for high-profile missions. But SLC-6's place in history has been undercut many times due to various changes in the US space program.
A long road to launches
The construction of SLC-6 was first started in 1966 to serve the Manned Orbital Laboratory (MOL) program. MOL's mission was to launch astronauts to space to conduct experiments and reconnaissance activities, and it used a Gemini capsule modified to be launched with a space laboratory. The program had been developed to follow a canceled military space project, Dynasoar, but, in 1969, MOL was cancelled as well. The construction of SLC-6 was frozen even though the launch pad was almost completed.
Next came the Space Shuttle in the 1980s. SLC-6 was to be the main launch site for the Shuttle's polar-orbit missions, and the launch complex was refurbished for Shuttle launches and declared operational on October 15, 1985—Discovery was to become the first Shuttle launch from Vandenberg on October 15, 1986. However, the Challenger disaster earlier that year changed everything, and SLC-6 never received a Shuttle to launch—all it got was the shuttle Enterprise for ground tests. Enterprise is of course the Shuttle airframe developed for atmospheric testing, and was not made to go into orbit. After the change in the Shuttle program, SLC-6 stayed dormant for yet another decade.
The first launch from SLC-6 took place on August 15, 1995, almost 30 years after it was built, when an Athena 1 rocket boosted off the pad. However, the rocket lost control shortly after launch and was destroyed in a controlled explosion when it deviated off course. The first successful launch finally took place in August of 1997.
Getting heavy
SLC-6 has been in its current configuration since 2003, which enables it to launch the Delta-IV series of rockets. Two successful Delta IV-Medium launches took place in 2006, and the pad went through another extensive renovation so that it can launch the Delta IV-Heavies.
Yesterday's launch, at 1:10pm PST, was the first Delta IV-Heavy from the refitted SLC-6. The expendable booster is powered by three RS-68 engines that burn liquid hydrogen and oxygen. Each RS-68 provides 660,000 pounds (about 3 MN) of thrust. The rocket configuration yesterday used no solid rocket booster, so it produced very little smoke. The rocket's trail consisted only of water vapor—pure bright white against the cloudless blue sky of a perfectly sunny Californian January day. You can see it in the photo above: three distinct rocket engine flashes atop a towering cloud of water vapor. I happened to be positioned such that I ended up in the shadow cast by the vapor trail, so the rim of the trail is brightly outlined by the scattered sunlight shining from behind.
This was my fifth trip to Vandenberg to see a rocket launch; the first two got scrubbed and I had to go home empty-handed. The third time, it launched an Atlas V, except that it launched into a heavy fog with 100ft visibility, and I was standing 3 miles away from the pad. I felt the ground rumble, and heard the rocket engines roar, but saw absolutely nothing. Fourth time was a Minotaur IV last October—it was a solid-rocket booster, which creates an extremely bright engine flame. The launch took place after dark, and created a spectacular show that lit up the entire night sky.
And then the Delta IV-Heavy yesterday my experience just keeps getting better, and I am convinced that the best way to experience a launch is just to be there. The dynamic range of everything you see, hear, and feel is so large that no recording device can capture the entire range of sensation. The 75 meter tall rocket is surely a huge piece of hardware, but it climbs on top of a vapor trail that at the end is tens of miles tall, and you can see the rocket engine flames for quite a long time. It is hard to appreciate the scale unless you are there standing on the rumbling ground. The low-frequency bass sound is unlike anything I've ever heard, and I felt it with my skin too.
These big launches just don't happen very often, and I highly recommend the experience. The next Delta IV-Heavy launch will take place in Cape Canaveral this December. And then there are two more Shuttle launches before the Shuttle program comes to its end; a Shuttle launch is of course way bigger than the Delta-IVs. Get this: each of the Space Shuttle main engines produces 490,850 pounds (2.18MN), and then one solid rocket booster does whop 2,800,000 pounds (12.5 MN)—a Shuttle uses three main engines and two boosters! The next Shuttle Launch is currently scheduled for February 24, in Florida.
I will be thinking about all the missed opportunities SLC-6 has had when it goes up.
Welcome to the Apache UIMA™ project. Our goal is to support a thriving community of users and developers of UIMA frameworks, tools, and annotators, facilitating the analysis of unstructured content such as text, audio and video.
What is UIMA?
Unstructured Information Management applications are software systems that analyze large volumes of unstructured information in order to discover knowledge that is relevant to an end user. An example UIM application might ingest plain text and identify entities, such as persons, places, organizations; or relations, such as works-for or located-at.
UIMA enables applications to be decomposed into components, for example "language identification" => "language specific segmentation" => "sentence boundary detection" => "entity detection (person/place names etc.)". Each component implements interfaces defined by the framework and provides self-describing metadata via XML descriptor files. The framework manages these components and the data flow between them. Components are written in Java or C++; the data that flows between components is designed for efficient mapping between these languages.
UIMA additionally provides capabilities to wrap components as network services, and can scale to very large volumes by replicating processing pipelines over a cluster of networked nodes.
Apache UIMA is an Apache-licensed open source implementation of the UIMA specification [pdf] [doc] (that specification is, in turn, being developed concurrently by a technical committee within OASIS , a standards organization). We invite and encourage you to participate in both the implementation and specification efforts.
Here you can find:
Frameworks
Components, and
Infrastructure,
all licensed under the Apache license. The dashed-line boxes above are placeholders for possible future additions.
The Frameworks run the components, and are available for both Java and C++. The Java Framework supports running both Java and non-Java components (using the C++ framework). The C++ framework, besides supporting annotators written in C/C++, also supports Perl, Python, and TCL annotators. The UIMA-AS and UIMA-DUCC are both Scaleout Frameworks and are addons to the base Java framework. The UIMA-AS supports very flexible scaleout capability based on JMS (Java Messaging Services) and ActiveMQ. The UIMA-DUCC extends UIMA-AS by providing cluster management services to automate the scale-out of UIMA pipelines over computing clusters. Visit the UIMA-DUCC live demo description and the UIMA-DUCC live demo itself.
The frameworks support configuring and running pipelines of Annotator components. These components do the actual work of analyzing the unstructured information. Users can write their own annotators, or configure and use pre-existing annotators. Some annotators are available as part of this project; others are contained in various repositories on the internet.
Additional infrastructure support components include a simple server that can receive REST requests and return annotation results, for use by other web services.
The Addons and Sandbox is for Addons (Annotators and other things) for UIMA, and a place where new ideas are developed for potential incorporation into the project.
On September 9, METALLICA drummer Lars Ulrich talked about music and branding at the Billboard studio in New York City. Joining Ulrich for a discussion of the ever-shifting rules of music and brands were Steve Pamon, JPMorgan Chase head of sports and entertainment marketing; Crush Management's Jonathan Daniel, who has overseen the careers of SIA, FALL OUT BOY and TRAIN; Atlantic Records' Camille Hackney, who has put together brand deals for Janelle Monae (Cover Girl, Sonos, American Express), Hunter Hayes (Pepsi, ConAgra Foods) and Charli XCX (Samsung, JBL); Patience Ramsey, of Translation, the ad agency that helped created the Budweiser Made In America festival; and Jennifer Frommer, who has helped assemble seven-figure deals with T-Mobile and MasterCard at EDM conglomerate SFX. You can watch video footage of the discussion in four parts below.
On METALLICA becoming the first major act to perform in Antarctica, with a little help from Coke Zero:
Ulrich: "One thing METALLICA loves to do, we love to go to unexplored places. We were in China last year for the first time. Got a chance to go to Malaysia last year for the first time. There are still frontiers that maybe five, 10 years ago there was no infrastructure to support the type of thing we do. When someone said, 'Antarctica' — you have to look at Coke Zero and you may feel OK about getting in bed with that. So we did this thing for Coke Zero that helped facilitate that particular [event] in Antarctica, but it was primarily a campaign for Latin America. That doesn't mean that we would get in bed with Coke Zero in the United States. You have to look at what the scenario is as a one-off."
On whether U2's deal with Apple — estimated at $100 million and considered the biggest brand deal in music history — worked:
Ulrich: "I think U2 are the coolest… it's 2014 and anybody who thinks outside the box, or attempts in any way, shape or form, to break the status quo in the world of music, should be applauded. To me, it's not about whether the endeavor is a success or not. It's the fact that they have the balls and the foresight to throw something this radical at all of us. We are embedded in our creative process right now and this type of attempt to reinvent the wheel inspires me immensely."
Two tarantulas that likely escaped from a passenger's bag caused upheaval on an Air Transat flight from Punta Cana, in the Dominican Republic, to Montreal
The sight of tarantulas scurrying through the cabin on a recent Canada-bound flight left passengers screaming and standing on their seats, as flight attendants warned them to keep their ankles covered.
The two hairy spiders were spotted towards the end of an Air Transat flight from Punta Cana, in the Dominican Republic, to Montreal in April.
Homeland Security: 'be patient' as airport lines reach extreme lengths Read more
“I was wearing a skirt and a spider crawled up my leg,” Catherine Moreau of Québec told Radio-Canada. “It was during the meal. My husband managed to catch the spider in a plastic container, but it wriggled its legs out. My daughter was crying, she was in shock.”
Flight attendants, she added, weren't sure what to do, with some of them scared to come near the spiders.
The union that represents Air Transat flight attendants said the plane's crew did all they could to keep passengers calm, instructing them to put their shoes on and cover their ankles. “They gave first aid to the person who said that a spider climbed their legs,” said Julie Roberts.
One of the spiders was captured during the flight. The second continued to roam the interior of the plane until the flight landed in Montreal, where it was trapped by a federal agent.
The tarantulas were likely Phormictopus cancerides, a species common to the Dominican Republic, Montreal-based entomologist Étienne Normandin told Radio-Canada. Ranging in length between 10cm and 20cm, the spider has fangs that can grow to 2cm or more.
Normandin described it as an aggressive species, but one whose venom is not very powerful.
Pointing to a lucrative market for live tarantulas, Normandin speculated the spiders may have been hidden in a passenger's carry-on. “It's a species that is often sold,” he said. Adult males of the species are coveted for the blue sheen on their carapace, which fades to a brass colour over time.
Air Transat described it as an “extraordinary and isolated event”. A spokesperson for the airline added in an email, “Passengers who have seen the spiders (we have no confirmation of the species) were certainly surprised, but according to our flight report, they reacted calmly.”
The union said several recommendations had emerged from the incident, resulting in a clear procedure to be followed should a similar incident occur in the future.
Corey Feldman has apparently taken Matt Lauer's advice and has decided to reveal the name of one of six Hollywood figures who molested him during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
During an apperance on the Dr. Oz show, he disclosed that the actor in question is none other than John Grissom.
The “Goonies” actor named Grissom just moments before calling law enforcement officials to report the allegations.
“That is him,” Feldman said as host Mehmet Oz held up a photo of Grissom on his phone. “That is the guy.”
For the first time ever, @Corey_Feldman is exposing his alleged abusers. Join us tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/T93AGkL7r5 — Dr. Mehmet Oz (@DrOz) November 1, 2017
On today's show, for the first time ever, Corey Feldman identified one of his alleged abusers: John Grissom. pic.twitter.com/hrQUSTzSCc — Dr. Mehmet Oz (@DrOz) November 2, 2017
Feldman, who has been a fixture on the daytime talk show circuit since first revealing in the mid-2006 that he and his friend Corey Haim were the victims of a Hollywood pedophilia ring. Feldman said he wanted to name Grissom in his 2013 memoir Coreyography, but his lawyers warned him not to.
Feldman has said the men repeatedly molested him, while Haim was repeatedly raped - a trauma that Feldman said contributed to Haim's death by drug overdose.
Of course, Feldman's claims are receiving new attention amid the deluge of accusations of sexual assault and abuse that have been levied against many powerful figures in the entertainment and media industries. Actor Kevin Spacey saw Netflix cancel his series “House of Cards” after actor Anthony Rapp said Spacey molested him in the 1980s.
Feldman has previously identified former child talent manager and convicted sex offender Marty Weiss as one of his former abusers. During his appearance on Today, Laur tried to goad Feldman into naming names live on air by questioning his credibility.
The “Stand By Me” actor encouraged Grissom on Thursday to turn himself in to police.
“Now is your time,” Feldman said Thursday. “Be a man for the first time and come forward yourself. ... Let it be known and you will be dealt with in a much more tolerant way, I'm sure. However, if you do not, we are coming for you.”
Grissom appeared in the 1980s movies “License to Drive” and “Dream a Little Dream,” which both starred Feldman.
As the Huffington Post pointed out, Feldman hinted at Grissom's identity in a series of tweets published in March.
U-20 MNT
CHICAGO (Jan. 15, 2017) —U.S. U-20 Men's National Team head coach Tab Ramos has named 24 players to his January Camp roster. The training camp, taking place from Jan. 15-23, will be held at the U.S. Soccer National Training Center in Carson, California.
The camp marks the first official gathering for the U-20 MNT in 2017. The team's last assembly came in December when the U-20s traveled to San Jose, Costa Rica – the site of next month's CONCACAF U-20 Championship – for a foreign training camp and a pair of friendlies vs. the host nation.
As the team continues to prepare for the U-20 World Cup qualifying tournament, January Camp will serve as an opportunity for Ramos and his coaching staff to provide supplemental player development to the pool in addition to what players receive in their club environments.
“We are very excited to be getting closer to competing for a U-20 World Cup spot,” Ramos said. “We are now working with players within our core group of 35, and I am confident that with the hard work during this camp we will be closer to achieving our goals.”
The team's final meeting before heading to Costa Rica will be a training camp in Orlando, Florida from Jan. 31-Feb 10. The first game for the United States at the 2017 CONCACAF U-20 Championship is set to kick off on Saturday, Feb. 18 against Panama.
Roster Notes:
Josh Sargent, currently in Residency with the U-17 U.S. Men's National Team, is making his roster debut with the U-20 player pool
Three players were selected in the M.L.S. Superdraft on Jan. 13: Miles Robinson (2nd overall by Atlanta United FC), Jonathan Lewis (3rd overall by New York City FC) and Jeremy Ebobisse (4th overall by Portland Timbers)
Erik Palmer-Brown, the only player on the roster to play in the 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup, rejoins the U-20 roster for the first time since 2015
Roster by Position:
GOALKEEPERS (3): Jonathan Klinsmann (University of California; Newport Beach, Calif.), JT Marcinkowski (Georgetown; Alamo, Calif.), Brady Scott (De Anza Force; Petaluma, Calif.)
DEFENDERS (9): Hugo Arellano (LA Galaxy; Norwalk, Calif.), Marcello Borges (Michigan; Kearny, N.J.), Marlon Fossey (Fulham; Surbiton, ENG), Justen Glad (Real Salt Lake; Tucson, Ariz.), Aaron Herrera (New Mexico; Casa Grande, Ariz.), Erik Palmer-Brown (Sporting Kansas City; Lee's Summit, Mo.), Tommy Redding (Orlando City SC; Oviedo, Fla.), Miles Robinson (Atlanta United FC; Arlington, Mass.), Auston Trusty (Philadelphia Union; Media, Pa.)
MIDFIELDERS (8): Danny Acosta (Real Salt Lake; Salt Lake City, UT), Tyler Adams (New York Red Bulls II; Wappingers Falls, N.Y), Coy Craft (FC Dallas; Frisco, TX), Jonathan Gonzalez (CF Monterrey; Santa Rosa, Calif.), Jonathan Lewis (NYCFC; Plantation, Fla.), Sebastian Saucedo (Real Salt Lake; Park City, Ut.), Jonathan Suarez (Queretaro F.C.; Orange County, Calif.), Eryk Williamson (Maryland; Alexandria, Va.)
FORWARDS (4):
Jeremy Ebobisse (Portland Timbers, Bethesda, Md.), Brooks Lennon (Liverpool; Paradise Valley, Ariz.), Josh Sargent (Scott Gallagher Missouri; O'Fallen, Mo.), Brandon Vazquez (Atlanta United FC; Chula Vista, CA)
A pagan is at loggerheads with planning officials after they refused permission for a sacred shrine to an ancient antler-headed forest god.
Andrew Cleghorn has been told his tribute to Herne the Hunter might upset neighbours, including a nearby church.
Mr Cleghorn, from Kirkburn, Scottish Borders, wanted to build an altar, “sacred well” and statue plinth on his eight-acre smallholding. The statue was to be of Herne the Hunter, a horned forest spirit and protector of the land.
Mr Cleghorn, 52, also wanted to create a cattle flotation pool for swimming therapy on his land. This too was rejected, with one councillor – a former vet – observing that cows are “not that keen” on swimming.
Scottish Borders Council rejected the scheme because of its proximity to the protected landscape of Tweed Valley.
Mr Cleghorn took his application to a review meeting in a last-ditch attempt to gain permission. In a submission to the meeting, he told the panel he “is guided by the pagan Earth gods and wishes to create a special place for private worship”.
He added: “The low-impact sacred well and altar/statue stance will be sited at the source of a spring on the hill, with a view over the valley …where private meditation and worship can be carried out without impact to others.”
Mr Cleghorn suggested he was being “persecuted to the point of not being allowed to follow his own religious leanings within his home and small-holding”.
But planning officer Craig Miller warned that the proposed development could compromise the character of the local landscape.
Plans of the shrine published by the council show a 6m raised stone semi-circle flanked by two pillars. Within it there is a 3m semi-circular sacred well set behind a 2m stone statue plinth. Is not clear how large the proposed statue was as it is not included.
Mr Miller also said Mr Cleghorn had failed to give an economic justification for the development or show that it would not have an adverse effect on nearby roads or neighbours.
The panel denied Mr Cleghorn's appeal, also confirming the refusal of an application by him for a cattle flotation pool “for the therapy and tonal improvement of the stock”.
OTTAWA
Quebec judge Richard Wagner – who has presided over a number of high-profile cases including that of a former judge found guilty of murder – has been nominated to serve on Canada's top court.
If his nomination is confirmed, Wagner will replace Justice Marie Deschamps, who retired from the Supreme Court of Canada in August.
Wagner was appointed to the Superior Court of Quebec in 2004 and appointed to the Quebec Court of Appeal in February 2011. His father Claude, Quebec's first justice minister, ran in the 1976 Progressive Conservative leadership race but was defeated by Joe Clark.
"Justice Wagner's candidacy comes following a rigorous and comprehensive evaluation process of his merit and commitment to legal excellence," Prime Minister Stephen Harper said in a statement. "He is an exceptional candidate with the skills and qualifications needed to serve Canadians well."
Before the deal can be sealed, Wagner will face an ad hoc committee of parliamentarians Thursday to answer questions on his nomination and qualifications. A selection panel of five MPs from each party previously reviewed a list of candidates and reduced the pool to three before the government made its recommendation.
NDP justice critic Francoise Boivin says she believes Wagner will be an "excellent" addition to the court. Boivin says he is a strong judge who is bilingual. The NDP has called for all Supreme Court justices to speak both official languages.
But Queen's University law professor Kathy Lahey calls the recommendation of Wagner "disappointing" because it will reduce the number of female justices on the bench to three. She says sex equity should be "reflected in every institution in Canadian society."
"This reduces the diversity and equity reflected in the Court, and sends the message that the wisdom and expertise of women lawyers and judges is still not valued equally with that of men in 21st century Canada," Lahey said.
-with files from Jessica Murphy
Kristy.Kirkup@sunmedia.ca
On Twitter: @kkirkup
Can A Vegan Diet Give You All You Need? German Nutritionists Say 'Nein'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Susan Stone Courtesy of Susan Stone
For some, there's a a glam factor attached to the vegan lifestyle. And these days, there seems to be a growing chorus singing the praises of the environmental and health benefits of a plant-centric diet.
Perhaps nowhere is the embrace of a vegetarian diet more on display than in Berlin, Germany, dubbed a global vegan mecca for its growing array of restaurants (think: vegan kebabs, pizza and ice cream) as well as vegan street festivals — and even a vegan butcher. One pro-vegan group estimates about 80,000 people in Berlin are following a vegan diet.
If you listen to my story, you'll hear Berlin resident Moza Kabbar, who says there's a huge boom in enthusiasm for veganism in the city.
But not everyone in Germany is on board. In a new paper, the German Nutrition Society says a vegan diet can't provide everything your body needs.
"With a pure plant-based diet, it is difficult or impossible to attain an adequate supply of some nutrients," states the German Nutrition Society's new position on the vegan diet. "The most critical nutrient is B-12," which is found in eggs and meat. The group says if you follow a vegan diet, you should take supplements to protect against deficiencies.
According to the German nutritionists, other "potentially critical nutrients" that may be a challenge to get in a vegan diet include omega-3s — found in fatty fish — as well as minerals such as calcium, iron, iodine, zinc and selenium. So the group recommends that vegans get advice from a nutrition counselor and be "regularly checked by a physician." In addition, the society recommends against a vegan diet for pregnant women, women who are breast-feeding, children and adolescents.
Advocates for veganism say the new position from German nutritionists goes too far.
"With a little planning and knowledge, rest assured, you can get everything you need from a vegan diet for great health ... at any age," Jimmy Pierson, a spokesperson for the Vegan Society, based in England, told us by phone.
Pierson acknowledges the point that it's harder to get some nutrients, such as omega 3s, from a vegan diet. But he points out that there are plant-based alternatives.
"Omega-3 is found in flaxseed, so I make sure I consume quite a bit of flaxseed every week," Pierson says. He says omega-3 supplements are another option. He also acknowledges that other supplements can be beneficial, too.
But he pushes back against the idea that you can't get enough calcium or iron while following a vegan diet. He says it's a matter of eating a wide array of plant-based foods, including beans, seeds, greens and nuts, as well as fruits and vegetables.
So, can you get everything you need from a vegan diet? I wondered what nutrition experts in the U.S. think.
"It is possible to get the nutrients you need," says Lisa Cimperman. She's a registered dietitian in Cleveland, Ohio, and a spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics.
But she says if vegans are not careful, they can — as the new German position paper points out — miss out, especially when it comes to vitamin B-12.
"B-12 only comes from animal products," says Cimperman. "It's necessary for proper red blood cell formation, as well as normal neurological function."
Many foods — including some breakfast cereals, as well as some nondairy creamers and milks — are fortified with B-12. So it's possible to get all the nutrition you need this way, if you eat enough of these fortified foods regularly.
But to make sure you're covering all your bases, "I would recommend [taking] a standard multivitamin," Cimperman says. It's a good insurance policy for vegans.
As for putting kids on vegan diets, the American Academy of Pediatrics says children can be well-nourished on all kinds of vegetarian diets, "but nutritional balance is very difficult to achieve if dairy products and eggs are completely eliminated," the position states. The academy recommends that if your child is following a vegetarian diet, "you need to guard against nutritional deficiencies."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mao Zedong, pictured here in 1963, was an avid reader of classical literature
A collection of handwritten notes by Mao Zedong, the founder of modern China, has been sold at auction for 10 times its estimated price.
The notes, written in 1975 to a professor who had been hired to read to Mao, were sold at Sotheby's in London for £704,750 ($910,000).
The auction house said the manuscripts were of the "utmost rarity".
The notes relate to classical Chinese literature and poetry, something the Chinese leader was known to enjoy.
They were written the year before Mao died, as his health deteriorated.
His sight was failing and he struggled to read, so requested the presence of a literary expert to read to him.
A scholar, Di Lu, was found, and the two began meeting. But because Mao was having trouble articulating words, she asked him to write his thoughts down on a notepad to ease communication.
The notes were the product of these meetings and offered, Sotheby's said, "numerous valuable insights into Mao's thinking on literature".
Image copyright Sotheby's
Mao Zedong led the Chinese Communist Party, which defeated the Kuomintang in 1949 and founded the People's Republic of China.
As a young man he worked in Peking University Library and was known throughout his life as a keen reader and writer of classical literature, despite his revolutionary political values.
Sotheby's said the notes had been bought by a Chinese collector, after attracting interest from around the world.
Gabriel Heaton, a books and manuscripts specialist from the auction house, said they gave "an indication of Mao's cultural hinterland, of his interests far beyond politics and his deep knowledge of classical Chinese literature".
Asked why they had gone for a much higher price than the £60,000-80,000 estimates, he said manuscripts written by Mao were "exceptionally rare on the market, which makes it very difficult for us to estimate them in the first place".
Interest in items linked to Mao was strong, particularly in Asia and China, he said.
Earlier this year, a silkscreen portrait of him by Andy Warhol fetched $11m at auction in Hong Kong.
Multi-Color Is Coming To The adidas Ultra Boost
3.69 / 5 37 VOTES This post contains references to products from one or more of our advertisers. We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products. The opinions and information provided on this site are original editorial content of Sneaker News.
Think the all-white adidas Ultra Boost pairs disappeared quickly? We can imagine there's a similar fate for the three stripe's latest combination of Primeknit and Boost technologies, as the Ultra Boost follows in the footsteps of Nike's Flyknit line with a Multi-Color release of its own. Instead of dominating the entire upper though, the rainbow array of interwoven Primeknit only appears on the toecap while the rest of the model keeps the pristine white on white alive. It's definitely an original look, and could even point to an entire Multi-Color pair in the future. For now, all we have are a few images of the upcoming adidas Ultra Boost featuring one of the most interesting color blockings to date. Check out more photos below.
Source: realchickenwop
With foreclosures surging, the last thing the nation needs is another government-hosted meeting where mortgage lenders pledge once again to do their utmost to help distressed borrowers stay in their homes — and then go back to the business of foreclosure.
Yet, a meeting and a round of pledges is exactly what Senator John McCain called for on Tuesday, as if the country had not been down that fruitless road already. The real core of his speech was his argument against government action to help dig distressed homeowners — or the country — out of the mortgage mess.
Mr. McCain's talk therapy will not ease, let alone end, the worst foreclosure crisis since the Depression or the financial crisis that has erupted in its wake. But worse yet is what it says about the presumptive Republican nominee's view of the economy and the government's responsibility to protect and help its citizens.
His suggestion that federal aid might wrongly reward “undeserving” homeowners sounded both mean-spirited and economically naïve. And then there is the double standard. He seemed less concerned about the government helping reckless bankers, endorsing its role in preventing the bankruptcy of Bear Stearns .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
No one has ever proposed helping real estate speculators. And the senator's language obscures the reality that most troubled homeowners did not get into trouble by themselves. Lenders, aided and abetted by bankers and do-nothing regulators, lured many borrowers into overly complex, ultimately unaffordable loans. Mr. McCain also failed to grasp that the foreclosure problem has gone far beyond the issue of the deserving and undeserving. What is on the line now is the health of the economy, including the viability of the financial system: Helping troubled borrowers stay in their homes would help the banks by reducing defaults and foreclosures.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The question now is not whether the government should intervene, but how. The two Democratic candidates clearly understand that better than the White House or Senator McCain. Senators Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama have called for a bigger role for the Federal Housing Administration that would allow it to restructure or refinance more troubled loans.
Both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Obama have endorsed the best idea currently on the table to prevent foreclosure: amending the law so that troubled borrowers can have their mortgages modified in bankruptcy court. That would give lenders a big incentive to work with borrowers — reducing interest or lowering principal balances — before they opted for bankruptcy protection. Mrs. Clinton also has called for $30 billion in federal funds to bolster state and local foreclosure-prevention efforts and has proposed a 90-day moratorium on foreclosures and a rate freeze on subprime adjustable mortgages. Those measures also could help, but as the crisis has developed, the problem has become less one of resetting interest rates and more one of borrowers owing more than their homes are worth. Bankruptcy reform is a better way to deal with that problem.
Sometimes, news stories come along that just make you question the sanity of the entire world, and all you can do in the face of such madness is dye your hair green, put on a purple suit, and laugh. Here is one such story: According to Deadline, Martin Scorsese of all people is set to produce an origin story about legendary Batman villain the Joker, with The Hangover's Todd Phillips co-writing the script with 8 Miles Scott Silver.
Deadline says that this will be a wholly Joker-centric origin story that “isn't part of any other iteration,” which presumably means that this is not the origin for Jared Leto's Joker from Suicide Squad or any other cinematic Jokers. That means that this will apparently be disconnected from DC's cinematic universe, which also means that Batman himself probably won't be in it. The studio is reportedly looking for someone new (and possibly younger) to star as the Joker.
Advertisement
Also, the movie will somehow be a “gritty and grounded hard-boiled crime film” that takes place in the ‘80s and just happens to be about a criminal who dresses like a clown. Apparently, the goal is make it feel less like “a DC movie” and more like a retro Scorsese movie in the vein of Taxi Driver or Raging Bull, but—again—with a criminal who dresses like a clown.
Like other testimony released to the public throughout the trial, Mr. Bo's speech avoided any mention of party politics, including machinations by other senior officials at the time that involved him and Mr. Wang. The speech appeared to confirm earlier assertions from people close to the case that Mr. Wang and Ms. Gu had had an affair of some sort.
Chinese news portals devoted top headlines on Monday to Mr. Bo's accusation. His closing argument was perhaps the most colorful element in a five-day trial that brimmed with high drama.
Evidence at the trial has also shown that Ms. Gu and their son, Bo Guagua, regularly took favors from a tycoon friend, Xu Ming, including a $3.2 million villa on the French Riviera; a $131,000, six-person vacation to Africa in 2011 that included the use of a private jet; and a $12,000 Segway for the son, who also traveled to Paris, Venice, Argentina, Cuba and, for the 2006 World Cup, Germany. “It was convenient to call Xu Ming,” Ms. Gu testified. “He used to pay for things.”
Mr. Bo has not denied that those two had a cozy relationship — he only disavowed knowledge of gifts given — and the portrait the testimony paints of his family is likely to condemn him in the eyes of many Chinese citizens who abhor the official corruption so rampant in China. It could also be enough to convince ordinary people and leftist intellectuals, who praised Mr. Bo for pushing neo-socialist economic policies and an anticorruption campaign when he was party chief of Chongqing, that he is a hypocrite.
The trial also benefits party leaders by sending a warning to another audience: corrupt party officials. The new party leader, Xi Jinping, is directing a campaign to rein in their lavish living arrangements and bring “tigers and flies” to heel for corruption. The state media have trumpeted Mr. Bo as the biggest tiger caged so far.
Other salacious details of decadence and conflict in the Bo family emerged over the weekend. Mr. Bo testified Saturday that he himself had had an affair that drove his wife and son to Britain. On Sunday, he quibbled over testimony from Mr. Wang, who had said that Mr. Bo punched him, bloodying his face, after he confronted him with suspicions that Ms. Gu had murdered the Briton, Neil Heywood. Mr. Bo insisted he had only slapped Mr. Wang: “I've never trained in boxing,” he said, “and I don't have that kind of force.”
In another awkward moment, Mr. Bo insisted Saturday that he had not intended to embezzle $820,000 from a state construction project in the city of Dalian, where he had been mayor, and disputed testimony from a planning official that he had told his wife over a cellphone to take the money. “All those who know me well know that I always tell them to turn off their cellphone first when talking with me,” he said. “I'm quite a cautious person.”
Dr. Farid Fata, 50, tells court before sentencing that he is ashamed and sorry for what he did to his patients.
Buy Photo Family and friends of victims of Dr. Farid Fata react to his sentencing on Friday, July 10, 2015. Fata received 45 years in federal prison at U.S. District Court in Detroit. (Photo: Jessica Trevino, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
He pumped poisonous chemotherapy drugs into patients for years, telling them they had cancer. They didn't.
He over-treated terminal cancer patients rather than letting them die peacefully. When he could profit from it, he also under-treated actual cancer patients.
And on Friday, nearly two years after his arrest, Dr. Farid Fata was sentenced to 45 years in federal prison for violating more than 550 patients' trust and raking in more than $17 million from fraudulent billings.
For many people tortured by Oakland County oncologist's treatments, it was a weak punishment.
"He killed my husband," said Patricia Loewen of Prudenville, whose husband, Kenneth Paul Loewen, died in September at age 62. She said the former cancer doctor, now age 50, deserves to never be freed.
Loewen was one of hundreds of victims over-treated, misdiagnosed or under-treated so Fata could fraudulently rake in more than $17 million. Federal prosecutors call it the most egregious case of fraud case they've ever seen.
"This is a huge, horrific series of criminal acts that were committed by the defendant," U.S. District Judge Paul Borman said before sentencing Fata, saying the once-prominent oncologist "practiced greed and shut down whatever compassion he had."
Borman, who sentenced Fata to 45 years total on multiple counts of health care fraud, money laundering and conspiracy to pay and receive kickbacks, said the crimes called for "a very significant sentence for very, very terrible conduct."
U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade's prosecutors asked for 175 years, the maximum. She said afterward that the result was "close to a life sentence," and that she didn't expect the case to be so egregious when they'd started on it.
"Chemotherapy, as you know, is poison," McQuade said. "Dr. Fata gave poison to people who didn't even have cancer ... to make money."
Loewen said 45 years is a poor deterrent to other bad doctors. Parole isn't possible in the federal case, but Fata could be released while he's still alive because of good behavior while in prison.
A McQuade spokeswoman said she didn't know how much credit Fata could get for behaving himself, and a spokesman with the Federal Department of Prisons didn't immediately return a call for comment.
Not all victims were upset with Borman's sentence.
Sydney Zaremba's 87-year-old mother died less than four months after Fata started chemotherapy for a stage 1 (early stage) tumor in her neck. She said it was confirmed her mother was over-treated with support drugs, and that she didn't deserve to die the way she did.
"Of course, everybody would want to see life," Zaremba said of Fata's sentence. "No matter what happens, nobody wins in this situation. There will never be justice."
She said she believes Borman gave Fata 45 years knowing that if the sentence is appealed, "whoever takes that on will look at it and say, 'That's pretty reasonable.'"
Loewen's husband had esophageal cancer, and she said Fata started chemotherapy before he had a chance to heal from surgery. And her husband was put on Neulasta, a drug so strong it knocked him "to the ground and on the couch for days," she said.
"It only made my husband sicker," she said. "And to find out the Neulasta shots were unnecessary, I'm just devastated."
Loewen said her husband was scheduled for eight radiation treatments one day after Fata was arrested; when they went to different doctors, they learned he didn't even need radiation.
Fata, who openly wept in court Friday as he apologized for his actions, admitted to fraudulently billing Medicare, insurance companies and at least 550 patients through misdiagnoses, overtreatment and undertreatment. In some cases, he gave nearly four times the recommended dosage amount of aggressive cancer drugs; in at least one, a patient was given toxic chemotherapy for five years when the standard treatment was six months, according to former patients and experts who testified in court this week.
"I misused my talents ... because of power and greed. My quest for power is self-destructive," Fata told the court before sentencing. He said he is "horribly ashamed of my conduct" and prays for repentance.
Zaremba said she believes Fata was sincere.
"I actually cried," she said, adding that the educated, Christian man with such training to help people must feel intense remorse. "I had felt pity the first time I saw him come in in shackles."
Defense attorney Christopher Andreoff asked Borman to sentence Fata to no more than 25 years in prison, saying even that could be a life sentence because of Fata's health.
"Our recommendation will give him nothing more than a chance for release before he dies," Andreoff said.
U.S. Assistant Prosecutor Catherine Dick told the court her office has "never seen anything like this before. ... And that is because of the harm."
"Fata was greedy, and he wanted that money," Dick said. "What this defendant did is unquantifiable. There is no way to quantify the suffering."
Dr. Farid Fata pleaded guilty in September to 13 counts of health care fraud, two counts of money laundering and one count of conspiring to pay and receive kickbacks. (Photo: michigancancercenter.com)
Dick said patients died in horrible pain from Fata's treatments.
Borman had set the sentencing guidelines to 30 years to life on Thursday based on the charges and circumstances.
"My role ... is to impose a sentence sufficient but not greater than necessary," Borman said Friday morning.
The federal court this week heard accounts of about 22 victims, who shared unthinkable experiences of a healthy adult undergoing chemotherapy and losing nearly all his teeth, of a patient diagnosed with lung cancer when he had kidney cancer, and more. Some statements were read by family members of patients who died.
Some patients with no documented iron deficiencies were given overwhelming amounts of iron, while others were given lower-than-needed doses of chemotherapy drugs, experts testified.
McQuade called his case the "the most egregious" health care fraud case her office has seen. On Friday after sentencing, she applauded the whistleblower office manager who tipped off investigators. She also thanked the victims for their help in prosecuting and applauded the cooperation among the FBI, IRS and U.S. Department of Health and Human Services in bringing Fata to justice.
Fata, arrested in August 2013, pleaded guilty last September to 13 counts of health care fraud, two counts of money laundering and one count of conspiring to pay and receive kickbacks. The case involves $34.7 million in billings to patients and insurance companies, and $17.6 million paid for work Fata admitted was unnecessary. He remains incarcerated, and his medical license has been revoked.
The former doctor has agreed to forfeit $17.6 million and a number of assets in the case. The sentencing hearing began Monday and has also included testimony from experts on behalf of prosecutors, as well as statements from victims who support Fata.
Gregory Cadd of White Lake said Fata should've gotten double the sentence, and he doesn't care about getting any money.
"I don't want anything back from him," he said. "If anyone shoves a check in my hand, I'm going to find the nearest charity that I can to give it to in the name of my father."
Cadd said his father's good insurance policy and lung cancer is what led to the over-treatment by Fata, who "just kept it up, kept it up until finally my father passed away because of that monster," Cadd said, becoming tearful. "That's all he ever was is a monster out to live off people's pain and suffering, and wanted to live the good life."
Fata, a married father of three and a naturalized U.S. citizen whose native country is Lebanon, was charged with running the scheme that involved billing the government for medically unnecessary cancer and blood treatments. His family has moved out of the country, and his attorney said he is lonely while incarcerated.
The government said Fata ran the scheme from 2009 to 2014 through his medical businesses, including Michigan Hematology Oncology Centers, with offices in Clarkston, Bloomfield Hills, Lapeer, Sterling Heights, Troy and Oak Park.
The once highly-respected doctor clutched an handkerchief while addressing the court Friday, his voice becoming high-pitched with emotions at times.
"I have violated the medical oath, and I have caused anguish, hardship and pain to my patients and their families," he said. "They came to me seeking compassion and care. I failed them."
He didn't visibly react when the sentence was read or when he was handcuffed and escorted from the courtroom.
Contact Robert Allen at rallen@freepress.com or @rallenMI.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1IP8guu
WASHINGTON -- Here are some bits and pieces from the first couple of days of the season while we wonder if Max Scherzer would've thrown the first Opening Day no-hitter since Bob Feller if not for some mistakes by his teammates. (For what it's worth, the always-accountable Ian Desmond said he felt like a Little Leaguer.)
1. The Chicago Cubs' shortstop situation is a work in progress. New manager Joe Maddon mentioned in his office the other day that Kris Bryant took pressure off everyone else in camp in spring training because of all the attention paid to his performance and the timing of his ascension to the big leagues. (Speaking of which, April 17 is a date worth watching; it's a Friday home game at Wrigley Field against the Padres, and it's after enough time has passed so that Bryant won't get credit for a full season of service time.) But as soon as Bryant is called up, the next big item on the Cubs' agenda might be shortstop.
Prospect Addison Russell won over his teammates in a big way this spring with his talent -- especially on defense, showing quickness and excellent hands -- but also with his demeanor, particularly the serious way he goes about his work. If you took a show of hands in the Cubs' clubhouse, I suspect most would probably vote for him as the organization's best glove man at the position, and some rival evaluators believe Russell could hit in the big leagues well enough right now to support his defense.
The Cubs already have an All-Star at the position in Starlin Castro, who is a proven hitter in the big leagues.
We talked about it as a troop. All 12 girls in our troop said this was a problem they also noticed and we talked about how we could improve it. I suggested that we create a Girl Scout patch that would encourage girls to raise their hands in class and be more confident about using our voices. The other girls loved the idea, and they had other suggestions. As a troop we decided to go the local council, Girl Scouts Nation's Capital, which represents more than 62,000 girls in the Greater Washington, D.C., region, to present our idea.
We decided to call it the Raise Your Hand patch. Its message is that girls should have confidence, step up and become leaders by raising our hands.
As with every patch in Girl Scouts, you have to earn this one. To get it, a scout needs to pledge to raise her hand in class and recruit at least three other girls who promise to do the same. As of this week, troops across the country can order the Raise Your Hand patch. I'm proudly wearing mine.
People say girls have to be 90 percent confident before we raise our hands, but boys just raise their hands. I tell girls that we should take the risk and try anyway, just like the boys do. If the answer is wrong, it's not the end of the world. It's not like answering a trivia question to win a million dollars on live TV.
Since our patch launched, Girl Scouts Nation's Capital has received phone calls from troops all over the country who want to get involved. I'm so excited that girls in other troops that I don't even know will soon sew the patches onto their vests or sashes.
On their first date, when my mom found out that my dad's middle name was Paul, she instantly knew that if she married my dad and had a baby girl she would call me Alice Paul. Alice Paul was one of the women who led the movement for women to have the right to vote. Having Alice Paul's name makes me feel special. For women to be equal to men, we have to fight for it.
“For sure, they ate better than we did,” orthodontist Elisa Vanacore said during a press conference in Pompeii on Tuesday, after analyzing some of the initial results.
“They have really good teeth – they ate a diet that contained few sugars, and was high in fruit and vegetables,” she added, perhaps busting the image of Romans as decadent banquet-loving individuals who loved nothing more than a good binge and visit to the vomitorium.
“The initial results also show the high levels of fluorine that are present in the air and water here, near the volcano,” Vanacore continued, accounting for the excellent dental records discovered so far.
But these are just the initial results of a project that is seeking to pass 86 plaster casts containing the petrified corpses through a modern CAT scan machine in order gain an insight into the human remains.
Photo: The Archaeological Site of Pompeii
The archaeological superintendent of Pompeii, Massimo Osanna, was quick to underscore the importance of the interdisciplinary project, which will see archaeologists working alongside computer engineers, radiologists and orthodontists.
“It will reveal much about the victims: their age, sex, what they ate, what diseases they had and what class of society they belonged to. This will be a great step forward in our knowledge of antiquity.”
The technique of plaster casting the petrified victims was first invented in 1886 by Italian archaeologist Giuseppe Fiorelli, and was a way of moving victims that were found at the site and preserving their remains from disintegration.
However, while casting allowed archaeologists to perfectly record the external details on each corpse, including facial expressions and clothing, it stopped them from being able to thoroughly analyze the organic materials like teeth and bone inside - until now.
Photo: The Archaeological Site of Pompeii
Unfortunately, the machine only allows casts of a 70cm diameter to enter – so parts of the more portly residents of Pompeii will remain a mystery – although their heads and chests will be scanned as much as possible.
On Monday, more of the casts were placed on stretchers and taken to be scanned. It wasn't just the men, women and children of the ancient city either.
Casts exist of animals like pigs and dogs, all of which were perfectly preserved at the moment of their death when red hot flow of volcanic ash slammed from Mount Vesuvius into the city in AD 79, burying it for the next 1800 years.
The Apple iPhone 6 release date is rumored for September which means that we may not get our first official glimpse at the iPhone 5s successor for several months. However, thanks to leaks and designers, consumers have been treated to a possible glimpse at the rumored iPhone 6 design and a look at how it might compare to top smartphones including the iPhone 5s, Samsung Galaxy S5 and HTC One M8.
As we approach next week's WWDC 2014 conference in San Francisco, we've started to hear a whole lot about Apple's plans for 2014, plans that the company's Eddy Cue says represent Apple's best product pipeline in the last 25 years. The company's plans are said to include OS X 10.10 for Mac, iOS 8 for iPhone and iPad, the elusive iWatch, an iPad mini with Retina 2, an iPad Air 2, and of course, a brand-new iPhone that's currently being called the iPhone 6.
The names iPhone 6, iPhone Air and iPhone Pro have all been thrown around in recent weeks but the story is the same. The next iPhone will reportedly come with a brand-new set of features aimed at toppling Apple's main rivals.
iPhone 6 rumors point to a brand new A8 64-bit processor. A camera that will supposedly be equipped with image stabilization features for enhanced video. A sapphire display that could be virtually unbreakable. Two new high-resolution screens sizes. And a design that will supposedly be thinner than the iPhone 5s and closely resemble the iPod touch.
It's those last two features that are of great interest to consumers. The display sizes would represent the largest iPhone screen sizes to date. If true, we'd likely see the iPhone grow in size from the 4-inch iPhone 5s. We've heard from many people who are excited, skeptical, and angry about the potential size change. They're also curious.
Curious about how a larger iPhone 6 will stack up next to the iPhone 5s. Curious about how it might compare to top rivals like the Galaxy S5, HTC One M8 and Galaxy Note 3. And while we don't have all of the answers, iPhone 6 leaks have supplied us with an arsenal of photos and videos that show what the iPhone 6 could look like next to some of these current smartphones.
iPhone 6 vs. iPhone 5s
Consumer are extremely interested in how the iPhone 6 will compare to the iPhone 5s, Apple's current model. The iPhone 5s features a 4-inch Retina Display and a design the measures 7.6mm thin and weighs just 112 grams. The concern is that a larger iPhone 6 might dwarf the iPhone 5s.
While the iPhone 6 will almost certainly have to be larger to accommodate a larger display, rumors suggest that Apple will be doing all it can to keep the size difference to a minimum.
Rumors suggest that Apple could deliver an iPhone 6 that is up to 26% thinner than the iPhone 5s. A recent leak from Ukrainian website suggests Apple is aiming for a smartphone as thin as 6mm, but Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities believes a 6.5 – 7mm thickness is easier for the company to achieve. Recent leaks agree with Kuo's assessment and point to an iPhone 6 that could measure right around 7mm thin.
In a note shared by MacRumors, Kuo also says that he believes that the iPhone 6 will indeed come with a power button on the right and bezels that are narrower than those found on the iPhone 5s. In other words, this model lines up with current iPhone 6 rumors, though as we've pointed out, it's possible that these mockups are off base.
These changes have been visualized in a number of ways. First, we've seen designers try their hand at illustrating the potential changes. deuxani, a user on the MacRumors forum, offered a collection of images that show just how a 4.7-inch iPhone 6 might compare to the iPhone 5s.
We've also seen supposed iPhone 6 dummy units compared to the iPhone 5s. The image below comes from Moscoat who took photos of the model next to the iPhone 5s. The photo shows just how thin the iPhone 6 might be compared to the iPhone 5s.
These iPhone 6 dummy units have also been shown off on video next to Apple's current iPhone. The video below, from 9to5Mac, goes into great detail about the potential differences between the iPhone 5s and the iPhone 6 design.
We've also seen how a much larger iPhone 6 might compare to the iPhone 5s. Rumors suggest that Apple is working on a 5.5-inch version of its next iPhone. The photo below from Nowhereelse shows the potential size difference between the iPhone 5s and an iPhone sporting a 5.5-inch display. Like the 4.7-inch model, the 5.5-inch version is expected to be thin and rounded.
iPhone 6 vs. iPhone 5
Later this year, many iPhone 5 users will be coming off contract, looking for a new phone. Many we've spoken to are interested in Apple's iPhone 6 and how it might compare to the size of the iPhone 5.
Well, given that the iPhone 5s borrowed from the iPhone 5's design, the differences could mirror those seen above in the comparison to the iPhone 5s.
Those looking for a quick comparison can find one over on Sonny Dickson's website. He compared the iPhone 6 dummy to all of Apple's iPhones, including the iPhone 5. This iPhone 6 concept from Arthur Reis though offers a much more detailed look at how the new iPhone could compare to the 2012 model.
Reis' concept is based on the iPhone 6 rumors that have emerged in recent months. It depicts a realistic looking 4.7-inch iPhone 6 next to the iPhone 5. Once again, we see how thin the iPhone 6 might be compared to the old design. We also get another glimpse at the other design changes, including the oval buttons.
iPhone 6 vs. Samsung Galaxy S5
The Samsung Galaxy S5 is Samsung's latest flagship and it's a device that almost certainly is going to be around when the iPhone 6 arrives. In fact, we've heard from many consumers who are debating between the two. We haven't seen the real iPhone 6 compared to the 8.1mm thin Galaxy S5.
deuxani cooked up another illustration that shows us how a 4.7-inch iPhone 6 might compare to the 5.1-inch Android flagship. The iPhone 6 is noticeably smaller than the Galaxy S5, something that we've seen depicted in other photos and video.
Earlier this month, Macitynet posted photos that appear to show the iPhone 6 model next to the real Galaxy S5. The two photos show the potential size difference between two possible rivals.
9to5Mac also recently posted a video that shows the iPhone 6 dummy unit on film next ot the Verizon Galaxy S5. The comparison doesn't offer anything new but it's a much cleaner look at how the iPhone 6's design could match up.
iPhone 6 vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 3
If Apple does release a 5.5-inch iPhone 6, the device will have to contend with the well known Samsung Galaxy Note series from Samsung. We expect the company to have a Galaxy Note 4 ready by the time the iPhone 6 arrives on shelves but the Galaxy Note 4 design hasn't leaked out just yet.
Instead, consumers will have to settle with the image above that comes from Business Insider. While the image isn't too detailed, it shows what the 4.7-inch and what the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 models could look like next to Samsung's current Galaxy S and Galaxy Note lineup. The Galaxy Note 3, which comes with a 5.7-inch display, is larger than Apple's 5.5-inch model.
iPhone 6 vs. HTC One M8
The 5-inch HTC One M8 is HTC's current flagship smartphone and a device that should greet the iPhone 6 when it arrives later on this year. Like the iPhone 5s, the HTC One comes with a beautiful aluminum design that puts most Android smartphone designs to shame. It's not as thin as the iPhone 5s, 9.35mm compared to 7.6mm, and that means that the iPhone 6 could have at least one distinct advantage.
Three photos tell the story. The first two come courtesy of Sonny Dickson and they show just how much bigger, and thicker, the 5-inch HTC One M8 could be.
The other comes courtesy of Moscoat and it gives us another look at the alleged size difference between the two flagships. The smartphone on the far left is the iPhone 5s.
iPhone 6 vs. LG G2 vs. Nexus 5
deuxani's illustrations give us a look at how the iPhone 6, the 4.7-inch model, could compare to the 5-inch Nexus 5 and the 5.2-inch LG G2.
The LG G2 was recently replaced by the 5.5-inch LG G3, but price cuts should keep the LG G2 relevant until the iPhone 6 release. As for the Nexus 5, it will almost certainly be on shelves as a top Android rival.
Rumors suggest that Google has killed the rumored Nexus 6 and that It's next big smartphone release, said to be Android Silver, may not come until next February.
iPhone 6 vs. Moto X
The 4.7-inch Moto X will be replaced this summer but there is a chance that it could stick around as a budget option for consumers. Here is how Motorola's current 4.7-inch flagship might compare to the 4.7-inch iPhone 6.
The iPhone 6 seen here is much longer than the Moto X. It's also longer than the LG G2 Mini, a smaller version of the 5.2-inch LG G2.
BROCK Lesnar also failed a drug test on the day of his UFC 200 fight against Mark Hunt, having already tested positive in the lead-up, the UFC revealed today.
WWE superstar Lesnar, 39, beat Hunt via unanimous decision in Las Vegas on July 9 (US time) but the ‘Super Samoan' has since branded him a “f***ing cheat” and demanded to be given his record $2.5 million purse in the wake of the positive tests.
The UFC said in a statement it had been notified by USADA that Lesnar on fight day tested positive to the same substance he was flagged for in a June 28 test - a substance that is yet to be officially revealed. The UFC and USADA will reportedly not name the drug unless Lesnar first does so himself.
LA Times MMA reporter Lance Pugmire and ESPN's Brett Okamoto said the substance was an estrogen blocker - one of the same substances that knocked Jon Jones out of the planned main event v Daniel Cormier. Estrogen blockers are known to be used in conjunction with steroids, though neither Lesnar nor Jones have tested positive for steroids, according to any official information or reports.
I'm told by an official with knowledge of Brock Lesnar's positive test that the substance is clomiphene, the same one found in @JonnyBones. — Lance Pugmire (@latimespugmire) July 19, 2016
According to sources, Brock Lesnar tested positive for Clomiphene, the same anti-estrogen blocker Jon Jones tested positive for. — Brett Okamoto (@bokamotoESPN) July 19, 2016
Lesnar's latest possible violation was categorised as in-competition, occurring within 12 hours before or after the fight.
The result will cement Lesnar's risk of a two-year ban from the UFC. The UFC's anti-doping policy states that two positive tests could be adjudged aggravating circumstances and lead to additional sanctions.
Lesnar is facing sanctions from both USADA and the Nevada State Athletic Commission, which could also strip part of his purse.
Brock Lesnar punches Mark Hunt (R) during UFC 200. Source: AFP
The UFC statement read, in full: “The UFC organisation was notified today that the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) has informed Brock Lesnar that his in-competition sample collection from July 9, 2016, at UFC 200, has tested positive for the same substance as his previously announced out-of-competition collection on June 28, 2016.
“USADA, the independent administrator of the UFC Anti-Doping Policy, will handle the results management and appropriate adjudication of this case. It is important to note that, under the UFC Anti-Doping Policy, there is a full fair legal review process that is afforded to all athletes before any sanctions are imposed. The Nevada State Athletic Commission also retains jurisdiction over this matter as the sample collection was performed at UFC 200 in Las Vegas.
“Consistent with all previous potential anti-doping violations, additional information will be provided at the appropriate time as the process moves forward.”
Lesnar's only response so far has been a statement to AP: “We will get to the bottom of this.”
The wrestler controversially had a mandatory four-month testing period waived before making his UFC return, for his first fight in the Octagon since 2011.
However, he was tested eight times by USADA in the month leading up to UFC 200 - and has now been outed as having failed at least two of those doping controls.
Hunt was voicing his rage again on Twitter today.
One response to leading MMA journalist Ariel Helwani read: “U and I know it ain't no asthma bulls**t typical coming from the assholes training camp f***en bunch of cheating scum.”
@JonathanNg19 @BrockLesnar why rematch a dirty cheat what's the point he has to cheat to compete — mark richard hunt (@markhunt1974) July 19, 2016
Hunt (12-11-1) savaged Lesnar (6-3-0) and the UFC after the wrestler initial positive test.
“I said (to the UFC), ‘If you don't give me half his s**t [purse], I'm walking away from this company, I want out of here. This is rubbish',” Hunt said.
“You [UFC] better do something. I already talked to the bosses. They better do something or I want out of here, I want a release from my contract. You guys are just making a mockery out of us, you're making a fool out of me, you make me look like an idiot.
“I lost on that night to some f***ing cheat. There's no way he could weigh 265 [pounds] like me - he was about 500 kilos, there was no f***ing way he was weighing in at my weight. It just makes a mockery of the whole sport, it makes a fool out of all of us, all the people who've paid money for top end fighting - now all they've got is a cheat against a guy who doesn't cheat.
Mark Hunt punches Brock Lesnar (L) during UFC 200. Source: AFP
“It's ridiculous, I think it's rubbish and I think it's time for the UFC to stand up. Otherwise I don't want to be a part of this company and I think there are a lot of fighters that understand.
“They give frickin' [Nick] Diaz five years for marijuana - what about these clowns that are cheating? F***ing clowns that are caught doping for enhancement.”
Lesnar's positive tests validated Hunt's explosive claim that the WWE megastar would be “juiced up to the gills” for ths fight, and also his weekend declaration that Lesnar's B sample was sure to also be positive.
Hunt, who was in the first bout of a new six-fight contract with the UFC at UFC 200, was paid $700,000 to fight Lesnar. He was not able to trouble Lesnar with his ferocious punching power during the bout, largely due to the wrestler's incredible size and athleticism.
It is not expected that Lesnar's WWE career will be affected. The promotion could briefly sit him out under its Wellness Program, though he is set to wrestle Randy Orton at Summer Slam in August. He is also eligible to be taken in Wednesday's WWE Draft, the roster split between Raw ans SmackDown.
In 2006, Torrez was arrested on charges that he pulled a gun on another driver during an encounter in a parking garage, according to a criminal complaint in that case.
Torrez' car was blocking vehicles from exiting the garage on July 30 of that year, and there was a confrontation with the driver of a SUV behind the blocked exit, according to police.
Torrez allegedly got out, showed a handgun in his waistband, and then pointed the weapon at someone in the SUV, and a fight broke out. The gun went off three times during the struggle, and Torrez was "choked out" and disarmed, according to the criminal complaint.
Torrez was charged with aggravated battery and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, but in 2007 the case was dropped because prosecutors couldn't secure the cooperation of the victim and witnesses, online court records show. The complaint says the victim was initially evasive to police questions and said Torrez knew where he lived.
Online records in the 2006 case list Torrez' name as Torres, but the district attorney's office confirmed it is the same defendant as in Tuesday's killing.
In Tuesday's shooting, Torrez is accused of opening fire on the truck Lilly was in at around 3 p.m. local time (6 p.m. ET), in what police have described as a road rage incident.
Bernalillo County Metropolitan Court Judge Chris J. Schultz on Thursday called the killing "possibly one of the most wanton and atrocious acts as alleged I think in the history of this city" and kept Torrez' bail at $650,000. Torrez remained jailed Friday.
Lilly's father, Alan Garcia, told police he was cut off by a Toyota, he threw his hands up and yelled at that driver, and shots were later fired at Garcia's truck as he sped away, according to the criminal complaint. Lilly was shot in the head and died at a hospital.
An anonymous call led investigators to Torrez and he was arrested Wednesday, police said. Police said they have recovered the car and the firearm believed to have been used in the killing.
At last, I've found a home for my orphan - in the house F1 built: How Grand Prix TV presenter Natalie Pinkham reconciled her world with that of the desperate Romanian girl who captured her heart
Natalie Pinkham first met Mirela in 1999 as a volunteer at an orphanage
She found her again, ten years later, a severely disturbed teen
She vowed to find a home for the Romanian girl, and eventually suceeded
I first met Mirela when she was three years old. She had big brown eyes, a mop of brown hair, skinny arms and legs and a bloated belly.
Home – if you could call it that – was a decaying orphanage for 300 children in the Romanian city of Slatina, three hours west of Bucharest. She had nothing. No toys, no possessions. Even her clothes were rotated with the other orphans.
Yet, despite the deprivation, Mirela was a cheeky little thing who made a beeline for me every playtime. And when I left – after spending the summer of 1999 as a 20-year-old volunteer at the orphanage – I'd often think of her.
Scroll down for video
Brighter future: Orphaned Romanian teenager Mirela in her new bedroom with racing presenter Natalie Pinkham, who raised the money to find a home for Mirela and her siblings
Over the years, it was easier to imagine she'd been adopted and was safe and happy, so that's what I did. But deep down I knew that was unlikely.
For a while, the West did everything it could to help the orphans of Nicolae Ceausescu's dictatorship. Inevitably, though, the world moves on. People's attention shifted elsewhere, but what of Mirela?
Three years ago I decided to go back to Romania to find out. All I had was a photo. I didn't even know her surname. It took me weeks to find her. I searched the sewers of Bucharest where many homeless orphans seek shelter and spoke to prostitutes who had been in state care.
I discovered her in Slatina in a cramped two-bedroom flat with ten other children. She was no longer a toddler but a severely disturbed 13-year-old. Years of neglect and being tied to a radiator – that's how we found her – had done their worst. According to the child psychiatrist Professor Michael Rutter, the brain shrinks when a person goes without love. So it was with Mirela. She couldn't talk or interact and hit herself constantly.
It was so sad to look into her eyes. They were dead. What had she seen and experienced over the past decade? She was also painfully thin and couldn't walk very well.
Orphaned: Mirela aged three, seen in a picture taken by Natalie while she was a volunteer at the orphanage, was a happy toddler with a bleak future
I couldn't abandon her again. This time I vowed I would find Mirela a home, somewhere she would be safe. In truth, I had absolutely no idea how I was going to do this, but shortly afterwards I was hosting a charity event when I met someone from Hope and Homes, an incredible organisation that is working to close all children's institutions worldwide.
I told them I wanted to build a house for Mirela. They set up a sub fund for her and helped me find a plot of land and get planning permission. They also gave me the credibility of working with experts who are leaders in their field.
Then there was the small matter of finding £200,000. So began more than two years of constant fundraising. I held an event at the House of Commons with the MP Caroline Nokes and another at the Mayfair nightclub Mahiki.
I climbed ten peaks in ten hours, launched a Twitter campaign and held online auctions. When I married my husband, Owain Walbyoff, a TV executive, in 2012, we sold the wedding pictures to Hello! and put the fee towards Mirela's fund.
At one time I found it hard to reconcile my job as Sky's Formula 1 pit lane reporter with Mirela. Seeing all the wealth was so far removed from what I was seeing in the children's projects I was by then beginning to visit.
Yet, in a way, it's been the home that F1 built.
Racing forward: Natalie took help from her friends in the F1 world to raise money
A female racing driver called Alice Powell organised a karting day and my fellow Sky Formula 1 presenters pitched up.
McLaren and Red Bull sent their pit crews down and Jenson Button gave me memorabilia for an auction. Everyone says that F1's an elitist sport but these people didn't owe me anything, they just wanted to help.
There were also bureaucratic hurdles to overcome. The authorities said they would facilitate my ‘adoption' of Mirela but on the condition that I took her siblings – which I'd always wanted to do – plus eight other children I didn't know. A couple of them were like feral animals and so institutionalised it scared me being in the same room with them.
It wasn't how I'd envisaged it. I have made a documentary for Channel 5, A Home For Mirela, and in all honesty some scenes are quite disturbing.
This isn't the nice happy ending of opening this cosy little home and having kids running around laughing. I admit I found it quite hard to take and there were a few reflective nights until I pulled myself together.
As Hope and Homes has taught me, these are exactly the sort of children we should be helping. The ones who aren't pretty to look at, the last ten per cent that nobody wants.
Last December, we moved in.
Mirela supposedly understands little of her surroundings, but the first moment we walked in her face changed.
She pulled off her coat and started running around touching things, smelling things.
I had wanted Mirela to be socialised around ‘normal' kids so she could mimic behaviour, raise her game and start communicating. But experts believe the environment she is in – with space, a garden, her own possessions – will help build a sense of identity she's never had.
She has her own room, her own wardrobe covered in stickers and toys and clothes donated by friends in England. At the end of the trip, when I said goodbye to Mirela, she reached out, hugged me and began stroking my face, something she has never done before.
I have no doubt she understands a lot more than we think.
It was an end and a beginning. The Romanian authorities have agreed to fund the home and I will continue to raise money to safeguard its future. This is where we start to try to reverse some of her symptoms and also gain a better understanding of the impact of institutionalisation.
If Mirela has taught me one thing it's that we have a moral duty to look after these children, to not presume that they can cope without love.
Mirela wasn't born this way. And while I'm happy we've been able to build this home and I'm so thankful for all the support, there is also a profound sense of sadness.
I genuinely feel that had I intervened sooner, Mirela wouldn't be in this situation. And nor would many more like her.
I passed on your website address to some friends in Dublin recently, and they were VERY impressed! Describing it as probably the most comprehensive website they'd seen, and coming from one of those individuals in particular, that was a real compliment!
“ I passed on your website address to some friends in Dublin recently, and they were VERY impressed! Describing it as probably the most comprehensive website they'd seen, and coming from one of those individuals in particular, that was a real compliment! ”
Best flight to Antarctica Write a Review ★★★★★ 5 5 1
“ Enjoyed New Year 2019 one day to King George Island, Antarctica. The flight was smooth. 5 hours tour was full of activities. We saw glacier, fall from glacier and of course penguins. Little souvenirs shop was cute. Russian Orthodox Church was beautiful. We visited Chile housing complex, school, bank and lab of Professor Julio. Over all it was once in a life trip for me. The tour guide George was very knowledgeable and perfect gentleman. If you and anyone wants to go for a day or two and do not have time for 10-15 days for cruise, this is the best tour. Short and precise. Thanks ”
Charles O'Bannon Jr., whose father and uncle starred at UCLA and led the Bruins to the 1995 national championship, has verbally committed to ... USC.
O'Bannon is No. 42 in 247Sports Class of 2017 composite rankings. The 6-foot-5 guard is a senior at Bishop Gorman High in Las Vegas. In addition to USC, he was also considering UNLV, North Carolina State and UCLA.
O'Bannon committing anywhere other than UCLA was always going to be interesting from a historical standpoint considering his uncle, Ed O'Bannon, averaged 20.4 points and 8.3 rebounds for the 1995 champions while his father, Charles O'Bannon Sr., added 13.6 points and 6.1 rebounds for that same Jim Harrick-coached team. That he's shunning UCLA in favor of its crosstown rival makes this especially notable.
Charles O'Bannon Sr. addressed his son's unique recruitment in July.
"I love UCLA, of course, but you want him to have to make the decision that's best for him," he told NevadaPreps.com. "I would never push UCLA more than I would push another school just because I went there. I want him to make his own decision and be able to accept it when he gets older, when his career is over. I don't want him to look back and think, 'My dad made me go there.'"
USC is 12-0 so far this season.
The Trojans are ranked No. 25 in the CBS Sports Top 25 (and one).
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The man who discovered Gianluigi Donnarumma says people shouldn't be surprised that the Italian has decided to turn his back on AC Milan - having done likewise at Inter.
Donnarumma, through agent Mino Raiola, informed Milan on Thursday that he would not be renewing his contract with the Rossoneri.
The 18-year-old has just one year left on his deal at San Siro, and will now either be sold this summer, or walk away on a free transfer in 2018.
But the scout who first came across Donnarumma in Naples, Giocondo Martorelli, says that the warning signs have always been there - most notably the way Milan poached the Italian international from their local rivals.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
“I might come off as unpleasant to some, but I was one of the very few people who saw this coming,” he told TMW Radio on Thursday evening.
“Knowing various situations, at Milan before and also after, it's not surprising that Donnarumma won't renew the contract. It's a problem that needs to be tracked down to the start to understand who is responsible for reaching this point, a year before the end of the contract.
“I know everything about Donnarumma – his family, relatives, every corner of his home. There are things that really surprise me, namely that big newspapers and television stations pretended not to know what was behind him and always has been. Donnarumma's history is complex and this is the final result of behaviour that hasn't been fair from the start.
(Image: Claudio Villa/Getty)
“I wouldn't say I discovered him, as I was just fortunate to be in the right place at the right time. He was 10 years old and even a blind man would've been able to tell Donnarumma was a talent.
“I saw this kid in Naples and immediately called Piero Ausilio at Inter. For three-and-a-half years, up until 2013, he was being groomed by Inter and had several trial runs there.
“It all went fine until the moment he was set to sign the written contract with the club. That afternoon, we all reached an agreement – him, his father and mother – after four intense years.
“The next morning, they agreed terms with Milan, without warning or fair play. There were some precedents that made me think Donnarumma could get into this situation with Milan.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“I am perplexed at his decision not to stay with a club like Milan, but then I have my ideas on the matter.
“I'll just repeat: his family in 2013 signed for Inter. They returned to Naples, the next morning took a plane and signed for Milan. The contract they had signed less than 24 hours earlier was worthless.
“What more do I have to say? I am stunned that some reporters continue to not know the situation or pretend not to listen.”
Milan had told prospective bidders earlier in the summer that not even €100million would tempt them to cash in.
Now they face losing a player Raiola has called “the Maradona of goalkeepers" for less than half that amount.
Yessssss, this was totally what I was craving tonight, just a solid horror movie that kept me guessing the whole way through. I mean, the movie is called fucking Orphan, I already know it's going to be about a fucked up orphan. Nevertheless, the initial sequences of bullying had me rooting for this heinous little bitch and by the end I just wanted to slaughter her.
Vera Farmiga is solidifying herself as my favorite MILF of horror movies and she's an incredible actress to boot. It's like every decent horror movie is branded by just having her in it. The producers are basically saying, “don't worry, Vera's about to softcore style suck some dick then kick some ass”.
It's a really fun movie that's well made, with enough small twists to keep things interesting. It was never going to be a 10 but could have easily been a 3 so let's chalk this up to a win.
7.5/10
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Russian Post deputy director announced the integration of the blockchain technology into its service of parcel tracking. Doing this, the company hopes to restore the trust of the clients.
Russian Post aims at integrating new technologies to stay in the market despite it has already lost its monopoly of data transfer from one point to another, claimed Rodion Shishkov, deputy director of Russian Post while speaking today on the conference at Internet Initiatives Development Fund (IIDF) – business-accelerator for promising Russian startups.
“We want to stay in the market, we want to develop our company and to create new products. If Russian Post did not experiment with new things emerging right now and did not integrate new technologies into its products, it will leave the market.”
One of the first traditional services that will undergo modernization is parcel delivery that is still used as “a means of transportation for goods bought remotely”. And this is where blockchain will help.
According to Shishkov, blockchain's integration into the service will provide more transparency in Post's activity and will help to regain their clients' trust. Despite all innovations that have already made the country's postal service more efficient and more reliable, the Russian Post's reputation of a very slow and irreliable institution is not playing into its hands.
The aim of the company was to create a service that would be useful for a new type of consumer – Internet seller and Internet buyer. The platform to improve businesses with sellers was launches “one of the recent days”, told Shishkov.
Russian Post is not the first postal service in the world that shows its interest towards the blockchain technology. As CoinFox reported earlier, the US federal postal agency wants to integrate blockchain to create its own cryptocurrency platform Postcoin. In October 2015 Monetas payment platform signed an agreement with the State Post of Tunisia concerning the development of an electronic payment system in the country.
Anna Lavinskaya
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa May: "I will do everything in my power to ensure the families and public get the truth"
Ministers should release all government documents relating to the Hillsborough disaster, MPs have agreed following a debate in the House of Commons.
MP Steve Rotheram, opening the debate, said there had been a campaign to blame Liverpool fans. He called on the prime minister to issue a formal apology.
Home Secretary Theresa May told MPs the government supported the release of all papers, via an independent panel.
Ninety-six Liverpool fans died in the disaster in April 1989.
The debate was sparked by 140,000 people signing an e-petition.
Mr Rotheram, whose Walton constituency includes Anfield, said David Cameron had apologised to the victims of Bloody Sunday and called on him to do the same for those affected by Hillsborough.
'Look for scapegoats'
"I call on the prime minister to make a statement in this house and apologise for the mistakes that were made and the mishandling of this whole tragedy on behalf of a previous government," he said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Labour MP Steve Rotheram was moved to tears as he read the names of those who died
The Labour MP attacked the "smears" and "establishment cover-up" which led to fans initially being blamed for the disaster.
"Instead of those at fault taking responsibility for their actions, a co-ordinated campaign began to shift the blame and look for scapegoats," he said.
"It is claimed that truth is the first casualty of war, but the same can be said of Hillsborough.
"Misdirection, obfuscation and damned lies were all used as smokescreens to deflect attention away from the guilty."
Mr Rotheram attacked claims that Liverpool fans had turned up late, without tickets and were drinking heavily.
'Lost control'
A "senior police officer and a Conservative MP" leaked stories to the press about the disaster, he said.
He criticised the Sun newspaper over its "The Truth" headline and its story about drunken and criminal behaviour by Liverpool fans.
The cause of the tragedy was clear from Lord Justice Taylor's report, he said, "which concluded that the police fundamentally lost control of the situation and did not demonstrate the leadership expected of senior officers".
Image caption The victims of the 1989 disaster in Sheffield were crushed in over-crowded pens
Mr Rotheram said the "misinformation" began almost as soon as the match, a FA Cup semi-final tie between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest, was abandoned.
The match commander told the FA that Liverpool fans had rushed a gate, creating the crush. "This disgraceful lie set the tone for all that came later," he said.
Mr Rotheram read out the names of the 96 who had died, as campaigners looked on from the public gallery.
Home Secretary Theresa May apologised for any anxiety caused by the decision to oppose Freedom of Information request from the BBC but it was right that the families should receive the information first as they needed to be treated with "dignity and respect".
Mrs May said: "I will do everything in my power to ensure the families and the public get the truth.
"No government papers will be withheld from the panel, no attempts to suppress publication will be made, no stone left unturned."
'Act of brutality'
The independent Hillsborough panel already has some cabinet papers, she said.
But she said there may be some "minor redactions", including the names of some junior civil servants and the details of the victims' medical files, which would be a matter for the panel.
Analysis What was the point of the debate? A lot is explained by the scepticism of the families who have felt let down and betrayed by the system on several occasions. Indeed the Labour MP Andy Burnham, who has done much to support the families, described Hillsborough as "one of the biggest injustices of the 20th Century". Campaigners lost confidence in the system many years ago. They wanted a clear commitment that all the documents would be handed to the independent panel and there would be no attempt to block publication. The Home Secretary, Theresa May, went as far as she could in trying to reassure the families. They will get unrestricted access to all the documents, even though the panel may redact some of them before wider publication. MPs and ministers appear to have understood the depth of feeling over the Hillsborough tragedy and sent out a clear signal that it can only be resolved with full disclosure.
Mr Burnham, speaking for the opposition, said the disaster and the events following it, were "one of the biggest injustices of the 20th Century".
He said moves to blame the victims for the tragedy were "unprecedented". He added: "It was an unbelievable act of brutality against the 96 fans."
Mr Burnham also read from police papers which quoted an officer who watched as fans used advertising hoardings to ferry the injured.
A senior officer had written that the pages should be amended because "these are his own ­feelings" and said the comments showed "they were organised and we were not".
Mr Burnham said he had "private disappointments" that more had not been done to reveal the truth under the previous Labour government.
He said the House of Commons coming together behind the families of the 96 who had died was a "huge moment".
Other MPs were then called to speak in the debate.
Labour MP for Garston and Halewood Maria Eagle called for News International to disclose who had briefed The Sun on its story.
Sheffield South East MP Clive Betts, leader of Sheffield City Council at the time, was at the game. The Labour MP said he remembered returning the following day and crying.
"What else could you do? This was in our city, in my football ground, 96 people had died before our eyes. What else could you do?"
On the heels of a disappointing 2015 season, the New York Giants are faced with the daunting prospect of rebuilding a football team.
By Skylar Darel
Click to accept cookies and enable this content
On the heels of a disappointing 2015 season, the New York Giants are faced with the daunting prospect of rebuilding a football team that has gone 12-20 over the past two seasons.
The good news?
The Giants and general manager Jerry Reese are equipped with $40-50 million in cap space, giving Big Blue some flexibility with personnel upgrades.
Here are five free agents the Giants should consider.
Eric Weddle, Safety: Landon Collins showed tremendous promise at strong safety, recording over 100 tackles and earning a place on the Pro Football Writers Association's Rookie Team of the Season.
However the free safety position was a mess and was held down by underachieving young players and older players who should have been retired.
Enter Eric Weddle who according to ESPN, is the only safety in the NFL to be named a first or second team All-Pro in five straight seasons from 2010-2014.
With the uncertainty in San Diego and the front offices refusal to renew his contract, Weddle went on record with ESPN reporter Eric Williams and had this to say about San Diego's front office:
“Probably will never speak to them again…”
Weddle's only downside is his age– he's on the wrong side of 30– but his production speaks for itself. He would be a fabulous addition to the Giants secondary, even if only for two to three seasons.
9 seasons. 3 Pro Bowls. 0 chance Eric Weddle stays w/ #Chargers, he says. Full story: https://t.co/WSEI2dVC19 pic.twitter.com/UlnCeXiyqr — Pro Football Rumors (@pfrumors) January 7, 2016
Alshon Jeffrey, Wide Receiver: Rueben Randle will likely leave the team in free agency and with Victor Cruz‘ status up in the air, the Giants are in the market for a wide receiver.
They could opt to upgrade the position through the draft but Alshon Jeffrey represents a fabulous compliment for Odell Beckham. In the Giants West Coast passing offense, Beckham thrives in the flat using his expert route-running ability and breakaway speed to get huge chunks of yardage.
Jeffrey is a fabulous deep ball receiver– he was fourth in the NFL in receiving yards per game this season– and could act as the yin to Odell's yang next season. Throw Dwyane Harris in the slot and you have a very strong first three options at wide receiver.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgcUz2U_RDA
Cordy Glenn, Offensive Tackle: This one isn't entirely necessary but still would act as a massive upgrade.
Ereck Flowers was solid at left tackle but he might be better served moving to the right to develop instead of being thrown into the fire like he was this season.
Cordy Glenn is a legitimate franchise left tackle, and at age 26, could be the missing piece on a solid Giant offensive line. By the time his deal runs out, Flowers would be around 25 and would be able to take the reigns at left tackle stronger than ever.
6. Cordy Glenn. He's still getting better, only 26, and he's been a top 5 LT this year. https://t.co/w9kyjwT1EF — Joe Buscaglia (@JoeBuscaglia) January 4, 2016
Danny Trevathan, Linebacker: Linebacker has been an achilles heel for the Giants ever since Antonio Pierce retired.
Trevathan is a three-down linebacker who is solid in pass coverage and has playoff experience in Denver. The market for linebackers could suggest that he'll be overpaid, but he fills a need while being a proven NFL commodity.
Out of all the potential free agents this move seems the most likely, especially since Denver will be throwing the big bucks towards pass rushing superstar Von Miller.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsG-A8LdnwE
Olivier Vernon, Defensive End: This one makes a ton of sense.
Vernon is, outside of Miller, the best pass rusher on the open market and could fill the void left by Jason Pierre-Paul.
He was brilliant opposite Cameron Wake for Miami and could fit in well with New York. Vernon, Robert Ayers, Jonathan Hankins, and maybe a blue-chip first round draft pick have the makings of a beefy defensive line that could bring back the most fundamental aspect of a Giants defense– the pass rush.
.@OlivierVernon50 was named a All-Pro edge rusher by PFF. https://t.co/eBydsuc6i2 — Miami Dolphins (@MiamiDolphins) January 7, 2016
The original URL of this article is:
www.africaspeaks.com/somalia/251108.html
Toxic scandal in Somalia gave birth to new piracy November 25, 2008
socialistworker.co.uk
The escapades of Somali pirates made headlines last week. But the media has ignored the injustice behind the phenomenon, writes Simon Assaf
When the Asian tsunami of Christmas 2005 washed ashore on the east coast of Africa, it uncovered a great scandal.
Tonnes of radioactive waste and toxic chemicals drifted onto the beaches after the giant wave dislodged them from the sea bed off Somalia.
Tens of thousands of Somalis fell ill after coming into contact with this cocktail. They complained to the United Nations (UN), which began an investigation.
"There are reports from villagers of a wide range of medical problems such as mouth bleeds, abdominal haemorrhages, unusual skin disorders and breathing difficulties," the UN noted.
Some 300 people are believed to have died from the poisonous chemicals.
Many European, US and Asian shipping firms – notably Switzerland's Achair Partners and Italy's Progresso – signed dumping deals in the early 1990s with Somalia's politicians and militia leaders.
This meant they could use the coast as a toxic dumping ground. This practice became widespread as the country descended into civil war.
Nick Nuttall of the UN Environment Programme said, "European companies found it was very cheap to get rid of the waste.
"It cost as little as £1.70 a tonne, whereas waste disposal costs in Europe was something like £670 a tonne.
"And the waste is of many different kinds. There is uranium radioactive waste. There is lead, and heavy metals such as cadmium and mercury. There is also industrial waste, hospital wastes, chemical wastes – you name it."
But despite the evidence uncovered by the tsunami, an investigation into the practice of toxic dumping was dropped. There was no compensation and no clean up.
In 2006 Somali fishermen complained to the UN that foreign fishing fleets were using the breakdown of the state to plunder their fish stocks. These foreign fleets often recruited Somali militias to intimidate local fishermen.
Despite repeated requests, the UN refused to act. Meanwhile the warships of global powers that patrol the strategically important Gulf of Aden did not sink or seize any vessels dumping toxic chemicals off the coast.
So angry Somalis, whose waters were being poisoned and whose livelihoods were threatened, took matters into their own hands. Fishermen began to arm themselves and attempted to act as unofficial coastguards.
They began to seize ships in late 2005. These were released after a ransom was paid. Among them were cargo vessels, luxury cruise liners and tuna fishing boats.
Januna Ali Jama, a Somali pirate leader, explained that their actions were motivated by attempts to stop the toxic dumping.
He said that the £5.4 million ransom they demanded for the return of a Ukrainian ship would go towards cleaning up the mess.
Ali Jama said the pirates were "reacting to the toxic waste that has been continually dumped on the shores of our country for nearly 20 years.
"The Somali coastline has been destroyed. We believe this money is nothing compared to the devastation that we have seen on the seas."
But the nature of this piracy soon began to change. Members of the Somali government, who were part of the then Western-backed Transitional Federal Government (TFG), started to get involved.
They transformed the piracy operation into a multi-million dollar industry that funded their lavish lifestyles.
The TFG was ousted during a popular rebellion in July 2006 led by the Union of Islamic Courts. Later that year the US backed Ethiopia's invasion of Somalia to drive the Islamic Courts out.
This provoked an insurgency labelled by some as the "third front" of the "war on terror".
The US became embarrassed when it emerged that its allies in the TFG were deeply involved in piracy. As concerns grew for the safety of ships heading towards the Suez Canal, global powers began to take notice.
Indian and US warships began to sink Somali fishing boats if they sailed too close to cargo vessels or trawlers. These warships transformed Somalia's coastal waters into a "free fire zone". When a giant Saudi oil tanker was seized, these powers declared all-out war on the pirates.
British foreign minister David Miliband recently boasted that Britain would be taking the lead in cracking down on the pirates.
The Royal Navy will take command of a European fleet of warships as part of "Operation Atalanta", he said.
The target will be the Somalis – not the vessels dumping waste or the illegal foreign fishing fleets.
As global powers dispatch their warships to the Somali coast, the problems that caused this outbreak of piracy remain unresolved.
European, US and Asian ships will continue to dump hazardous waste and plunder coastal fishing stocks – leading to continuing misery for Somalis.
Copyright Socialist Worker (unless otherwise stated). You may republish if you include an active link to the original and leave this notice in place.
Somalia's Crisis | Message Boards | Articles | Black Africans | Homepage
Back to top
Jim Burroway
TODAY'S AGENDA:
Boy Scouts To Vote On Gay Ban: Grapevine, TX. Boy Scout leaders from across the nation are gathering at a resort in the Dallas suburb of Grapevine this week, where today they have schedule a vote on a proposal to lift the ban on gay scout members. According to the proposal, the ban on gay scout leaders would remain in place, which means that gay scouts, as soon as they turn eighteen, will suddenly become pariahs in their own troops rather than respected young adult leaders. It also means that kids with gay parents will also continue to see their families denied full inclusion in their activities. And yet, prospects for even that deeply flawed, ill-considered non-compromise are uncertain. BSA is expected to announce the result of the vote later this afternoon.
Pride Celebrations This Weekend: Alkmaar, Netherlands; Birmingham, UK; Cambridge/Kitchener/Waterloo, ON; Chicago, IL (Bear Pride); Eilat, Israel; Eskilstuna, Sweden; Melbourne, FL; Pensacola, FL; Puerto Vallarta, Mexico; Tralee, Ireland; Washington, DC (Black Pride).
Harvey Milk Day Events: Various locations and dates.
Other Events This Weekend: International Mr. Leather, Chicago, IL; Matinee Las Vegas, Las Vegas, NV; As One In The Park, London, UK; Saints and Sinners Literary Festival, New Orleans, LA; Great Plains Rodeo, Oklahoma City, OK; Inside Out Toronto Film Festival, Toronto, ON.
TODAY'S AGENDA (Theirs):
Courage Sports Camp: Philadelphia, PA. I admit it: I throw like a girl. Like my four-year-old niece, to be precise. I remember that when I was growing up, sometimes my dad would drag me outside to play catch. After a few hours of his patient tutelage, I'd get pretty good at it, but I just wasn't interested enough in sports to keep it up. I saw no point in tossing a ball back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, for hours. Or hitting a ball with a bat. Or throwing it through a hoop. Or throwing a misshapen ball anywhere. Or catching it and getting tackled. Who needs that?
Well apparently some Catholic boys who really, really wish they weren't gay do. Courage, the Roman Catholic ex-gay ministry, is sponsoring its annual Sports Camp, “an exhilarating, experiential weekend for men desiring to learn how to play team sports with encouragement, coaching, and an abundance of Christian fellowship.” Their web site has testimonials about how healing that exhilarating weekend can be. I guess if your notions of manhood were wrapped up in how well you can snap a towel, then I guess it can be a valuable weekend for some people. Of course, Courage encourages men to value manhood — and not gay male manhood, young man! — in just that way. And they have a whole summer camp taking place this weekend, where struggling young men who are gay but really, really don't want to be gay will enjoy hot, sweaty camaraderie in the bright summer sun, followed by showers afterward. Oh, and also “a daily regimen of prayer, confessions, mass, and the Liturgy of the Hours.” Go team!
TODAY IN HISTORY:
Harvard's Secret Court: 1920. On May 13, 1920, Cyril Wilcox, a Harvard sophomore, committed suicide. He had been struggling with his grades and with his health, and returned home to recover. While at home, he told his older brother, George, that he had been having an affair with another man. George apparently reacted very badly to the news, with Cyril's suicide following shortly after. Soon after Cyril's death, George intercepted two letters. One was a gossipy letter from a gay classmate, and another was from a recent graduate. Armed with those letters, George demanded that Harvard's acting Dean, Chester N Greenough rid the college “of this pernicious scourge.” Greenough consulted with Harvard President Abbot Lowell and formed a special five-man tribunal on this date in history which became knownas the “Secret Court.”
The court launched a wide-ranging witch hunt, with Greenough summoning each witness one-by-one with a brief note. The Court's inquiry was exhaustive, posing questions about masturbation practices, sex with women or men, cross-dressing, overnight guests, parties, and reading habits. The scope of the inquiry soon expanded to area businesses, cafés and bars. Eight students were expelled, ordered to leave Cambridge and reported to their families. They were also told that Harvard would disclose the reasons for their expulsion if employers or other schools sought references. At least one student committed suicide following his expulsion. Four others unconnected to Harvard were also deemed guilty. The school couldn't punish them directly, but they did pressure one café to fire a waiter.
In 2002, a researcher from Harvard's daily newspaper, The Crimson, came across a box of files labeled “Secret Court” in the University's archives. After pressure from newspaper staff, the University finally released five hundred documents related to the Court's work, and The Crimson published its findings in November of that year. Harvard's president Lawrence H. Summers responded to the revelations, expressing deep regret for the anguish the students and families experienced. He called the reports “extremely disturbing” and the court's actions “abhorrent.” Conservative commentator Pat Buchanan responded to Summers's statement by saying that “Harvard embraces bathhouse values”:
Harvard's code is now based on Summers' values, which hold that the old moral code of Christianity, which teaches that sexual relations between men are unnatural and immoral, is “abhorrent and an affront to the values of our university.” Harvard has not only turned its back on its Christian past, it has just renounced its Christian roots as poisoned and perverted. If Harvard is educating America's leaders, this country is not Slouching Toward Gomorrah, we are sprinting there.
[More information can be found in William Wright's Harvard's Secret Court: The Savage 1920 Purge of Campus Homosexuals ]
State Department Announces Tougher Scrutiny for Job Applicants: 1950. By May of 1950, the State Department had withstood blistering attacks from members of Congress over allegations of homosexual employees allegedly posing as security risks (See Feb 28, Mar 14, Mar 23, Apr 18, Apr 26, May 2, and May 19). On May 22, the State Department announced steps in the hiring process to try to address those criticisms. The State Department's top security officer, R.W. Scott McLeud said that he ordered his aides to be “completely ruthless” on passing on new job applicants who had a hint of security issues. According to news reports, McLeod said that someone who made a single mistake in the past might be able to “cancel it out” with good performance since then, with one exception. He said that a single homosexual act, no matter how long past, would make the employee subject to blackmail and would never be hired.
If you know of something that belongs on the agenda, please send it here. Don't forget to include the basics: who, what, when, where, and URL (if available).
And feel free to consider this your open thread for the day. What's happening in your world?
How many narcissists does it take to change a light bulb?
(a) Just one -- but he has to wait for the whole world to revolve around him.
(b) None at all -- he hires menials for work that's beneath him.
[For general discussion of cognition, affectivity, interpersonal functioning, and impulse control in personality disorders and NPD. It's also interesting to compare these traits below with characteristics of normal six-year-olds.]
contradict themselves
cruelty
lack a mature conscience
envious and competitive
contemptuous
extremely sensitive to personal criticism
extremely critical of other people
And they criticize, gripe, and complain about almost everything and almost everyone almost all the time.
passive
naive
grandiose
religious
little sense of humor
weird sense of time
totally and inflexibly authoritarian
strange work habits
feel entitled
stingy, mean, frugal, niggardly to the point of eccentricity
unusual eating habits
very disappointing as gift-givers
It's very hard to have a simple, uncomplicated good time with a narcissist
flirtatious, and seductive
Appearances are all there is with narcissists
secretive or perhaps unusually reserved or very jealous of their privacy
they don't recognize their own feelings as their own
negative, pessimistic, cynical, or gloomy
impulsive
hate to live alone
This summer there were changes abound and a lot of the player movement will have a huge impact on the fantasy hockey landscape for the 2017-18 season. In this two-part series we will take a look at 15 players who will be suiting up in new uniforms this fall and what to expect from them with their new teams. Let's take a look a No.1-to-7.
1. Artemi Panarin – LW – Blue Jackets
2016-17 Stats: GP-82 | G-31 | A-43 | P-74
2017-18 Projections: GP-82 | G-31 | A-45 | P-76
Following two very successful seasons in Chicago, Panarin and his $6.0M AAV contract were dealt to the Blue Jackets this summer. The trade was a bit of a head scratcher as Brandon Saad carries the same cap-hit for more years, but the trade certainly won't hurt Panarin's fantasy stock. The 25-year-old has scored at least 30 goals with 40-plus assists in each of his first two NHL seasons—he is tied for seventh in the league in points (151), tied for 14th in goals (61) and 15th in assists (90) over that span.
The Russian winger has electrifying talent and a terrific shot, which should look excellent on Alexander Wennberg's wing in 2017-18. Moving off of Patrick Kane's line isn't ideal, but Wennberg is a very talented playmaker with great vision, making these two a great match. While a 15.3% shooting percentage can sometimes be a cause for concern, Panarin's elite shot should allow him to carry an above-average shooting percentage into 2017-18. He carries an impressive 54.1 CorsiFor% in 162 career games, so don't expect those point totals to drop-off in his first year with Columbus.
2. Kevin Shattenkirk – D – Rangers
2016-17 Stats: GP-80 | G-13 | A-43 | P-56
2017-18 Projections: GP-73 | G-12 | A-38 | P-50
In three years prior to 2016-17, Shattenkirk posted 45, 44 and 44 points but had a career-high 56 points (13G / 43A) with the Blues and Capitals last year. After just 19 regular seasons and 13 playoff games with the Capitals, Shattenkirk signed with the New York Rangers this summer.
Shattenkirk was long linked to the Rangers because he is a Greenwich, Connecticut native—one hour from New York City. Over the lat four years, Shattenkirk was tied for 10th among defensemen in goals (45), 11th in assists (144) and points (189).
Shattenkirk, who ranks second in the NHL in power-play points in that same span, will help a Rangers' PP that was already tied for 10th (20.2%) last year. The move to New York should not change Shattenkirk's production, but it will likely have a big effect on Ryan McDonagh's usage and production.
3. Jonathan Drouin – RW – Canadiens
2016-17 Stats: GP-73 | G-21 | A-32 | P-53
2017-18 Projections: GP-70 | G-22 | A-43 | P-65
Trade rumours swirled around Drouin following a dramatic 2015-16 season, but the trade didn't materialize until this summer when he was dealt to Montreal. There's no denying Drouin's talent (see goal below), he had a great postseason upon his return to the Lightning in 2015-16 and had 21 goals and 32 assists (53 points) in 73 games last year.
The Canadiens added the French-Canadian because they were in need of some game-breaking talent in their top-6, but they also gave up on top prospect Mikhail Sergachev in order to make it happen. Drouin has outstanding vision and playmaking ability, making him a 20-goal, 40-assist threat in his first season with his hometown team.
4. Brandon Saad – LW – Blackhawks
2016-17 Stats: GP-82 | G-24 | A-29 | P-53
2017-18 Projections: GP-82 | G-29 | A-30 | P-59
Saad was originally a casualty of the salary cap strain in Chicago when he was traded to the Blue Jackets prior to the 2015-16 season. During two years in Columbus, Saad was tied for 23rd in the NHL in goals (55) and tied for 62nd in points (106).
Saad is a thick kid with great two-way ability and a return to Chicago likely means he will be reunited with Jonathan Toews—the duo had a 56.1 CF% and 61.7 GF% when they played together in 2014-15. Saad posted strong numbers in Columbus despite recorded just seven PPG and 11 PPP in 160 games. If he can carve out a larger role on the Blackhawks' PP he has obvious 30-30 upside.
5. Alexander Radulov – RW – Stars
2016-17 Stats: GP-76 | G-18 | A-36 | P-54
2017-18 Projections: GP-76 | G-21 | A-42 | P-63
Radulov made his much anticipated return to the NHL in 2016-17, but it was unspectacular for the most part. (aside from some slick goals like this)
It seemed like all of North America was skeptical about Radulov's return, which is why he was only signed to a one-year deal. However, he escaped the season without any crazy antics and earned himself a five-year pact in Dallas this summer.
Radulov joins what should be one of the most high-flying offences in the NHL and could play on a line with Jamie Benn and Tyler Seguin—a trio that is bound to dominate and could be one of the most potent lines in the league.
The Stars are unlikely to struggle like they did in 2015-16, so look for Radulov to build off of last year and top 20-goals and 40-assists.
6. Scott Darling – G – Hurricanes
2016-17 Stats: GP-27 | W-18 | GAA-2.38 | SV%-.924 | SO-2
2017-18 Projections: GP-52 | W-32 | GAA-2.41 | SV%-.921 | SO-3
Darling is one of the best success stories in hockey over the last decade. Upon the completion of his time at the University of Maine, where he posted just an .895 SV%, Darling spent 65 games in the Southern Professional Hockey League (SPHL), 39 games in the ECHL and 53 games in the AHL before finally making it to the NHL, where he posted a .936 SV% in 14 games during his rookie season (2014-15).
Since then all he has done is post the fourth best SV% (.922) in the NHL—among goalies who have played at least 75 games. This summer he was able to emerge from Corey Crawford's shadow as he was traded to the Hurricanes, where he is expected to serve as their starter, ahead of veteran Cam Ward.
The 28-year-old should have equal success in Carolina as the Hurricanes are one of the best young, up-and-coming teams in the league. Last season they had the third best CF% (52.2) and ranked sixth on the penalty kill (84.2%). With a great blueline in front of him, Darling is a No.2 fantasy netminder on draft day but carries low-end No.1 upside.
7. Jordan Eberle – RW – Islanders
2016-17 Stats: GP-82 | G-20 | A-31 | P-51
2017-18 Projections: GP-78 | G-25 | A-33 | P-58
After seven seasons and 507 regular season games in Edmonton, Eberle's run with the Oilers came to an end this summer when he was dealt to the Islanders for Ryan Strome. On the whole, Eberle's numbers were relatively disappointing, but he was a consistent 20-plus goal scorer and had some really nice seasons during his tenure in Edmonton.
Now in Brooklyn, Eberle should find himself on John Tavares' wing and unlike Andrew Ladd last year, he should have a lot of success. The 27-year-old absolutely disappeared in the playoffs last year, which was likely the last straw in Oil Country, but he is a natural goal scorer who should have no problem getting to 25 goals with 30 assists in his first campaign with a solid Islanders squad.
*All Advanced Stats via www.hockey-reference.com*
Pin 286 Shares
(ANTIMEDIA) — Oregon's state legislature just reduced penalties for drug possession in a bill also intended to reduce racial profiling by law enforcement agencies.
H.B. 2355 passed both the House and Senate last week and reduces possession of illegal drugs to misdemeanors rather than felonies as long as the person in possession does not have prior drug convictions. According to a press release issued on July 7 by Oregon Attorney General Ellen Rosenblum, the bill provides for “the reduction of penalties for lower level drug offenders. The bill also reduces the maximum penalty for Class A misdemeanors by one day to avoid mandatory deportation for misdemeanants.”
According to the text of the bill, drugs like LSD, MDMA, cocaine, meth, oxycodone, and heroin are essentially decriminalized in small amounts. Each drug listed is accompanied by the following text, indicating possession is only a felony if:
“(a) The person possesses a usable quantity of the controlled substance and: (A) At the time of the possession, the person has a prior felony conviction; (B) At the time of the possession, the person has two or more prior convictions for unlawful possession of a usable quantity of a controlled substance.”
The “misdemeanor” title applies for varying amounts of different drugs. For example, the maximum allowable amount of acid is up to “40 units,” while individuals may have up to five MDMA pills or less than one gram before their “offense” crosses the line into a felony. Less than two grams of cocaine constitutes a misdemeanor.
As Rep. Mitch Greenlick, a Democrat representing Portland, told Portland-based health outlet the Lund Report:
“We've got to treat people, not put them in prison. It would be like putting them in the state penitentiary for having diabetes… This is a chronic brain disorder and it needs to be treated this way.”
“When you put people in prison and given them a felony conviction, you make it very hard for them to succeed,” he added.
The bill also reduces probation periods for both felony and misdemeanor drug charges. According to the updated text of Section 19 of ORS 137.633:
“(1) A person convicted of a felony or a designated drug-related misdemeanor and sentenced to probation or to the legal and physical custody of the supervisory authority under ORS 137.124 (2) is eligible for a reduction in the period of probation or local control post-prison supervision for complying with terms of probation or post-prison supervision, including the payment of restitution and participation in recidivism reduction programs”
The same bill also imposes guidelines and requirements to reduce government profiling based on an “individual's real or perceived age, race, ethnicity, color, national origin, language, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, political affiliation, religion, homelessness or disability, unless the agency or officer is acting on a suspect description or information related to an identified or suspected violation of a provision of law.”
The rules will apply to agencies such as state police, the Department of Justice, the Department of State, the District Attorney's office, and even universities and tribal governments. Police will be required to have mechanisms in place for individuals to file complaints of racial profiling, and the Department of Public Safety Standards and Training will be required to develop an educational program to reduce the practice.
According to a press release from Rosenblum's office, the bill will “provide new levels of transparency in policing in Oregon. The law would result in the creation of a statewide system for the collection by law enforcement of pedestrian and traffic stop data. It would improve accountability by requiring this data to be analyzed and made available by the Oregon Criminal Justice Commission.”
The same press release, which was issued after H.B. 2355 passed the House and before it passed the Senate, appears to clarify why the drug penalty reductions and crackdowns on profiling are included in the same legislation:
“[The bill] would also reduce drug possession from a felony to a misdemeanor for those individuals in possession of small amounts of drugs who do not have substantial criminal histories. Oregon-based data provided to the task force demonstrated disparities that result in more minorities convicted and sentenced to drug-related felonies solely because of their racial or ethnic status. The bill will also protect lawful immigrants from facing mandatory deportation for low-level, non-violent offenses.”
Rosenblum praised the bill's passage:
“This legislation, intended to implement the 2015 law prohibiting police profiling, is the culmination of a nearly two year process,” she said. “Our Task Force traveled throughout the state listening to Oregonians sharing their experiences with profiling. The stories we heard were profoundly important and deeply impactful. Our law enforcement partners deserve special recognition for their willingness to come to the table on this crucial issue. I am particularly proud of the consensus of our broad-based group on all the critical issues that resulted in our bill.“
Creative Commons / Anti-Media / Report a typo
Pin 286 Shares
U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton pauses while speaking at a campaign rally in Des Moines, Iowa, U.S. October 28, 2016. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Wildly conflicting reports have emerged over the last 24 hours about what new information the FBI may have found, after the agency announced that it was revisiting the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server upon finding new emails amid an investigation into former Rep. Anthony Weiner.
There's no clear consensus as of yet whether the emails were sent by Clinton herself, to Clinton, whether they were from her private server, or even whether any of the emails were new.
Here's a breakdown of what has been reported thus far:
Los Angeles Times: "The emails were not to or from Clinton, and contained information that appeared to be more of what agents had already uncovered, the official said, but in an abundance of caution, they felt they needed to further scrutinize them."
The Washington Post: "The correspondence included emails between Abedin and Clinton, according to a law enforcement official."
CNN: "The emails in question were sent or received by Abedin, according to a law enforcement official."
The New York Times: "Senior law enforcement officials said that it was unclear if any of the emails were from Mrs. Clinton's private server."
ABC News: "These emails were not sent by Hillary Clinton, and the FBI has no evidence of wrongdoing by her, according to a source familiar with the investigation."
The Wall Street Journal: "Many of the emails were discovered on a laptop used by both Ms. Abedin and Mr. Weiner, according to people familiar with the matter. In searching the laptop, investigators found thousands of emails, and they determined earlier this week that some of the emails involved Ms. Abedin discussing work issues."
Dowry in Thailand
So you have finally found your true love in the Land of Smiles – but you've got one major question before taking the big plunge. “How much dowry do I need to pay for my bride?”
This is the question that always pops up along with the other requirements for Marriage in Thailand. The Thai dowry system, which is more commonly known as Sin Sod, is deeply rooted in Thai culture. It is a way of honoring your bride's parents for raising their daughter well. This is also a way of showing that you are financially capable of taking care of your Thai bride throughout your married life, because her parents tend to consider financial security as basis for the marriage.
You will need to negotiate with your bride's parents regarding the amounts of the Sin Sod and Tong Mun. Tong Mun, which means gold engagement, is 24-karat gold that you give to your wife-to-be. The rule of thumb is, the higher the amount of the gold, the better. This is similar to the giving an engagement ring in the West.
Then there's the Sin Sod, or the actual dowry, which can include anything of value, but usually it is about the money. Most Westerners get confused with the amount of dowry that they have to pay to their Thai bride's parents, as dowry prices are set at unbelievably high amounts ranging from 100,000- 1,000,000 baht.
One important thing that you should keep in mind when discussing Thai dowry is that its amount is based on your Thai fiancee's status, education, occupation and other related social background information (such as her virginity). An average middle-class, university-educated Thai lady deserves a dowry of 100,000- 300,000 baht. A dowry of a million baht for an uneducated lady of modest means is just ridiculous. Thai dowry prices fall drastically if your bride-to-be has been previously married, already has children, or is not a virgin anymore. In fact in most of these instances, no dowry deserves to be paid.
Thai dowry, however, is usually symbolic in nature and will normally be returned to the married couple after the wedding, so as to help them start on their new life. When registering your Marriage in Thailand, there is really no need to show proof that you have paid dowry, as it is presented during the actual wedding ceremony itself.
Marriage in Thailand can be the best experience you will ever have, but it would be best to inform yourself as much as possible about all its traditions and requirements. It would be best to engage the services of a reputable Thai law firm who can assist you with Marriage Registration in Thailand and even drafting a Prenuptial Agreement to secure your assets prior to your union with your Thai fiancee.
• Striker says Chelsea must qualify for Champions League • 'It is the hardest season I've known since I've been here'
Didier Drogba admits it would be a "disaster" if Chelsea fail to qualify for the Champions League.
The Blues face the prospect on missing out on Europe's top competition for the first time since Drogba joined the club in 2004.
They are fifth in the Premier League, just outside the qualification places, following a difficult first campaign so far for André Villas-Boas.
"If we don't make the top four it would be a disaster," Drogba, who is due to return to club action after Africa Cup of Nations duty this weekend, told the Sun. "Every time we've started a season since I've been with Chelsea we never even finished as low as fourth. It is the hardest season I've known since I've been here."
2016 looks very bright for the PS Vita as many new games will arrive on our beloved handheld. We have listed the top 20 PS Vita games we are most looking forward to in 2016.
If you want to know which games are coming in 2016, check out our upcoming PS Vita 2016 games list.
North America: January 26, 2016 (PSN), Europe: January 26, 2016 (PSN)
Genre: Strategy Game, Publisher: 2K Games
Civilization Revolution 2 Plus is based on the mobile version of Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution 2 which was released in 2014 and will be fully optimized for the PS Vita with a number of new introduced scenarios, units and world leaders from Japan's history.
North America: 2016 TBA, Europe: 2016 TBA
Genre: Action Game, Publisher: Bandai Namco
One Piece: Burning Blood is a dynamic and colorful new fighting game featuring the world's most famous pirate: Monkey D. Luffy. Engage in massive brawls with Sabo, Ace, Bartolomeo, Ener, Crocodile and Bartolomeo including the newly announced Smoker and other new characters who will join the roster.
North America: March 29, 2016 (Retail, PSN), Europe: 2016 TBA (Retail, PSN)
Genre: RPG, Publisher: Idea Factory International
Trillion: God of Destruction is a strategy RPG which was released in Japan as Makai Shin Trillion and tells the story of Zeabolos who gained the power of the Soul Grimoire and decided to fight against the demon god Trillion.
North America: March 29, 2016 (Retail, PSN), Europe: 2016 TBA (PSN)
Genre: Strategy Game, Publisher: Aksys Games
Aegis of Earth: Protonovus Assault is a frenetic and explosive new spin on action strategy gaming. Dig in, plan out and build up your defenses as hordes of hulking monstrosities bombard your heavily fortified city in an attempt to wipe you off the Earth for good.
North America: 2016 TBA (Retail, PSN), Europe: 2016 TBA (Retail, PSN)
Genre: Action Game, Publisher: Idea Factory International
MegaTagmension Blanc + Neptune VS Zombies is the first multiplayer game in the Neptunia series set in Gamicademi, Gamindustri's academy for CPUs and CPU candidates, Blanc and friends must film a movie to save their school, fend off zombies, and look cute at the same time!
North America: January 26, 2016 (Retail, PSN), Europe: January 29, 2016 (Retail, PSN)
Genre: Action-Adventure, Publisher: Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.
LEGO Marvel's Avengers features characters and storylines from the blockbuster film Marvel's The Avengers and the much anticipated sequel Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron, and more. Play as the most powerful Super Heroes in their quest to save humanity.
North America: March 22, 2016 (Retail, PSN), Europe: March 25, 2016 (Retail, PSN)
Genre: RPG, Publisher: NIS America
Stranger of Sword City is a game about death and fighting against vanishing forever. You will discover new meaning in the choices you make to survive against all odds. You will define yourself by the lives of those you leave behind, by the people you align yourself with, and the experiences you have on each new venture into the dark labyrinths that threaten to trap you.
North America: 2016 TBA (PSN), Europe: 2016 TBA (PSN)
Genre: RPG, Publisher: Acttil
Ray Gigant is set in the near future where Earth's major cities have been ravaged by giant, terrifying alien creatures known as Gigants. Across the globe, military forces from every nation attempted to counter the attacks but, to their horror, failed miserably.
North America: January 19, 2016 (PSN), Europe: January 20, 2016 (PSN)
Genre: RPG, Publisher: Koei Tecmo
Atelier Escha & Logy Plus: Alchemists of the Dusk Sky is the PS Vita version of Atelier Escha & Logy where players can choose to see the story unfold through the eyes of the romantic alchemist Escha Malier, or the more levelheaded and rational Logix Ficsario.
North America: April 5, 2016 (Retail, PSN), Europe: April 5, 2016 (Retail, PSN)
Genre: Platformer, Publisher: Ubisoft
Developed by Climax Studios in collaboration with Ubisoft Montreal, Assassin's Creed Chronicles brings the thrill of being a Master Assassin to 2.5D. Players journey to three distinct civilizations and time periods throughout history, including the Ming dynasty at the start of its downfall, the Sikh Empire as it prepares for war in India and the aftermath of the Red October Revolution.
North America: March 15, 2016 (Retail, PSN), Europe: 2016 TBA (Retail, PSN)
Genre: Action Game, Publisher: XSEED Games (NA) / Marvelous (EU)
In Senran Kagura: Estival Versus, a mystical phenomenon transports the buxom beauties of the titular series to a parallel dimension to face off against their rivals in a new kind of battle. In this strange world – which resembles a sunny, sandy island paradise – the girls are thrown for another loop as they encounter departed loved ones and ultimately have to decide if they can bear to part from them a second time.
North America: 2016 TBA (Retail, PSN), Europe: 2016 TBA (Retail, PSN)
Genre: RPG, Publisher: Square Enix
Embark on an adventure unlike any before to an all new World of Final Fantasy. With charming, stylized visuals for both the young and the young at heart, players will collect, raise, and battle iconic monsters by stacking them to form adorable yet strategic monster towers. The memorable legends of Final Fantasy come to life in this imaginative, colorful world as an epic story fit for the smallest of heroes unfolds.
North America: 2016 TBA, Europe: 2016 TBA
Genre: RPG, Publisher: Bandai Namco
Sword Art Online: Hollow Realization takes place in one of the stages set within the original Sword Art Online and will give fans the chance to experience the “Sword Art Online” world from the very beginning. Taking on the role of Kirito, players enter a new VRMMORPG world called “Sword Art Origin”, which was created on the game's original sever, giving players flashbacks of memories from past events.
North America: February 2, 2016 (PSN), Europe: February 5, 2016 (PSN)
Genre: RPG, Publisher: Bandai Namco
Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth is set in the near future where the line between the real and digital worlds is blurred. Logging into cyberspace is part of everyday life. A harmless on-line chat spawns a chance encounter with a mysterious hacker for one teenager. Little did this teen know, this brief meeting would lead to a monumental adventure.
North America: 2016 TBA, Europe: 2016 TBA
Genre: RPG, Publisher: Bandai Namco
God Eater 2: Rage Burst was released in Japan on February 19, 2015 and is an enhanced version of God Eater 2 including new features and elements like additional story content, Blood Rage/Rage Burst, Variant Scythe, Skill Install, Personal Ability System, and Survival Missions.
North America: 2016 TBA (PSN), Europe: 2016 TBA (PSN)
Genre: Action Game, Publisher: Bandai Namco
Pilot legendary Mobile Suits and take on missions from incredible scenarios from Mobile Suit Gundam to Mobile Suit Gundam Universal Century in fast-paced 2vs2 gameplay to larger and more strategic Team battles. The high intensity 2vs2 gameplay of Mobile Suit Gundam: Extreme VS Force is based on the hit Japanese Gundam VS franchise which has produced more than 10 titles in the past 14 years across multiple console systems and arcades in Japan.
North America: June 7, 2016 (Retail, PSN), Europe: 2016 TBA
Genre: RPG, Publisher: Atlus
The HD remake of Vanillaware's PS2 masterpiece Odin Sphere is told in five tales from the perspectives of five unique protagonists. Odin Sphere Leifthrasir expresses the original game with glorious HD graphics in Vanillaware's renowned style, expanded worlds with new monsters, fully voiced story scenes, and a fine-tuned refreshing combat and RPG system to perfect the gameplay.
North America: 2016 TBA, Europe: 2016 TBA
Genre: RPG, Publisher: Bandai Namco
God Eater Resurrection was released in Japan on October 29, 2015 and is an upgraded version of God Eater Burst and a prequel to God Eater 2: Rage Burst featuring enhanced graphics and event scenes, the new Predator Style and all available weapon types from God Eater 2 and God Eater 2: Rage Burst.
North America: 2016 TBA, Europe: 2016 TBA
Genre: Action Game, Publisher: Koei Tecmo
Attack on Titan is a new action title based on the highly acclaimed worldwide anime hit series “Attack on Titan”. The yet-to-be-named game is being developed by Omega Force and is planned for release in 2016 in the west.
North America: 2016 TBA (Retail, PSN), Europe: 2016 TBA (PSN)
Genre: Visual Novel, Publisher: Aksys Games
Building on the success of its predecessors, Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors, and Virtue's Last Reward, series mastermind Kotaro Uchikoshi has pulled out all the stops to deliver the most compelling and mind shredding gaming experience ever seen on a handheld platform.
Choice is your only method of salvation and your only means of escape. How much of your humanity will you sacrifice to earn your freedom? As a new age of ruin looms large on the horizon, you must make impossible decisions and weather unimaginable consequences as you straddle the line between absolution and damnation.
Close
By examining blood samples drawn from U.S. marines who have served in combat zones, a team of researchers has identified genetic markers that are linked with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
For their study published in the journal Molecular Psychiatry on March 10, Dewleen Baker from the University of California, San Diego and colleagues analyzed the blood samples of 188 marines from the U.S. The samples were taken prior to and after the deployment of the marines to conflict zones.
PTSD is a mental condition that can happen after a person experiences a terrifying event or situation with violent assaults, such as those seen during military combat, natural and man-made disasters and accidents, all of which are known to be common triggers of the condition.
The researchers were able to identify biomarkers that are associated with innate immune response, which provide the body with the initial defense against pathogens as well as with interferon signaling linked with PTSD.
Baker said that they were able to identify the genetic markers of interferon signaling and innate immunity before and after the development of PTSD. The results of the experiment were likewise replicated in a second analysis involving another group of marines.
"The question to ask is what's stimulating an interferon response prior to PTSD development," Baker said. "The answer could be any number of factors, ranging from a simple explanation of increased anticipatory stress prior to deployment or more complex scenarios where individuals may have a higher viral load."
The researchers said that the findings could lead to new ways of improving the diagnosis and treatment of individuals with PTSD and make predictions as to who might be susceptible to the condition. The interferon signaling networks, for instance, may serve as a molecular signature that can predict increased risks for PTSD.
"These findings provide novel insights for early preventative measures and advanced PTSD detection, which may lead to interventions that delay or perhaps abrogate the development of PTSD," the researchers wrote.
Experts said that what sets PTSD apart and makes it more challenging to study compared with other psychiatric orders is that it involves a traumatic experience that serves as a trigger. The researchers said that their study did not only allow them to identify the differences between the participants with PTSD and those without. In essence, it also allowed them to travel back in time to determine if any of those who developed PTSD have biomarkers that suggest they would likely develop the condition.
Photo: DVIDSHUB | Flickr
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
‘We knew that there was a political pressure' about sending sick asylum seekers to Australia, doctor tells coroner
Doctors faced “political pressure” from Australia not to bring critically-ill asylum seekers from Papua New Guinea, despite knowledge the healthcare in PNG was inferior and inadequate, an inquest into the death of an asylum seeker has heard.
The inquest into the death of Iranian asylum seeker Hamid Kehazaei – who died following a treatable infection contracted on Manus island in 2014 – was told of a “quite challenging” relationship between the doctors responsible for the care of asylum seekers detained on the island, and the Australian Department of Immigration and Border Protection which resisted medical movements for budgetary and political reasons.
“The policy was to provide medical care as much as possible to people in these situations, to provide first-world care, but there was a pressure regarding finances and budgets of doing air ambulance evacuations quite regularly at times, and for people to travel to Australia we knew that there was a political pressure in the department,” said Dr Stewart Condon, a coordinating doctor with International SOS who requested Kehazaei's medical evacuation.
Critically ill from a leg infection that had developed into sepsis, Kehazaei was flown by air ambulance from Manus Island to Port Moresby's Pacific International hospital on 26 August 2014, despite doctors being unanimous in their opinion that he should be brought to Australia for treatment.
Asylum seeker's family mourn 'sensitive, lovable' son declared brain dead Read more
Kehazaei, who had at that point been in care on Manus Island for more than 60 hours, had a persistent fever, low blood pressure, a rapid heartbeat and rapid breathing rate. He was not responding to a host of antibiotics and pain relief, could not sit up unaided, and could not walk to the toilet. He had cellulitis, abscesses, and unburst blisters on his legs, and a hard swelling in his groin.
“Sounds like he's septic, really, doesn't he,” Condon said in discussion with Kehazaei's treating doctor on the island.
Condon, working from Sydney on 26 August 2014, said he had recommended that morning that Kehazaei required an urgent medical evacuation to Australia. International SOS was contracted by International Health and Medical Services (IHMS), the offshore detention's medical provider, to coordinate medical transfers.
“I made the recommendation that he travel to Brisbane as a centre for medical excellence,” Condon said.
However, as a secondary option, Condon's recommendation said Kehazaei could be moved to Port Moresby's Pacific International hospital. Despite this, he told the inquest in a formal statement that because of Kehazaei's critical situation: “Port Moresby was no longer medically appropriate.”
Asked by counsel assisting the inquest why he offered a “secondary” medical option when he didn't believe that option could provide adequate care, Condon said there was a pressure not to move asylum seekers to Australia.
The policy not to move sick or injured asylum seekers off Manus Island was codified in the medical evacuation response plan his organisation worked by.
In a section marked “transferees”, that is, asylum seekers and refugees in offshore detention, it read:
“For transferees consideration should be given to the possibility of treatment for PNG. Recommendations for transportation to Australia can be made only once local options have been exhausted.”
Taken to Port Moresby's Pacific International hospital on the afternoon of 26 August, Kehazaei suffered three heart attacks there, before he was moved, unconscious, to Brisbane the next day. He died a week later in Brisbane's Mater hospital, without ever regaining consciousness.
The Australian government has consistently maintained that asylum seekers and refugees in offshore detention receive medical care “broadly comparable” with that available in Australia.
But Condon said it was known that the level of care available in Port Moresby's Pacific International hospital was inferior to that in Australia.
“We knew with this body of information that PIH had limited facilities in terms of their emergency care, the intensive care unit, and in the skill sets of the doctors working there,” he told the inquest.
“People had told me the level of hygiene was poor, the level of staff cover was limited, and, as a hospital, while it could do some things reasonably well, it certainly wasn't a level of care we were happy with. It was not something that we would recommend.”
Condon said the department responded to his recommendation to move Kehazaei to Australia by opting, instead to send him to Port Moresby.
“I was surprised because we had sent the updated recommendation, they were acting on old information as to how Hamid could travel off Manus Island.
“They took the option that offered quite a basic level of care, not the one that could manage his situation appropriately.”
Condon said that the medical team of International SOS always sought to prioritise patients' medical care, but that there was “pressure” put on the operations side of the company by the government to reduce costs.
“There was an understanding that an air ambulance, for example, coming from some of these locations, would cost $100,000, and that the client was concerned at the continuing cost of that.”
Asked who “the client” was, Condon replied: “The Department of Immigration and Border Protection.”
Hamid Kehazaei inquest: asylum seeker needed urgent transfer, medical staff agreed Read more
Condon said there were regularly delays in transporting seriously- and critically-ill patients from the offshore detention centres on Manus Island and Nauru.
“There are cases where we made urgent recommendations for an air ambulance where we expected it to be happening within hours, and we waited days for approval.”
Asked by the coroner how he would categorise Hamid Kehazaei's circumstance, Condon answered: “That was an emergency. His blood pressure and his numbers, the observations in my notes, they are critical numbers. If those numbers are seen in any of the emergency department I work in, medical teams, nurses, respond very quickly, try to fluid resuscitate people. That was an emergency.”
Doctors on Manus Island first recommended Kehazaei be urgently transferred off the island on the morning of 25 August, a full 36 hours before he was ultimately moved.
Kehazaei first presented to the medical clinic within the Manus Island detention centre at about 5.30pm on the evening of 23 August. Doctors reported he was shivering, with his hands held inside his shirt, and complaining of a fever, chills, body aches, a runny nose and sore throat. He had been unwell for two days, he said.
Condon's evidence to the coronial inquiry, before coroner Terry Ryan, continues in Brisbane.
Speaker John Boehner said if the Senate passes an extension of the Export-Import Bank he would allow the bill to come to the House floor under an "open amendment process." The plan, which Boehner said he laid out for House Financial Services Chairman Jeb Hensarling of Texas, would test support for the government-backed institution. There are sure to be amendments to end, wind down and reform the bank, which guarantees loans for companies doing business overseas.
The ads will begin Friday in the home districts of Reps. David McKinley of West Virginia, Rob Bishop and Chris Stewart of Utah, and Bill Shuster of Pennsylvania, a spokesman for the group said Wednesday. The spots, which will air on both broadcast and cable networks, are part of $1 million campaign from the Club timed to coincide with Congress's debate over reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank. (The bank is better described as a government credit agency that backs loans to foreign entities as incentive to sign deals with U.S. companies. The Club sees this as corporate welfare.) […] In the TV spots, the lawmakers are criticized for supporting a "petri dish of corruption and graft." In Bishop and Stewart's case, they are compared unfavorably to fellow Republican colleagues Sens. Mike Lee and Orrin Hatch. In West Virginia, the Club said McKinley supported a program backed by Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama.
Thursday morning, the Senate voted to advance Trade Promotion Authority for the Trans-Pacific Partnership, but getting to cloture was a challenge. Ultimately, the price for some Democratic lawmakers to give their support was a promise from Republican leadership that they would forward an extension of the Export-Import Bank, the federally backed bank that provides assistance to U.S. corporations selling their goods abroad. They got that assurance, including from House Speaker John Boehner Meanwhile, the Club for Growth is stepping up with attack ads against House Republicans who support the extension of the Ex-Im Bank.That last bit is pretty funny, the comparison with Orrin Hatch. Because the TPA bill is being managed in the Senate by Hatch, who had to have agreed with having this Ex-Im Bank vote to move TPA forward. Nonetheless, tea party Republicans in the House will probably tank the Ex-Im Bank extension, making this demand from Democrats to support TPA look pretty pointless.
Why it matters: Congressional investigators are preparing to hammer tech execs on how Russian-bought political ads and content made its way onto their platforms to stoke chaos leading up to the 2016 presidential election. Facebook and Twitter have spent the past few weeks scrambling to put in place new safeguards to prevent this sort of activity — all part of public relations strategies on both sides to show they are serious about cracking down on foreign interference in U.S. politics.
The public's lack of trust in both the companies and the government on this front is easy to explain:
For nearly a decade, the Federal Elections Commission has declined to require the types of disclosures for paid political advertising on online platforms that you see on political ads on TV, radio and print. The lack of formal rules meant that opaqueness became the industry standard.
Meanwhile, tech companies came up with their own guidelines to walk the fine line between reasonable ad disclosure and growing their lucrative political advertising business during campaign seasons. While they've broken no rules, their admissions that Russian groups and other malicious actors targeted users without their knowledge gives congressional investigators an easy opening to slap them on the wrists. And it's unclear if the companies have publicly shared the full extent of this meddling — or how much fake news or suspicious bots actually spread information on their sites.
By the numbers: An Axios-SurveyMonkey poll conducted last week found the following views:
54% see Russians' use of technology platforms to meddle in U.S. politics as a serious issue that warrants investigation; 41% see it as a distraction.
51% say social media does more to harm than help democracy and free speech; overall 45% say social media does more to help.
When asked who has "a responsibility to identify and prevent foreign governments' interference in U.S. politics and elections" via tech platforms, 53% say both the federal government and the tech companies should share the burden.
Yet, 43% say "neither" when asked whom they trust more to keep such foreign influence off the platforms. Just 20% said they trust them both.
54% of those surveyed say they prefer human screening to monitor for inappropriate content, while 38% are fine with computer algorithms to do the job.
Be smart: Google, Facebook and Twitter see themselves as purveyors of free speech that strengthens democracy rather than weakens it. Sources close to the companies tell us they are working hard to strike the right balance between acting as a neutral platform for all speech and a trusted space free of extremist views or illegitimate ads and content. Still, at least for now, they enjoy high popularity with their users and their businesses are thriving. Whether this crisis truly becomes existential for them depends on how they handle the congressional interrogations this week while the public is watching.
Go deeper: Americans worried about Russian influence on elections.
(Survey methodology: The data reported here come from an online survey conducted by SurveyMonkey Oct. 23-26, among 5,474 adults and has a modeled error margin of 2 percentage points. Respondents for this survey were selected from the nearly 3 million people who take surveys on the SurveyMonkey platform each day. Data have been weighted for age, race, sex, education, and geography using the Census Bureau's American Community Survey to reflect the demographic composition of the United States age 18 and over.)
Markhor founder Waqas Ali spent the first half of his life without ever using the Internet. He grew up in a small village in Pakistan, and recalls using Google for the first time in 2007 after he moved to Lahore to attend college.
When Ali returned home to Okara for summer break, he was inspired to start Markhor while talking to a local shoemaker about Facebook. The man had heard that Facebook was a hateful, anti-Islam website, and Ali tried to explain the purpose of a social network by telling the shoemaker that he could even use Facebook to sell his shoes to people around the world.
Ali took his own advice, and turned the offhand suggestion into a legitimate business. In September of last year, Markhor launched a Kickstarter that brought in over $107,000 from 508 backers in two months.
Shortly after, Ali and his co-founder Sidra Qasim became the first Pakistani company to be accepted into Y Combinator as a part of the Summer 2015 class.
“The idea is that these craftsmen in Pakistan make handmade shoes for many luxury brands, but most of the money goes to these middlemen who are responsible for delivery,” Ali says.
By designing their own shoes, purchasing the leather themselves, and selling direct-to-consumer online, Markhor is able to pay their craftsmen three to five times more than the going rate. Many of these shoemakers live off less than $5 per day, Ali says, even though your average pair of Louis Vuitton men's loafers retails for around $1,000.
For consumers, removing the middleman translates to handmade, designer-quality shoes that cost less than $300 and ship within five days.
When you purchase a pair of Markhor shoes, you are immediately looped into the production, and you receive periodic updates about the craftsman's progress. When the shoes arrive, included in the box is a profile of the craftsman responsible, Ali says, which also tells you how much he makes.
“People like to know that these shoes are not made by a child or a pregnant woman in China,” says Ali. “When you're buying high-end shoes from big brands, there are so many layers that you don't know where the shoes are made.”
Ali says that Markhor is currently working with 75 craftsmen in Pakistan, and plans to scale up as needed.
“There are thousands of craftsmen like this in Pakistan, and if you include India and Africa, where we plan to expand our production, there are millions,” he says.
Markhor will be launching a women's line next month, again on Kickstarter, and will consider introducing additional products in the future.
Advertisement
Advertisement
When Donald Trump decided to run for president, no one knew exactly what to expect. With just over 30 days until voters head to the polls on Election Day, Trump is now forced to deal with an unsettling situation.
Trump on trial
As election season rolled on, one of the biggest issues hovering over the Trump campaign's head was the upcoming Trump University fraud case. Over 5,000 former students are set to be represented by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who claim they were scammed out of as much as $35,000 each. While the fraud trial has gotten the most attention from the press, there's another legal matter that the Republican nominee has tried to ignore, but is now moving forward.
Advertisement
As reported by LawNews on October 7, the lawsuit alleging that Trump took part in a group rape of a minor has been ordered to a hearing.
Federal Judge Orders Hearing in Donald Trump Rape Lawsuit https://t.co/FfKUktP2pm pic.twitter.com/sdhn3mUWx3 — LawNewz (@law_newz) October 7, 2016
An order has been announced by federal Judge Ronnie Abrams for a conference hearing in the rape lawsuit against Trump. The plaintiff, described as "Jane Doe," filed a lawsuit earlier this year, detailing her alleged rape by Trump and Jeffrey Epstein, a billionaire financier and registered sex offender. The incident allegedly took place in the summer of 1994 when "Jane Doe" was only 13-years-old.
A more detailed account of the complaint claims that Epstein hired an unidentified woman to routinely pickup nearby teenage girls to bring them to parties.
Advertisement
Top Videos of the Day
Two of the then-teenage victims, known as "Jane" and "Tiffany" are listed in the complaint as witnesses who claim they saw Trump and Epstein take part in the sexual assault. As of press time, Trump's legal team continues to deny any wrongdoing by their client. The status conference is scheduled to be held in a New York court on December 16.
Moving forward
According to the latest round of polling by Real Clear Politics, Trump is trailing Hillary Clinton by four points, while also falling behind in key battleground states like Florida, Pennsylvania, and Colorado. When it comes to important minority voting groups, the former host of "The Apprentice" is on the wrong side of one of the widest gaps in presidential election history, with 70 percent of women and Hispanics viewing him in a negative light.
Advertisement
Those numbers only continue to grow in the African-American community, where only two percent of black voters have given Trump their support.
With the Trump University case on the horizon, and the rape lawsuit gaining steam, Trump's legal issues couldn't have come at the worst time. Unless Trump is able to make a historic comeback, most political pundits believe that Clinton will end up the winner in November.
Billionaire presidential candidate Donald Trump says Jeb Bush should drop out of the presidential race after a disastrous debate performance and another campaign reboot.
“Look, Jeb is a nice guy. He's a stiff, OK? … He doesn't have a chance,” Trump said on ABC's Good Morning America this morning with George Stephanopoulos.
When Stephanopoulos asked Trump if Bush should drop out of the presidential race, Trump agreed.
“Absolutely. He has no chance. Jeb is not a man who is going to make it. He's wasting his time. He's wasting a lot of money,” Trump said.
Trump made the rounds Today on several morning news shows as he promoted his new book “Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again.”
Stephanopoulos played Trump some clips of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton expressing her desire to debate Trump should he win the Republican nomination, and asked for his reaction.
“She's bluffing,” Trump said simply.
h bull weighi
The Pasture Queens
Millie is one of my best cows. I wish I had ten of her. We have 3 daughters and 2 grand-daughters from her instead. All are great. We hope to get many more out of this cow line. This picture is not photo shopped, she is only 35 inches tall. She is what we strive for in our cow herd. We have more that are as good and (maybe) even better. Our smallest cow is only 32 inches & 260lbs. Click on the picture below for more mini cows.
The Bulls We really, really like our bulls. We use bulls that are less than 36 inches tall and less than 500lbs when mature. We use bulls that are genetically small. Mulitple generations of genetically small. No dwarf genes in our herd. We like bulls out of cows that milk good, have good personality and conformation. Color as a bonus. We want bulls that out produce themselves. Below is a bull we used called Ripley. He was bred, born and raised on our farm. Click on the picture below for more mini bulls
The little calves!
Put it all together and we get some pretty nice calves. We average 20lbs and 20 inches tall. A wide variety of colors and color patterns. Annabelle below is the smallest cow we have ever had. She was only 8.4 lbs when born. She is 3 weeks old in this picture. She is a sweetheart, she loves attention. Loves to be scratched and brushed. She is spoiled. Click on the picture to see more mini calves.
The ACIA Report
The Arctic Communications Infrastructure Assessment (ACIA) identifies the issues and challenges facing governments and service providers in ensuring the Canadian Arctic is properly connected for the benefit of Arctic citizens and all Canadians.
The ACIA report is a 195 page print document, and can be viewed or downloaded in full or by chapter in pdf form, from this website.
The ACIA Website
This companion website to the ACIA report provides the first few paragraphs of each section of the report. More text in the print version is indicated with an ellipse in brackets [...] throughout the site. Each chapter can be easily viewed online as a pdf.
Detailed maps listing communication services are available via the website, in the 'Maps' section. The website also includes the ACIA predictive bandwidth model, to enable users to calculate future bandwidth needs based on changing parameters.
Sovereignty, Emergency Response, & Development
The Canadian Arctic must have reliable communication networks to establish and maintain Canada's sovereignty. Emergency responders must have excellent communications on the land, on the sea, and in communities to rapidly respond to both natural and man-made disasters in the Arctic, particularly with the effect of climate change and increase in traffic and resource development.
Communities Must Connect
Sovereignty, development, and emergency response rely heavily on the existence of the 75 Arctic communities that dot the Arctic landscape, stretching from the Yukon-Alaskan border to Baffin Island and up to the North Pole, accounting for over 1/3 of Canada's land mass. Canadians are becoming more reliant on communication services in every aspect of their lives, and the Arctic is no exception. The 100,000 Arctic residents who populate Canada's three Arctic territories must have reliable, affordable communications infrastructure to engage in 21st century opportunities—the long term survival of many Arctic communities depend on it.
Recommendations
The Assessment tables a series of recommendations for consideration by security and emergency response agencies, federal and territorial policymakers, regulators, government departments, government procurement officers and service providers. Recommendations aim to meet future communications needs in light of the existing communications infrastructure, geographic and economic realities of the Arctic.
Communications: A Matter of Survival
Communications for maintaining sovereignty and emergency response is a fundamental requirement in the Arctic. So too, is the need for 21st century communication services for Arctic communities—it is a matter of survival.
Audio is no longer available
Big K.R.I.T., 'Return Of 4Eva'
Song: Amtrak
Is Big K.R.I.T. the nicest man in show business? He's humble and grandma-pleasing polite in interviews. He writes songs about getting up early and swears "the latest [he] could be been on time." Is he the hardest-working man in show business? He produces his own beats, he alternates flows every other track (once he calls it out before he drops in — "old school flow: they used to say") and he's not afraid of double time. "I came from nothing," he says, "and I want more." He's from Mississippi, but on Return of 4Eva he's a regional rapper, even printing the words "3rd Coast" on his album cover. As such, he drops references (both lyrical and in production) to everybody he should — Goodie Mob, OutKast, UGK — and head-nods to current regional heroes and rap blog champions like Lil Boosie and Yelawolf. He's warm and logical, constructing "Amtrak" around a beat that stays funky as it motors and sampling keys shifting in somebody's hands in "My Sub," an ode to bumping songs out of his car — not coincidentally the best venue for hearing the songs of a hardworking southerner with a portfolio and promise. (Frannie Kelley)
This album is available for free download from returnof4eva.com.
The creator of a "Nazi" garden gnome can breathe a sigh of relief after prosecutors decided to halt an investigation into his satire of the banned Hitler salute.
The public prosecutor's office in Nuremberg announced on Wednesday that it was not pursuing an investigation into the artist Ottmar Hörl and the gallery showing his work. Although the display of any symbols associated with banned organizations -- such as the Nazi Party -- is expressly banned in Germany, this does not constitute an offence if it "shows opposition to the organization and fights against its ideology."
After interviewing both the artist and the gallery owner, the authorities concluded that neither had used any symbols of banned organized in the past.
The probe was launched after an anonymous letter arrived at the prosecutor's office complaining about the 40-centimeter sculpture which had been on display in a gallery window. Hörl, an art professor who is president of the Nuremberg Academy of Fine Arts, protested that the work was clearly meant as satire.
The prosecutors agreed that the intention had been to make the Nazis look ridiculous. Hörl had made it clear to them that the sculpture had been created for an exhibition aimed at criticizing the far-right in Belgium. And the gallery owner confirmed that he had assumed he was selling a piece of work that was attacking right-wing extremism.
Reddit co-founder tells 'fellow geeks' to 'stop being sexist'
Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian is sick of the sexism he sees on his own site, and he wants it to stop.
In a post titled 'Dear Fellow Geeks: WTF?' Ohanian responds to the Adria Richards scandal, in which Richards tweeted a picture of men sitting behind her at a tech conference she said were making sexist remarks.
One of those men was then fired from his job and Richards was fired from her job at SendGrid.
Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian has asked users to 'take responsibility' for their sexist actions and stop harassing women
The backlash against Richards and inspired Ohanian to weigh in.
'These amazing open platforms for speech work because an internet connection is all we need to share an idea with the connected world,' he wrote. 'What makes this freedom so awesome is not simply that we have it, but how we exercise it. Your tweets, your comments, and your upvotes matter.
'The comments (and support for them) I've seen over the past few days have really disappointed me and I really hope this is a chance for us to reflect on how we use these tools to foster the tech community. This isn't 'political correctness,' this is you having the courage to use your words to create an environment that promotes an open exchange of ideas -- not alienate people and certainly not terrorize them.
'Growing up, we typically weren't picked first for sports, but were first on the Quake II server. Few people really understood our peculiar hobbies or how amazing it was to see 'Hello, world' for the first time. Plenty of us got used to being ignored. Many of us were bullied. But what did we learn from it -- empathy or hate?
Ohanian has long argued for a 'benevolent' Internet
He also wrote that Reddit's users are more than 'not-poor straight white men,' who should be more willing to be see things from other people's point of view.
He concludes: 'the internet won't live up to its full potential without getting the best out of everyone.'
The full post can be viewed at Ohanian's site .
Reddit community reaction to the post was as divided as the reaction to the Richard's scandal, the Huffington Post noted.
One user, BRDtheist wrote: He's right that the larger and more upsetting problem is the otherwise kind and reasonable people who spew sexist bile at times like these.'
Meanwhile HolidaySHRIMP argued: 'That c*** deserved to get fired. Poor guy just being a guy. Thanks for ruining it for the rest of us!'
Medicare plans to reimburse physicians for counseling patients about their end of life care options.
The unexpected change comes nearly six years after similar proposals were dropped from President Obama's health reform law and inaccurately compared to “death panels” by some conservative politicians, most notably former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin.
The policy change, effective January 1, is part of a massive regulation released Wednesday. The change follows recommendations from the American Medical Association to make advance care planning services a separately payable service under Medicare.
“As a practicing physician, and a son, and someone who has dealt with this in his own family, I would say these are discussions … that are critical to high-quality care,” Patrick Conway, Medicare's chief medical officer, told the Associated Press. “I would want any American who wanted to have this conversation with their clinician to have the opportunity to do so.”
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services could not be reached for further comment.
Some physicians already have end of life conversations with their adult patients without billing for it, and some private insurers offer reimbursement.
But advocates hope Medicare coverage for some 55 million older Americans will make such talks more common and encourage patients to complete advance health care directives, such as a living will or power of attorney document.
The National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization praised the policy change.
“NHPCO has long championed the need for Americans to talk about and document their healthcare preferences with their loved ones and healthcare professionals,” said NHPCO President J. Donald Schumacher in a statement sent to Life Matters Media. “More and more Americans are facing advanced illness and are aging with multiple chronic health conditions, so it's now more important than ever to have these vital conversations.”
Concerned parties have 60 days to comment on the new regulation before it is finalized.
The ruling comes almost a year after a widely circulated report from the Institute of Medicine found that far too many Americans avoid serious discussion about their care wishes and as a result receive unwanted, unnecessary and often painful treatments in their last moments of life.
The report cited the present as the best time to encourage advance care planning, partly because of the aging population and growing number of Americans living longer with chronic diseases.
“Most people nearing the end of life are not physically, mentally, or cognitively able to make their own decisions about care…Therefore, advance care planning is essential to ensure that patients receive care reflecting their values, goals, and preferences,” according to the 2014 report. “Of people who indicate end of life care preferences, most choose care focused on alleviating pain and suffering. However, because the default mode of hospital treatment is acute care, advance planning and medical orders are needed to ensure that these preferences are honored.”
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
No experience in my life is ever going to be as bizarre as the day I spent with Prince at his Paisley Park retreat where he was found dead today.
I was privileged to be given a rare insight into his secretive world, and his first interview with a British newspaper for a decade, because the Daily Mirror was exclusively releasing his album 20TEN as a free CD giveaway to every reader.
The rock legend showed me around his famous studio, treated me to a private performance, invited me to jam on stage in his private concert hall and threw a "party" just for me in his private nightclub.
Our interview, in July 2010, had been on and off for weeks.
Then I was suddenly phoned one afternoon by his manager in London and told he would see me as long as I could get to his fun factory, near Minneapolis... by the following morning.
The manager then added firmly: "DON'T bring a camera, mobile phone or tape recorder - or it's all off. "
After a transatlantic dash, I was met by one of his backing singers, Shelby Johnson, waiting to drive me to Paisley Park - an address that was as synonymous with Prince as Neverland was with Michael Jackson.
Entering Paisley Park
I had envisaged a gothic purple palace at the end of a winding lane, but it turned out to be a huge white 70,000 square foot building, resembling an industrial complex, on a busy main road. It looked like the last place you would expect to find Prince's studios, a concert hall and even his own private nightclub.
Shelby showed me into the lobby, kitted out in the style of a 1950's American diner and, before I had chance to sit down, Prince strode in, beaming, with hand outstretched.
I was amazed. Where was the superstar entourage - burly security, manic PRs and personal assistants? There was no-one else around.
"Hi," he said, "I'm so glad you could come." His voice was deeper than I expected, he was certainly small (5ft 2in at most), looked almost half his age, and was dressed immaculately, if oddly, in white silk trousers, flouncy green silk shirt, an ivory tunic and white pumps (which, I suspect, were stacked).
"You must come and listen to the album," he said. "I hope you like it. It's great that it will be free to readers of your newspaper. I really believe in finding new ways to distribute my music."
He explained that he decided the album would be released in CD format only in the Mirror in the UK. He no longer trusted the record industry and there would be no downloads anywhere in the world because of his battles against internet abuses.
Prince dead: Aerial footage shows Prince's Paisley Park Studios compound
"The internet's completely over"
Unlike most other rock stars, he had banned YouTube and iTunes from using any of his music and had even closed down his own official website.
He said: "The internet's completely over. I don't see why I should give my new music to iTunes or anyone else. They won't pay me an advance for it and then they get angry when they can't get it.
"The internet's like MTV. At one time MTV was hip and suddenly it became outdated. Anyway, all these computers and digital gadgets are no good.
"They just fill your head with numbers and that can't be good for you."
Then he led me to his recording studio in the complex and invited me to sit in his leather swivel chair at the enormous mixing desk.
Wow! I had finally arrived at the epicentre of Prince's world - the scene of fabled all-night recording sessions in which he apparently played up to 27 instruments.
This is where the genius behind classics such as Purple Rain, When Doves Cry, 1999 and Let's Go Crazy created his great music. The walls were a vibrant reddish purple, flickering candles lined every ledge and the smell of incense filled the air.
Prince jabbed a few buttons and hidden speakers burst into life with my preview. He looked at me for a reaction and I told him it was brilliant, as indeed it was.
"This one's called Compassion," said Prince. But as I tried to jot down the title he looked aghast, grabbed my wrist and pleaded: "Please, please. It's a surprise, don't spoil it for people."
A religious man
He told me how these were trying times and to emphasise the point, chivvied me into another room, switched on the TV and showed me an evangelical TV documentary blaming corporate America for a range of woes from Hurricane Katrina to asthmatic children.
He said that one problem was that "people, especially young people, don't have enough God in their lives".
He was a devout Jehovah's Witness and even had an area set aside which he had labelled The Knowledge Room. It featured a library of religious books.
With missionary zeal, Prince talked about his beliefs and how he had been door-to-door to convert non-believers. But when I asked him anything remotely personal, he was extremely brusque.
Questions about his childhood were met with: "I don't talk about the past."
On his relationship with his then girlfriend Bria Valente, he said: "Self interest is on the back-burner now."
And on late friend/foe Michael Jackson, he simply replied: "Next question."
Time for another surprise. "Come!" he said, and like an excitable Willy Wonka, he led me down corridors, lined with glinting platinum discs, to a lounge where his three talented backing singers, Shelby Johnson, Olivia Warfield and Elisa Fiorilla, were waiting by an ebony futuristic grand piano. I suspected they had been waiting for us for some time.
Prince indicated I should sit down on a solitary seat in the centre of the room as he started singing a rousing track Act of God.... especially for me.
Surreal wasn't the word. I thanked them profusely, Prince smiled and sent me off for dinner. But as it was "only" 10pm he suggested we regrouped back there in an hour "to party".
As he had a reputation as the Prince of Darkness for not starting gigs until 2am or leaving clubs until dawn, my expectations ran high. When I returned later, he welcomed me warmly into his private nightclub.
Read more:
Partying with Prince
It was lavishly kitted out with velvet circular sofas, a dancefloor and there was a chrome stairway up to a balcony.
On two huge screens, at least 20ft high, there were videos of him performing.
But where were the guests? And where was the bar? I was suddenly reminded that he was a strict teetotal vegan as one of those backing singers wandered in... and offered me a glass of still water.
She was closely followed by the other two singers, carrying trays of sliced melon and raw vegetables, which they placed on a long table beside a large Bible. "Help yourself," said one.
Prince arrived with girlfriend Bria, dressed as if she had come to the Oscars, in a shimmering full-length evening gown.
(Image: Getty)
Twice married and divorced, he had been with the singer, who was almost half his age, for three years at that stage.
He produced her first solo album Elixer the previous year and she joined the Jehovah's Witnesses. He introduced her, she looked around at the empty nightclub and said: "Sorry, I think I'm a little overdressed!"
They popped out for a minute and returned, with her proudly holding a food blender filled with a banana smoothie which they poured into glasses for themselves.
Just when it couldn't get any more bizarre, Prince clambered behind a stack of video equipment under the stairs and started showing us 1970s clips from the US TV show Soul Train of his heroes such as Marvin Gaye and Barry White.
He urged his guests - all five of us - to dance and the spirited backing singers began moving around the dancefloor as if they were having the time of their lives.
Prince emerged occasionally to study the screens a bit closer. But every time I tried to chat to him he darted back under the stairs, shouting: "Too many questions."
From his agility, it was clear rumours he needed a double hip op after too much dancing on high heels were unfounded. But, after an hour or so, he had had enough of his party and asked me to follow him. Off we went again, down yet more corridors of platinum discs, we passed iconic guitars and that famous bike from Purple Rain.
And now I'm playing the drums for Prince...
He had decided to take me to his private concert hall, which, with a capacity of more than 1,000 people, was awesome.
Pride of place was a huge Love Symbol #2 - the name of the symbol he had changed his name to when he fell out with his old label Warners.
He said: "It's what I always dreamed of when I was a young musician, playing in the basement. Music is my life. It's my trade. If I can't get it out of my head I can't function. Someone told me they saw me at my peak, but how do they know when my peak is? I think I'm improving all the time. When I listen to my old records I'm ashamed of how I played then."
He added earnestly: "Playing electric guitar your whole life does something to you. I'm convinced all that electricity racing through my body made me keep my hair."
(Image: Getty)
Then he shouted: "Get yourself an instrument." And next minute, he was arranging an impromptu jamming session... with him at his famous purple grand piano, flanked by his backing singers and me on the drums.
It didn't take long for him to realise I had no rhythm.
Just two minutes into the Beatles classic, Come Together, when I thought I was really getting into my stride, I become aware he was staring over at me in disbelief and wincing.
"Stop! Stop! Stop!" he shouted and slammed his hand down on the piano. Laughing, he added: "Have you ever seen The Apprentice on TV? Cos You're fired!"
I protested. Let's take it from the top again, I suggested. But it was too late. I'd blown it.
Still, there can't be many people who've been hired and fired by Prince, all in the space of two minutes.
As Prince said farewell, having nothing to lose, I cheekily pulled out a camera and asked for a picture.
He shook his head. "It's much better in the memory bank," he said. Then he turned to a backing singer and said. "The picture will make your eyes look red and they will use it really big."
A few days later, on returning to London, I got a clearer idea of why he had managed to fall out with so many people in the entertainment industry.
Prince, who was renowned as a perfectionist, tried to force us to scrap the album - apparently because he had gone off one of the tracks - but the CDs had already been pressed and we had watertight contracts.
Sadly, for all the time I spent with him, I don't think I got much closer than anyone else to understanding the brilliant, crazy, little genius whose music defined an era.
The organisers of a Muslim protest march in Dublin against an anti-Islamic video and series of cartoons have described the demonstration as “very successful.”
A group of about 200 to 300 demonstrators participated in a peaceful march from St Stephen's Green to the American and French embassies.
Earlier this month violent protests erupted across the Middle-East after a video depicting the prophet Muhammad as a fraud went viral on the internet.
Subsequent depictions of Muhammad by a French satirical magazine drew widespread condemnation from across the Muslim world.
Khurram Khan, one of the organisers of the Dublin protest, said the demonstration was not political and insisted that the marchers did not represent any Islamic groups.
He added that Muslims in Ireland had been waiting for “someone to take the initiative” and organise a protest. Irish-based Imams refused to organise a demonstration because they feared it would be poorly received, he said.
The organisers intended the demonstration to be silent, but chants of “USA, you must pay!” and “There is no God but Allah!” started almost immediately after the march got under way.
“We tried our best to keep it silent but the people have emotions as well,” Mr Khan said afterwards.
Abdul Haseeb, former editor of Irish Muslim magazine, said he went on the march to ensure it didn't descend into violence, but added that he disagreed with the protest.
Although he endorsed the message, he said these types of demonstrations alienate wider society. Lobbying politicians and the media, he believed, would have been more effective.
“Pressure would have changed things.”
The demonstration passed by the US embassy without much incident. Some elements of the group made hand gestures at the building and shouted “USA! Shame! Shame!” but were quickly moved on by organisers.
The embassy later released a short statement saying “we respect the right to protest and freedom of expression.”
The scene was much the same outside the French embassy, which later said it welcomed “the spirit of responsibility shown by protestors.”
The marchers were overwhelmingly male, with only a tiny number of women among them.
Mr Khan said “there were lots of women interested but we tried to stop them. The only reason being with the weather conditions and with the women with the children, they might face some problems with the weather.”
One of the few women present, Gulgona Rashid, who was there with her husband, Tahir, said she was very proud to be on the march but admitted it “would be nice to see a few more women coming along.”
‘Project Emma' tremor-reducing watch unveiled by Microsoft CEO
Advances Author: Almaz OhenePublished: 14 June 2017 Prep: Cook: Serves:
The team behind an innovative vibrating wristwatch that helped Emma Lawton – who lives with young-onset Parkinson's disease – to draw again, introduced the device at a prestigious tech conference
Haiyan Zhang, innovation director at Microsoft Research, and Emma Lawton, a 33-year-old graphic designer who lives with Parkinson's, unveiled a tremor-reducing wristwatch device at the prestigious Microsoft Build 2017 conference last month.
Emma explained that the prototype wearable has allowed her to “control my own career” again at a time when she feared she might have to give up on her job as a creative director.
Reducing many in the audience to tears, she said: “I was starting to imagine that I'd have to change my career because it's difficult to be a creative director and yet not explain your designs through sketches, or to be able to practice what you preach.
“When I'm drawing and sketching as part of my job, using the watch means I can do it, so it's giving me the opportunity to control my own career.”
In their keynote feature video, Haiyan explained how she and her team based their invention on the gyroscope principles used in vibrating cutlery technology. The wearable vibrates in opposition to the uncontrollable tremor, allowing Emma to control the pen with much more accuracy.
Microsoft tweeted pictures of Emma's handwriting, which showed the differences in legibility when writing with and without the device.
Before and after: The "Emma Watch" gives one designer the ability to write clearly again: https://t.co/IqkHbvvy8u pic.twitter.com/vHaGYVtgr3 — Microsoft (@Microsoft) May 12, 2017
Microsoft researcher Haiyan Zhang studied Parkinson's to alleviate graphic designer Emma Lawton's tremors, helping her write again. #MSBuild pic.twitter.com/rZlOQBqXfe — Microsoft (@Microsoft) May 10, 2017
Jenny Lay-Flurries, chief accessibility officer at Microsoft praised its “inclusive design”.
Beautiful close to keynote. Empowering people. Inclusive design. Pass the tissues.. #MSBuild pic.twitter.com/j5KtEHUURo — Jenny Lay-Flurrie (@jennylayfluffy) May 10, 2017
Satya Nandella, CEO of the Microsoft Corporation – who also spoke at the event ­­– showed his appreciation of the “inspiring” project.
It was an honor to share the stage with @haiyan & @ems_lawton yesterday, their partnership in pursuing this project is truly inspiring https://t.co/HSxGOUC9i3 — Satya Nadella (@satyanadella) May 12, 2017
Haiyan explained the ideas behind the device: “A metronome can often help people overcome ‘freezing of gait,' as somehow their brain becomes distracted by the metronome and they're able to regain control of their legs. Based on this kind of insight maybe there's a way to hack Emma's brain into distracting her through some other stimuli.”
Haiyan continued: “We're now working with clinical neuroscientists in London to do more clinical studies. We're bringing in more people with Parkinson's to try out this device. We think that this particular vibration pattern works for Emma, but there might be other patterns that we can adapt for different people.
“So we're developing a broader vision for this technology and thinking about how we might apply this effect to other parts of the body. Right now it really helps with Emma's writing, but what about other activities that might affect different parts of the body?”
The ‘Project Emma' team is also thinking about how the wearable could track symptoms over time, to offer people with Parkinson's insights into their symptoms, and also advise as to when to take medications. The team is planning to begin initial studies on this technology in London in the near future.
Watch a video of Haiyan and Emma explaining ‘Project Emma' below.
Lead image credit: blogs.microsoft.com
Read more: Tremor-reducing GyroGlove set to launch in 2017
CES 2017: 5 innovative gadgets for people with Parkinson's
Wisdom, the oldest known banded bird in the wild, is a female Laysan albatross that nests within the world's largest albatross colony on Midway Atoll National Wildlife Refuge. She is at least 66-years old and a world renowned symbol of hope for all species that depend upon the health of the ocean to survive.
Conservation History: Mōlī, Hawaiian for Laysan albatross also means a Hawaiian tattooing implement (their bones were excellent for tattooing), graced every island in the Hawaiian archipelago nesting by the millions for thousands of years. However, non-native mammals such as pigs, rabbits, cats and dogs that were brought to the islands, did not evolve with these magnificent ground-nesting seabirds. Furthermore, albatross were easy to approach because of their instinct to stay on the nest at all cost, making them vulnerable to prey by non-native predators and humans.
By the turn of the century albatross were slaughtered by the thousands and feathers were sold at high cost to adorn ladies hats in Europe; albumen from eggs was used the film development industry. As a consequence millions of albatross were killed and the ones that survived were under constant pressure. Even in the remote Northwestern Hawaiian Islands, a Smithsonian expedition report in the late 1800's noted that seabirds were slaughtered and “heaped in piles” on Midway. In 1909, this report motivated Theodore Roosevelt to designate the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands as one of the first federally protected seabird reserves in the country in an attempt to stop the wanton destruction of seabirds, particularly albatrosses. In 2016, we celebrated a conservation milestone that has protected albatross for the past century upon the signing of the Migratory Bird Treaty on August 16, 1916. This act was the first cornerstone of North American efforts that protect birds (such as Wisdom) that migrate across international borders.
This treaty also connects the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service with indigenous people who are honoring the spirit and symbolic role of birds in ancient history. Permission was granted by way of the Act to allow the collection of albatross feathers from deceased birds on Midway Atoll. “Native Hawaiians considered mōlī as the most spiritually significance, or mana,” noted Hawaiian kāhili maker, Shad Kane. “The mōlī is a high-flying bird, so those feathers were more important because (the birds) fly higher in the sky and were closer to the gods,” explained Gerry Miyamoto of Nā Kiamanu and former regent with the Daughters of Hawai'i. Kāhili made from albatross feathers now grace Queen Emma's throne in Hawai'i.
The story of a Laysan albatross named Wisdom, began to unfold in 2002 when a miraculously-timed sighting of a band number on an albatross was documented by bird biologist Chandler Robbins. Due to the U.S. bird banding program rigors and meticulous tracking process, the number was traceable to a bird banded on Midway, December 10, 1956. But wait, the story gets better. The data sheet indicated Chandler Robbins (40 years-old at the time) gave Wisdom her first band in 1956. When Robbins returned to Midway in 2002 he had indeed re-sighted the same bird he wrapped his arms around 46 years earlier to attach a band.
Fast forward five years to 2006 when the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) staff emailed Robbins to inquire about an approximate location of the bird Robbins banded. Albatross have strong nest site fidelity instincts. When they reach breeding age they return to their home turf to find a mate and nest on the same remote island where they were reared as a chick and later become fixated on their own waterfront nest site location. Robbins relayed the information to Midway Atoll that the bird was nesting in area behind the old Navy Bravo Barracks. Shortly afterward, the bird was sighted by FWS volunteers. Later that day, Refuge Biologist John Klavitter returned to the site and removed the metal band that Robbins had given her in 2002 to make room for the new red Z333 band so biologists could easily monitor her over time.
Inspired by New Zealand's “Grandma” who at time was the oldest known albatross in the world. Klavitter appropriately named Midway's oldest albatross, Wisdom, realizing that this ancient and magnificent albatross required a name that would honor her. Klavitter added the name in the 2006 report.
In 1956 Midway Atoll was a bustling U.S. Naval Air Station supporting thousands of military personnel their families and contractors. Today Midway Atoll is a National Wildlife Refuge within the largest marine conservation area in the U.S., Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument.
Questions?
See if we've answered yours in our Q&A section
Keep Wisdom Wise
Villa Savoye, southwest facade, Photo Inexhibit
LE CORBUSIER – VILLA SAVOYE | PART 1, HISTORY
For an architect, to visit Villa Savoye it's a bit like for a cinema enthusiast to go to Manhattan for the first time and discover with stupor that it actually exists.
Indeed, you have read about it, seen it in photographs, and drawn it, maybe even written on it, hundreds of times and now you are watching the real thing.
Villa Savoye is widely considered one of the greatest masterpieces of Le Corbusier, perhaps his greatest one. Even if I have personally found the experience of visiting Notre Dame du Haut or the tiny cabanon in Cap Martin possibly more empathic, I must agree that the Villa is still utterly fascinating. Thus, I am pleased to present you with this piece, which is both a short historical essay and the account of a visit.
The commission
Le Corbusier (1) and his cousin Pierre Jeanneret were contacted in spring 1928 by Pierre Sayoye, a wealthy French insurer (2), and his wife Eugénie who wanted to commission them the design of a country house near Poissy, a small town on Paris' outskirts.
Pierre Savoye, portrait courtesy of Gras-Savoye
Although the Swiss architect was 41 years-old and famous as a theorist and for his speculative projects, he hadn't built much until then. Therefore, the commission was a unique occasion for him to demonstrate, with a real building and without great economical constraints, the principles he had expressed in his seminal essay Toward an Architecture.
Clients like the Savoyes are probably what every architect dream of; they left Le Corbusier largely free to design the house he wanted, only requiring a precise program of spaces and, later on, some changes in order to reduce costs.
The plot of land chosen for the house was a beautiful wooded site about 30 kilometers / 18 miles north-west of central Paris.
It is still not clear if the Savoyes, who had a home in Rue de Courcelles in Paris, simply wanted a country house or were planning to relocate to the new villa permanently. Le Corbusier once wrote that “they wanted to live in the countryside; linked to Paris through 30 kilometers by car”; other documents, especially letters from Eugénie Savoye to the architect, suggest that the building was possibly intended as a rural retreat rather than a permanent abode.
The Savoye family was from Lille, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region, and it had no strong sentimental bonds with the French capital, it is then possible that, given the short distance between Poissy and Paris, where Pierre was working, they actually wanted to live in the new house full time or at least to do that when retired.
For sure, in a 1928 letter to Le Corbusier, Eugénie required the house to be easily expandable (I would like that the house could be expanded within some years, without that such expansion would damage it), thus somehow suggesting that it would become their main residence, sooner or later.
Southwest elevation, original drawing, image courtesy Fondation Le Corbusier
The house under construction in 1928, photo courtesy of Fondation Le Corbusier
The architectural concept
Villa Savoye is broadly considered the best embodiment of Le Corbusier's Five points of a new architecture (les cinq points d'une nouvelle architecture), namely:
– the use of thin columns (called pilotis) to elevate the building from the ground and create a continuity of landscape at the ground level
– the free internal layout (Plan libre) that a column-based structure could provide if compared to load bearing continuous walls made in masonry
– the beam-column structure made the facades non-structural, leaving the architect free to design them as pure functional/ aesthetical elements (Façade libre)
– the inclusion of a habitable flat roof (Toit terrasse) to be used as a garden, a solarium, and an “outdoor living room” in Summer
– the adoption of horizontal ribbon windows (Fenêtre en longueur) to provide plenty of natural light in the rooms.
An original sketch of the terrace, image reproduced from the Harvard Design Magazine
The terrace just after completion in 1929, photo courtesy of Fondation Le Corbusier
The terrace today, Photo Inexhibit
Nevertheless, to limit the innovations made with the Villa to only those elements is somehow reductive.
First of all, all five points rely on, in a way or another, on the use of reinforced concrete as preferred construction material, which may seem not that original today but it was so in the 1920s.
In the early 20th century, reinforced concrete was still considered more an engineering material than an architectural one; it was mainly adopted in infrastructures, industrial buildings, defensive constructions and casemates during the WW I, and experimented in civil buildings only by few architects, such as Auguste Perret, Le Corbusier's mentor.
Yet, to achieve the functional flexibility Le Corbusier much needed for his new architecture, a framed system was necessary; the Swiss architects chose reinforced concrete as the elective material for it, while others, such as Mies Van Der Rohe, preferred steel.
Strangely, almost none among the masters of the International Style considered timber as an alternative.
Another important point was the role of the automobile. Motorcar played a major part in influencing the functional layout of the building; a large part of the ground floor was indeed reserved to a garage for three cars and the house included a small apartment for the chauffeur. Le Corbusier himself wrote to Madame Savoye that “it's the minimum turning radius of a car which defines the dimensions of the house”.
Ground floor plan showing the garage for three cars and the chauffeur's dwelling (bottom left)
View from south, photo Inexhibit
More generally speaking, mechanics and technology were perceived as something extremely positive at the time, something capable to transform a dwelling into a machine-à-habiter (Vers une architecture, 1923), which also explains the attention reserved by both the client and the architect to technical systems, which included state-of-the-art heating, water supply, and artificial lighting. “Here is the detailed list of the main elements I would like to be included in the country house. I want cold and hot water, gas, electricity (lighting and force), and central heating” (3); the “force” was intended to be used for an electric washing machine.
Villa Savoye, the kitchen with original equipment and furniture, photo Inexhibit
Another innovation is the strict relationship between architecture and landscape; something that doesn't emerge much in the usual photos of the building but becomes evident when you visit it. I will cover this point later.
PART 2 – THE ARCHITECTURE OF VILLA SAVOYE
Notes
1) Le Corbusier's real name was Charles-Édouard Jeanneret-Gris (b. 1887, La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland); he adopted the nickname in the early '20s as a nom de plume for his writings in the magazine L'Esprit Nouveau and maintained it also as an architect; his paintings were initially signed Jeanneret, thereafter Le Corbusier, or L-C. The nickname, and its shortened version Corbu, originate from the French word corbeau (raven) as an allusion to the physical aspect of their owner
2) In 1907, Pierre Savoye founded, together with Gustave Gras, the insurance company Gras Savoye. The company still exists and is one of the largest insurance brokers in France, albeit no longer owned by the Savoye family
3) From a letter by Eugénie Savoye to Le Corbusier, June 8, 1928
Even though some state lawmakers are pushing a plan to privatize liquor stores, that's not stopping current state stores from changing their marketing strategy.A Fine Wine and Good Spirits "Premium Collection" store at the Carlisle Marketplace is the first of its kind in the Susquehanna Valley.The store is double the size of a standard state store and offers a bigger selection, a tasting bar to highlight new products, and a more convenient layout."We think by putting stores together like this, you're going to have a better shopping experience and the people who are our real shareholders - the citizens of the Commonwealth - will enjoy coming here to shop," said Joseph Brion, PLCB chairman.The PLCB plans to open two more of the new stores in the Lancaster area. At least one of them is set to open by the end of this year.
Even though some state lawmakers are pushing a plan to privatize liquor stores, that's not stopping current state stores from changing their marketing strategy.
A Fine Wine and Good Spirits "Premium Collection" store at the Carlisle Marketplace is the first of its kind in the Susquehanna Valley.
Advertisement
The store is double the size of a standard state store and offers a bigger selection, a tasting bar to highlight new products, and a more convenient layout.
"We think by putting stores together like this, you're going to have a better shopping experience and the people who are our real shareholders - the citizens of the Commonwealth - will enjoy coming here to shop," said Joseph Brion, PLCB chairman.
The PLCB plans to open two more of the new stores in the Lancaster area. At least one of them is set to open by the end of this year.
AlertMe
Dynamo lighting is reliable, durable, environmentally friendly, more difficult to steal, and extremely convenient. Having lights permanently mounted on and powered by your bicycle means you'll always be well lit.
What is a dynamo?
A dynamo is an energy-generating hub built into the front wheel of a bicycle that typically powers lights. Dynamos can also power USB ports and all manner of fun things, if you're interested.
Early dynamos were tire-driven, resembling small bottles mounted to a bicycle's fork and turned by the tire or rim as it moved past. Between World War I and II, English bicycle component manufacturer Sturmey Archer first popularized the Dynohub, moving the generator inside the hub of the front wheel. This alleviated inefficiencies of the tire-driven bottle dynamo, like premature tire wear, drag, and erratic engagement in wet conditions. Tire-driven bottle dynamos are still manufactured today, though most modern models are hub-based.
What makes a good dynamo light?
A good light is bright enough to be visible, illuminates the road without blinding others, and stays bright while you're stopped at a traffic light.
Most dynamo lighting equipment is designed to comply with German road-use regulations (StVZO/TA). These stringent and specific regulations are in place to ensure that cyclists are well lit from all directions and that the lights don't interfere with other traffic.
A headlight should have a horizon, meaning that the light's beam is limited by a hood at the top and aimed so that the center of the beam hits the ground 33 feet (10 meters) from the front of the bicycle. A concentrated beam illuminates hazards on darkened streets without blinding oncoming motorists and cyclists.
Lights are also required to have a standlight feature, a built-in capacitor that continues to power the lights for four minutes once you stop moving. This feature ensures that you remain visible while stopped at intersections.
In most countries, cyclists are required to have a white light up front and a red light in rear. A single dynamo can power both front and rear lights. Similarly bright battery-powered lights have run-times of only 1-3 hours before they require recharging.
Is dynamo lighting bright enough?
Dynamo systems offer plenty of light and can be tailored to suit different riding styles. When choosing a dynamo lighting system, you'll need to consider both brightness and beam pattern.
Brightness is commonly described in two different units of measure: lumens and lux. While battery-powered lights are commonly rated in lumens, dynamo lights are more often rated in lux. Whereas lumens are a measure of the total amount of visible light emitted from a source, lux is a measure of the intensity of light in the usable portion of its beam pattern. This means that two lights with identical lumen ratings can have very different lux measurements, depending on how the light is focused.
Beam pattern selection will depend on how you ride. A fast rider covering a lot of ground will benefit from a bright light that projects further in front of the bike, giving ample time to react to hazards in the roadway. A rider travelling at a more leisurely pace will see the benefit of a light with nearfield reflectors, which better illuminate the area immediately in front of the bike. The night ride enthusiast will thrill at the brilliance of an unfocussed beam, evenly illuminating everything in front of the rider.
So why is dynamo lighting so rare in North America?
In many European countries, including Germany and the Netherlands, most bicycles designed for everyday use come equipped with dynamo lights. Bicycles have tabs for attaching tire-driven dynamos or come with hub dynamos right from the factory.
In North America, where recreation drives the majority of bicycle manufacturing and sales, lights are considered more of an accessory than a requirement. Your average bicycle shop will offer plenty of choices for battery-operated lights, often small and detachable, while dynamo systems may need to be special ordered. They can also be costly and require complex installation.
Dynamo lighting is gaining in popularity in North America as more people are using bicycles for transportation. Manufacturers are starting to offer standard models equipped with on-board lights. For those looking to add them to their existing bike, dynamo hub and headlight combinations can start around $120 USD before installation. However, dynamo hubs require the assembly of a full wheel (spokes and rim) and will add labor and product costs. You can expect a typical dynamo build, including hub, lights, rim, and spokes, to cost from $220 for a basic set-up to $800 or more for high-end systems.
On-board lighting also adds some weight to the bike, typically 1.5-2 pounds (680-907 grams). While you wouldn't want one on a race bike, you may want it on your winter trainer and you should certainly consider it for a daily commuter.
Why we love dynamo lighting.
The biggest advantage, from my wife's perspective as she now refuses to ride a bike at night without dynamo lighting, is that one will feel safe. It's bright, it's always there, and it requires not much thought at all. No forgetting lights because you didn't intend to be out after dark, no replacing or recharging batteries, plus an automatic on-switch.
Sealed from the elements, dynamos produce consistent and reliable lighting in all weather. A dynamo hub's typical service life is similar to that of other bicycle hubs, meaning it will last you for many years. They are recyclable as scrap metal and do not contain hazardous chemicals.
Bolted to your frame, and useless without the generator, dynamo lights are far less desirable to thieves. After your initial costs you may even save money by no longer having to purchase new lights, batteries, or pay fines for forgetting your bicycle lights.
Traditional lights are a clip-on accessory for your bike. Dynamo systems make lighting an integral part of your bicycle. Can you imagine driving a car with strapped-on or half-charged lights?
Dynamo Lights are:
Safe. Dynamo lights are powerful and highly visible.
Convenient. Always with you. Always on.
Durable. Long-lasting LEDs.
Consistent. No half-charged or lost lights.
Sustainable. Reduce your environmental impact by freeing yourself from batteries.
Secure. Much more difficult for someone to steal.
Get your FREE copy of our guide: Momentum Mag's Cargo Bike Guide Discover the wonderful world of cargo bikes! Download this comprehensive guide to learn about different cargo bike models, brands, the history of cargo bikes, buying advice, one family's experience with cargo biking, and more. Country... Country... Canada United States Other Get My FREE Guide Please select your country and provide a valid email address This is a sponsored guide. Your email address may be shared with Bike Friday. Please read our Privacy Policy Thank you for your submission. Please check your inbox to download the guide!
Momentum Mag would like to thank the generous support of Kissing Crows Cyclery for donating hours of their time building wheels and testing the product.
Image caption Barnes and Noble's Nook was launched in 2009
Microsoft has invested $300m (£185m) in a digital venture with US bookseller Barnes and Noble.
The deal could make Barnes and Noble's Nook e-book reader available to millions of new customers, integrating it with the Microsoft's new Windows 8 operating system.
The as-yet unnamed new company will be 82.4% owned by Barnes and Noble, with Microsoft getting a 17.6% stake.
It will house the bookseller's digital and college education book businesses.
Bricks and mortar
But some industry commentators believe publishers will be "terrified" at the implications of the deal.
"This deal with Microsoft could be the saviour of its digital division but won't help the bricks and mortar business," Tim Coates, managing director of Bilbary, an e-book content provider, told the BBC. "In fact it could accelerate its decline.
"Publishers will be terrified of Barnes and Noble going digital only."
Barnes and Noble did announce at the beginning of the year that it was looking at splitting off its digital business. It said it does not yet know whether it will float the new company.
End to hostilities
The Nook e-reader was launched in 2009 to compete with Amazon's Kindle, allowing users to buy, download and read digital versions of books and magazines.
Microsoft sued Barnes and Noble in March last year, alleging the Nook, which runs on the Google Android operating system, infringed its patents.
The deal would seem to indicate an end to hostilities.
Traditonal bookseller chains have been struggling to cope with the e-book revolution and some have found it difficult to compete against Amazon's distribution of cut-price physical books.
The rise of the digital-only e-books and dedicated e-readers has only compounded their problems.
Borders closed last year, leaving Barnes and Noble as the only major US book chain, with just under 700 branches. It also has 641 specialist college bookshops.
Low production cost
Sales of e-books, with their low production and distribution costs, have now oustripped sales of print titles in many cases.
According to Juniper Research, sales of handheld e-readers have leapt from below 5 million in 2009 to nearly 25 million in 2011.
Windsor Holden, Juniper's director of research, said: "We expect the value of e-reader shipments to rise from $3.5bn (£2.16bn) to $8.7bn by 2016.
"Our belief is that there will remain a substantial market for dedicated e-readers, although to reach the widest audience companies now need to make their e-reader apps available on as many devices as possible."
Amazon's Kindle service is already available as an app on the Windows 8 operating system, due to launch this autumn.
'Exciting collaboration'
The Nook's content will now be available to the growing number of people with mobile devices running Microsoft software.
"Microsoft's investment in Newco [the temporary name for the new digital and college unit], and our exciting collaboration to bring world-class digital reading technologies and content to the Windows platform and its hundreds of millions of users, will allow us to significantly expand the business," said William Lynch, chief executive of Barnes & Noble.
The Windows 8 operating system is specifically designed to work with touch screens and mobile devices like tablet computers.
Its Metro user interface can host small dedicated applications like Nook to sit on top of Windows.
"Our complementary assets will accelerate e-reading innovation across a broad range of Windows devices, enabling people to not just read stories, but to be part of them," said Andy Lees, president at Microsoft.
"We're on the cusp of a revolution in reading."
At one point during the day Barnes & Noble shares jumped 85% in early trading, reaching $25, the highest level since 2009, before falling back to end Monday 52% higher.
Microsoft shares were unchanged.
Liberals let Obama get away with unconstitutional actions The president's deplorable record on privacy and kill lists is an affront to our values. Liberals just shrug it off
Let us stipulate, as lawyers like to say, that President Obama has a deplorable record on civil liberties, one that threatens long-term damage to the country's constitutional culture.
Why, then, has his base of support not been eroded decisively? Why have so many on the left fallen silent, after railing against George W. Bush's rights violations, as Obama has prolonged and codified most of the same practices? And why have so few on the right, riding a groundswell of resentment toward big government, failed to resent the biggest governmental intrusions into personal privacy since the FBI's domestic spying during the Cold War?
Advertisement:
The facts are not in dispute. While Obama has ordered an end to CIA kidnapping and torture, he has personally approved kill lists containing the names of American citizens to be targeted by drones. While he has tried to move the accused masterminds of 9/11 and others from Guantanamo to civilian courts (only to be blocked by congressional Republicans), he has also embraced military commissions and indefinite detention. He voiced misgivings about a bill subjecting suspected terrorists to military arrest — whether foreigners or Americans, whether in Afghanistan or Alabama — and then signed it into law.
In practically every significant court case, his administration has argued for an expansive encroachment on individual rights, much as the Bush administration did. Obama's Justice Department has successfully opposed the habeas corpus petitions of Guantanamo prisoners, persuading conservative judges to rule in one case that sketchy, unverified intelligence reports must be presumed correct. This absurdity has now entered case law as an erosion of the venerable right, dating from the Magna Carta, to summon your jailer before an impartial magistrate.
The administration has continued undermining the Fourth Amendment. It argued in the Supreme Court, unsuccessfully, that law enforcement should be free to attach GPS tracking devices to vehicles without showing probable cause and getting warrants. It has vigorously used a tool that Obama denounced in the 2008 campaign: the administrative subpoenas known as National Security Letters, which are issued without warrants to acquire the library, Internet, banking and other records of individuals suspected of nothing at all. His Justice Department has invoked state secrets, as did Bush's, to deny wrongfully imprisoned and tortured victims the right to sue the government. The administration has sought broad immunity for Secret Service agents and others in law enforcement who arrest people exercising their First Amendment right to speech.
Obama's solicitor general has just made a catch-22 argument before the Supreme Court that could exempt from constitutional challenge the law that authorizes the interception of Americans' international communications without probable cause — the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, broadened in 2008 with Obama's vote as senator. Because the surveillance by the National Security Agency is secret, his administration argues, there is no way for the lawyers, journalists and rights organizations who suspect they are being monitored to prove that they are, in fact, targets of surveillance, and therefore they have no standing to sue.
These acts aren't deal-breakers for many voters, except among a small number of civil liberties advocates, such as Conor Friedersdorf of The Atlantic, whose blog “Why I Refuse to Vote for Barack Obama” deplored the left's lack of outrage. Other liberals, seeing a constellation of social and economic issues, don't want to damage Obama's re-election chances by speaking out. He'll probably get the votes of most lawyers for the ACLU, which has criticized him persistently. And his judicial nominees will be more liberal than Mitt Romney's. So there is no opportunity for principled voting. Without a civil liberties candidate with a chance to win, pragmatic balloting is unavoidable.
A symmetrical silence about Obama's rights policies afflicts Republicans. They worry that government is too big when it funds programs for the poor but not when it funds wars. It is too big when it regulates business but not when it regulates individual lives. It can decide whom people may marry, restrict women's control over their pregnancies and evade the Fourth Amendment by invading Americans' privacy. Only true libertarians seem to care.
Advertisement:
But there is more here than hypocrisy. Terrorism remains a threat, as the FBI repeatedly reminds the country with sting operations that lure hapless wannabes into dramatic plots they couldn't execute without undercover agents. Each arrest stokes the public's fear. Furthermore, rights violations are largely clandestine and invisible. Their targets are “others,” meaning foreigners, terrorists, common criminals and various people not like “us.”
Ten years after the 9/11 attacks, polling by the AP and the National Opinion Research Center found that those surveyed supported, by 65 to 21 percent, a government policy to read, without warrants, any emails to people inside the U.S. from countries known for terrorism. By 48 to 37 percent, respondents favored warrantless monitoring of U.S. citizens' Internet searches “to watch for suspicious activities,” not further defined. In other words, I'm willing to give up your rights for my security.
It's not generally understood that constitutional rights are not divisible, that those denied to others, including suspected terrorists, are also denied to “us.” For example, Ernesto Miranda of the Miranda warning, who secured our right to silence during police interrogation, was not a model citizen. He had a long record and had kidnapped and raped a mentally defective teenager. Yet his right now belongs to us all.
A certain appreciation of constitutional law is required to grasp what has happened under the Bush and Obama administrations, and neither the press nor the school system educates well on these issues. It has been widely noted that global warming went unmentioned in the presidential debates, but hardly anyone has observed that both poverty and civil liberties (and the Supreme Court) were also ignored by the candidates and moderators.
Advertisement:
It took a comedian, Jon Stewart, to raise Bush-era surveillance policies with Obama, on The Daily Show on Oct. 18. “We have modified them,” the president said. “Now, they're not real sexy issues.”
Stewart replied: “You don't know what I find sexy.”
WhatsApp 23K Shares
The town of Kairana in western Uttar Pradesh had been in news since last couple of years for the exodus of almost a thousand Hindu families. The Hindu community of Kairana was forced to leave their homes, business, properties as they were targeted by various organised gangs, run by people belonging to a ‘particular' community. The mastermind behind the exodus of Hindus from Kairana were Mukim and Furqan. The gang of Mukim was involved in loot, extortion, kidnapping, murder and a number of crimes against the Hindu community. Because of the reign of terror unleashed by the gang members, people were on an exodus.
The news coming from Uttar Pradesh is that terrorist Furqan has been encountered by the UP police today morning. Furqan suffered four bullet injuries and is critical. He was one of the deadliest terrorists in the region, who sent threatening letters and carried out extrotion, murders, kidnapping in the region. There were more than 14 cases filed against him. Furqan was the sharp-shooter of Mukim, who was running this terror module sitting inside the jail. It can well be imagined that if a terrorist was operating from inside the jail, he must have had the support of the previous UP Government. Now with change in the government, all the evil deeds of the previous government are coming to light.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath is personally taking stock of situation in Kairana and nearby area, where encounters and arrests are still continuing. According to Shri A K Jha, the Superintendent of Police (Shamli), four members of the Mukim-Furqan gang were apprehended and an encounter ensued. All four of them are critically injured. Also, more than 20 criminals related to the gang have been arrested in a joint operation conducted by police forces from Shamli and neighbouring districts of Western Uttar Pradesh, where the gang had let loose a reign of terror. Israr and Wajid were two other key conspirators who have been arrested in last one month.
As promised in election manifesto, Yogi Adityanath and his team is leaving no stone unturned to improve law and order in Uttar Pradesh. With regular arrests and encounters of criminals, the state may very soon shed its old image of a ‘goonda raaj', and move towards a peaceful state with a strong law and order situation.
Kshitij Mohan
Crepe is a type of very thin pancake, usually made from flour. It's consumption is widespread in France & Quebec. I have attempted to make savory crepes with a hearty vegetable filling for this recipe.
Since Montreal is a city in Quebec province, i got a glimpse of this dish here. It happened one fine morning. Sometime in January, my husband decided to take me out for a Montreal style vegetarian breakfast. The options were obviously very limited and it took him a while to figure out exactly where we could go.
We went to a nearby place known for its Crepes. Crepes are made both Sweet and Savory. I ordered for a spinach cheddar crepe. It was amazing. Before trying it, i had assumed it to taste like one of many Indian pancake varieties (dosa/chilla) but this was distinctively different and pleasant in taste. Very satisfying and filling, i was delighted to have found out another dish which could be added to my list of “whats for breakfast” options.
This is a savory crepe recipe power packed with loads of healthy vegetables. I found this to be one of my best solutions to hide the “not so tempting” vegetables under the magic called “Crepes” 🙂
Savory Crepes – Power packed
Savory crepes - power packed Recipe For Basic Crepes 1/2 cup milk
2/3 cup Water
2 tsp butter, melted
1 cup All purpose flour For Savory Crepes add to the basic crepe ingredients: Salt to taste
Black pepper to taste
1/3 grated carrots
1/3 cup spring onions
1 tsp ginger
1 small green chilli chopped
a few stems of coriander (optional. For an Indian touch) For Sweet Crepes add to the basic crepe ingredients (* read the tip for filling at the end of this recipe): 1 1/2 tsp Sugar
2 tsp vanilla Extract
Pinch of cinnamon powder (optional) filling for Crepe 1/3 cup cheddar cheese – shredded
1 cup feta cheese – crumbled
1 cup brocolli – roughly cut
1 cup green/red/orange bell peppers
1/2 cup mushrooms – cut lengthwise
1/3 cup tofu – cut lengthwise (optional)
1 medium onion – cut lengthwise
1 tsp olive oil
Salt to taste
Black Pepper to taste
Oregano to taste (optional) Method Making the filling In a pan, heat the oil. Now add the onions and fry till translucent. Add in the vegetables, salt and pepper and saute of high flame. Since all the vegetables require very less cooking, toss for 5 minutes and shut the flame. Remove from pan and keep aside to cool. Making the Crepe In a bowl, mix all the ingredients for the crepe and make a thin batter of pouring consistency. Now take a Skillet pan and heat it. Add a laddle full of the crepe batter and spread it on the pan in a circular manner. Add some drops of melted butter/oil and toast the crepe on both sides. Arranging for Serving Take one crepe at a time. Spread some grated Cheddar cheese on top of this hot crepe. Alternately, you can also use some cheese spread on top for an even coating. Arrange some crumbled feta cheese on one half of the crepe. Now put some filling on top of the feta cheese. Fold the crepe in half . Serve Warm.
These savory crepes are really filling and have heaps of nutrition in it making this a power packed meal.
*For sweet crepes, you can spread hazelnut spread/chocolate spread instead of cheddar cheese inside. Add in some roasted nuts and fresh fruits (strawberries/bananas). Decorate with whipped cream. This makes these crepes sinfully delicious and a great option for desserts.
22 September 2014
Jessica Ware By
Appeared in BioNews 772
The number of women in the UK being referred to breast cancer clinics doubled shortly after actress Angelina Jolie revealed she had a risk-reducing double mastectomy, a study has found.
Jolie went public in May last year about having both her breasts removed after testing positive for the BRCA1 gene mutation that increases the risk of cancer.
Her decision seems to have encouraged British women to seek out testing for risk-increasing genetic mutations; a study published in the journal Breast Cancer Research has reported a link between Jolie's revelation and a doubling of referrals for genetic testing.
Dubbed the 'Angelia Jolie Effect', clinics across the country felt the impact almost immediately. It lasted, the researchers said, until at least October of the same year, with referral rates twice as high as the same time period the year before. There were also more enquiries about risk reducing mastectomy and demand for BRCA1/2 testing almost doubled, the researchers observed.
Jolie's mother died of breast cancer, and just two weeks after the actress announced her mastectomy, her aunt also died of the disease. Having both breasts removed lowers the chance of developing breast cancer by up to 90 percent for those already at a genetic risk.
Led by Professor Gareth Evans of the charity Genesis Breast Cancer Prevention the research found that most women who had requested to be tested for the BRCA1/2 gene had a family history of breast cancer. In the UK, around one in every 1,000 women has the BRCA1 mutation.
The study also found that, from the 21 test centres monitored, there was 'no increase in inappropriate referrals'.
Professor Evans, also of St Mary's Hospital in Manchester, said: 'Angelina Jolie stating she has a BRCA1 mutation and going on to have a risk-reducing mastectomy is likely to have had a bigger impact than other celebrity announcements, possibly due to her image as a glamorous and strong woman'.
'This may have lessened patients' fears about a loss of sexual identity post-preventative surgery and encouraged those who had not previously engaged with health services to consider genetic testing'.
Although the 'Angelina Jolie Effect' had unprecedented results, this was not this first time that a celebrity had influenced public health behaviour. There was a considerable jump in women having cervical smear tests in 2008 and 2009, after Jade Goody died of cervical cancer.
Mr Lester Barr, chairman of Genesis Breast Cancer Prevention, stressed to the BBC that a double mastectomy was not the only answer: 'While a woman's risk of developing breast cancer and/or ovarian cancer is greatly increased if she carries the harmful mutation of the BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene, preventative surgery is by no means the answer for everyone.
'Of course, a preventative mastectomy is the most effective way to cut a woman's risk of breast cancer, however other options should also be considered. These include prevention drugs, such as tamoxifen, which has been approved by NICE'.
The researchers also observed that the increase in referrals followed the pre-release and final publication of NICE's guideline on familial breast cancer.
Earlier this month, a Canadian study reported on an increase in referrals to genetic counselling services at a cancer centre in Toronto after Jolie went public about with her decision (reported in BioNews 770).
Trump: We cannot and will not certify Iran nuclear deal 1:32 PM ET Fri, 13 Oct 2017 | 03:11
President Donald Trump on Friday said he will scrap the Iran nuclear deal if Congress and U.S. allies do not reach a solution under a plan his administration has put forward.
"In the event we are not able to reach a solution working with Congress and our allies, then the agreement will be terminated," Trump said. "It is under continuous review and our participation can be canceled by me, as president, at any time."
The Trump administration is expanding its efforts to contain Iran, the administration told reporters in a briefing on Thursday. Trump on Friday confirmed he will start that process by telling Congress the 2015 nuclear agreement with Tehran is no longer in America's interest.
The announcement sets in motion a high-stakes campaign to "fix" the deal.
Trump outlined the new strategy on Friday, which aims to address not just problems the administration sees in the nuclear deal but also in Iran's ballistic missile program and its role in conflicts throughout the Middle East, issues that were not addressed as part of nuclear negotiations.
The sun was bright and shimmering over the waters. A young blonde girl was sat on the rocks watching the waves roll onto the shore. She looked out at the T-shaped tower in the distance before she left. As she got up and started brushing the dirt off her hands and skirt, she noticed two figures running towards her.
"Terra!" one of the figures yelled from across the distance. Amber and Dionne, it figures they'd come looking for me.
"Hey girl! Where've you been? As soon as school let out, you just up and left in a hurry and didn't bother to say goodbye!" Amber said with a small pout.
Terra refused to meet her eyes. Dionne noticed the distance between them and continued on the other girl's behalf. "Yeah, like, I feel ya and stuff. I'm so done with highschool, but c'mon. I'd like to think we still have each other after graduation.. don't you?"
A strand of hair fell into Terra's face and she brushed it away quickly. Finally, she looked at her two friends. "Yeah.. sorry about that. I just.." she paused and looked out over the waters again. "I have a lot of stuff to take care of this summer, kinda need to hit the road and stuff."
The two girls stared at her in disbelief. "What? You mean.. you're leaving Jump City? Why..?" Amber asked, not bothering to hide the hurt in her voice.
Dionne just blinked at her, waiting for her answer. "Come on, don't act like that. It's not like I'm leaving forever and won't ever see you again. I just have things to take care of. Ya know.. before college and all that. You understand, right?" She looked at them for a moment before continuing, "Besides, I don't know what that city would do with all three of us on the loose this summer!" Terra forced a small chuckle. "You'll have tons of fun, I'm sure, even without me."
There was a moment of silence before Dionne spoke, "Well.. this summer will be a hell've'a lot more boring without'chya. We're gonna miss you." She hugged the blonde and Amber joined in after her.
"Promise we'll hear from you soon?"
"You can bet on it." Terra smiled through that lie. "I'll see you guys around, okay?" She said as she started to back away. They took the hint that it was time to go and waved goodbye before turning away. Terra let out a breath, she could have lived without dealing with that dramatic nonsense. She would have preferred to just slip away without anyone noticing. I hate goodbyes, she thought looking over at the T-tower again, they never are a good thing.
The sun was low in the sky by the time that Terra had finished changing and packing. She traded her school uniform for a more comfortable outfit, blue jean shorts and a black tanktop with her blue jacket tied around her waist. She also traded her mary jane's and knee high socks for her old brown boots. Terra looked around the room once more, I guess there's nothing left for me to do here. Nothing left for me here. She sighed and pulled her backpack straps onto her shoulders.
Despite it being late in the day, the air was still humid. Terra walked a familiar dirt road outside of town towards where she first met the Titans. Night started settling in as Terra made it to the city limits. She looked over her shoulder once more before she started again. But as she moved to take another step, she heard a sound, a footstep. Terra froze, but quickly regained composure. Placing a hand on a carving knife in her belt, she turned to her side, ready to fight off whoever or whatever lurked in the shadows.
There was nothing on these dirt roads aside from dirt. Rocky terrain covered the areas on the sides of the road as far as the eye could see. Nothing but mountains of rocks littered the terrain.
"Ah, so you did notice me following you around? I was beginning to feel a little underappreciated." The voice sounded deep but as though it were talking through a mask. Looking into the darkness, she suddenly saw a silhouette of a person near a large boulder. Terra squinted as she tried to make out who the person was. "City life just not do it for you?" The voice asked as it came closer.
In the moonlight, Terra could make out the stranger's features. A suit with a black cape and a red x on the front.. Red X! But.. Robin was Red X and that was so long ago.. Terra was thoroughly confused, staring down the man in front of her.
"Sure, it's not the most charming city in the world. I'm a bit curious what sins it committed to make someone like you leave in the middle of the night." The voice continued.
"Excuse me?"
"The reason you're leaving. I was asking-"
"I don't have to answer to you, I don't even know who you are." Terra curtly replied, cutting him off mid-sentence. I don't think it's Robin.. he would know why I don't want to live here. But even if it is, I "don't remember" who he is.
"Red-X. Nice to meet you." He stuck out his hand, but Terra did nothing but stare at it until he retreated.
A moment passed, nothing but the wind blowing filled their ears. "Can I help you?" Terra finally broke the silence, doing nothing to hide the annoyance in her voice.
"A mysterious stranger like myself can't chat up a pretty thing like you without needing help?" He asked with what sounded like a smile in his voice. "It must be the suit and the voice. I give off the suspicious bad guy vibes, huh?" Red X paused to look at her before he shrugged nonchalantly. "Look, I'm leaving this place too. I just saw you doing the same thing and it peaked my interest. Nothing more."
Terra stared at Red X in silence, unsure of what to say or what to even make of him or this interaction in general. "Nice talk. If you happen along my path again, maybe we'll have a more interesting one?" He prompted, waiting for a reply. "See ya, kid." Red X said with a wave of his hand as he started off towards the shadows.
"Terra." She spoke to the barely visible figure. She watched him pause at her sudden reply before nodding and continuing onwards into the darkness. Terra watched after the shadows long after Red X had disappeared. Finally, she shook her head to get rid of all her thoughts surrounding him and what just happened as she continued on her path with nothing but the moonlight guiding her way.
We're crossing the border. Underpants Guy ducks behind the seat. "Forgot my passport," he grins sheepishly, through his rich man's face. Border guards won't care that Underpants Guy made a stack with his popular briefs. The man knocking on the window is a physicist. He says Underpants Guy should travel with him. His car has diplomatic plates. UPG brightens. He's out of our people carrier and into his upgrade. The border guards wave him through and salute.
Cern is special. Its physicists are ambassadors. It's like a small state. Ten thousand people work there. Iranians and Israelis pursue particle dreams together. So do Belgians. It attracts pilgrims. Politicians and pop stars visit. Mick Jagger will be coming. No one knows why. Perhaps he will refer to it in a throwaway remark. Perhaps he will be shut into the accelerator and be bombarded with protons for ten years.
Astroblogger has no doubt why he's here: dark matter. He used to work on the Hubble telescope. He's seen the shadow of dark matter moving across a cluster galaxy billions of light years away. Cern may reveal dark matter close up. Dark matter is made of particles that have never been detected. Dark matter makes up 25% of the mass in the Universe. Particles we can detect make up only 4%. What makes up the rest? Dark energy. I've boned up. Astroblogger tells me my understanding is "a bit sixty".
These concepts are not complicated by Cern standards. We are entering a zone which is weaponised to boggle.
Our first glimpse of the Atlas experiment is a vast white hole, like a tube for launching aircraft carriers into the Earth. A fenced diving board overhangs the 100m drop. As you stare down, your brain spins. If, at the same time, a physicist is telling you that a photon arrives on earth at the same time as it leaves the sun because it travels at the speed of light which is the speed of time so in fact a photon can be everywhere at once, you don't know whether your vertigo is physical or mental.
The Atlas chamber itself is a subterranean cathedral of physics. It is genuinely awesome. What you see is a bit like a colossal electric motor with a horizontal spindle. The spindle is the collider tube. It is perhaps a metre wide and for most of the 27km circuit that's all it is. But here, it has had a gargantuan outburst. Twenty-five metre high electromagnets built from melted Russian warships surround the tube and fill the space from floor to ceiling.
Flat muon chambers, like graphite doors, fan out from the tube. Flurries of smaller components and webs of bundled wires spray through the gaps. Each instrument is mounted with micron precision. And because that's more wayward than a batsman in Hastings trying to hit runs off a bowler in Scarborough, everything is swept and mapped by lasers to produce a true record of its position.
The experience is rapidly so impressive you start to salute each fact. The protons will make the 27km circuit 11,000 times every second. The accelerator tube will be one of the coldest places in the universe. We are making one of the coldest places in the universe. You have to salute that with both hands.
Almost all the collision events will be lost! Of the few you can detect, you can't even record 5%. But look! Cern has built the world's fastest computer. Its data storage will consume one good laptop every twenty seconds.
Reeling, we cross to a similar chamber called the Compact Muon Solenoid. It is here that the famous "God Particle" may emerge. And it is here that they really mug me with concepts. They try to soften the blow by claiming that physicists find it difficult to visualise extra dimensions too. That's easy to say when you're packing 26 of them. They've got the maths. They can pull down extra dimensions whenever they want their equations to balance. You just have to accept them. That makes you vulnerable. Your rationality dissolves.
Then someone hits you with the seething vacuum. You think a vacuum is empty space. Quantum theory says yes - but it is also full of spontaneous eruptions of energy. This virtual energy comes from nowhere. It does and doesn't exist. You can use the bit that does, so long as you pay it back. This beats sub-prime. A physicist called Polkinghorne says the quantum vacuum is the nearest analogy to God in the physical world. Then again, the physicist who is brainwashing me in the CMS says quantum theory is "probably bollocks".
At a meal afterwards, we babble. Will the collider suck us into a black hole? There's a website where some health and safety nut has calculated that Cern could be 18 times more lethal than death. Captain Underpants sees commercial potential in the proton. He wants to start a line of cosmetics. He actually wants people to rub their faces with massive nuclear fragments. Someone proposes a nightclub that is only slightly not called the Large Hadron Collider. Underpants laughs himself off his stool.
We have been subject to a powerful charisma. Cern combines deeply mystical particle theory with a gorblimey cock-in-the-turbo Clarksonism. UPG pops up from under the table like a meerkat. "Hey - reckon I could get Modonna to fuck a proton?" To our pulverised minds all things are horribly possible.
· Chris Morris is a lapsed scientist and is currently making a comedy film about British jihadis
· This article was amended on Tuesday July 15 2008. We claimed that the LHC will be the coldest place in the universe. The super-conducting magnets are cooled to 1.9 degrees above absolute zero (1.9K or -271.3C), but some low-temperature physics experiments can achieve temperatures of one-billionth of a degree above absolute zero. This has been corrected.
Image copyright Newark and Sherwood District Council Image caption The bottle was probably made in the 1700s and used to ward off witches' evil spells
A suspected witch bottle has been unearthed by archaeologists during a dig at the site of the new Civil War Centre in Nottinghamshire.
The green bottle, which is about 15cm (5.9in) tall, was probably used in the 1700s to ward off evil spells cast by witches, researchers believe.
The witch bottles were usually filled with fingernails, hair and even urine.
The relic was found during a project to restore the Old Magnus Building for use as a museum and visitor centre.
'Malign forces'
Archaeologist Will Munford, from Pre-construct Archaeological Services of Lincoln, said: "Finding this very fragile bottle in one piece supports the idea that it was carefully placed in the ground.
"Perhaps it was buried during the construction of the Georgian part of the Old Magnus Building, but we can't be certain.
"It is the first time we have encountered a suspected witch bottle, but we did find a probable witching shoe - which had a similar purpose - in Worlaby, Lincolnshire.
"We often forget that people were very superstitious - it was part of their everyday lives.
"They thought that secreting such personal objects would offer protection from malign forces."
Witch bottle
Image copyright Thinkstock
A witch bottle was found in the foundations of a house in Navenby in Lincolnshire in 2005
Such bottles often contained pins, fingernails or urine and were used to ward off evil spirits
The bottles were usually made of stoneware or glass but sometimes old inkwells or candlesticks were used
The most famous witch trials in Britain took place at North Berwick, in Scotland, in 1591 and Pendle, Lancashire, in 1612
As many as 300 people were executed for witchcraft in eastern England between 1644 and 46. The laws against witchcraft were repealed almost a century later, in 1736.
Old Magnus Building project manager Bryony Robins, from Newark and Sherwood District Council, said the bottle would be displayed at the National Civil War Centre when it opened in 2015.
"It's a fascinating object and part of the history of Newark. If it is a witching bottle, it tells us a great deal about how people once viewed the world," she said.
In a very nice response to my post on Schizoanalysis and Psychoanalysis, Ian writes,
Point taken, I hope my response was not taken too strongly, perhaps my wording of it was poor. I agree with you that portraying lack as simply a production of the analyst is inadequate and the remarks on fascism in Anti-Oedipus would seem to suggest that Deleuze and Guattari would agree. But I can't help but wonder, and this is a personal thought, that the absence of any real mechanical discussion concerning the production of castrated subjects is not a low-point on the part of Deleuze and Guattari, but is rather their resistance towards any kind of metapsychology. No doubt they play some favor towards a kind of transcendental field, but, at least in Anti-Oedipus, I'm not as convinced that this transcendental field exists apart from the social field in any defined sense; the transcendental field (say, the body-without-organs) does not transcend the social field created from it. I would be very skeptical towards the idea that Deleuze and Guattari are after some kind of reinvigorated Plato or Kant. That said, and possibly this is in part due to personal bias, I don't see it as any fault of Deleuze and Guattari that this metapsychology is not accounted for; I think it rather a strength. Much of Guattari's “clinical” work is based around stripping from analysis any kind of metapsychology that would give instruction as to the manner within which affirmative desires are coded into repressive desires, instead being concerned with how to provide an arena for the expressions of desire as political action. I would guess (and this is always dangerous) that Deleuze and Guattari would hastily resist any kind of metapsychology of this process or interaction between analysand and analyst, as if to finally diagnose the real problem. Thus my question, do you think the metapsychology or ‘transcendental analysis' you are looking for can contain the intersection between Deleuze and Guattari and Lacan that you wrote about, or might it, rather, “cross out” the ‘avec' between schizoanalysis and psychoanalysis? Could this transcendental analysis of the creation of castrated subjects in fact be a recoding attempting to produce a universal trajectory for a process that has formally the same outcome, but might always take place in highly “individualized,” contextualized means? Despite this all, I think you're on to something and my personal biases towards the aims of the book shouldn't detract from admitting its shortcomings. Even suggesting that castration could be intimately contextual still sidesteps the question of the mechanics of that production. Very interested in your thoughts.
I suppose, for the sake of clarity, I should explain just what I mean by the transcendental, just so it's clear that we're talk about the same thing. The great enemy of Deleuze's thought, of course, was the transcendent. In his earliest work, this can be seen in his critique of anything resembling Platonic form or unchanging essences, but also of his critique of the self-identical subject as in the case of Descartes' cogito. Deleuze's thought begins from the position that, on the one hand, all being is becoming and therefore is the result of a production or a process of individuation. In Difference and Repetition he will perpetually emphasize that individuation is not the individual insofar as individuation is the differential process by which the individual is produced. Likewise, he will staunchly oppose any position that begins from an unchanging identity whether in the form of the subject or God, as well as any position that posits invariant and ahistorical forms. Deleuze is, above all, a process philosopher.
However, the transcendental is not the transcendent. Rather, the transcendental, following Kant, refers to a set of conditions thoroughly immanent to being. While it is certainly the case that Kant is one of Deleuze's philosophical enemies, there is nonetheless a deep Kantian inspiration or influence in Deleuze's thought. However, Deleuze radicalizes or transforms the Kantian position in three ways: First, where Kant's transcendental merely conditions the field of sensibility, imposing a priori (and invariant) forms on the matter of sensation, Deleuze's transcendental conditions are genetic conditions. As Deleuze will emphasize endlessly, the virtual or transcendental, unlike Kant's transcendental, does not resemble the actual, but instead as a set of genetic potentials that produces something entirely new in the course of being actualized. Deleuze will take Kant and many other transcendental philosophers to task for “tracing the transcendental from the empirical”, which amounts to both a circular argument (the conditions are supposed to account for the conditioned, yet we arrive at the condition by tracing them from the conditioned), and to arriving at the transcendental based on its resemblance to the actual or the condition. Thus we get a strange sort of operation where we begin with the actualized object of experience, trace its abstract form from this object, and then treat this abstract form as an a priori, invariant, ahistorical necessity, effectively covering over any process of production, becoming, or genesis and treating philosophy as an apologetics for the status quo. Only a genetic account of the relation between the transcendental and the field of material being can, according to Deleuze, break out of this vicious circle. In this connection, the transcendental will share no resemblance to individuated entities.
Second, where Kant locks the transcendental or condition in a transcendental subject (the ultimate form of identity), Deleuze instead theorizes the existence of a transcendental field where, as you rightly point out, subjects are actualized, individuated, or produced, rather than presiding over actualization emerging from subject's as in the case of Kant. The transcendental field is something anterior to the subject and far more extensive than the domain of the subject. If, as Meillassoux argues in After Finitude, correlationism is intrinsically tied to a subject of some sort such that the world would not exist were there not a subject, Deleuze's transcendental fields would exist regardless of whether there were any humans or living entities. Finally third, and in a closely related vein, Deleuze's transcendental genetic conditions (the virtual) are not a product of mind, but rather belong to being or existence itself (I develop this thesis in greater detail in my forthcoming article “Deleuze's Transcendental Empiricism: Notes Towards a Transcendental Materialism” in Thinking Between Deleuze and Kant: A Strange Encounter with Continuum, edited by Edward Willat and Matt Lee). You can find a more thorough development of Deleuze's transcendental field and the difference between the transcendent and the transcendental in my book Difference and Givenness: Deleuze's Transcendental Empiricism and the Ontology of Immanence, Northwestern University Press.
An excellent example of the necessity of the transcendental and the transcendental field can be found in Deleuze's essay on Masoch and Sade, Coldness and Cruelty. There, Deleuze, like Lacan (Lacan actually praises this book as the finest study of sadism and masochism yet to be written in seminar 13 or 14), rigorously argues against the thesis that the sadist and the masochist are complementary, such that the perfect partner for any masochist is the sadist and the perfect partner for any sadist is a masochist. Deleuze skillfully demonstrates that sadism and masochism are completely different assemblages and have entirely different geneses through which they are actualized. However, here's the key point: So long as we remain at the level of actualized entities– at the level of what Deleuze had referred to as “species, parts, and qualities” in Difference and Repetition –this is impossible to see or understand. When we look at the sadist and masochist we will note that the one likes giving pain and the other likes receiving it (empiricist positivism), and will therefore conclude that the structure of the two is complementary. Based on their spatialized resemblances to one another– that they both appear to belong to the common species “human” –we will assume they belong to the same relational network, embody the same singularities, and embody the same differential relations. It is only when we reach the dimension of the virtual or transcendental field, the dimension of singularities (potentials) and their differential relations, that we can begin to discern that these two forms of life and desire are entirely different assemblages with very different organizations that are in no way complementary.
If beginning with the actualized entities leads to this impasse, then this is because, as Deleuze had carefully argued in chapter 4 of Difference and Repetition (and elsewhere), difference erases or veils itself in the process of being actualized, such that we're left with species, parts, and qualities (the end results of the process of indi-different/ciation), rather than the process of individuation or differentiation through which these elements are formed. Another way of putting this would be to say that we fall into spatialized difference or multiplicities, where everything resembles everything else. Deleuze consistently charges Kant (as well as a number of the phenomenologists), with tracing the transcendental from the empirical and then finding resemblances where there are none. Only the virtual, he argues, can save us from this fate. What is revealed in his study of Sacher-Masoch and Sade is that the two occupy entirely different topological spaces. This is part, I think, of what interests Deleuze in Francis Bacon in texts like The Logic of Sensation. It could be said that Bacon attempts to directly paint the virtual field of forces and singularities rather than the empirical objects among which we dwell.
With these caveats in mind, I would argue that Deleuze and Guattari's Deleuze's three synthesis– the syntheses of connection, disjunction, and conjunction –constitute the beginnings of a transcendental analysis. Indeed, these syntheses Kant's three syntheses of apprehension, reproduction, and recognition in the “A” edition of the Deduction in the Critique of Pure Reason, however, beginning from difference rather than identity. Moreover, where Kant's syntheses pertain to operations of the mind, Deleuze and Guattari's three syntheses belong to being as such. It is on the ground of these distinctions that Deleuze and Guattari are able to unfold their critique in the five paralogisms, for each of these paralogisms pertains to an illicit tracing of the transcendental from the empirical, where fully actualized objects are projected back into the machinic unconscious as forms. Deleuze and Guattari, by contrast, will show how desiring-machines only operate on partial objects, not fully formed persons, thereby undercutting a number of claims from orthodox psychoanalysis. In this regard, Deleuze and Guattari enact their own “return to Freud”, though one which certainly transforms Freud. As Freud had argued, the unconscious knows no negation, contradiction, opposition, or objects, but instead only knows connections and productions. This was the surprising result he had already attained in his early unpublished Project essay, where the functioning of the primary process becomes unmoored from any sort of representational realism or instinctual and natural relation to sexuality. Yet somehow all of these falls apart with the introduction of the Oedipus where, instead of relating to partial objects and flows, the primary attachment becomes an attachment to fully formed objects (the father, mother, brother, sister, etc.). Nonetheless, Deleuze and Guattari do not give much in the way of an analysis of just how these paralogisms are possible from the standpoint of active and affirmative desire. Here we would need to look to Nietzsche and Philosophy, as well as, I believe, the work of Lacan. We can thus think of the relationship between schizoanalysis and Lacanian psychoanalysis as being like two sides of a severed egg. The latter explores the domain of the actual and all of its illusions, coupled with their genesis and strategies for escaping these sad passions premised on an installed lack and castration (for Lacan it was always a question of moving beyond these things as I argue in my post on the Borromean knots), whereas Deleuze and Guattari explore the productive realm of the unconscious and its desiring-machines perpetually manufacturing the real.
Advertisements
Defensive end flagged for helmet-to-helmet hit on Bears quarterback, who suffered concussion on play
Detroit Lions defensive end Ezekiel Ansah. (Photo: Rick Osentoski, Associated Press)
Detroit Lions defensive end Ziggy Ansah was fined $22,050 for a helmet-to-helmet hit on Chicago Bears quarterback Jimmy Clausen last week.
The hit occurred late in the fourth quarter on the Bears' final drive of the game, when Ansah hit Clausen in the head as he slid after a 2-yard gain.
Clausen suffered a concussion on the play, but stayed in the game and threw a game-ending interception four plays later. He will not play this week.
Lions center Dominic Raiola was suspended one game earlier this week for stomping on the ankle of Bears defensive tackle Ego Ferguson in that game.
Raiola, who will miss Sunday's NFC North showdown against the Green Bay Packers, will lose one game check, or about $73,000, while sitting out this weekend.
Contact Dave Birkett: dbirkett@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @davebirkett.
GALWAY—As the island of Ireland braced itself for its first category 3 hurricane in history, the country was dealt a further blow Sunday night as US President Donald Trump pledged to visit “as soon as possible”.
“I shall be visiting Ireland very shortly,” were the chilling words heard by up to 5 million Irish citizens, who responded to Trump on social media by reassuring him they were “absolutely grand” and currently have all the paper towels they need.
“Hurricane Ophelia we're more than prepared for,” Irish President Michael D. Higgins told CNN, “but a visit from President Trump is just the last thing we need right now.”
Ireland's last hurricane was in 1961 and President Higgins admitted the country could ill afford another one, for fear it may attract Trump again.
“Maybe in the US where this type of thing happens all the time, but here, we're just not equipped for someone like him. We just don't have the infrastructure.”
At press time, it remains unconfirmed whether or not Trump realises Ireland is not part of the United States.
Follow Burrard Street Ireland on Facebook for more Irish news or the BSJ on Facebook and Twitter for all the rest.
A common belief among City fans in recent years is that Pablo Zabaleta could retire at the club. A stalwart at right-back for years now, Zaba has been labelled City's version of Javier Zanetti, an iconic figure who could be around forever. But a combination of injuries and deteriorating form have suddenly brought that into question, especially given Sagna's outstanding form this season.
Now TMW in Italy claim to have exclusive information that Zaba is a ‘concrete target' for Roberto Mancini's Inter next summer.
They report that contact was made with Zabaleta's representatives before Christmas with a promise made to talk more in the coming months. The Argentine will NOT leave City in January, that much is certain, but Pep Guardiola's expected arrival in June means Zaba could be a potential departure as part of a makeover of our ageing full-back positions.
TMW also points out that Mancini and Zabaleta have a ‘great personal relationship' and that could help pry him away from City, the club he has grown to love so much.
I wish to thank Ambassador Power for inviting my organization, Médecins Sans Frontières, to address this gathering of nations who can help my people, my country, and my region.
I am honored to represent MSF. We welcome President Obama's Ebola response plan and hope for its immediate implementation. We also call upon all member states of the United Nations to similarly mobilize their capacities. With every day that passes, the epidemic spreads and destroys more lives.
I first heard about cases of Ebola in March. Soon after, the disease came here to Monrovia. From then on, people began dying.
My niece, Francila Kollie, and my cousin, Jounpu Lowea, both nurses, became infected at work. While they were able to receive treatment, they died in late July. So many of my close friends, university classmates, and colleagues have also died in recent months.
Since I have a medical background, I felt it was my responsibility to help my country.
I am a team leader in MSF's treatment center in Monrovia. I have worked in the triage, assessing patients prior to admission, in the suspected cases tent, and with patients confirmed to have Ebola. Because there is no cure, we provide supportive care to patients, in the form of food, hydration, and basic treatment of symptoms. If treated early enough, their chances of survival are much better.
I cannot stand aside and watch my people die. But I, along with my colleagues here, cannot fight Ebola alone.
You, the international community, must help us.
I wish to illustrate the battle we face.
We have seen so many patients die. And they die alone, terrified, and without their loved ones at their side. As a medic, one must have a different way of coping. When I go inside the treatment center, I keep my focus on what the patients need. We try to attend first to those who are weaker, those who need more help to eat and drink, or those who need to speak to one of our counselors because they are so traumatized and frightened.
We are trying to treat as many people as we can, but there are not nearly enough treatment centers and patient beds. We have to turn people away. And they are dying at our front door.
Right now, as I speak, people are sitting at the gates of our centers, literally begging for their lives. They rightly feel alone, neglected, denied – left to die a horrible, undignified death.
We are failing the sick because there is not enough help on the ground. And we are failing those who will inevitably become infected, because we cannot care properly for the sick in safe, protected environments and prevent the spread of the virus.
One day this week, I sat outside the treatment center eating my lunch. I saw a boy approach the gate. A week ago his father died from Ebola. I could see that his mouth was red with blood. We had no space for him. When he turned away to walk into town, I thought to myself that this boy is going to take a taxi, and he is going to go home to his family, and he will infect them.
On my night shift this week, I saw a patient who had driven for around 12 hours in an ambulance because there was no other treatment center.
We urgently need to get the disease under control, and we need your help.
We need what is referred to as contact tracing, to follow up every person who has been in contact with someone who is sick with Ebola or has died from the virus. We need to raise awareness about this disease, because there has been so much denial, even now, and despite the international attention.
We need more care centers, so that everyone can find a bed and not have to stay at home and risk infecting their families. We need to get our medical staff trained in proper procedures so they can keep the centers running. We also need to get health services running, and to make sure that it is safe for health staff to go to work. We have seen too many health workers and ambulance drivers come into our centers as patients, facing the same fate.
So please send your helicopters, your centers, your beds, and your expert personnel. But know that we also need the basics. There are still homes in Monrovia that do not have soap, water, and buckets. Even these simple things could help curb the spread of the virus.
Ebola has affected every aspect of our lives. Schools and universities have shut down, along with civil services.
I feel that the future of my country is hanging in the balance.
My wife works at JFK Hospital here in Monrovia. We are educating our children to protect themselves so that they will survive. As children of health workers, they can be an example to their peers.
I also ask you to be an example to your peers, as nations with the resources, assets, and skills required to stop this catastrophe.
We do not have the capacity to respond to this crisis on its own. If the international community does not stand up, we will be wiped out.
We need your help. We need it now.
Thank you.
Availar in front of the European Championship 2014 prize
E-Frag recently hosted the King of Majors tournament, an event that received criticism both for laggy streams and because Josuah ”Steel” Nissan appeared as a caster.
Now the organization is looking forward to its next project – crowd funding the World Championship in CS:GO.
– I learned a lot of valuable lessons during Kings of Majors and will use them to better the production of our next event, Mohamed ”Availer” Zardab tells Aftonbladet Esport.
The E-frag producer Mohamed ”Availer” Zardab is most recently known for casting and organizing the successful Kings of Majors-tournament that took place in February. But events like these rarely come without issues, and this one was no exception.
”Had a lot of issues the first day”
On the first day of the tournament E-Frag and HitboxTV was the target of several DDOS-attacks and a lot of viewers missed matches. E-Frag also received a lot of critiques when Joshua ”Steel” Nissan appeared in the production crew as a caster.
– On the first day we had a lot of issues, and the tournament appeared in bad light. But we resolved all the issues and removed Steel from the production crew, then we started to receive a lot of positive response, Mohamed says.
The huge success of the Kings of Majors-tournament, they peaked at 123 000 concurrent viewers, came as a surprise and Zardab now wants to organize the tournament again.
– We want to make this a yearly thing, Kings of Majors will be back for sure.
”The World Championship will be crowded funded”
At the end of 2014, during the European CS:GO Championship, E-Frag announced that they will host a World Championship tournament. A team captain from each participating country have been given the task to build a national team. Zardab now says that they will let the community fund the event's prize pool. The plan is to sell merchandise, Zardab mentions key rings as an example, and put all the profits straight into the tournament prize pool. There will be a set amount of money provided by E-Frag, but the rest is up to the community.
– The World Championship in CS:GO will be crowded funded. We always try to come up with unique ways to organize tournaments and this time we wanted to test this new interesting concept that has not been visited before, Mohamed ”Availer” Zardab says.
More details about the tournament are yet to be announced, but E-Frag aims for a prize pool that will ”contest with the majors.”
To our dear and darling readers!
Hello again, gang! Brennan here! As the poet Robert Burns once said, “the best laid schemes o' mice an' men gang aft agley,” and sadly, our schemes at SFP have gang all the way agley this time. We're sorry to say we don't have any more comic for you today. Molly and Brennan want to make this final chapter of the story everything it can be, and carving out the time to get it just right has been trickier than we expected. Molly is busy writing for the awesome animated show Owl House, and getting ready for The Hidden Witch, her amazing sequel to The Witch Boy, to drop on October 30th. Brennan is now a full-time cast member and writer for College Humor, and has a rad show called Dimension 20 dropping this Wednesday on Dropout. Between all these projects, we just haven't been able to find the time to produce a final chapter worthy of our amazing readers, so rather than rushing or cutting corners, we would rather go on a longer term hiatus until we can wrap up this story in the way you all deserve. Our amazing community of readers has supported this comic for the past seven years (Holy Moly! Seven years!) and your generosity, enthusiasm and kindness have been gifts for which we cannot begin to express our gratitude. So thank you, both for your readership, and for bearing with us while we get things just right. Our intention is to start back up this winter, and we will absolutely keep you all updated both here on the website, and on our social media (@MollyOstertag and @BrennanLM on Twitter) when it looks like we're ready to jump back in with regular updates.
Thank you all, from the bottom of our hearts!
— Brennan & Molly
It's official: More divisive than abortion
Climate Progress
According to recent polling data from the Carsey Institute in the United States, climate change has become the most polarising political issue of our time.
Survey researcher Lawrence Hamilton polled 568 New Hampshire residents and found that Democrats and Republicans disagree most on climate change – moreso than on abortion, gun control, the death penalty, or evolution. Specifically, 83 per cent of Democrats acknowledge that humans are contributing to global warming, while only 36 per cent of non-Tea Party Republicans believe the same. Tea Party Republicans are even worse on the issue, with only 23 per cent agreeing with the overwhelming scientific consensus on climate change.
[wysiwyg_field wf_deltas="0" wf_entity_vid="1216061" wf_field="field_wysiwyg_media" wf_formatter="aibm_ui_media_output" wf_settings-style="full_width" wf_cache="1402900148" wf_entity_id="831476" wf_entity_type="node"]
The findings, Hamilton wrote, represent “a changing political landscape in which scientific ideas and information that are accepted by most scientists are, nevertheless, highly controversial among the general public.”
But even when it comes to belief of scientific information, Republicans still have a harder time coming to terms with climate science than other environmental science issues. According to the poll, 60 per cent of traditional Republicans say they trust scientists on the environment, though only 36 per cent acknowledge climate change. Tea Party Republicans are a little more consistent, with 28 per cent claiming they trust scientists on environmental issues – a staggering amount of distrust, but much closer to their 23 per cent on climate change.
[wysiwyg_field wf_deltas="1" wf_entity_vid="1216061" wf_field="field_wysiwyg_media" wf_formatter="aibm_ui_media_output" wf_settings-style="full_width" wf_cache="1402900148" wf_entity_id="831476" wf_entity_type="node"]
So why, besides political party, would there be such staggering divisiveness on environmental science and climate? According to the poll, it could be related to news media. In addition to polling on beliefs, Hamilton also collected information about the type of news people consume on a daily basis, and found that those who listen to New Hampshire public radio place higher trust in scientists and have a greater acceptance of climate science. NHPR's news coverage is often built around one-on-one conversations with scientists, the report said.
“Hearing from scientists directly heightens public awareness of what scientists do, what they know, and particularly how they know it,” Hamilton wrote.
Though the poll only looked at local media, the results do suggest that people who consume less science-based news will be more likely to dismiss or distrust science. Unfortunately, climate change news on a national scale has been dominated by political talking heads, which has the effect of misleading viewers as to what the actual scientific community thinks about the issue.
Originally published by Climate Progress. Reproduced with permission.
Setting the agenda for Australia's $150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set. Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo's CEO, Danny Celoni, Jayne Hrdlicka, CEO of A2 Milk Company, Barry Irvin, Executive Chairman, Bega Cheese and Costco's Managing Director, Patrick Noone. Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now
It's time to stop pointing and laughing at the Republican primary. For all the GOP front-runner's flaws, many veteran Democrats are beginning to conclude, Donald Trump is a canny operator who just might end up in the White House if they're not careful.
He appears to be cracking the code with white working-class voters who could help him put blue Rust Belt states in play against Hillary Clinton. He's helping to fuel record turnout in GOP primaries and he's mastered the media like no candidate in recent memory, with his constant feeding of catnip to cable TV and his 140-character missiles on Twitter.
Story Continued Below
“It's fair to say there's been a graveyard already out there of people underestimating him,” said Doug Sosnik, a former Bill Clinton White House adviser. “And I am old enough to remember the sort of Democratic intelligentsia that was hoping Ronald Reagan would be nominated by Republicans in 1980 because everyone knew he was a doddering old right winger who could never get elected president.”
“So there is some danger to underestimating his candidacy,” Sosnik said. "Having said that, I have enough confidence in the judgment of the American people to never elect someone like Donald Trump president of the United States."
Tracy Sefl, a Democratic consultant who was a senior adviser for Ready for Hillary, said Trump was the most dangerous Republican candidate to come out of the primary because he's “unpredictable, shameless, unapologetic” — and utilizes a non-strategy strategy that has so far worked for him.
“He doesn't do defense. He's immune to any sort of fundamentals of campaigning. He's just doing it his way,” she said.
It's a mistake to dismiss Trump's appeal against Hillary Clinton, other Democrats have concluded, especially as he continues to roll up wins across the map on his march to the Republican nomination.
“I think Trump could beat her like a tied-up billy goat,” said Mudcat Saunders, a rural Democratic strategist who's supporting Bernie Sanders. “There are many areas in key swing states like Virginia, North Carolina, Ohio, and Pennsylvania that look like Sherman went through and didn't burn anything. Empty factories, empty buildings, few opportunities for young people. It's sad. It should be no surprise to anybody that voters in those areas are gravitating to Trump.”
While most Democrats continue to view their party's front-runner as the favorite to win — including for the simple reason that they believe it's easier for many voters to picture Clinton in charge of the nuclear codes — there's still a nagging fear that Trump might prove more competitive in some areas than anyone could have imagined.
“I think that's a likely possibility: that Hillary Clinton could beat Donald Trump by an unheard of margin, nationally, of 6 to 10 points,” President Obama's 2008 campaign manager David Plouffe recently told Glenn Thrush's “Off Message” podcast. “But if that's not the case and he's competitive, where he'll be competitive is in the Upper Midwest, in the Ohios, the Wisconsins, maybe Pennsylvanias of the world — maybe Iowa and Minnesota even, potentially.”
Losing any of those states would force the Democratic nominee to scramble to fill in the gaps in the 2016 map.
“You look at Wisconsin, you look at Ohio ... You go up to Appleton, the Paper Valley, Green Bay, where we've lost a lot of paper manufacturing jobs — the modern economy is still catching up in Wisconsin,” said former Wisconsin Democratic state party chairman Mike Tate. “It's tough, and I do worry that Trump has some sort of appeal.”
The combination of historic political disruption and widespread feelings of economic insecurity worry those who see signs that Trump is harnessing powerful undercurrents.
Mary Kay Henry, president of the 2.1-million strong Service Employees International Union, told David Axelrod's “Axe Files” podcast recently that Trump is “touching this vein of the terrible anxiety that working-class people feel about their current status, but more importantly, how terrified they are for their kids not being able to do as well as they have, never mind doing better.”
Some hard-hit areas may be especially receptive to Trump's message.
“Any place that has had manufacturing job declines, they're very sensitive to immigration, they're very sensitive to policies that they believe favor corporations and not them,” said Chicago Democratic operative Tom Bowen, a Rahm Emanuel political alum. “I do wonder if there's some level of white voter that hasn't come out in the past, a guy like Romney they thought was outsourcing their job, whereas a guy like Trump, they might actually believe that he'll slap tariffs on Chinese imports and Mexican imports.”
The prospect that Trump might turn out new voters who are highly motivated and not on anyone's radar can't be ignored, said Doug Rubin, a Democratic strategist who's advised Sen. Elizabeth Warren.
"One thing that scares me the most about Trump is the fact that every one of these Republican primaries to date has record turnout. And I think a large part of that, though not all of that, but a large part of that is that Trump is bringing out people who don't normally vote, and adding to the Republican mix on those things and so I worry that in the general election along with the traditional Republican voters that he has the opportunity to bring out a chunk of voters that don't normally vote in those elections and in some elections that could tip the scales,” he said.
Former John Kerry adviser Bob Shrum also pointed to Trump's ability to generate enthusiasm — and loyalty — among low-propensity and non-ideological voters.
“He's speaking to a group of people for whom conservatism is not a set of principles and programs, but a collection of grievances, alienations and angers,” he said. “And he expresses that and they're not going to leave him unless he does something really atrocious.”
But Shrum cautioned that he doesn't think Trump can get the share of the white vote high enough to overcome what will be a solid minority vote against him.
“It will make Romney look like the king of Cinco de Mayo,” he said.
Democratic pollster Stan Greenberg, who this week released a report on "The GOP Civil War and Its Opportunities," said one important general election advantage Trump would have is that he's seen as wanting to “throw out the money” in politics. And the image that he cultivates as a candidate who isn't beholden to anybody lets him speak to voters who may be bothered by Clinton's ties to Wall Street or her refusal to release her Goldman Sachs speech transcripts.
“We have a tendency to underestimate non-traditional candidates,” said a Democratic strategist who does work for the DNC but not the Clinton campaign. “Jesse Ventura got elected governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger got elected governor. These were non-political figures that had a resonant political message at a certain time in history and they found an audience.”
Daniel Strauss contributed.
Read Politico Playbook: www.politico.com/playbook
Subscribe to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX
Get West London understands that Fulham have agreed a deal with Celta Vigo over the sale of midfielder Jozabed.
The Whites signed the midfielder from Rayo Vallecano in the summer of 2016 but he found the going tough at Craven Cottage making just seven league appearances for the club.
Jozabed failed to make an appearance since October last year and the club felt it was time for him to move on.
He was allowed to join Celta Vigo on a loan deal in January and the Spanish side have been keen to make a move permanent, although baulked at the original asking price.
However, the Whites have now accepted an offer in the region of £4.5 million.
It has been a busy day on the transfer front at Craven Cottage with Tom Cairney signing a new deal and the White clinching their first summer signing as Marcelo Djalo completed his transfer to the club.
Calgary Police have charged a youth in connection with the death of a woman over the weekend.
Officers in Albert Park discovered the body Saturday after a neighbour called them, concerned about her welfare.
It happened in the 2800 block of 14th Ave S.E.
The woman was found in a secondary suite and is believed to be 49 years old.
An investigator from the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner attended and ruled the death was deemed suspicious.
The 16-year-old man was arrested Sunday without incident.
He cannot be named under the Youth Criminal Justice Act.
Police did say the two knew each other and the homicide is not believed to be random.
Investigators are not releasing the relationship between the suspect and victim nor will they release the identity of the 49-year-old killed.
A new firearm that Los Angeles law enforcement can't seem to figure out how to use is causing a rise in accidental firings, including a sheriff's deputy shooting himself in the leg.
The new weapon lacks a safety lever and takes less pressure to pull the trigger, leading to deputies firing in bathroom stalls, shooting through walls, and endangering any bystander who happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.
© AP Photo / Raquel Maria Dillon, File LAPD Probe Finds Los Angeles Cop in Ezell Ford Shooting Acted Improperly
The number of accidental discharges has more than doubled since 2012, when the LA County Sheriff's Department introduced the Smith and Wesson M&P, from 12 in 2012- none of which involved the M&P — to 18 in 2013, eight of which involved the M&P, and 30 in 2014, 22 of which included the M&P. Officials from the Sheriff's Department blame the jump on deputies adjusting to the new fatal weapon.
In an attempt to lower the number, deputies are now required to pass four marksman tests per year instead of three, as well as attend a course to prevent them from using what they learned on their Berettas.
With that firearm, deputies were trained to rest their finger on the trigger as soon as they pulled out the weapon, but with the M&P the officers must rest their finger on the side of the gun until they are ready to use it. Old habits have proven to be hard to break.
The introduction of the dangerous glock came about partly because of a lawsuit filed by women who had failed the firearms test and therefore the Sheriff's Academy program. The M&P is a better fit for people with smaller hands than the Beretta 92F that the department used for two decades.
Unfortunately, it is too easy to fire for even the tiniest of hands, as one LAPD officer became paralyzed after his three year old son shot him with the weapon.
Across the country, the NYPD has also faced problems with the ease of shooting. A rookie NYPD cop is currently facing charges of negligent homicide after accidentally shooting 28-year-old Akai Gurley with the M&P.
Still, the LA Sheriff's Department attributes the fact that more women are making it through the academy partly to the M&P. Previously, 6.4% of women were failing the firearms testing, and now that number has dropped to less than 1%.
Seems like it's time for Los Angeles County to come up with a better solution for leveling the playing field, while not endangering everyone around them.
November 09, 2017
Prometheus was designed for dynamic environments like Kubernetes. Its powerful service discovery and query language allows you to answer all kind of questions that come up while operating a Kubernetes cluster.
This flexibility comes with a somewhat steeper learning curve than some alternatives and hosted services, with Vector Matching being one of the more advanced topics.
I'm not going into the details which the excellent Prometheus Documentation has already covered but walk you through some useful queries to get resource utilization in a Kubernetes cluster.
Aggregated memory usage per label
Kubernetes provides a container_memory_usage_bytes metric reflecting each pods memory usage, e.g:
Unfortunately it doesn't contain the pod labels. For that there is the kube_pod_labels though which includes a static timeseries with all labels and the pod name. This metric is provided by kube-state-metrics.
We can use it to look up the labels for the pod from the timeseries ( pod_name="latency-api-971504058-jzs5h" ):
kube_pod_labels{instance="10.116.0.12:8080",job="kubernetes-service-endpoints",k8s_app="kube-state-metrics",kubernetes_name="kube-state-metrics",kubernetes_namespace="kube-system",label_app="latency-api",label_pod_template_hash="971504058",namespace="default",pod="latency-api-971504058-jzs5h"} 1 kube_pod_labels{instance="10.116.1.26:8080",job="kubernetes-service-endpoints",k8s_app="kube-state-metrics",kubernetes_name="kube-state-metrics",kubernetes_namespace="kube-system",label_app="latency-api",label_pod_template_hash="971504058",namespace="default",pod="latency-api-971504058-jzs5h"} 1
Both metrics can be merged by using vector matching. We get this metric twice because there are two instances of kube-state-metrics running. So before we continue further, we aggregate both. Since they should be identical, we can use min/max to aggregate. Since we later want to aggregate on label_app , we need to keep that label. We also need to keep the pod label to join both metrics on. We can preserve them by specifying them in the BY clause. Since the pod label is called pod in kube_pod_labels but pod_name in container_memory_usage_bytes , we need to also use label_replace to rename the label. This gives us:
max by (pod_name,label_app) ( label_replace(kube_pod_labels{label_app!=""},"pod_name","$1","pod","(.*)") )
Which returns something like:
... {label_app="latency-api",pod_name="latency-api-971504058-n8k6d"} 1 {label_app="latency-api",pod_name="latency-api-971504058-jzs5h"} 1 ...
Now we can use vector matching to join container_memory_usage_bytes with the result of our expression. We use the * operator which effectivly is a no-op since it will multiply the memory usage by the matched timeseries value in kube_pod_labels which is always 1.
We need to specify group_left because there are multiple container_memory_usage_bytes timeseries for each pod, one for each container. Since we want to preserve the label_app label, we specify it as argument to group_left .
This gives us:
container_memory_usage_bytes * on (pod_name) group_left(label_app) max by (pod_name,label_app) ( label_replace(kube_pod_labels{label_app!=""},"pod_name","$1","pod","(.*)") )
To aggregate the memory usage of all your pods, summed by a k8s-app label you can use the following expression:
sum by (label_app,namespace) ( container_memory_usage_bytes * on (pod_name) group_left(label_app) max by (pod_name,label_app) ( label_replace(kube_pod_labels{label_app!=""},"pod_name","$1","pod","(.*)") ) )
CPU and IO usage per label
Now that we know how to join the kube_pod_labels metric with cadvisor metrics, we can figure out usage of other resources too.
CPU
sum by (label_app,namespace) ( rate(container_cpu_usage_seconds_total[2m]) * on (pod_name) group_left(label_app) max by (pod_name,label_app) ( label_replace(kube_pod_labels{label_app!=""},"pod_name","$1","pod","(.*)") ) )
Disk IO
I wanted to show you some disk IO stats too. Unfortunately these are broken once again in Kubernetes.
Network
Festooned with tri-cornered hats, waving their “Illegals Go Home” posters and munching down corn syrup laden foods in one hand while parading guns of every caliber in the other hand – came the Tea Party Chicanery. It infuriated us. It made us laugh. Then it enraged us with its civil disruptions. It was Code Pink in reverse.
So, where do they come from? What do they really want? Who is behind this caterwauling circus? We have to go back to the 1940's to understand how it all happened and why they believe that they are in their “right” mind.
We came together to a place of safety many years ago after World War II. Our cathartic struggle had left us exhausted for just awhile. Then we picked ourselves up out of the dust and we went about rebuilding our home.
Even in the dawn of the post war era though, you could feel the separation we had inherited, that the war had only interrupted, the layers of mistrust of the “other.” It did not take long and we were back at each other's throats.
Red scares and lynchings turned into witch-hunts, blacklists, sit-ins, peace demonstrations, riots, beatings, murder and the “culture war.”
We came to two paths in the swamps of Vietnam and we diverged, never to meet again, until now. Through it all we wondered if they were in their right mind? How could they not want what we wanted? In their hearts they knew they were “right” – or so they said.
We are the two siblings of America Agonistes. On the Left are the Liberals and on the Right are the Conservatives. On the left are the Progressives. On the right are the Reactionaries.
We are a family at war with itself; each defiantly convinced that we are in our right mind and that “they” are dangerously deluded. The battle is fierce and the casualties are mounting.
However, on both sides a few are awakening to a broader picture. Somewhere beyond our view we are being watched. And now, we have come to discover that we are merely the extras in a drama orchestrated by the 400 – Crony.
Our friends and family on the right wing of American culture, politics and economics have been played. What they believe is their “Right” mind is a cheap Carny trick. The Orchestrators have seduced them like any good con artist, flim-flam man or grifter – through the manipulation of their greed.
They have been convinced that back long ago there was an American scene that was White, Christian, Independent and Righteous in its Manifest Destiny. They have been told that the “other” will rob them of their imagined heritage and destroy the world! They have been convinced that if they act brutally and immediately then they will not have to share the world with the “other,” the inferior people.
And the greatest seduction of all – they have been promised that if they give all of the money in the world to the top 1%, the 400, the Orchestrators, Crony, then they will be taken care of. All that is necessary, all they have to do, is to vote to “End the Government As We Know It.”
Any thinking person knows that selling the government to private interests is the end game for Crony, reversing the American Revolution. A divided people are being conquered from within.
For our part, on the Left, we have been emotionally strung out on War and Peace for so long that we have lost our connection to the everyday commonalities with our neighbors. We bought the Culture War as hard as the Right.
It has mesmerized and occupied our efforts as well as theirs. We have been played as well as them. We came to see them as the “other” as much as they see us that way. Therein lies the key to our liberation!
What if we could find a way to reach them? Libertarians want to end the Foreign and Drug Wars. So do we. Conservative farmers want to save the land and the water. So do we. Hunters want to save the wilderness. So do we. Everyone wants an infrastructure that works. What if we could find a way back to the future, together?
Are we not the collaborative force of change that benefits all? Are they not part of the “all?” What if the focus of all of our anxieties can be directed to the Orchestrators, to Crony? What if we can help them to disenthrall themselves from the illusion of a past that never was and awaken their courage for a future that must be?
I am convinced that if we can regain our “right” mind then we can help them out of their “Right” mind. If we can overcome the failure of imagination and lack of perspective that has been induced by the fear and greed fog spewed from the organs of malfeasance on Wall Street, in Advertising and across Mass Media we could break the chains of perpetual conflict.
No, not everyone can be reached but all we need is enough of them and us to create “We.” Then we Connect the Pain and Organize the Gain
Yes, dear reader, out there somewhere, we can all be in our “right” mind and then we can all get “right” with our world and ourselves.
Further…
Brad Parker
Valley Dems United, Margy Murray, Editor
The U2 Tower was a proposed landmark skyscraper to be constructed in Dublin. The site chosen was in the South Docklands (SODO) campshires, at the corner of Sir John Rogerson's Quay and Britain Quay, by the confluence of the River Liffey, the River Dodder, and the Grand Canal.[1] The design announced on 12 October 2007 was by Foster and Partners. Its height had been reported at 120 metres,[2] "well over 120 metres",[3] and 180 metres,[4] any of which would have made it the tallest building on the island of Ireland. The building was planned to be an apartment building, with a recording studio owned by the rock group U2 in a "pod" at the top.[2] Construction was to begin in 2008 and end in 2011, at a cost of €200m.[2] In October 2008, the project was suspended indefinitely because of the economic downturn.[5] Proposals to revive the plan were reported in July 2013.[6]
History [ edit ]
The construction site at Britain Quay, June 2009
The Dublin Docklands Development Authority (DDDA) was established in 1997 to regenerate the brownfield sites and underused warehouses in the Docklands at the mouth of the River Liffey in Dublin.[7] In 2000, the DDDA proposed a landmark tower for the Britain Quay site.[8] The involvement of U2 was part of a deal in 2001 when the DDDA had acquired by compulsory purchase the site of U2's previous studio on Hanover Quay.[9] In October 2002, the DDDA announced an architectural design competition for the tower, initially to be 60 metres tall, which would house apartments and a penthouse recording studio for U2.[8] 530 entries were received from around the world by the closing date in February 2003.[10] The judging panel was not revealed till after the winner was announced.[11] It included the president of the Royal Hibernian Academy, the chairman and two other members of the DDDA, Dublin's City Architect, and Adam Clayton of U2.[12]
[13]
The panel initially chose as the winner an entry which was later disqualified after legal advice because the DDDA had lost the details of which firm had submitted the design and so were unable to notify the winner.[11][12] The Sunday Times later speculated that it might have been one by London practice 3W, after a campaign by Irish website archiseek.com led to six unidentified designs being located.[12][13] On 5 August 2003, the winning design announced was by architects Burdon Dunne/Craig Henry (now BCDH Architects) of Blackrock, Dublin.[12] Felim Dunne, the senior partner in Burdon Dunne, was the brother-in-law of U2's manager Paul McGuinness.
The tower's stated height was 60 metres to the parapet, but 78 metres to the pinnacle of the glass screening device.[11]
In September 2005, the DDDA revised the height of the U2 tower from 60 metres to 120 metres. [14] This was in conjunction with the planned construction of the 120-metre Watchtower in the Point Village complex on the north bank of the Liffey, opposite the U2 tower. The DDDA envisaged the two towers forming a "landmark entry" and "visual gatepost" for the city from Dublin Port.[15][16] Minister for the Environment Dick Roche approved the DDDA's plans in July 2006.[17] The DDDA applied for planning permission for the U2 tower on 14 September 2006.[18] This application further increased the height of the tower to 130m.[19] The provisions of Section 25 of the DDDA Act, 1997 were used to fast-track the application.[20] It was approved on 2 October 2006.[18]
Tenders for construction of the tower were invited and a shortlist of five firms was published on 26 February 2007.[1] The winning bid announced on 12 October 2007 was from Geranger, a consortium of property developers and the members of U2. The design selected was not the original BCDH design, but rather one commissioned by Geranger from Norman Foster. The bids were assessed by a panel of three architects. The runner-up was also a new design, by Zaha Hadid.[4]
On 31 October 2008, the Dublin Docklands Development Authority announced that they were suspending construction plans indefinitely due to current economic conditions.[5]
On 25 November 2011, it was announced that U2 Tower land had been handed over to the National Asset Management Agency (NAMA) to settle debts.[21]
Problems [ edit ]
Developers Dunloe Ewart (subsequently taken over by Liam Carroll) had secured planning permission in 2000 for a 100-metre building on a site next to that of the U2 tower. The DDDA objected to this in 2005 as it wanted the U2 tower to be an isolated landmark. Dublin City Council refused to extend planning permission on Carroll's undeveloped site after it expired. As of September 2007, Carroll was appealing this in the Commercial Court.[15] [22] Some residents of Ringsend have accused the DDDA of "arrogance", claiming that extra revenue from two towers could fund social housing schemes in nearby areas.[23] Others expressed discontent at the presence of a skyscraper in a historically low-rise area.[24]
Concerns were expressed about a possible conflict of interest for U2 in the building tender process, when it emerged that the band were joint backers of Geranger.[25] After the original BCDH bid's success, it was pointed out that U2 manager Paul McGuinness is the brother-in-law of BCDH architect Felim Dunne.[24]
The impact of the 2007 subprime mortgage financial crisis brought doubts on the viability of the BCDH design. Journalists speculated that the extra engineering expense of the complicated "twisting tower" design was excessive, and that an alternative design would be used instead.[26] Construction tenders were able to submit price quotations for both the original BCDH design and an alternative of their own choosing.[15] There has been speculation that lawsuits may be taken, by BCDH and by those builders who bid based solely on the BCDH design, that the DDDA was not empowered to scrap the original design.[27]
Delays at all stages of the design and planning phases have been commented upon. The estimated cost and completion date moved from €55m and early 2008 in September 2006[24] to €200m and late 2011 in October 2007.[2]
Design [ edit ]
The predicted price of a 2-bed apartment in the tower was estimated in October 2006 at €1-1.5 million.[28]
BCDH design [ edit ]
The BCDH design had a 45-degree twist,[19] half the 90-degree twist of the Turning Torso in Malmö. It had a shoulder height of 100m, to the top floor of apartments,[19] and a pinnacle height of 130m, including a service level and the two-storey penthouse recording studio.[19] There were a total of 36 storeys.[1][16] The footprint was a 26.6m square.[19] The building was primarily to consist of one-, two-, and three-bedroom apartments, with commercial premises on the ground and first floors, a two-level basement parking garage, and the penthouse.[19]
The dramatic twisting geometry of the tower posed a significant structural engineering challenge, resolved using a column structure of inclined columns following the twist of the building and the stiff circular core for torsional stability. 26.6 m² floor plates twist by an equal amount per storey about the circular core, housing lifts and services risers as well as a double-deck lift for service/firefighting and penthouse access.[19]
Foster design [ edit ]
The design chosen on 12 October 2007 was a tilted triangle.[4] It had mainly luxury apartments, with a public viewing platform at 100m,[2] just below an acoustically-insulated egg-shaped pod containing the U2 recording studio.[2][4] Above this was to be an "energy centre" containing wind turbines and a large solar panel.[4] The east and west facades were crinkled in the manner of fish scales, with concealed balconies.[4] The north facade would have been sleek, while the south facade had further solar panels.[4] The building would have straddled the end of Sir John Rogerson's quay, allowing traffic to pass through its base.
Environs [ edit ]
A five-star hotel was planned to be located adjacent to the tower, with a block of 34 social and affordable apartments.[4] A bridge for pedestrians and public transport would have crossed the Dodder/Grand Canal mouth outside the tower, as a continuation of Sir John Rogerson's Quay towards the East Link Bridge. This was designed by UK consultants Flint & Neill.[29]
Kennedy-Wilson proposal [ edit ]
It was reported in July 2013 that Kennedy-Wilson, an American firm, was planning to buy the site off NAMA and develop an 18-story U2 Tower, half the height of the earlier plan.[6]
The UK's cybersecurity agency has issued a warning to government departments on the potential risks of using Russian antivirus or security software because of fears the Kremlin could use it to conduct espionage.
The advice from the National Cyber Security Centre comes as Russian cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Lab is facing accusations that its software helped with the theft of NSA hacking tools on behalf of the Russian government.
Kaspersky Lab has denied any wrongdoing and CEO Eugene Kaspersky has said he'd remove his company from Moscow if the Kremlin asked it to carry out spying.
The National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) has warned that Russian cyberattacks are a threat to the UK and that the Russian government could potentially compromise Russian software deployed within organisations for its own ends.
"The NCSC advises that Russia is a highly capable cyber threat actor which uses cyber as a tool of statecraft," NCSC CEO Cieran Martin wrote in a letter to senior civil servants.
"To that end, we advise that where it is assessed that access to the information by the Russian state would be a risk to national security, a Russia-based AV company should not be chosen," he added.
He said in practical terms, this means that for systems processing information classified 'secret' and and above, a Russia-based provider "should never be used", he said.
Image: iStock
"This will also apply to some official tier systems as well, for a small number of departments which deal extensively with national security and related matters of foreign policy, international negotiations, defence and other sensitive information," he said.
The letter mentions that Kaspersky Lab is the largest Russian cybersecurity firm in the UK and that the NCSC is examining whether it can develop an independent framework which can be used to provide the government assurance about the security of Kaspersky Lab products and "verifiable measures to prevent the transfer of UK data to the Russian state".
See also: Defending against cyberwar: How the cybersecurity elite are working to prevent a digital apocalypse
Tweeting in response to the advice, Eugene Kaspersky said "Let me stress: there is *no* ban for KL products in the UK. We are in touch with NCSC regarding our Transparency Initiative and I am sure we will find the way to work together."
In a related blog post, Ian Levy, technical director at the NCSC, said that many government departments already handle risks well and that there's "almost no installed base of Kaspersky AV in central government".
But despite warnings against the use of Russian software in government, Levy said there's "no compelling case at present to extend that advice to wider public sector, more general enterprises, or individuals".
He said "we really don't want people doing things like ripping out Kaspersky software at large, as it makes little sense".
Meanwhile, Barclays Bank has taken the decision to stop providing free Kaspersky Lab antivirus products to new customers as a precaution following the NCSC advice.
"The UK Government has been advised by the National Cyber Security Centre to remove any Russian products from all highly sensitive systems classified as secret or above," the bank said in an email to customers.
"We've made the precautionary decision to no longer offer Kaspersky software to new users, however there's nothing to suggest customers need to stop using Kaspersky," the email added.
"Barclays treats the security of our customers very seriously. Even though this new guidance isn't directed at members of the public, we have taken the decision to withdraw the offer of Kaspersky software from our customer website," a Barclays spokesperson told ZDNet.
A Kaspersky Lab spokesperson told ZDNet that the company is "disappointed Barclays has decided to discontinue offering Kaspersky Lab anti-virus to new customers".
"It's very important to note that the NCSC is not encouraging consumers or businesses against using Kaspersky Lab software," the company added.
Recent and related coverage
Claims resurface that Kaspersky helped Russian intelligence Yes, Kaspersky Lab works with government law enforcement agencies, just like American ones do. The company denies any wrongdoing with its work with Russia's government. Eugene Kaspersky: We would quit Moscow if Russia asked us to spy Kaspersky Lab founder hits back at espionage claims.
READ MORE ON CYBERSECURITY
Love is a fickle thing. When the Moto 360 was revealed alongside the launch of the Android Wear OS, its circular face made it stand out from Samsung and LG's first wearable attempts. But in the initial rush of excitement around the Moto 360, the fact that a lower section of its screen was permanently turned off passed many by. Like catching your sweaty parents having sex, once seen it can't be unseen, burning into that space behind your retinas, with the Moto 360 now appearing like a flat tire. LG's G Watch R, with its fully circular display, is ready to claim your affections in its place.
Its 1.3-inch (diameter) P-OLED, 320 x 320 (245 PPI) display is exactly what you'd hope for from an Android Wear smartwatch screen — clear, colourful and bright enough to combat the harsh lighting of the showroom I tested the device in. And, most pertinently, it comes without an unsightly black chunk across its bottom edge. While I can't speak for its performance in direct sunlight yet, its 300 nit luminance seemed bright enough to remain readable in the great outdoors.
Advertisement
Waterproof and complete with a PPG heart-rate sensor on the rear, the G Watch R measures 46.4 x 53.6 x 9.7mm (or 11.1mm with the bezel included). That is still undeniably chunky, and some people at the briefing I attended felt that it could potentially put off a female audience. I'd beg to differ — it's not a particularly heavy watch and fashion trends at the moment (regardless of gender) are edging towards larger watch faces anyway. Though its black metal notched frame does limit its flexibility somewhat, the option of attaching any 22mm watch strap and selecting from a whole bunch of different software faces should make it possible for it to suit many tastes. I'm personally not a fan of the black genuine calf leather strap that will come packed in with the G Watch R though (it feels very rough and its strap holes were very big). Far more so than smartphones, smartwatches truly are fashion items — what seems attractive now could fall out of favor incredibly quickly, an issue all smartwatch manufacturers can do little to change.
Advertisement
Connecting to your Android phone over Bluetooth 4.0, the G Watch R lacks its own GPS sensor (battery concerns being LG's reasoning). While it can still piggyback off your smartphone's GPS signal, the next Android Wear update is said to include specific enhancements for onboard GPS, which the G Watch R won't be able to capitalize on, if true. Sony's SmartWatch 3, on the other hand, does have GPS.
Battery life, if trusting LG's spiel, looks pretty soild. Lacking an ambient light sensor (yet remaining an always-on device), LG's G Watch R switches to an "Ambient Mode" five seconds after your last interaction with it. This changes the watch to a black face with white arms, drawing 13mW as opposed to the standard 130mW and pushing the 410mAh battery to an average of a day and a half's usage. Lacking wireless charging, the G Watch R, like its predecessor, will come with a bespoke charging cradle.
As with all Android Wear smartwatches, the G Watch R has a built-in mic, letting you access Google Now functionality with voice control. As well as tapping at the touchscreen to check out email, Twitter, Facebook, music controls, SMS messages and turn-by-turn navigation, you'll also be able to bark commands at the device too. Dozens of unique faces will be available, including a world clock with three time zones showing, a "Hiking" face with steps taken and elevation displayed, a "Fitness" face with heart-rate and steps taken on show and even a lunar cycle face showing the current size of the moon for all you druids out there.
Advertisement
The G Watch R is a device that's been two years in development. So, why, you may be thinking, release the original LG G Watch at all, with this bad-boy waiting in the wings so soon after? LG is keen to stress that the first G Watch was an Android Wear reference model, as much a product of Google's design ethos as LG's own. The G Watch R is the company's chance to let rip with its own wearable design philosophy — LG may be proud of the original G Watch, but it's this one they've been waiting to to unleash all along.
Launching in October, LG wouldn't be drawn on an exact price yet, but did concede that the G Watch R will land at a price point more expensive than that of the £159 original G Watch. Though we'll have to wait for a full hands-on test (and a look at whatever Apple's wearable ends up being) before crowning a smartwatch king, LG's staking a good claim here with the G Watch R.
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on Gizmodo UK, which is gobbling up the news in a different timezone.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's first address on the world stage at the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) will be followed by several meetings of international and regional importance.
Sources confirmed to The Hindu that officials are trying to work out a schedule for a possible meeting between Mr. Modi and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on the sidelines of the UNGA.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj will also meet her Israeli counterpart on October 1 for a bilateral meeting, which is expected to set the course for future engagements. The meeting with the Israeli leadership will be significant for several reasons. This will be the first meeting since the Gaza crisis, where India nuanced its position between Israel and Palestine. Israel was among the handful of countries Mr. Modi visited before becoming Prime Minister, and the BJP had advocated recognising Israel before the Centre did so in 1992.
Modi-Sharif meet remains uncertain on UNGA sidelines
India's reaching out to Israel, as well as a possible meeting with Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas will be a distinct departure from previous years, when the Prime Minister used the post-UNGA speech windows to meet regional leaders.
In 2013, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met with leaders of Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh on the sidelines of the UNGA.
While the Ministry of External Affairs has confirmed a meeting with Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina this year, a meeting with Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa is also expected on September 27, soon after Mr. Modi's speech that morning.
Sharif meet?
While both Indian and Pakistani governments say there is “no proposal” for Mr. Modi to meet Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, their schedules in New York overlap by a couple of days. Speculation over a possible meeting grew as officials confirmed that Pakistan High Commissioner Abdul Basit met National Security Adviser Ajit Doval and Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh on September 13, before he flew back to Islamabad for consultations.
A Pakistani official described the meetings as “constructive and useful engagements,” but couldn't confirm if a summit-level meeting is planned.
Sources say much will depend on Mr. Sharif's speech at the UNGA a day before Mr. Modi's.
Last year, Mr. Sharif's reference to “the suffering of people in Jammu and Kashmir” had led to a sharp retort by Mr. Singh who had called Pakistan the “epicentre of terrorism” in South Asia. Given that no meeting has been scheduled yet between the leaders, their speeches will be watched keenly for any signs of a possible revival of the Foreign Secretary-level talks that were cancelled in July.
Florida teachers have about a week left to apply for a $10,000 bonus program that has exasperated many because eligibility hinges on their ACT or SAT scores, even if those college-admissions exams were taken decades ago.
"It's absurd to think that anything I did when I was 17 years old should be affecting my pay right now," said James Brendlinger, a 23-year veteran who teaches at Lake Howell High School in Seminole County.
But Brendlinger qualifies because he did well on the SAT in 1989, so the theater teacher applied ahead of the Oct. 1 deadline.
He could not pass up the chance for such a windfall, he said, but like many teachers, he found the bonus program's requirements baffling. Others called it insulting and nonsensical, saying teachers should be in line for a bonus if they've proved themselves in the classroom, not because they did well their college-entrance exams.
Florida's Best and Brightest Teacher Scholarship Program was funded by the Florida Legislature this spring. The one-year, $44 million program aims to give up to 4,402 teachers $10,000 bonuses each, though the rewards will be cut if more teachers qualify.
The Orange County school district said 280 teachers, or about 2 percent of its 13,800 instructors, have applied so far, while in Lake County 27 teachers out of about 2,900 have, and in Osceola County 41 teachers out of 3,600 have. Seminole schools did not have a tally yet.
The program was envisioned as a way to lure smart college students into teaching. But as devised, it will reward those already in the classroom, whether they started teaching this August or 30 years ago.
Teachers are eligible for the bonuses if they scored in the top 20 percent on their college-entrance exams in the year they took them. For teachers who took the exams in 2005, for example, that means a score of at least 25 out of 36 on the ACT or at least 610 verbal and 630 math out of 800 on the SAT.
New teachers face no other requirements, but experienced ones also must have been rated "highly effective."
Many teachers long out of high school said they spent more than $60 ordering new copies of their old ACT or SAT score reports, often paying for rush service so they'd have reports back in time.
In a state where the average teacher earns just less than $50,000, a $10,000 bonus program cannot be ignored, but its test-score component has ignited fierce criticism.
"It has nothing to do with my teaching ability. It's just insane," said Steve Hyde, an English teacher at Winter Park High School in Orange. "I don't know what the legislators were thinking."
Hyde, in his 19th year of teaching, does not qualify because his math SAT score was too low.
Some colleagues even prepped to take the ACT earlier this month — the SAT wasn't offered soon enough for the Oct. 1 deadline — hoping to boost scores. Hyde decided work and family obligations meant he had no time to devote to that task, especially because it's not clear the ACT scores will be back in time.
Rep. Erik Fresen, R-Miami, said he proposed the program because of an ongoing teacher shortage and because those entering the teaching profession "are rarely among the highest academic achievers in their classes."
He wanted to help change that, he wrote to the Lake Brantley High School student newspaper, which had emailed him questions about the program. "A $10,000 addition to the starting salary … is a good incentive to make you seriously considering becoming an educator."
Fresen, chairman of the House education budget committee, was not available for comment, but his office sent the Orlando Sentinel a copy of what he'd sent to the Seminole school's paper.
The lawmaker called it a "misconception" that the program was about "recognizing and rewarding the 'best and brightest' teachers in our classrooms." It's about attracting new candidates, he said, but does provide an "overdue reward" to "highly effective educators" with top ACT or SAT scores.
That explanation makes little sense to the National Council on Teacher Quality, which has been supportive of some of the Legislature's efforts to improve the teaching profession.
"I can't fathom what the purpose of this is," said Kate Walsh, the council's president, except "as a ploy to drive teachers nuts."
If Florida wanted to lure better-caliber high-school students into teaching, Walsh said, it could follow the city of Houston's lead. It is working with the University of Houston to offer students in the top 15 percent of high-school classes tuition breaks if they enter the university's teaching program and then teach for at least four years.
J.P. Royer, who teaches language arts and social studies to fifth-graders, said he felt insulted when he realized a lower-than-needed math SAT score made him ineligible.
A teacher at Altamonte Elementary in Seminole, he has been tapped to speak at national conferences and one year was a finalist for teacher of the year in Seminole, where he's taught for 18 years.
"Just because you score high doesn't mean you know what you're doing in the classroom," he said.
lpostal@tribpub.com or 407-420-5273
Right now, there are thousands of mites on your face. They're microscopic, but closely related to spiders and ticks. And despite your reaction to hearing this news, there's absolutely nothing wrong with you.
"99.9 percent of humans carry them," says Ron Ochoa, a mite scientist at the US Department of Agriculture. They're most abundant on our faces, but live in the hair follicles all over our bodies, and a single person may harbor more than one million of them in total.
99.9 percent of humans carry face mites
During the day, the animals stay hidden in your follicles, feeding on oils naturally secreted by your glands. At night, they use their stubby legs to climb to the surface to find mates.
Perhaps the most startling fact about these mites: they were first identified in 1842, but scientists still know surprisingly little about them.
"These are things that live on us — they're intimately associated with us — but they've not really been studied," says Holly Menninger, who's part of a North Carolina State project that's sampling the mites that live on hundreds of volunteers. "It's kind of crazy."
Her team is among the few that trying to learn more. Here's what little we do know so far about the mites you carry everyday.
We don't even know how many mites we carry
Your body harbors at least two closely-related species of mites: Demodex folliculorum and Demodex brevis. Both live in your hair follicles, but folliculorum live in the follicles' main cavity, whereas the smaller brevis live in something called the sebaceous gland, which secretes a waxy oil called sebum — likely the mites' main food source.
Both types of Demodex are the densest on the face — especially near the nose, eyebrows, eyelashes, and hairline — but they live anywhere on your body where hair follices are. Scientists, however, have never fully studied the total abundance of mites on the human body. Dan Fergus, a researcher that works with Menninger, estimates that the average person has between 1.5 and 2.5 million mites, but no one really knows.
Nearly all adults carry these mites, but children usually don't — and only about 70 percent of 18-year-olds do. It's still unclear how we initially pick them up. Many scientists believe we somehow acquire them from our parents — Ochoa thinks they first latch on to us when we breastfeed as babies — while others hypothesize that we acquire them from sexual partners.
One thing is certain: mites have lived on humans for a very, very long time. "The mite is so well-adapted to live in our face and our hair that our immunologic system cannot recognize them," Ochoa says.
Like the barnacles that cover whales or the fish that follow sharks to eat their leftovers, they speak to the incredible power of evolution to fill every single niche in existence, given enough time.
The mites party on your face at night
During the day, both types of Demodex stay inside your follicles, feeding on sebum. It's also believed that they eat some of the actual cells that line the follicles, along with the bacteria living on them, though it still isn't certain.
At night, they slowly crawl up to the surface at a speed of a few millimeters per hour, using eight short, segmented legs:
Up on the outer rim of your follicles, they look for mates. "We joke that the mites come out to party, because they have sex on your face at night," Menninger says. During the day, they return to the follicles, where females lay eggs.
It's unclear why they they stick to this diurnal schedule, but it's possible it's because emerging while their hosts (i.e. us) are sedated is less dangerous. It's also not obvious how they know when we're sleeping: they might simply be sensing light, or they might be responding to hormonal changes in our bodies.
"we joke that the mites come out to party, because they have sex on your face at night"
The only way we know about their nightlife, in fact, is from experiments in which people slept with tape on their skin to trap the mites when they emerge. Daytime sampling methods are a little simpler: you can isolate mites by putting mineral oil on the pores near your nose, causing them to open up, then scraping them with a piece of metal. If you put the resulting goo under a microscope, you'll likely see mites wriggling around inside.
The vast majority of these mites are probably harmless — even though they're equipped with a clawed organ called a palpus, on either side of their mouth, that lets them dig into and secure themselves to your follicle cells.
In some cases, though, mites may exacerbate rosacea. This could be due to the fact that they don't defecate, and simply let feces build up in their bodies over time. When they die and begin to decompose, these feces all get released at once — and for some people, this may trigger an immune response that leads to flare-ups of rosacea.
We still know so little about mites — and they're everywhere
Mites as a whole are a shockingly understudied group, even though they were first described by Carl Linneaus in the 18th century and live pretty much everywhere. Ticks are a type of mite, but they're just the most well-known out of more than 57,000 mite species we've found so far.
And there are thousands more are still waiting to be discovered. Some scientists believe virtually every animal and plant species has its own distinct species of mite living on it.
"The number of mite species is probably one of the most underestimated out of all animal groups living on the planet." Ochoa says. "If there are five million species of insects, you have to realize that every insect probably has its own mite species."
"If you walk outside and take a scoop of soil, you'd probably find an entirely new mite species"
There are also thousands of free-living mites present in all sorts of ecosystems. They're especially abundant in soil. "If you walk outside into your front yard, take a scoop of soil, and looked in it, you'd probably find an entirely new mite species," Ochoa says.
The North Carolina State group believes there are even more mite species that live on humans and still haven't been found. That's why they're sampling people of different ethnic groups for mites, hypothesizing that during the tens of thousands of years humans lived and evolved in distant corners of the globe, the mites that lived on them evolved and diverged as well.
We've only begun to deeply study and widely appreciate the importance of the microbiome — the trillions of bacteria that live in and on us — over the past few years. Mite-obsessed researchers hope the era of mite appreciation will similarly follow.
"They have been completely off the radar screen, not only for common people, but science professionals," Ochoa says. "Mites sit right under our noses, and we're totally unaware of their relationship with them."
Further reading:
map_080414_deadzone.jpg
A map of the Gulf of Mexico's 'dead zone' (noaa.gov)
Scientists recently measured Gulf of Mexico's dead zone – an area with low oxygen water – at 5,052 square miles, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reports.
EPA and NOAA scientists say the size of the dead zone is smaller than it was last year but still greater than the target of less than 1,900 square miles, according to the report. It is about the size of Connecticut.
"Dead zones," also called hypoxia areas, are caused by nutrient runoff from agricultural and other human activities in the watershed and are highly affected by river discharge. These nutrients stimulate an overgrowth of algae that sinks, decomposes, and consumes the oxygen needed to support life in the Gulf.
The largest Gulf dead zone ever recorded occurred in 2002, encompassing 8,481 square miles. The smallest recorded dead zone measured 15 square miles in 1988. The average size of the dead zone over the past five years has been about 5,500 square miles.
The hypoxic zone off the coast of Louisiana and Texas forms each summer threatening the ecosystem that supports valuable commercial and recreational Gulf fisheries. NOAA-funded research in the past decade shows hypoxia results in habit loss, displacement of fish (including shrimp and croaker) from their preferred areas, and a decline in reproductive ability in some species.
by
Psalm 116:1-4, 12-19 Isaiah 25:1-5 1 Peter 1:8b-12
What shall I return to the LORD for all his bounty to me? – Psalm 116:12
O LORD, you are my God; I will exalt you, I will praise your name; for you have done wonderful things, plans formed of old, faithful and sure. – Isaiah 25:1
Concerning this salvation, the prophets who prophesied of the grace that was to be yours made careful search and inquiry, inquiring about the person or time that the Spirit of Christ within them indicated when it testified in advance to the sufferings destined for Christ and the subsequent glory. – 1 Peter 1:10-11
The Spirit of Christ within…
In today's reading from 1 Peter 1, we hear again that amazing phrase “Christ within”. Not just spirit, but the Spirit of Christ within.
More importantly, Peter is referring to Christ within the prophets who lived hundreds, even thousands of years before Jesus walked the Earth, who prophesied through the spirit of Christ about Christ's coming incarnation on Earth… in other words, Christ is timeless.
Let's examine the nature of this timeless Christ:
2 Corithians 13 5. Or do you not realize this about yourselves, that Jesus Christ is in you?
I would venture to say, for the majority of modern believers, the answer is “no”, Paul. We do not “realize that” about ourselves.
In fact, I suspect that many modern Christians have been taught to think that way borders on blasphemy.
Later we will explore “why”. For now, we will simply know that the concept of Christ incarnate within us was important to the Apostle Paul. Very important…
Christ has different appearances…
Next, let us examine the famous scene from the Gospel of Luke where post-Easter Jesus appears to two of his disciples as the walk on the road to Emmaus. On the very day of Easter, Christ appears to them:
Luke 24 13. That very day two of (the disciples) were going to a village named Emmaus, about seven miles from Jerusalem, 14. and they were talking with each other about all these things that had happened. 15. While they were talking and discussing together, Jesus himself drew near and went with them. 16. But their eyes were kept from recognizing him.
Next, in another post-Easter appearance:
John 21 3. Simon Peter said to them, “I am going fishing.” They said to him, “We will go with you.” They went out and got into the boat, but that night they caught nothing. 4. Just as day was breaking, Jesus stood on the shore; yet the disciples did not know that it was Jesus.
Jesus' own disciples DID NOT RECOGNIZE HIM. There is so much meaning packed into this revelation, it's almost too much to bear:
Even “followers” of Christ can fail to recognize Christ, in person, in teachings, in action, and in others.
Christ was with Moses and the Hebrews
Finally, in the following passage, Paul reveals that the spirit of Christ is timeless and immutable.
1 Corinthians 10 1. For I want you to know, brothers,a that our fathers were all under the cloud, and all passed through the sea, 2. and all were baptized into Moses in the cloud and in the sea, 3. and all ate the same spiritual food, 4. and all drank the same spiritual drink. For they drank from the spiritual Rock that followed them, and the Rock was Christ.
Even in the times of Moses, before there were any Gospels, before there was a nativity story, before there were the miracles of Jesus, before there was a crucifixion… there was Christ. With the people, following the people, sustaining the people…
Christ is not bound by written doctrine. Christ is not bound by time or political borders. Christ is present.
The Difficult “Why”
Now we move on the the difficult part: the “why”. Why do many churches teach their congregants that thinking this way is blasphemy? Why must Christ be categorized as a finite, separate, and acute presence?
Because it's much more difficult to build a religious empire based on the knowledge that anyone can have Christ within.
They say, “He was born, he lived, he died, and now he is gone. We await his return. Listen to us and our rules and Christ will come back for you.”
But what if Christ is already returned in you? In me? In that homeless guy down the street? What then?
It is difficult to inculcate a system of religious control if your Christ is not contained within the pages of any particular bible, not encountered solely through communion, confession, or hymn, and not limited to one particular faith or doctrine.
It is difficult to create superstitious and compulsory worship if the object/subject of worship is not some idol hanging from the rafters, but is present in the child in the third row, or within the pastor's compassionate preaching, or within daily love of the quiet old woman in the back. Timeless, free from absolute definition, and omnipresent… the Christ is within all.
John 1 1. In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. 2. He was in the beginning with God. 3. All things were made through him, and without him was not any thing made that was made. 4. In him was life, and the life was the light of men.
How can the Christ, the Word of God, the embodiment of God's absolute creative power and will, the source of all that is and ever will be, be defined by anyone? Ever?
I think this is most beautifully portrayed in the following “heretical”, extra-canonical text:
The Gospel of Thomas 77. Jesus said, “It is I who am the light which is above them all. It is I who am the All. From Me did the come forth, and unto Me did the extend. Split a piece of wood, and I am there. Lift up the stone, and you will find Me there.”
And also within the accepted biblical cannon:
Ephesians 4 4. There is one body and one Spirit, just as you were called to one hope when you were called; 5. one Lord, one faith, one baptism; 6. one God and Father of all, who is over all and through all and in all.
The church does not teach about Christ within all things because it allows for too much individual freedom and creative liberty of worship. And that is precisely why a believer's understanding of Christ within all things is so paramount.
If we begin to recognize Christ within each other, we cannot kill Christ who is our enemy.
If we begin to recognize Christ within each other, we cannot ignore Christ who is hungry.
If we begin to recognize Christ within each other, we cannot abandon Christ who is fallen.
If we begin to recognize Christ within each other, we cannot destroy Christ who is fragile… in this world and all around us.
Christ within all things allows creation to be holy once more, and we can stop taking all of this for granted.
The father of a Marine shot dead by a teenager and alleged sex slave in Afghanistan has slammed the US military for making him seem like an enemy to abused local children.
According to Gregory Buckley Sr, American officers were ordered to turn a blind eye to the sexual abuse of Afghan boys - even on military bases - because that was not the 'priority of the mission'.
It was this policy, he believes, that led to his son Lance Corporal Gregory Buckley Jr, 21, being gunned down on Helmland Province in 2012 by 17-year-old Aynoddin, an Afghan 'tea boy' for local police chief Sarwar Jan - who had previously been reprimanded for child abduction.
'As far as the young boys are concerned, the Marines are allowing it to happen and so they're guilty by association,' Buckley Sr told the New York Times. 'They don't know our Marines are sick to their stomachs.'
His words come as he files a landmark lawsuit against the military, with testimony from US Marines, describing how local boys would be chained to beds and abused daily by America-backed Afghan officers - but they were barred from intervening.
Scroll down for video
Gregory Buckley Sr, left, who believes his son Lance Corporal Gregory Buckley Jr, right, believes the policy of turning a blind eye to sexual abuse was a factor in his son's death
Lance Corporal Buckley was gunned down in the gym at the Forward Operating Base Delhi, in Afghanistan's Helmand province in August 2012, by a 17-year-old Afghan
One officer, Dan Quinn, was even discharged for beating up a commander who allegedly chained a boy to a bed, raped him multiple times, then beat up his mother when she tried to save her son.
And two other officers, Major Jason Brezler and Charles Martland, claim they are earmarked for forcible retirement because they flagged the issue of child sex abuse.
According to Pentagon policy, sexual abuse is deemed a local concern for the Afghan Local Police unless it is deemed to be an act of war.
'My son said that his officers told him to look the other way because it's their culture,' Buckley Sr told the Times.
He claims it was the last thing they ever spoke about over the phone before his death.
'At night we can hear them screaming, but we're not allowed to do anything about it,' Buckley remembers him saying.
And now he is convinced that his son's killing may have occurred because of the alleged sexual abuse by the Afghan police chief, who was an ally to America.
Buckley Jr, from Long Island, New York, was one of three officers gunned down by Aynoddin, armed with an AK-47, while they worked out in the gym at Forward Operating Base Delhi, in Afghanistan's Helmand province on August 10, 2012.
It was later revealed that the teen may have been one of the sex slaves that Jan supposedly brought onto the base. He was not vetted and later talked about killing the soldiers in the name of Jihad.
Jan had been arrested by Afghan police in 2010 for child abduction and support for the Taliban, according to the Times. By 2012, he had been appointed police commander at Forward Operating Base Delhi. It is not clear how or if he was reprimanded and how he came to be appointed.
Lance Corporal Buckley was just 21 years old when he died. His funeral took place in his home of New York
Mr Buckley, centre, at his son's funeral. He claims his son told him in one of his final phone calls home, that officers said Marines were to 'look the other way' in regards to abuse because it is 'Afghan culture'
Before the attack, fellow Marine Major Jason Brezler, left, warned his comrades stationed overseas about police chief Sanwar Jan's, right, background in an email noting he was a child abuser
As he was drawing up the lawsuit last year, Buckley told Fox News: '[Aynoddin] shot my son point blank with an AK-47. Shot him four times in his chest and once in his neck.
'He was in the gym with a pair of shorts and a tank top on. How is that allowed?
'I want them to admit that they were wrong. And I want someone to be held responsible for my son's death.'
Before the attack, fellow Marine Major Jason Brezler warned his comrades stationed overseas about Jan's background in an email.
He reported that Jan was a noted child abuser and there were allegations he sexually abused minors on U.S. bases in the past.
However, Brezler was subsequently honorably discharged for sending the email from his personal, unsecured, Yahoo account.
It comes as another decorated soldier who had worked for the U.S. Army Special Forces for 11 years is being discharged after claims he stood up for a young rape victim and his beaten mother in Afghanistan.
Sergeant 1st Class Charles Martland, 33, was serving in the country's war-torn Kunduz Province in 2011 when he apparently learned an Afghan police commander he had trained had raped a boy.
He and his team leader, Daniel Quinn, confronted Officer Abdul Rahman - who had also allegedly beaten the 12-year-old's mother for reporting the sexual assault - and 'shoved him to the ground'.
U.S. Army Special Forces Sergeant 1st Class Charles Martland, who is being discharged over claims he stood up for a young rape victim and his beaten mother in Afghanistan
Despite Rahman walking away only bruised, Martland and Quinn were disciplined.
The Army reportedly halted their mission, put them in temporary jobs, and then, finally, sent them home.
Upon their return, Quinn quit the Army and is said to have secured a job on Wall Street.
However, Martland, from Massachusetts, launched a fight to remain a Green Beret.
But now, the dedicated soldier has been 'involuntary discharged' from the Army following a 'Qualitative Management Program' that was apparently carried out in February this year.
Buckley Sr's lawsuit accuses the Marine Corps, Department of Defense, the Navy, the U.S. Naval Criminal Investigative Service and former Marine Corps Commandant General James Amos of withholding the full truth surrounding his son's death.
Asked about the sexual assault of young Afghan boys, whether the current policy is under review and why US military personnel are being told turn a blind eye, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest read the following statement:
‘The United States is deeply concerned about the safety and welfare of Afghan boys who may be exploited by members of the Afghan national security and defense forces. This form of sexual exploitation violates Afghan law and Afghanistan's international obligations.
‘More broadly, protecting human rights, including by countering the exploitation of children, is a high priority for the US government. We monitor such atrocities closely and continually stood up for those who suffered exploitation and a denial of basic human freedoms.
‘The United States works closely with the Afghan government, civil society and international organizations in Afghanistan to put an end to the exploitation of children, but also to incorporate human rights training into our law enforcement programs to heighten awareness in prosecution of such crimes.
‘We continue to encourage the Afghan government and civil society to protect and support victims and their families, while also strongly encouraging justice and accountability under Afghan law for offenders.'
Asked if the president – the nation's Commander-in-Chief of the armed services - would tell a military leader to intervene if he is sexual assault happening, Earnest declined to provide a direct answer.
‘For the policies that sort of govern the relationship between US military personnel serving in Afghanistan and their Afghan counterparts, I'd refer you to the Department of Defense,' he said, adding that the statement he read aloud ‘indicates just how seriously we take this issue and how this this kind of behavior.'
It ‘doesn't just violate Afghan law, and Afghanistan's international obligations, but it certainly violates, I think, pretty much everybody's notion of what acceptable behavior is,' he said.
Pressed to explain the circumstances in which US military personnel would allow assault to happen on their watch, Earnest again dodged. ‘For the rules of engagement and the kind of structure that's in place,' contact DOD, he said.
Asked point blank later in the briefing if the president is ‘tolerating' sexual assault of women and children abroad and is ‘acceding' to the policy that his military advisers at the Pentagon have established - not to intervene in crimes unless they are an act of war – Earnest deflected once again, invoking the Defense Department. He said he would not answer questions ‘about a policy that governs the conduct of US military personnel in a dangerous place.'
Apple is finally offering a cure for its iPhone 6 Plus models plagued by so-called "touch disease." The affliction causes the phone's screen to freeze up and no longer respond to touch commands.
The fix will cost American customers $149 US. Canadians will have to shell out $189.
The move follows months of customer complaints about touch disease and multiple proposed class action lawsuits filed against Apple over the issue.
The suits allege the California-based tech giant knew about the defect and failed to take action.
But while Apple is offering a fix, some customers are dismayed to discover the company is charging a fee and placing the blame on them.
"Apple has determined that some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit display flickering or multi-touch issues," states the company on its website.
This problem, explains the company, arises after the phone has been dropped "multiple times on a hard surface" and then is subjected to "further stress."
'Pitiful' offer
"I think it's pitiful," says iPhone owner Trina Rae Wiegers from Prince Albert, Sask.
She claims that many smartphones get dropped, so if that's the culprit, lots of different iPhone models should be suffering from the same problem.
"You can't just pick one and say apparently people are just dropping the 6 Pluses."
Trina Rae Wiegers in Prince Albert, Sask. believes Apple's repair program for iPhones suffering from 'touch disease' is 'ridiculous.' (Trina Rae Wiegers)
Wiegers owns an iPhone 6, which she believes also suffers from touch disease. She says it periodically freezes up and becomes useless. "You miss calls, you can't text, it's a horrible piece of crap."
Other iPhone 6 customers have also complained of the same problem, but Apple is only offering to fix the bigger 6 Plus. CBC News asked the tech company why, but it did not address the question.
Even if she could get the fix, Wiegers claims she would never pay $189. "It's ridiculous," she says. "It's their problem and they need to own up to it."
$189 fee for show?
Wiegers is the lead plaintiff in a proposed Canadian class action lawsuit launched against Apple over touch disease.
A total of four proposed class-actions have been filed, two in Canada and two in the U.S. involving both iPhone 6 and 6 Plus owners.
"It's a design defect, so to charge $189 to fix their problem is simply atrocious," claims Regina lawyer Tony Merchant, who's heading up the Canadian lawsuits.
He alleges both the 6 and 6 Plus were designed in a way that even the slightest bend results in a disconnect in the phone, causing the screen to no longer respond to touch.
Many iPhone 6 Plus customers have complained that a flickering grey bar appears on the screen before it freezes up and becomes unresponsive to touch. (Yusuf Motiwala)
Merchant claims Apple came up with a fee for the fix not because it needed the cash but to create the impression touch disease is not its fault.
"Their motive is to maintain the pretense that they didn't design a defective phone," he alleges.
"What they ought to be doing is fixing all of [them] without charge and pay compensation to people who've lost the use of their phone."
In order to proceed, all four class actions must first be certified in court. Apple would not comment on the proposed suits.
Not interested in the fix
The term "touch disease" was first coined by an online repair guide, iFixit. It posted a blog in August claiming that iPhone repair shops in the U.S. were being inundated with customers looking for fixes for the problem.
After CBC News first reported on the issue, we heard from several customers who claim their phones are afflicted. They include Paul So from Toronto who took his iPhone 6 Plus to an Apple Store last month.
He says the customer service rep acknowledged touch disease and explained it happened when the phone was bent.
So says he was told he'd have to pay $425 to replace the device because it's no longer under warranty.
He wasn't willing to pay that price and he's not keen to cough up $189 for a problem he too believes is Apple's fault. "It's not right. They should acknowledge the fact they did make the mistake."
Paul So in Toronto says he's not interested in shelling out $189 to fix a problem he believes is Apple's fault. (Paul So)
Yusuf Motiwala in Mississauga also doesn't plan to take Apple up on its offer. "That's a lot of money," he says about the fee, estimating it would total about $200 with taxes. "I don't think that's fair."
Motiwala's 19-year-old daughter, Hawwa bought a second-hand 6 Plus for $750 in February. By September, it started flickering and eventually stopped responding to touch altogether.
Motiwala believes the $200 fee would be better used to help pay for a new phone for his daughter — one that's not an Apple product.
As for Wiegers, she's sticking with the proposed class action lawsuit and says she's still waiting for the day Apple fesses up and addresses her problem — at no charge.
"I just want them to fix my phone, that's all I want."
CBC News asked Apple for a response to the customer criticisms. It would only confirm that it is indeed running a repair program for the iPhone 6 Plus.
As part of the program, customers who already paid to get their device fixed will be reimbursed — minus the mandatory $189 fee.
Phones that have cracked or broken screens won't be eligible for the repair.
About the Surinam Horned Frog
The first thing that stands out about the Surinam horned frog is its size. These rotund amphibians can grow to 8 inches in length and would cover a good-size tea saucer. They are found in freshwater marshes and pools throughout the Amazon Basin, from Colombia to Brazil.
Indiscriminate Feeding
Surinam horned frogs achieve their enormous girth by being generally indiscriminate about what they eat. Typical ambush predators, they squeeze their bodies into the forest substrate or leaf litter so only their heads protrude. When anything smaller than their own bodies happens by, they spring from the mud and swallow their prey whole, locking it in their jaws with their sharp teeth.
They are aggressively territorial and voracious to a fault. Some have been found dead in the wild with the remains of an impossible-to-ingest victim still protruding from their mouths. Their ravenous appetite and huge mouths have earned them and other horned frogs the pet-trade nickname "Pac Man frogs."
Coloring and Camouflage
From Left: Sunday Times / AP; Lucas Dolega / AP Marie Colvin (L) and Remy Ochlik (R) died Wednesday by Syrian government shelling of the opposition stronghold on Wednesday in Homs, Syria
A celebrated American-born war reporter and a young French photographer were killed on Wednesday morning when Syrian forces bombed a makeshift media center in the besieged city of Homs. The tragedy shook the disparate community of conflict journalists gathered there, not least in highlighting the degree to which risks are intensifying for those covering Syria's march to civil war.
Marie Colvin, an American who was one of Britain's most honored combat journalists, and Rémi Ochlik, an award-winning photojournalist who was just 29, died when the regime's military hit the building where a growing number of foreign journalists were covering the Homs battle. British photographer Paul Conroy, whose work illustrated Colvin's chilling dispatch from Homs in the London Sunday Times last weekend, was reported severely injured, along with an unnamed American woman journalist. Those details have not yet been confirmed. (PHOTOS: The Syrian Civil War: Photographs by Alessio Romenzi)
Within seconds of the news breaking on the BBC and Syrian Twitter feeds, the closed Facebook group for conflict journalists lit up with frenzied messages, many of them unable to believe that their colleagues were gone. And Colvin's own Facebook site was jammed with messages from friends, one saying, "Please God not Marie! Marie are you OK?" VIDEO: Freelance Reporters in the Hot Zone.
She was not. Just one day before, Colvin had posted a message to the war-reporters' Facebook group, urging colleagues to break her newspaper's firewall and post her extraordinary report from inside Homs. With her characteristic passion and wry self-deprecating humor, she offered to "face the firing squad" for whoever illicitly reposted her work, while not forgetting to praise Conroy's "amazing photos" which accompanied it. "I don't often do this but it is sickening what is happening here," she wrote. (MORE: With Syria's Rebels: A Visit to a Bombmaker's Factory)
At 56, Colvin was no novice in witnessing sickening events. She was a victim of violence herself, having lost her left eye after coming under government fire in Sri Lanka in 2001. While many might long since have sought a prosthetic eye, Colvin chose instead to wear a black eye patch, something of a badge of honor for conflict journalism, instantly making her the most distinctive journalist in any combat zone.
She was also surely one of the more dedicated, rarely missing a conflict  and believing to the end that the perils were simply a journalist's duty. "Our mission is to speak the truth to power. We send home that first rough draft of history," she said in 2010, in an address at a packed ceremony for fallen war reporters at St. Bride's Church in London. "In an age of 24/7 rolling news, blogs and twitters, we are on constant call wherever we are. But war reporting is still essentially the same  someone has to go there and see what is happening," she told the audience. "You can't get that information without going to places where people are being shot at, and others are shooting at you."
For Ochlik that horror came as he was just beginning his career. He was with his friend Lucas Dolego, the French photographer, on the streets of Tunis during the revolution there last January when Dolego was hit and killed by a police teargas canister. "We had come to work, so I kept on working," he said in a recent interview, after being honored for his Arab Spring photos. "As a little boy I always wanted to become an archeologist, for the travels, the adventures," he continued. That changed when his grandfather gave him his first camera. He began photographing his friends, and later traveled to Haiti, to Tunisia, Egypt and Libya last year  and last week, to Syria.
Colvin's last dispatch from Homs was a video, which aired on the BBC on Tuesday, describing the appalling conditions and deep terror felt by residents who have been encircled by Syrian forces for weeks. Later, she called Peter Bouckaert, Human Rights Watch's Emergency Director, to discuss what she'd seen. "She contacted me not because she wanted to boast about reaching Homs, but because she wanted to reach out to people she thought could make a difference to the people of Homs," Bouckaert said in a Facebook post on Wednesday. "I could just imagine her happily chatting away with me as the shells fell around her building, and being totally in her element. She was one of the most fearless and dedicated reporters I have ever met."
After months of being shut out of the conflict, journalists have increasingly sneaked into Syria through smuggling routes from Lebanon and Turkey, coordinating their life-threatening journeys with local activists. As the coverage of the Homs siege filtered out of Syria, the small corps of journalists in the city has appeared ever more a target of attacks, from a government that has been intent on keeping journalists away from rebel territory. The shock among journalists on Wednesday came while many were still absorbing the loss of Anthony Shadid, the celebrated New York Times correspondent, who died in Syria last Thursday of an apparent asthma attack after sneaking into the country illegally; many colleagues and friends were still gathered in Beirut for Shadid's memorial service, which took place there on Tuesday, when news hit of Colvin and Ochlik's deaths.
Born in Oyster Bay, New York, Colvin graduated from Yale University, and became renowned in Britain largely through her gripping coverage of the 1990s Balkans War, and the war in Chechnya. But Colvin was not all about work. With her crackling wit, and her knack for great story-telling, she was an excellent companion for lengthy dinners after a day's reporting, not least during the past year's revolutions in Tunisia, Libya, and Egypt. Over dinner in each of those places, Colvin  despite being in the thick of a compelling revolution  spoke about where she might go next, and how to get there ahead of the press pack, which was increasingly more young and nimble than herself. (PHOTOS: The Syrian Civil War: Photographs by Alessio Romenzi)
In her address at St. Bride's Church in 2010, Colvin touched on the issue of whether war reporters perhaps risked their lives for professional ambitions, rather than a humanitarian drive to expose injustices. The answer, apparently, was not entirely clear to her. "We always have to ask ourselves whether the level of risk is worth the story," she said. "What is bravery, and what is bravado?" Shaken by the losses, many journalists will be wrestling with that question in the days and weeks ahead.
VIDEO: Why They Protest: Egypt, Libya and Syria
An average of 1.04M viewers caught TBS' unveiling of Conan In Armenia at 11 Pm Et Tuesday, 666K of whom fell into the 18-49 age bracket — both about double what Conan 's been averaging recently. Another 317K viewers of all ages watched a replay immediately after the premiere, at 12:30 Am Et, 226K of them in the demo. For comparison sake, when TBS unveiled Conan O'Brien 's historic trip to Cuba in March, it logged 1.3 million viewers in its 11 Pm Et premiere on Wednesday…
IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy.
It's always interesting when a designer becomes their own client. Can they edit themselves or do they go nuts? I've been in a few architect's home where it was clearly an outlet for all the ‘really cool' things they couldn't talk clients into doing. That's not the case here.
When designer Mélissa Ohnona and her husband bought a century-old house, located in the Montréal suburb of Laval, she knew it was going to need some help. It had been renovated in the 90s resulting in a main floor that was dark, oddly divided, and devoid of any of the homes original turn-of-the-century character.
The couple decided to completely gut the inside and rethink the placement of everything, including the kitchen, bathroom, powder room and even the stairs. The goal was to maximize the space of the modest-sized home as well as letting in more natural light and providing exterior views from the house. All in service to the overall mandate of creating a welcoming and functional home for the couple and their three daughters.
The first floor is bisected by the new stairway which, being moved from the side of the house, has now become a focal point enclosed in a glass wall. The entryway is surfaced with a slate tile that leads to a black cube concealing the powder room and the washer and dryer. Along the entryway are light wood cabinets providing a plethora of storage and surrounding a sitting window.
The living room was relocated from the front of the house, which sits on a busy street, to the quieter back of the house beside the dining room. The front entrance is on street level but the downward slope of the property puts the living and dining rooms on the second floor in the back, overlooking the many tall trees in the backyard. The kitchen now occupies the space where the living room was at the front of the house and leads into the dining room with a table large enough to seat 14 people.
The second floor was divided into two equal parts by a central rift, which connects the two floors. Only two small “bridges” across the gap to allow access from the hallway to the bedrooms on the other side. This creates interesting views onto the living area downstairs.
Not only did the Ohnonas design their own space, Mélissa and her husband, Hubert, did a lot of the work themselves, including building the stairs, installing the floors and moldings, paneling the walls, and all the painting. As a self-taught handyman, Hubert's work lent a handmade feel to the house. They felt that little imperfections were a welcoming factor and nicks and scratches are a benefit of the actual living that takes place in the house.
Pine was used on the floors, stairs, and wall paneling precisely because of the softness of the wood and the ability for it to develop and interesting patina over the years. It is also a material that is consistent with what might have been used when the house was originally built. Textures are also a major element in this house, ranging from slate tile, oiled pine floors, and leather pulls to glass railings and ultra matt kitchen cabinets.
Ohnona calls it ‘the big small house' with its high ceilings and bright, open spaces that is balanced with warm and homey wood surfaces and textures. She showed just the right amount of restraint in the design of her family's dream home.
[photography by Maxime Brouillet]
Jennifer Lind is associate professor of government at Dartmouth College. The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers.
(CNN) As North Korea develops an intercontinental nuclear capability, President Donald Trump has veered from forbearance to frustration regarding China's role. Earlier this summer Trump told Chinese President Xi Jinping, "I appreciate the things that you have done" on North Korea; more recently, however, his tweets have been laced with irritation. "They do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk," Trump declared . "We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!"
Beijing may have temporarily mollified the Trump administration, which was pleased by Chinese support for tighter UN sanctions against North Korea. But despite Washington's hopes, China won't solve the North Korea problem, regardless of how often the Trump administration insists that it can or must.
To be sure, Beijing has leverage over Pyongyang; trade with China comprises 90% of North Korea's trade, including vital imports such as food and oil. Furthermore, North Korean businesses have set up joint ventures with Chinese firms, which allow Pyongyang access to the global economy. Beijing could crack down on these relationships.
While China has leverage, it won't use it to pressure North Korea. As I found in recent conversations with scholars and government officials in Beijing, the Chinese diagnose the problem and its solution very differently, and have very different interests at stake.
The Americans see North Korea as a dangerous rogue state that broke international law to acquire nuclear weapons. But China sees North Korea as motivated by insecurity. The Chinese say that because the United States and South Korea are so much more powerful, and because the United States goes around the world toppling governments, it's no wonder that Pyongyang wants nuclear weapons. In their view, North Korea is not the menacing rogue state; America is. "You need to understand," several people in Beijing told me, "the Americans are the source of their fear."
How to solve the problem? The Chinese feel "unfairly burdened" (as a recent China Daily op-ed said) at being seen as the key to a solution. In their view, Washington, not Beijing, is the key; only the Americans (by reducing North Korea's fear) can influence Pyongyang.
The Chinese urge the United States to stop the military exercises with South Korea that frighten the North, give security assurances to Pyongyang, and withdraw military forces from South Korea. (Washington does not see these as bargaining chips but as essential for maintaining readiness and deterrence on the peninsula.)
China also has very different interests at stake. While North Korea's intercontinental nuclear capability is a game-changer for the Americans, it isn't for the Chinese, who have already been living with North Korean nuclear weapons.
China worries most about political stability on the Korean peninsula. The Chinese fear that serious economic pressure would risk causing Kim Jong-un's regime to collapse, which could unleash chaos on the peninsula, and usher in a variety of long-term problems.
The Chinese worry that North Korean regime collapse would send refugees flooding across their border, and are alarmed by the prospect of military intervention by South Korea and the United States. Bruce W. Bennett of RAND and I modeled the requirements for military missions in a post-collapse North Korea: for example, humanitarian relief, border control operations, and missions to find "loose nukes." Performing these missions would require hundreds of thousands of troops.
Imagine this scenario from China's perspective: the prospect of serious instability, and massive military intervention by two powerful armies, right on its border. Because China intends to intervene as well, this scenario has the potential for dangerous escalation. This -- not a North Korean intercontinental strike capability -- is Beijing's nightmare.
Then there are the longer-term concerns. The Chinese face a potential demographic problem in Jilin province, in Yanbian autonomous prefecture, where a substantial amount of the population is ethnically Korean. (Many North Koreans fled there during the years of famine.) Beijing worries that the area's demographics will become too Korean, encouraging secessionist feeling. The Chinese Communist Party already has enough of this on its hands in Tibet, Xinjiang, and Taiwan.
North Korean collapse, and Korean unification, also have implications for the broader military competition between China and the United States. North Korea currently provides a buffer between China and American troops in South Korea.
The Chinese fear that if Korea unifies, American troops would remain, and China would lose this buffer. The Chinese also say that they like that North Korea preoccupies US diplomacy, military planning, and force structure: that without the North Korean thorn in the American side, Washington might turn its gaze toward Taiwan and the South China Sea.
Thus while the Chinese certainly would prefer that North Korea not have nuclear weapons, their greatest fear is regime collapse. "At times China will probably put more pressure on North Korea," one Chinese scholar told me, "but we will not fundamentally change our position."
Getting Beijing to act against its own interests will be hard, if not impossible, and will require more than frustrated tweets ( dismissed by China's state media as "emotional venting"). To get China to act against its own interests, the Trump administration would have to make a deal. What does China want that Washington could give it?
But a deal acceptable to both sides probably doesn't exist. The sorts of carrots, capitulations, or concessions that Washington would have to dangle at Beijing would have to be big -- really big (perhaps related to the US-Japan alliance, South China Sea, or Taiwan). But, with its many treaty allies and interests in East Asia, Washington would be unwilling to offer that kind of carrot.
Which brings us to sticks. The Trump administration could try to convince Beijing that Washington simply will not live in a world with a North Korean intercontinental strike capability: that if Beijing won't help try economic coercion, the administration will use force against North Korea.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
NEW YORK — After hours of contentious public comment, a New York City community board voted late Tuesday to support a plan to build a mosque and cultural center near ground zero.
"It's a seed of peace," board member Rob Townley said. "We believe that this is significant step in the Muslim community to counteract the hate and fanaticism in the minority of the community."
The vote was 29-to-1 in favor of the plan, with 10 abstentions. The move by the Manhattan Community Board 1, while not necessary for the building's owners to move forward with the project, is seen as key to obtaining residents' support.
The organizations sponsoring the project say they're trying to meet a growing need for prayer space in lower Manhattan, as well as provide a venue for the dissemination of mainstream Islam, to counter extremism.
"The moderate Muslim voice has been squashed in America," said Bruce Wallace, who said he lost a nephew in the Sept. 11 attacks. "Here is a chance to allow moderate Muslims to teach people that not all Muslims are terrorists."
Others at the meeting had a different view.
"We think it's an insult," said Pamela Gellar, executive director of Stop Islamization of America. "It's demeaning to non-Muslims to build a shrine dedicated to the very ideology that inspired 9/11."
The plan, which would include areas for interfaith activities and conferences and an arts center, has attracted political and social opposition.
Tea party activist Mark Williams has called the proposed center a monument to the terror attacks. And some Sept. 11 victims' families say they're angry it would be built so close to where their relatives died.
Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer, who has been the target of disparaging remarks by Williams for supporting the plans, defended his position and denounced offensive speech directed at him or at Muslims.
"What I want people to do is to take a look at the totality of what they are proposing," Stringer said. "What we're rejecting here is outright bigotry and hatred."
Stringer made his remarks before the vote while standing outside the Park Place building, a former department store that was damaged by debris on Sept. 11. The paint on the building's facade is peeling, and dirt is accumulating on its columns.
Blocks away, cranes extended over the vast World Trade Center construction site.
Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said there were no security concerns about building a mosque in the area.
Stringer said he understood the sensitivities of the families of 9/11 victims.
"I don't think anybody wants to do anything to disrespect those families. They made the ultimate sacrifice," he said. "At the same time, we have to balance diversity and look for opportunities to bring different groups together."
The American Society for Muslim Advancement and the Cordoba Initiative, the organizations sponsoring the project, have said that they bought the building in 2009 and planned to break ground later this year. It could take up to three years to build the Cordoba House. A Friday prayer service has been held at the building since September 2009.
Besides the political and social opposition to the project, city officials say the plan also could be hindered by a decades-old proposal to give landmark status to a building that would be replaced by the mosque and center.
City officials say the current building, constructed between 1857 and 1858 in the Italian Renaissance palazzo style, is historically and architecturally significant.
WATCH footage from the meeting:
Image caption India's navy chief DK Joshi (left) has warned the country to "prepare for the worst"
India's navy has released names of the 18 sailors feared dead inside a submarine which sank after it exploded in a Mumbai dockyard.
Rescuers are yet to reach the sailors who were on board when two huge explosions led to a devastating fire early on Wednesday.
The families of the sailors have begun arriving in Mumbai, India's navy chief has said.
The navy chief has warned the country to "prepare for the worst".
A press release issued by the navy names the three officers who were on board the submarine and the 15 crew members.
It is not clear what caused the blasts on the diesel and electricity-powered INS Sindhurakshak. An inquiry is under way and sabotage has not been ruled out, although officials say that looks unlikely at this stage.
Divers aboard the submarine have managed to open the main hatch and are draining out water using heavy-duty pumps to help refloat the vessel.
Officials have said efforts to reach the sailors have been hampered by poor visibility, restricted space and equipment displaced by the blasts.
The vessel is filled with sea-water and the heat of the explosion also melted parts of the internal hull, deforming the submarine hatches and preventing access to compartments.
Some reports in the Indian media said a bigger disaster was averted as the submarine's twin hulls "contained the fire and reduced losses".
"The twin hulls ensured that the impact did not escape the vessel, but came at the cost of the men on board who most likely did not survive the initial blast," The Indian Express reported.
The INS Sindhurakshak is one of the 10 Kilo-class submarines bought from Russia between 1986 and 2000. It is equipped with Russian Club-S cruise missile systems.
The Russian-built vessel had recently been upgraded at a cost of $80m (£52m) and it may have been armed with missiles and torpedoes.
Nearly all of what I treat in the Emergency Department is diet related. We have eaten ourselves into a state of sickness, and it is fueled by misinformation. This is nowhere more clear than in the endlessly circulated protein myth; most of us have been indoctrinated into a belief system which holds the misconception that our only sources of protein are animal-derived. Although animal flesh, eggs and milk are sources of protein which we can utilize, they are in fact inferior to plant-based sources. And ironically, many of the animals we consume for their protein are themselves herbivores. Animal-based sources of protein also have a well-documented association with a myriad of preventable diseases. The list is long, and includes hypertension, type 2 (adult-onset) diabetes, high cholesterol, cancer, coronary artery disease, ischemic strokes, and an array of autoimmune diseases. Interestingly (and tragically), early exposure to cow milk has been implicated in increasing the risk of developing type 1 diabetes (juvenile-onset).
What is protein?
Before making recommendations about plant-based sources of protein, I would like to first address the issue of protein in general. What is protein? The name is of Greek origin, ‘proteios', which means ‘of prime importance'. Amino acids are organic compounds that form proteins by being linked together. There are 20 in total, of which 8 (or 10, considering the classification system you are using) are considered ‘essential'. An essential amino acid is one which the human body cannot produce on its own, and must be obtained from diet. The functional units of muscle tissue are protein fibers, and enzymes are also considered proteins.
The scientific literature shows that it's better to get our protein from plant sources. T. Colin Campbell, Ph.D., author of ‘The China Study,' the largest epidemiological study to date on human nutrition (click here to learn more), wrote: “There is a mountain of compelling research showing that plant protein allows for slow but steady synthesis of new proteins, and is the healthiest type of protein.” There are also many record-holding vegan athletes and bodybuilders who demonstrate that not only can we survive, but optimally thrive on a plant-based diet, getting plenty of protein and all other nutrients necessary for peak physical performance. Robert Cheeke (bodybuilder), Carl Lewis (track and field), Steph Davis (mountain climber/base jumper), Brendan Brazier (triathlon athlete) and Patrik Baboumian (world record-holding strongman), just to name a few, all excel on a plant-based diet.
How much protein does a person need?
The question of optimal protein intake was addressed by a joint panel of the Food and Agriculture Organization, the World Health Organization, and the United Nations University. Findings were published in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition in an article titled ‘Plant proteins in relation to human protein and amino acid nutrition' co-authored by Vernon R. Young and Peter L. Pellett. They carefully examined requirements at various stages in life, as well as plant versus animal sources of the essential amino acids. It is recommended that adults, both male and female, consume 0.80 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight per day. There are 2.2 pounds per kg, so a person weighing 140 pounds weighs approximately 64 kg. This would mean that they would need to consume approximately 51 grams of protein per day. An example of a typical vegan menu (divide into separate meals) which would meet this requirement: One cup of oatmeal (6 grams), 5 ounces tofu (11 grams), one cup broccoli (4 grams), one cup cooked brown rice (5 grams), 4 tablespoons almonds (7 grams), one cup chopped kale (2.9 grams), one cup cooked beans (12 grams), and one cup avocado (2.9 grams).
The truth is that people commonly eat more animal protein than they can process, and even vegetarians (those who abstain from flesh but consume milk and eggs) often consume too much as well. Excessive animal protein is incredibly toxic to our bodies. The liver's ability to convert excess nitrogen to urea is saturated, and the blood becomes acidic. This can cause you to lose a significant amount of water (leading to dehydration), muscle mass, and bone calcium.
What are the best plant-based sources of protein?
There are numerous options for protein-dense, plant-based sources of protein. Some great ones include: tempeh, cooked soybeans, seitan, lentils, refried beans, chickpeas (and hummus), avocados, tofu, versatile grains such as quinoa and teff, peas, peanut butter, almonds, sunflower seeds, whole wheat bread, soy milk, spinach, broccoli, oatmeal, kale, and the list goes on! For a breakdown of protein content in these and other plant foods, please see this chart.
While whole foods are healthiest by far, sometimes those transitioning to veganism prefer foods that closely mimic the shapes, textures and flavors of the animal foods they are eliminating. Many grocery stores carry several varieties of pre-packaged, protein-rich meat and dairy alternatives, including vegan deli slices, ‘bacon', burgers, ‘chicken' patties and tenders, non-dairy cheeses, butters and milks. For help ditching dairy, check out Free from Harm's feature, ‘Groundbreaking, Game Changing Vegan Cheese Is Here.'
What about “Complete Proteins” and Amino Acids?
Regarding ‘complete' proteins- it is unnecessary to meticulously combine various plant-based sources of protein; the body combines them for you. As Virgnia Messina, R.D., has written: “Myths about amino acid shortages and food combining were put to rest decades ago by experts and researchers in protein nutrition. Every plant food that provides protein — which includes all grains, legumes, nuts, seeds, and vegetables — contains all of the essential amino acids that are needed by humans. Individual plant foods have lower percentages of some of the amino acids relative to needs, but it doesn't matter for those who eat a healthy vegan diet. For one thing, the body maintains its own temporary storage of amino acids. And amino acids from different foods work together throughout the day to produce the right amounts and ratios of these protein building blocks.”
As long as you are consuming a variety of plant-based foods that includes a few servings of legumes (beans, peanuts or soy foods) and/or protein-rich grains every day, you'll have no trouble meeting protein requirements without animal foods. Need more reasons to go vegan? Explore the Free from Harm website, or start here for information on the suffering of animals exploited for food. When you make compassionate food choices, everyone wins.
The links below provide more information on vegan nutrition:
veganhealth.org
The Vegan RD
NutritionFacts.org
On Monday, Amazon Publishing announced that it had purchased Avalon Books, a 62-year-old publisher. The acquisition means that Amazon Publishing has just added 3,000 titles to its list.
Avalon is an independent publisher that has focused on specific genres. In the past, that included science fiction. Now it primarily publishes mysteries, westerns and romance. While romance is hot right now -- hot and heavy, like "50 Shades of Grey" -- these novels are anything but. The books Avalon has published are, it writes, "good stories and wholesome entertainment."
How good and how wholesome? Very good. Very wholesome. "There is no explicit sexual content or profanity in any of our novels," Avalon states in its writers guidelines. "It is the author's responsibility to heighten the romantic atmosphere by developing love scenes with tenderness, emotion, and perception."
In other words, none of that "50 Shades of Grey"-style hanky-panky.
From the FAQ regarding manuscript submissions:
Q. WHAT IS TOO SEXY FOR AVALON?
A. Sexual tension is fine but not more than a kiss or embrace is allowed.
Q. WHAT ARE THE RULES ON ROUGH LANGUAGE?
A. No cursing throughout all of our books. Nothing heavier than a “hell,” “damn” in Westerns and Mysteries. We don't like cursing at all in our romances. We do not accept racial epithets, no harsh language, and no sexy talk.
Q. WHAT ARE THE RULES ON LIQUOR?
A. In our Romances keep it minimal, if any. In our Westerns and Mysteries it is okay within reason.
The writers guidelines go further in describing what kinds of characters and content are appropriate for Avalon.
AVALON ROMANCES / HEROINES: Every Avalon heroine should be an independent young woman with an interesting profession or career. She is equal to the stresses of today's world and can take care of herself. She should be smart, capable, and likable.
AVALON ROMANCES / HEROES: Avalon heroes should be warm, likable, realistic, sympathetic, understanding men who treat the heroine as an equal, with respect for her intelligence and individuality, and with courtesy. The hero should be a fully-realized character, someone the reader can warm up to and be happy to see with the heroine. AVALON MYSTERIES / HEROES: The hero can be male or female or a team of people with sound values. The hero must be someone for whom the truth is paramount. AVALON WESTERNS / HEROES: The hero must be a strong individual with sound values. He's excellent with his fists and his gun, but not overeager to use either.
There are no guidelines for heroines of Avalon Mysteries or Avalon Westerns; I assume there are none.
"Avalon has a long tradition in publishing wonderful stories that affirm a positive way of life," said Amazon Publishing's Philip Patrick, director of business development, rights and licensing. "We are thrilled to have these talented writers join our publishing program."
Other than squeaky-clean content, Avalon had something else going for it: None of its books has been published in e-book form. Yet.
RELATED:
Amazon awarded patent for electronic gift-giving
On Goodreads, '50 Shades of Grey' is a regional hit
Amazon exposed: The book behemoth is scrutinized
-- Carolyn Kellogg
After crashing out in qualifying, Ricciardo's rebuilt car ground to a halt on the out-lap from the pits with a gearbox sensor failure that required him to be towed back to the pits.
He joined the race two laps down, before a power unit issue stranded him out on track.
"On the plus side, I'm getting out of here – it's been a long week," said Ricciardo. "Don't get me wrong, it's been fun, but I feel bad for everyone, bad for the fans obviously – I believe there's more people here supporting me than the others.
"It just kinda snowballed from yesterday. The five[-place] grid penalty sounded bad enough but we had other issues.
"We were laps down, but getting some information – it was valuable track time.
"At the end we believe it was something to do with fuel pressure – basically it just switched off. It was just instant, there was no procedure I could do to stay out there.
"Happy to move on. I'm disappointed today, but I'll be ready tomorrow to go for China."
Verstappen content with fifth
Red Bull teammate Max Verstappen was far happier with his fortunes, and was delighted to play a key role in the outcome of the lead fight – when he was able to hold off Lewis Hamilton in his first stint – and keep Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen in sight throughout.
"I was still a bit surprised I was that close to Kimi," said Verstappen. "Pace was quite good compared to him, and behind me there was not much pressure.
"The car behaved quite a bit better in the race than qualifying. We still need to improve, and we will, so we'll see in the next few races."
DISTRIBUIE
Consiliul Local Cluj-Napoca a aprobat regulamentul prin care imobilele şi terenurile neîngrijite vor putea fi supraimpozitate.
Primăria clujeană a întâmpinat o puternică rezistenţă din partea proprietarilor de imobile din zona centrală, când a încercat să pornească proiectul marii refaţadizări
În 2013, administraţia locală a pus la punct procedura de refaţadizare a clădirilor din centrul istoric al oraşului. Atunci, autorităţile anunţau că vor suporta 20% din costul lucrărilor, iar restul de 80% din sumă va fi acordată cu titlu de împrumut proprietarilor de clădiri care nu au bani pentru modernizare, oamenii fiind obligaţi să returneze banii în 10 ani. Dintre cei somaţi, mai puţin de 10% au demarat ulterior lucrările de refaţadizare.
Municipalitatea a încercat să sancţioneze proprietarii indisciplinaţi, dar legea nu i-a permis să facă acest lucru. Noul Cod fiscal i-a venit între timp în ajutor, oferindu-i puteri sporite. Practic, deţinătorii de clădiri sau terenuri intravilane neîngrijite ar urma, pe noul act normativ, să plătească impozite majorate cu până la 500%.
În ultima şedinţă de CL a fost aprobat regulamentul pe baza căruia se va trece la supraimpozitare. S-a stabilit astfel cadrul legal privind identificarea şi majorarea impozitului pentru clădirile şi terenurile neîngrijite din intravilanul municipiului.
„Regulamentul de stabilire a criteriilor de identificare a clădirilor şi terenurilor neîngrijite, în vederea aplicării prevederilor art. 489 alin. (5) - (8), din legea nr. 227/2015, privind Codul fiscal" a trecut cu o largă majoritate şi a avut parte de cea mai elaborată dezbatere, într-o şedinţă în care celelalte proiecte au trecut pe sistemul „mitralieră".
Conform hotărârii de consiliu local (HCL), Direcţia Inspecţie şi Control din cadrul Poliţiei Locale este cea care va trebui să raporteze care sunt clădirile şi terenurile neîngrijite. Poliţiştii primăriei vor trebui să fotografieze toate proprietăţile lăsate în paragină, iar pozele vor fi ataşate notei de conformitate.
„Direcţia Inspecţie şi Control din cadrul Direcţiei Generale Poliţia Locală este abilitată să efectueze verificări pe raza unităţii administrativ-teritoriale şi să întocmească fişele de evaluare, nota de constatare, somaţia şi procesul verbal de conformitate. Nota de constatare va fi însoţită obligatoriu de schiţe foto, care să ateste starea clădirii/terenului la data inspecţiei", se arată în HCL.
Consilierii au stabilit că poliţiştii trebuie să trimită somaţiile până cel târziu în 31 iulie a fiecărui an, iar proprietarii au timp până în 30 noiembrie să obţină avizele pentru a porni la treabă. Dacă până atunci nu încep lucrările, vor fi impozitaţi mai scump decât până atunci.
Nivelul exact al majorării impozitului este de până la 500%, dar acesta urmează să fie stabilit în fiecare an de consiliul local.
Inclusiv primăria este pusă în situaţia de a refaţadiza clădiri, la care este proprietară sau coproprietară. La nouă clădiri au fost scoase la licitaţie serviciile de proiectare, dar primarul Emil Boc s-a plâns că la patru dintre imobile nu s-a înscris nicio firmă de proiectare.
Legea înţelege prin clădiri neîngrijite acele imobile care sunt în stare avansată de degradare, insalubre, cu faţade nereparate, necurăţate, netencuite, nezugrăvite, cu geamuri sparte, iar în cazul terenurilor, că sunt în stare de paragină, acoperite de buruieni, părăsite, abandonate, insalubre, necurăţate, cu garduri nereparate sau neîntreţinute.
Team USA forward Dylan Larkin reflects on his rookie season with the Red Wings, compares competing the IIHF World Championships last year to this year, what he hopes to improve upon and his expectations heading into the World Cup of Hockey. (2:17)
MOSCOW -- During the past year, Dylan Larkin has completed a stellar freshman season at the University of Michigan, won a bronze medal at the 2015 IIHF World Championship in the Czech Republic, signed with the Detroit Red Wings, earned a full-time roster spot out of training camp, led the Wings with 23 goals as a rookie, served as their lone representative at the All-Star Game, been named to Team North America at the 2016 World Cup of Hockey this September and represented the U.S. once again at the IIHF World Championship in Russia.
"I've almost been too busy to really let that all sink in, but when you say it like that ... It has been a good year," said Larkin, 19, with a smile.
That's putting it mildly.
When the Red Wings drafted him 15th overall in 2014, they had Larkin ranked much higher on their board and counted themselves lucky that he was still available. In addition to his speed and skill, they loved what they had seen of his character and work ethic.
"I remember Tyler Wright, our director of amateur scouting, telling a story of [Team] USA playing at the U-18 World Championship. Dylan partially separated his shoulder but he came right back in and finished the tournament," said Jiri Fischer, director of player development for the Red Wings. "He wanted to play. That's not typical, for a 17-year-old guy to play with pain and really try to do anything to win."
After being named Big Ten freshman of the year, Larkin earned a spot on the national team at the world championship last May. He used that tournament as a litmus test to see how he stacked up against the competition and to decide if he was ready to make the jump to the professional ranks.
Despite scoring only one point in 10 games and realizing that he wasn't anywhere close to the player he wanted to be, Larkin decided to embrace that challenge head-on and immediately signed his entry-level contract with Detroit. He made his debut for Grand Rapids, Detroit's AHL affiliate, on May 24, 2015, during the first game of the Western Conference finals against Utica. He would go on to score five points in six games in the series.
"There are a lot of players who want to move up a level, but they don't always back it up with their work ethic or studying the game or maturing their body off the ice," Fischer said. "Dylan has done all those things. He's certainly one of the best prospects that we've had in a long time."
Now that Larkin realized what it took to be competitive at the next level, it was time for the Waterford, Michigan, native to really get to work.
"I knew my upper body needed to be stronger so I could win faceoffs," he said. "I needed to hit the gym and put on some weight to physically be ready to play and compete with men, and I think I did that."
By the time rookie camp began, Larkin had added 10 pounds. He impressed his coaches and fellow players there and then again in training camp. A roster spot opened because of Darren Helm's preseason injury, so a few weeks later Larkin found himself suiting up for the Red Wings, the team he grew up rooting for, to start the season. He became the first 19-year-old to debut for Detroit on opening night since Mike Sillinger in 1990-91 -- six years before Larkin was born.
Dylan Larkin has seven points after eight games at the world championships, second on the U.S. team behind Auston Matthews' eight. AP Photo/Pavel Golovkin
"Dylan was one of several guys who were fighting for a spot, and the decision was made that he's a player who improves our team every night," Fischer said. "After a few games, it was clear that he wasn't a fill-in or a replacement player."
Jeff Blashill, the Red Wings' first-year coach, showed confidence in Larkin, giving him top-six minutes and a chance to play to his strengths -- speed and skill.
"I think I was put in a great spot to succeed," Larkin said. "Playing with Henrik Zetterberg for 60 games, you're going to be pretty successful. But I also have to give myself some credit. I did the right things leading up to that opportunity. I worked really hard so that if I was put in that spot, I'd be prepared."
Midway through the season, Larkin began playing alongside veteran Russian forward Pavel Datsyuk, which proved to be a lesson in itself for the rookie.
"I think Pavel had to have some patience playing with me," Larkin said with a smirk. "Maybe the second or third game I was playing with him, he said, 'Hold puck. Hold puck. Cycle and then we have fun.' And then I think I shot it from the goal line a few times, and I tried shooting it from the outside, and he kept saying, 'Hold puck. Hold puck and then we cycle.' Then the third time I had a bad shot or maybe a turnover and he didn't look at me on the bench. I knew I was in trouble."
As Larkin worked on being more patient with the puck, he continued to raise his game to meet every challenge and expectation -- including Datsyuk's -- as the season wore on. He represented the Red Wings at the All-Star Game, and broke the record for fastest skater in the skills competition.
Dylan Larkin's storybook rookie season for Detroit included an invite to the 2016 All-Star Game -- where he was the Red Wings' lone representative -- where he broke a record in the fastest skater contest. Dave Sandford/Getty Images
"Midway through the regular season, he was one of our best players night in, night out. He improved our team speed and also helped to carry some of the load for Henrik Zetterberg and Pavel Datsyuk," Fischer said. "Dylan has historically been a center, and Jeff Blashill put him on the wing. Then our centers wanted to play with Dylan because he pushes the pace and he helps them pick up the energy on every shift."
When the Red Wings were eliminated in the first round of the playoffs, Larkin accepted another invitation to compete at the world championship, this time in a top-six position. Playing both center and wing, he has seven points in eight games and his versatility is proving to be a big asset for Team USA, which upset the Czech Republic in a shootout Thursday and will face Canada in the semifinals Saturday, with a chance to play for gold against either Finland or Russia on the line.
In fewer than four months, Larkin will be playing for Team North America at the World Cup of Hockey in Toronto on a combined team of Canadians and Americans all under the age of 23.
"It's a great, young team and we have some of the best players in the world," he said. "We have a lot of speed and a lot of skill and a lot of energy.
"I think I'll go into that team with the same mentality that I went into with the world junior team two years ago and the world championships last year," Larkin continued. "I'm probably not going to be a power-play guy. I'm probably not going to be a top-two line guy. I'm going to have to earn minutes and I'm going to have to skate and kill penalties and do the little things that the team needs. I might not be in the same role that I play in Detroit, but I think it's a great honor and I'll do anything to earn minutes there."
Larkin is also looking ahead to his second NHL season and preparing himself for the increased expectations that come with being a budding star.
"Dylan surprised a lot of players on the ice with his speed and how hard he fights for the pucks and how mature his game is," Fischer said. "Next year, in order to be as successful or more, he's going to have to reinvent his game a little bit. It's something that every elite offensive player has to do throughout their career.
Fischer said Larkin will have a target on his back next season and can't let up on his training.
"You can't just keep doing the same thing and think that success is going to keep coming," Fischer said. "That's not how it works in the NHL. There are smart players and they hate failure and losing and being beat, and they'll study who they play against so that doesn't happen. Dylan's biggest thing is going to be taking the next step physically this summer to improve and get stronger and more powerful. He needs to be hungry for more."
If his past is any indication, there should be no concern about Larkin's willingness and desire to improve every day.
"I don't believe in a sophomore slump and I don't intend on having one. I'm just going to prepare as best as I can like I did last summer and go into the new season even stronger," Larkin said. "I think I need to prepare more this offseason for a marathon and I'm excited to do that. This past year was great, but I don't plan for it to be my best one."
Fox brought The X-Files and Prison Break back for more episodes, which might have a few folks wondering if that means Firefly, an admittedly less popular show, could return as well. Creator Joss Whedon‘s sci-fi western only lasted one wonderful season on Fox, but the story continued with the 2005 film, Serenity. Could Malcolm Reynolds (Nathan Fillion) and the remaining crewmembers of the Serenity ever return to star in a second season of Firefly on Fox? Fox Broadcasting President of Entertainment, David Madden, recently commented on the matter, claiming he's open to more Firefly if Whedon is.
Below, learn why we might or might not see a Firefly reboot.
During a panel last month at the TCA 2017, Madden told Rotten Tomatoes he's open to a Firefly reboot (via TV Overmind). Of course, he's only interested if Whedon wants to do it, and Whedon is busy with movies. Madden doesn't want more episodes of Firefly without The Avengers: Age of Ultron director.
Three years ago, producer-writer Tim Minear stated he “would never foreclose the possibility” of bringing the show back. “I think a limited series of some kind would work best,” he said. “Something like that could also work if, say, 20th [Century Fox, who owns the rights] could partner with Netflix or another distributor.” If they ever went that route, there might be some issues with the rights.
After the release of Age of Ultron, Whedon told Collider “there are rights [issues] between Fox and Universal because one had the show and one had the movie, so it gets a little funky fresh with that.” There's also the matter of whether Whedon would want to make more episodes of Firefly, which he's always held the same position on: he'd do it if it felt right and when the cast is freed up from their busy schedules. First and foremost, Whedon wants to tell another story, not just find an excuse to get together with his friends.
Years ago he said he'd take another look at the idea when Fillion isn't starring in Castle anymore, which is now the case, and when he's no longer “the Tom Hagen of the Marvel Universal,” which he's not anymore. He said he “might look and see where the market is then.” As for the star of the series, Fillion, he's skeptical he'd play Malcolm Reynolds again. He thinks another season of Firefly is an “impossibility,” but he said the same of the movie, so he doesn't try to underestimate Whedon.
My wife and I were recently in the opera - admittedly, a rare occurrence. She hates the government-subsidized but generally uncomfortable seats, the lack of legroom and the smell of sweat mingling with bad perfume. Furthermore, she often finds the musical presentation slightly over the top and void of fun. But despite all this, she does have a favorite opera - "Nabucco."
In the production of the work by Giuseppe Verdi that we saw, the prisoners' chorus is made up of bumble bees, who bounce into the audience shaking their stingers. My wife shrieked with delight at the sight.
Then her neighbor began to cough, and violently at that. "Come on - it's funny!" my wife scolded him - as if speaking in a concert auditorium were the most normal thing in the world. Others in the hall began to cough. But I think those sudden attacks were directed less towards my wife and more towards the bumble bees. Or the staging. Or perhaps the director himself.
Hans Neuenfels' production of "Nabucco" at the Deutsche Oper Berlin
Confined by good manners
In our age, a night out for a symphony or an opera can amount to an experience that's more confining than pleasurable. That was perhaps less the case in Mozart's era, when such events were associated with promenading, lively chatter and having a drink or two.
The 19th century brought changes, with rules of etiquette playing a stronger role in the concert experience. And those who dared to spurn classical music altogether ran the risk of being ostracized by the economic, intellectual and moral elite.
"With music it does not only matter what is consumed; the way this consumption is socially understood may be even more important," writes Andreas Wagener of the School of Economics and Management at the University of Hannover, in his recent paper titled, "Why Do People (Not) Cough in Concerts? The Economics of Concert Etiquette."
Wagener was out to examine the meaning and purpose of current concert etiquette, reminding readers in his paper that etiquette and the concert form itself are social constructs.
No accident
Andreas Wagener: Coughing has a voluntary element to it
Concert associations, musicians and music journalists endeavor to the present day to educate their audience with rules, gestures and admonishments. Musicians are obliged to give their all and to translate the score with truth and meaning. The audience therefore should concentrate on the music, be serious and silent. All this ultimately takes its toll: Wagener cites studies showing that people cough twice as much in concerts as they do in everyday life.
Pianist Alfred Brendel is particularly touchy when it comes to unwanted noises in his concerts. During one performance in Hamburg, he stopped playing and barked at the audience: "Either you stop coughing or I stop playing!" Silence reigned for the remainder of the concert. And that fact speaks volumes for Andreas Wagener.
"Coughing and its suppression are to a substantial degree willful actions. Experimental evidence shows that humans are not only able to activate but also to suppress cough on demand, independently of sensory stimulation," writes Andreas Wagener, who contrasts coughing with other actions like sneezing or hiccupping that cannot be "willfully produced with their complete pattern."
Participatory gesture?
Wagener, however, does go on to admit that coughing is as much part and parcel of the concert experience as the music itself. "Given that it may always be viewed as a physical reflex, coughing is one of few acceptable ways of active participation within strict concert etiquette," he writes.
The German comedian Loriot composed what he dubbed a "Coughing Symphony" as a present for the Berlin Philharmonic's 100th birthday. The intent was "to integrate typical concert noises to enrich the work," the humorist said.
"The volume of coughing increases with the complexity and unfamiliarity of the music performed," says Wagener, getting right to the heart of the modern concert reality. Perhaps that's one reason pianist Alfred Brendel was moved to write an enraged poem, whose title in German translates as "The Coughers of Cologne." In it, he suggests listeners have acquired intricate knowledge of the pieces on the program "so that at the quiet junctures - particularly during the grand pauses - they can cough the loudest."
Can coughing during classical concerts be seen as some kind of statement? Is a connoisseur showing some sort of displeasure with the production or with the work itself? Can coughing be regarded in that case as a way of reassuring other concert-goers of one's critical attitude?
The more unsure an audience feels, says Wagener, the greater the likelihood of a coughing fit emerging.
Pianist Alfred Brendel prefers concert-goers who are quiet and obedient
'No sense of humor'
In an interview with DW, Wagener said he is pleased with "the wide and international reaction to my paper which, in itself, deals with something relatively mundane. It doesn't happen to an economist all that often that his intellectual ideas are taken seriously within the cultural scene."
It's evident that coughing in concerts is a pain, just as it's evident that concerts depend for their survival on audiences making their way to the performances. And often, Wagener argues in his paper, their attendance is less about listening and more about solidifying social roles: "Music and its perception define individual and group identities, convey prestige and status, allow for demarcation as well as inclusion, produce conformity, and affirm individual and social values."
That description, among others in the economist's paper, have struck a sour chord with some German music critics.
"He connects classical music only with the upper class and combines that with allegedly very mannered behavior which does nothing but display a kind of social exclusion," bit back columnist Helmut Mauro in the German daily Süddeutsche Zeitung.
Wagner calls such responses typical of the German media, who, in contrast to foreign press outlets that covered his paper, tend to regard his paper as a dry study and view it "with no humor or sense of fun at all."
